Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Notre Dame High School of Acadia Parish is celebrating 50 years of Catholic education this year .
Three Acadia Parish newspapers — The Crowley Post-Signal , The Rayne Acadian-Tribune and The Church Point News — working in cooperation with the high school , will be publishing a souvenir edition in observance of that anniversary .
The public 's help is being asked as the newspapers would like to include photos of activities at and about Notre Dame from the past . Anyone with photos of such events — especially any color photos — is asked to submit them , along with information identifying any people in the photo and the subject of the photo , to one of the newspapers for use in the edition .
For the best method of submitting photos locally , call The Post-Signal at 783-3450 ; The Acadian-Tribune at 334-3186 ; or The Church Point News at 684-5711 .
Photos ( digital ) and information also may be submitted via email to raynenews @ cox-internet.com .
Deadline for submitting photos is Friday , Dec. 15 .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Reinsurers braced for year of cost-cutting
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
PLAYER : Kamryn Giles
POSITION : S
SCHOOL : Plantation American Heritage
CLASS : 2019
HEIGHT : 5-11
WEIGHT : 195
SCOUTING : From the first time we had the pleasure of watching this gifted athlete , there was simply no denying that he had the potential to be one of the best defensive players around . What he brought with him when he came from Monsignor Pace this season is a who loves this game and plays it at the highest level . As good as many felt he was , this is football player who has more than exceeded expectations , with a talent level that has college coaches watching his progress . A gifted playmaker who can line up at safety and punish offensive players as well as showcase his cover skills . We have talked about him in the past , but now he is truly making a difference on a tremendous team .
TAPE : http : //www.hudl.com/profile/5645918/kamryn-giles
Four members of a robbery gang who raped nine women in Lagos have been arrested by the Rapid Response Squad of the Lagos State Police command .
A statement by the police on Monday said Sunday John , a 27 year old leader of the gang and serial rapist , arrested at Charity Bus Stop , Oshodi , confessed to have led three other members to rape the women in the last two weeks .
The suspect , a bus conductor in Oshodi from Akwa Ibom was reportedly arrested at Charity Bus Stop around 5:38 a.m. on Wednesday in company of his two gang members by the Decoy Team of the Rapid Response Squad .
The gang members are Saviour Daniel ( 23 ) , Daniel Olayemi ( 18 ) and Abdulwahab Yusuph ( 17 ) .
The statement said the operatives had on Tuesday evening arrested one of John 's colleagues while fighting with another group of boys over a Samsung tablet in Oshodi .
The suspect , Daniel Olayemi , a member of John 's gang , had disclosed to interrogators that he stole the tablet from a lady that was gang raped during one of their escapades in Charity Bus stop .
The revelation prompted early morning raid of Charity Bus Stop near Oshodi , where three other members of the gang were arrested according to the police .
Olayemi , in his disclosure to investigators revealed that they were four in John 's gang . He noted that in the last two weeks , the gang robbed 12 passers – by and raped no fewer than nine ladies in the bush at Charity Bus Stop .
Confirming the arrest , the Police Public Relations Officer , Superintendent Dolapo Badmos , said that the suspects have made very useful suggestions to enable the police arrest other group members implicated in the crime .
The suspects have been transferred to SCID for further investigations .
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy , it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry . But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone , consumers deci ...
On Sept. 26 , Mr. Isaacs , advisor , and the Plevna FFA Chapter traveled to Forsyth for Fall District competitions .
By Jessica Paul
On Sept. 26 , Mr. Isaacs , advisor , and the Plevna FFA Chapter traveled to Forsyth for Fall District competitions . This year 's competitions were Livestock Judging and Range Competitions . Competing in Livestock Judging was Jessica Paul , Jenna Paul , Wyatt Isaacs , Chloe Tudor , Nick Buerkle , Jaeda Paul , Seth Carroll , Dacy Buerkle , and Ruilin Li . On the fifth place Livestock Team with their individual placings were Jessica Paul – 5th ; Jenna Paul – 7th ; Wyatt Isaacs – 30th ; and Chloe Tudor – 33rd .
The Range Team consists of Jesse Isaacs , Dacy Buerkle , Ashley Sander , and Trinity Rieger . In the competition , they identified 30 range plants and their characteristics , determined ecological site tests , evaluated range utilization , calculated stocking rates , and determined range condition/similarity index . The Plevna Range Team placed 1st out of 9 teams . On the 1st place Range team with their individual placings were Jesse Isaacs – 2nd ; Dacy Buerkle – 7th ; Ashley Sander – 10th ; and Trinity Rieger – 18th . Congratulations to both the Range Team and the Livestock Team on your placings at Fall Districts .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Trump , Putin , Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Fast food jobs pay some of the lowest wages in the country , giving workers little reason to stick around if they get a better offer and proving costly to employers who need to find people to replace them .
In California , one Chick-fil-A franchisee says he 's trying to break the cycle .
Eric Mason , who for the last three years has owned a Chick-fil-A off the highway near the Sacramento airport , says that next week he 'll start hiring “ hospitality professionals ” starting at $ 17 an hour , up from the $ 12 to $ 13 an hour he pays now .
“ When we go to the living wage , we 're looking for people who are trying to raise families , improve their lifestyle , ” he told ABC10 News on May 26 . “ Maybe they could just work one job , and then it 's sustainable . What that does for the business is provided consistency , someone that has relationships with our guests . It 's going to be building a long-term culture . ”
Mason 's marketing manager Marena Weisman confirmed to CNNMoney that the franchise would be hiring between 35 and 45 people at the new rate , for work in both the front and the back of the house , and that all current employees are encouraged to apply for the positions .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , fast food cooks in the Sacramento area make an average of $ 11.42 an hour , about a dollar higher than the national level .
Even though California 's minimum wage is currently $ 11 an hour , and will rise steadily to $ 15 by 2022 , Mason 's $ 5 jump is unusual .
“ All responsible employers are preparing for the impact of the increasing minimum wage , but they are usually doing it over time and planning for it , ” says Carey Klosterman , director of research and compensation services at the California Employers Association .
One reason why : Even employees making just a little bit more than the minimum wage tend to expect raises too . So if employers raise wages too quickly , it can get expensive .
“ While increasing the wage to this level at a fast food restaurant is commendable , I do n't foresee that many businesses will likely be following in their footsteps , ” Klosterman says .
Such big hikes in wages are also especially rare in franchised industries , where the headquarters often charges steep royalties and controls many aspects of the operation — including prices and promotions . That can make life difficult for franchisees in areas with higher fixed costs like wages .
“ If you 're in a territory where labor is much higher than the rest of the country , you could be underwater , ” says Peter Lagarias , an attorney for franchisees based in San Rafael , California . “ When these kinds of pressures all build up , you can understand that franchisees are hurting . ”
Lagarias has n't seen the franchise agreement for Chick-fil-A , which is relatively new to California , so it 's not clear whether an owner-operator could pass along increased labor costs by charging higher prices . Chick-fil-A is unusual in that each owner is limited to one store apiece , which keeps them more involved in day-to-day operations .
A spokeswoman from Chick-fil-A 's corporate office said only that local operators make their own hiring and wage decisions .
However , Mason 's strategy could pay off in the long run .
Research has shown that raising wages can reduce turnover , which in the restaurant industry can be as high as 100 % per year . Each time a worker leaves , it costs the restaurant owner money because they then have to fill the shift with someone else .
Mason is also correct to point out that many low-wage workers have to hold down multiple jobs at a time in order to survive , and that full-time work at a livable wage is something many would try hard to keep .
“ The reason people leave low wage jobs is that they 're trying to find something just a little bit better , ” says Sylvia Allegretto , a labor economist at the University of California , Berkeley .
At $ 17 an hour , Mason 's “ hospitality professional ” positions could be practically immune from turnover .
“ You 're going to try very hard to get that job , and you 're going to be a very good , diligent productive worker , ” Allegretto says . “ Because if you lose that job , your next job will be back down close to the minimum wage . ”
That may position Mason 's store to succeed in what 's rapidly become a job seekers ' market . Sacramento 's unemployment rate tracks the national average , which is currently 3.9 % . That 's the lowest rate it 's been since 2000 and it 's expected to keep dropping through 2018 .
A $ 17 wage would also allow Mason to be picky with the people he hires , and according to a job description , those expectations are high .
A successful applicant , it reads , “ must love to smile & connect with people , make eye contact & speak enthusiastically ” and “ makes working hard and delivering high standards look easy and effortless , enabling others to be efficient and effortless as well . ”
The lovely Lisa Haydon stunned her followers by having a complete makeover as she went platinum blonde and carried her new hairdo like a boss ! The leggy lass was never afraid to experiment with her looks during her single days and thankfully , continued it even after having a baby .
Check out Lisa Haydon 's platinum blonde look and hairstyle below !
Top 10 U.S. cities for employee happiness
New data from employer review site Kununu reveals where you work geographically can have a huge impact on your career happiness .
It 's common knowledge that where you work -- meaning who employs you -- impacts your happiness . But according to new data from employee review site Kununu , your workplace happiness is also affected by location , location , location .
Kununu analyzed 194,645 employee reviews from 2016 and took the average across four user-rating categories : Support from management , challenging work , office/workplace environment and teamwork . They used these average scores to rank the happiest cities in the U.S. and create the Career Happiness Index .
While the index includes data across all industries , it 's important to note that seven out of the top 10 cities are startup hubs and technology-centric hotspots , and most include technology in their top industries . Here are the top ten U.S. cities with the happiest employees .
1 . Cambridge , Massachusetts
Surprisingly , a Silicon Valley city is n't at the top of the list . Unsurprisingly , Cambridge , which is a tech hotspot and a startup hub in its own right , claims that top honor . The top three industries in Cambridge , according to the survey , are Technology/Media , Education and Healthcare .
2 . Palo Alto , California
Another not-so-surprising result , considering Palo Alto 's one of the major cites in Silicon Valley . The top three industries in Palo Alto are Technology/Media , Healthcare and Education , according to the survey .
3 . San Francisco , California
Like its neighboring Silicon Valley , San Francisco boasts all manner of tech startups and innovative companies . The top three industries in the City by the Bay are business services , healthcare and construction . The city also passed a comprehensive paid leave law in 2016 , requiring private employers in the city to offer their employees six weeks of fully paid parental leave .
4 . Columbus , Ohio
Surprised ? You should n't be . Columbus is home to the corporate headquarters of retail giants Abercrombie & Fitch and The Limited , among others . The top three industries are business services , government and healthcare , according to the research .
5 . Oakland , California
Like its neighbor , San Francisco , Oakland is home to progressive culture and lots of growing businesses . And they have reason to be happy : Unemployment rates in the Bay area are at a 15-year low . The top three industries in Oakland are travel and trade , business services and healthcare .
6 . Framingham , Massachusetts
A western suburb of Boston ( and the headquarters of CIO 's parent company IDG ) , Framingham is part of the growing tech corridor outside the city . The top three industries are healthcare , retail and education .
7 . Burbank , California
Burbank is home to movie studios , next door to Hollywood and just a few miles outside of Los Angeles . The top three industries in the city are entertainment , retail and healthcare , according to Kununu 's data .
1 2 Next Page
The Gate of Other World
－－－－－－－－－－－－－－－－－－－
Copyright : Tencent ( The following content is copyrighted by Tencent )
Project Producer : TENCENT SNG DMC
Illustration : guihuahuzi
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — Police have identified the man killed outside Long 's Bakery on the city 's west side over the weekend .
Jeffrey Burden , 32 , was shot and killed Saturday evening . Police have not made an arrest , nor have they announced suspect information .
Burden 's death marks the 28th homicide of 2018 in Indianapolis , according to IMPD . Jasmine Moore was shot and killed near that location last July , and another person was injured in a shooting at the adjacent Sunset Strip bar just weeks ago . But to loved ones , Burden was more than just a statistic .
Monday was quiet on Tremont Street . But to the side of the road , on a sidewalk , the silence was broken — not with noise but a heartbreaking reminder . A memorial marks the spot where Burden was gunned down .
Africa Johnson dropped off balloons . “ I ca n't sleep . So , I got up and went and bought that stuff to come and sit out here , ” she said .
Burden was n't just a friend ; Johnson said he was more like family . She does n't understand why anyone would take his life .
“ Very senseless . I 'm just like , there was nothing that he could 've did that bad for you to take his life , ” she said .
According to Johnson , Burden worked around the clock as a forklift operator for Fastenal .
“ It 's not like he was out in the streets living a life of crime or living street life . He was going to work . He was a hard worker , ” she said .
But that did n't stop the suspect from pulling out a gun and firing multiple shots . Police spent Saturday investigating but have not been able to apprehend a suspect . Johnson is hoping people will step forward and break the silence .
“ A lot of people stick to that street code and no snitching . But , it 's like , ‘ Do you stick to it when it 's your loved ones ? ' ” she cried .
If you have any information that could help in this investigation , call Crime Stoppers at 317-262-TIPS .
Moon Alert
Until 10 PM EST tonight ( 7 PM PST ) , we have the “ all clear ” today to shop and do business . The Moon is in Virgo .
Aries ( March 21-April 19 )
Avoid controversial subjects like politics , religion and racial issues . This is also a poor day to get involved in matters related to the media , publishing , medicine and the law because there is confusion . Try to sit this one out today . Stay frosty .
Taurus ( April 20-May 20 )
You might be disappointed in someone 's contribution or how they divide something with you . In fact , this disappointment could lead to a rift or a split with a friend or partner . It 's plain hard to cooperate with others today . It 's just one of those days . Sheesh !
Gemini ( May 21-June 20 )
Keep a low profile and do n't get involved in discussions with a friend or partner because things could go South in a New York minute and suddenly , you 're talking about throwing in the towel . There 's just too much confusion today ! And in this confusion , people are disappointed with each other . Steer clear of this .
Cancer ( June 21-July 22 )
Be careful with health issues today or something related to your job . You might think you see things clearly or that you have all the facts – but you do n't . Things are just a bit off kilter in your communications with others . Play it safe and take a backseat .
Leo ( July 23-Aug. 22 )
Romance might disappoint you today . It will create misunderstandings and confusion . Likewise , relations with children might also be subject to confusion and misunderstandings . Therefore , do n't get on your high horse about anything . Be gentle and cut others some slack .
Virgo ( Aug. 23-Sept. 22 )
Confusion on the home front does not bode well for family discussions today . Assume nothing ! Be forgiving . It 's easy to be disappointed in others today . Be careful because misunderstandings can lead to unnecessary breakups and problems .
Libra ( Sept. 23-Oct. 22 )
You might spend a lot of time daydreaming today . Do n't worry about this . But you might also be disappointed in relations with a sibling , relative or a daily contact because your expectations were unrealistic . For that matter , did you communicate what your expectations even were ?
Scorpio ( Oct. 23-Nov. 21 )
This is a poor day for financial matters because there is too much confusion in the air . In addition , there is a sort of psychological disappointment in situations , partners and coworkers . Good financial decisions should be based on a positive framework . Postpone major purchases today .
Sagittarius ( Nov. 22-Dec. 21 )
You might be so disappointed in someone today that you want to end the relationship . ( This might be extreme . ) Nevertheless , you should know that there is an element of confusion today . Perhaps your expectations were unrealistic ? Always remember : Unexpressed expectations always lead to disappointment .
Capricorn ( Dec. 22-Jan. 19 )
You might feel a bit like you are lost in the fog today . You might be indecisive and not sure what to do or who to believe . Knowing this , at least decide to take no action . You 're not prepared to make a sensible , strong decision because there 's just too much fog !
Aquarius ( Jan. 20-Feb. 18 )
A friend might disappoint you today . Perhaps you 're disappointed in a group ? Either way , relations with others are dicey today and confusing , which simply means do n't expect too much from others . ( Hey , they might be disappointed in you , too . ) Tread carefully .
Pisces ( Feb. 19-March 20 )
This is not an ideal day for important discussions with bosses and parents . People are quick to jump to the wrong conclusions . Furthermore , they are not genuinely enthusiastic about the interaction . It 's as if everything is vague and too wishy-washy . ( “ What am I doing here ? Beam me up , Scotty ! ” )
If Your Birthday Is Today
Actor/director Kenneth Branagh ( 1960 ) shares your birthday today . You are friendly , charismatic , generous and very perceptive . People like your confidence . This is a year full of excitement and change ! Opportunities will present themselves , and when they do , you must act fast . Your personal freedom will be a top priority . You will also travel this year and do things to expand your horizons . Enjoy this busy , fast-paced year !
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Presidential Communications Operations Office ( Pcoo ) Secretary Martin Andanar led to paglusad dinhe in bohol in pagkigbatok in the fake news nga program in some carried .
The Paglusad made in bohol tropics resort dinhe in tagbilaran this afternoon , June 22 , 2018 and gitambongan it in municipal , provincial , city and national government informations officer .
Andanar was born in Garcia-Hernandez , Bohol and he was very happy to have visited the bohol .
Severe thunderstorm watch canceled for this evening
hello
The severe thunderstorm watch originally scheduled to last until 8 p.m. was canceled early as the storms moved out of the area .
Cook , DuPage , Kane , McHenry , Lake , Will and many other northern Illinois counties were part of the watch from the National Weather Service in Chicago . There also was a warning for DuPage , Will and parts of Kane and Cook counties that lasted until 5:45 p.m .
Storms dropped heavy rains especially in DuPage County and the Fox Valley .
The weather service overall issued a hazardous weather outlook warning of an elevated thunderstorm risk over the next few days . It says there 's also a limited tornado risk , and elevated risk of hail up to the size of a half dollar , elevated risk of winds up to 65 mph , and elevated flooding risk .
The risk of storms continues the rest of the week and through the weekend , and Tuesday , the service says .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Norwegian 's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The descendants of Selkirk-based photographers Andrew and Robert Edwards travelled to the Royal Burgh last week for the launch of a new book which triumphs their work .
As we reported last week , the book has been put together by Souter Janis Cornwall , who jumped at the chance of collating the archive , with the help of the Selkirk Regeneration Company .
Jean Wood and friends watch the slideshow of photographs in the book
The father and son ran their family business in the Royal Burgh from 1879-1965 – and their family came from as far afield as Jura , Devon and Kirkcaldy to see the 250-page book , crammed with more than 450 old photos covering Selkirk and the Borders , unveiled to the public .
Janis said : “ This book was the heart 's desire of first Bessie Chick ( Robert 's daughter ) and her daughter Cathy Chick .
“ The book was very highly praised by all who saw it and is now currently on sale at Bookworm and Forest Bookstore in Selkirk , as well as The Picture Framer , Lawyers Brae , Galashiels . ”
Pensacon has become an annual tradition for thousands of people in the region in a short time . This year marks the convention 's forth year and Pensacon Founder and CEO Mike Ensley says it continues to grow . `` Ticket sales are trending upward , so that 's a good sign . And we 've added that fifth venue so we 've got so many places downtown taking part in this now . I think it 's going to be a great weekend . ''
That fifth venue is the Pensacola Little Theater , which will host various celebrity panels and other presentations over the weekend . It joins the Bay Center , The Grand Hotel , The Rex Theater and the Saenger Theater as Pensacon continues to increase its footprint in downtown . Ensley says the celebrity guests are still the big draw . `` We 've got a good selection of Walking Dead guests [ this year ] headlined by Scott Wilson , who was Herschel on the Walking Dead . I think Henry Winkler was a great addition ! I think people were really excited about that . I think he crosses so many generations and has had a great , stellar career . [ Also ] those guys from the CW DC shows [ like ] Michael Rowe and John Westly Shipp and Matt Ryan . '' Ensley also says the writers and artists from comics and novels are a big draw every year .
Other guests include Walter Koenig from the original Star Trek , Gates McFadden from Star Trek The Next Generation , Terry Farrell and Rene Auberjonois from Deep Space 9 , as well as guests from the X-Files , Star Wars , the Harry Potter movies , and Doctor Who . The addition of the Pensacola Little Theater as a venue this year means changes at the Bay Center . `` The floor of the Bay Center will obviously be our vendor area which it has always been . On the second floor we used to hold panels on one side and celebrities on the other . Now we are putting celebrities [ on both sides ] . '' Those smaller , fan based panels which used to be held in the Bay center will now be moved over to the Grand Hotel while all celebrity panels will be held at the Rex , Saenger or Pensacola Little Theater .
Ensley says the Pensacon trolleys will be running again this year to take people with Pensacon passes around town to the various venues free of charge . And many of the bars and restaurants are having Pensacon themed specials and parties throughout the weekend , including Friday evening which will be gallery night downtown . Pensacon 2017 is this Friday , Saturday , and Sunday throughout downtown Pensacola . Activities begin Friday at 1 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday mornings at 10 .
VICTORIA — British Columbia 's Conservation Officer Service reports more than 20,000 conflicts between humans and wildlife around the province between January and October of this year .
Environment Ministry spokesman Mike Badry says about 14,000 of those complaints involve confrontations with black bears .
He says 469 bruins , or approximately one bear in every 30 complaints , had to be destroyed .
Spring and early summer produced the greatest number of complaints about bears , but Badry says the confrontations have tailed off , making 2017 an average year for complaints about wildlife .
He warns that confrontations could increase because bears are now focused on finding as much food as possible before they hibernate .
Homeowners are urged to secure all food sources , such as garbage or compost and to ensure fruit trees are picked clean .
`` These bears are trying to put on weight for denning throughout the winter , so they are highly motivated to find food , '' Badry says .
`` That is where we really put the emphasis on attractant management . '' ( CKIZ )
The Canadian Press
Newspaper Distributors Association of Nigeria ( NDAN ) , Rivers State Chapter has petitioned the police in the state over allegation of incessant harassment , intimidation , arrest , extortion and detention of newspaper vendors in the state .
In an eight-paragraph petition addressed to the state police commissioner and signed by NDAN 's secretary , Mr Imoh Micah , the vendors said categorically that if the alleged excesses of the police persist and the extorted sum of N10,000 was not returned to one of them ( Mr Ifeanyi Ibeh ) , “ we will not hesitate to stage a peaceful protest and involve our national body to withdraw all vendors from the streets nationwide ” .
Giving reasons for the vendors ' action , Imoh recalled that only last year , a female vendor was beaten and assaulted by a mobile police officer attached to the urban development operation team at Artillery junction and later dumped at Olu Obasanjo Police Station only to be released on the intervention of the Police Public Relations Officer ( PPRO ) in the state .
As if that was not enough , he added that the vendors claimed that their members were banned from selling newspapers at Elelenwo junction on the alleged instruction from Elelenwo Police Division even when other goods were displayed at the same junction .
According to Imoh , another female vendor was detained for three days at UST police station last year on the claim that “ the police failed to investigate properly ” .
He also noted that on daily basis , vendors umbrellas were destroyed by police from Rumuokoro Division .
At Oyigbo junction , NDAN narrated that three vendors were arrested and detained for three days only to be released on payment of N20,000 per vendor with an undertaking prohibiting them from selling any newspaper at the junction anymore .
He wondered if there is any law in Rivers State forbidding newspaper sales by vendors at any location by the police , saying that vendors are law-abiding , self-employed , serving the public and being the last batch of the press .
The group noted that newspaper vendors played critical role in information gathering and dissemination and expressed reservation that they ( newspaper vendors ) had been made by the police to look like criminals and being treated as such .
The NDAN 's secretary , however , appealed to police to investigate the alleged N10,000 collected from one Ifeanyi Ibeh as bail fee even when the police say that bail is free , while passionately appealing to the police to stop harassing innocent vendors and allow them to do their services diligently to the public including them , the police .
Ima-Obong Udofia & Tamunobubeleye Markson
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch was n't shy Monday about making his voice heard as he took his seat on the bench for the first time to hear arguments .
The new justice took less than 15 minutes before asking questions during an employment discrimination case . Gorsuch and his colleagues were hearing cases for the first time since President Donald Trump 's pick was sworn in April 10 .
The case before the justices involved a technical issue about the process for a federal worker to appeal his discrimination claim . Gorsuch asked the worker 's lawyer Christopher Landau four questions in a row about the wording of a statute , saying he was “ sorry for taking up so much time . ”
Gorsuch later sparred with Justice Department lawyer Brian Fletcher over the meaning of the Civil Service Reform Act , sticking to his reputation for focusing on the text of the law .
“ Would n't it be a lot easier if we just followed the plain text of the statute , ” Gorsuch asked .
It was the first of three hour-long arguments the high court was set to hear on Monday . The court is back to its full contingent of nine members after being short-handed since Justice Antonin Scalia 's death more than 14 months ago .
The session started with Chief Justice John Roberts welcoming Gorsuch and wishing him “ a long and happy career in our common calling . ”
Gorsuch responded briefly to thank Roberts for the “ warm welcome . ”
Gorsuch took his seat at the end of the bench next to Justice Sonia Sotomayor , with the two sharing a laugh together before arguments began .
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates — An inter-faith group of residents living in Bahrain who are visiting Israel has issued a statement saying it does n't represent the government in Manama or any of the kingdom 's authorities .
Their visit has stirred uproar on social media over the timing of their trip following the Trump administration 's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital last week .
The group said in a statement carried by the state-run Bahrain News Agency on Sunday that it “ does not represent any official entity ” from Bahrain .
The group , which also has Americans and British nationals , includes Buddhists , Christians , Hindus , Jews and Muslims .
The group 's members have said they are travelling on their own initiative .
Many Bahrainis and others on Twitter criticized the visit in the wake of President Donald Trump 's move on Jerusalem .
Who Is Afraid Of Daddy-Freeze ? -By Femi Aribisala
Nothing in recent memory seems to have affected the bank-balances of Nigerian pastors as Daddy Freeze 's exposure of the deception of tithing in the churches . Nigerian tithe-collecting pastors are up in arms , throwing every possible missile at him , including death threats . Daddy Freeze Jesus says : “ Whoever desires to save his life will lose it. ” ( Matthew 16:25 ) .
Since Freeze 's exposure , tithe-collecting pastors have been spouting fire and brimstone , hopelessly trying to save their lives .
Death threats
The assault on Freeze brings to mind the assault of Jewish pastors on Jesus when he also exposed their deception and hypocrisy . The upshot of this was the decision to have Jesus killed with extreme prejudice . Similarly , Daddy Freeze says a pastor , whose church he attended for 11 good tithe-paying years , has placed a death sentence on him for preaching against tithing .
The pastor “ prophesied ” that Freeze would die within 2 years . Jesus says : “ An evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart brings forth evil . For out of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaks. ” ( Luke 6:45 ) . You can easily tell that this so-called pastor is a charlatan masquerading as a child of God . Not only does he curse his enemies contrary to the way of Christ , even his curses are fake . Otherwise , why wait for two years for Freeze to die ? Why not kill him right now ?
Apostle Suleiman
Perhaps that anonymous pastor learnt a lesson from another endangered tithe-collector : self-styled Apostle Suleiman . The “ apostle ” exposed himself by foolishly prophesying that Nasir El-Rufai , the Governor of Kaduna State , would die within two weeks . Unfortunately for him , the Governor obstinately refused to die . “ Apostle ” Suleiman is so riled up over Daddy Freeze 's preachments against tithing , he announced the decision to raise his tithe from 10 % to 30 % in retaliation . Clearly , the “ apostle ” needs to go back to bible school . So doing , he would learn that a tithe is 10 % and can never be 30 % . Rather than boast publicly about fictitious increases in his tithes , his eminence the “ apostle ” should endeavour to listen to Jesus : “ Be careful not to do your ‘ acts of righteousness ' before men , to be seen by them . If you do , you will have no reward from your Father in heaven. ” ( Matthew 6:1 ) . “ When you give to the needy , do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing , so that your giving may be in secret .
Then your Father , who sees what is done in secret , will reward you. ” ( Matthew 6:3-4 ) .
Paul Adefarasin
On his part , tithe-collecting Paul Adefarasin took the whole debate to stratospheric levels , the better to make tithing unassailable to fastidious bible scholars . He said : “ God created the universe , he took a tithe : the Milky Way . God created the Milky Way , he took a tithe : the Galaxy . God created the Galaxy , he took a tithe : our Solar System . God created the Solar System , he took a tithe : Planet Earth . God created the Planet Earth , he took a tithe : Israel . God created Israel , he took a tithe : Jerusalem. ” At this juncture , I began to wonder if it could equally be postulated that God created Lagos , he took a tithe : Adefarasin 's House on the Rock ! Whoever heard of God paying tithes ? By the time the erudite pastor waxed lyrical and refashioned Jesus as : “ a tithe , holding a tithe , going into a tithe , ” his congregation could not bear it any longer . They burst into wild applause which I took to mean : “ This pastor of ours is just too much ! ”
Matthew Ashimolowo
But the response to Freeze that took the cake came from Matthew Ashimolowo of Kingsway International Christian Centre . He felt so threatened by Daddy Freeze , he dropped his mask of holiness and became abusive . He told Daddy Freeze to “ Shut up ! ” Said Ashimolowo “ ex-cathedra : ” “ Some bunch of yo-yos somewhere should not determine what we believe . Some guy who beats his wife , throws her out , throws his children out of the house should not determine what we believe . Not only that , he broke his own son 's knees while trying to defend his wife . Not only that , he drinks alcohol , sleeps with women and he is trying to preach to preacher ? ” But , while we are on the subject , should Ashimolowo himself be telling anybody what to believe ? Not according to Jesus . Jesus says : “ Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother 's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye ? How can you say to your brother , ‘ Let me take the speck out of your eye , ' when all the time there is a plank in your own eye ? You hypocrite , first take the plank out of your own eye , and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother 's eye. ” ( Matthew 7:3-5 ) . Ashimolowo ” s hypocrisy is mind-boggling . Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones .
Wealth transfer
Some years back , Ashimolowo advertised a crusade in Port Harcourt , captioned “ The Coming Wealth Transfer. ” This was based on the spurious pie-in-the-sky notion that God is soon going to transfer the wealth of non-Christians to Christians . However , officials of the Charity Commission in England , an organisation which routinely polices the affairs of nominally non-profit organisations including churches , detected a more genuine wealth transfer taking place in Ashimolowo 's KICC . That wealth transfer was not from God to the members of Ashimolowo 's church : it was from members of the church to Ashimolowo .
The Commission discovered “ serious misconduct and mismanagement ” in the finances of KICC . It alleged that hundreds of thousands of pounds were dubiously transferred overseas . A £120,000 birthday party was given for Ashimolowo , out of which £80,000 was used to buy him a spanking Mercedes-Benz . It was also reported that Ashimolowo used the church 's visa card to buy a timeshare apartment in Florida . Should a man with this questionable CV tell Christians what they should believe and give ? You be the judge .
The Commission maintained Ashimolowo acted as both trustee and paid employee of KICC , in contravention of British charity law . He allegedly approved suspicious payments and benefits to himself and his wife made to his private companies operated illegally from church premises . As a result of these irregularities , KICC was placed in the hands of receivers , new trustee managers were appointed and Ashimolowo was asked to repay £200,000 to the church . The upshot of this was that Ashimolowo relocated temporarily to Nigeria , where he started preaching about “ Sweat-less Wealth , ” and “ Twenty-Four Hour Miracles . ”
The latter required the gullible to give their monies , cars , televisions , stereos , cell-phones and even the Certificates of Occupancy of their houses to preachers in order to receive fictitious financial windfalls from heaven within 24 hours . A few of my acquaintances were scammed at these 419 “ crusades . ”
Deceived-deceivers
God says : “ Among my people are found wicked men ; they lie in wait as one who sets snares ; they set a trap ; they catch men. ” ( Jeremiah 5:26 ) . Daddy Freeze has put these tithe-collecting fraudsters on the warpath , fighting to defend their bank-balances . Surely , he did not expect them to surrender their meal-tickets without a fight . Who is afraid of Daddy Freeze ? Thief- and-robber pastors . The fear of Daddy Freeze is the beginning of mischief in Nigerian churches .
Related
Comments
comments
Ben McAdoo 's mantra , often repeated , is to assemble a team of punishers .
“ We 're going to be a physical , heavy-handed football team , ” he said this summer , repeating the vow he made when he was named head coach , a vow that might as well be printed on his business cards .
Those cards need to be updated , or shredded . No team ranked 31st in the NFL in rushing offense and 28th in run defense can consider itself heavy-handed .
“ When other teams play the New York Giants , I do n't think they fear us , '' Jason Pierre-Paul said Thursday after a practice he did not participate in because of a sprained shoulder . “ The only way to change that is to go out and win the game . ”
No wins mean no fear .
“ Why should they ? ” Damon “ Snacks '' Harrison said . “ They 've been able to run the ball with some consistency . Until we stop the run , I do n't think anybody will fear us . ”
Heavy-headed strikes fear in opponents . The Giants of 2017 bring their feathery touch into Sunday 's lightweight pillow fight with the Chargers , an East Coast 0-4 outfit going against the West Coast version , misery enjoying company at MetLife Stadium .
Heavy-handed on offense means running the ball down their throats , finishing blocks , mauling for a few extra yards , starting fast , with a purposeful punch . Not this : Only the Giants and Bills have yet to score in the first quarter .
For this team , worst is first . The opening possession in each game has set an immediate , dismal tone . The sum totals of the four opening series : Two first downs , 37 yards , three three-and-outs , two sacks of Eli Manning , three Paul Perkins runs of zero or negative yards . McAdoo needs a rewrite of whatever scripts he is using at the start of these games .
“ Did I know we have n't scored any points in the first quarter of any game ? '' asked offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan . “ Yeah , I 'm well aware of it . There 's no doubt we ca n't wait until the second quarter or the third quarter of the fourth quarter to get things going . It certainly has been an area of emphasis this week . ''
There is nothing heavy-handed about his offense , once again operating without a true fullback , once again unable to establish any forceful push up-front , once again not employing — or , at least , not featuring — a running back willing or able to knock anyone on his butt .
Not everything can be changed here , but one change McAdoo should make : Start Wayne Gallman , the rookie banger from Clemson .
It is on defense where the “ heavy-handed football team '' decree got lost in translation . Of all the issues facing this team , the decline of the run defense is most egregious .
“ Their run defense has been so bad , '' former Giants quarterback Phil Simms said on CBS Sports Network . “ The one thing I took for granted from the Giants this year was that I thought this defense was going to be overwhelming , and if the offense does n't carry its weight , they still could get it done . And their run defense , oh my God . That 's impossible to overcome as a football team . Your run defense is bad . Your whole team is in trouble . ''
Defensive tackle Jay Bromley , asked to define “ heavy-handed '' as it relates to defense , said , “ Heavy-handed means you 're physical . Not being any kind of pushover . ''
The Giants have been some kind of pushovers . Defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo alternated using the words “ befuddled '' and “ crappy '' and “ disease ” to describe various shabby aspects of his unit as he described what he wants to see with a “ simplified ” approach .
“ To me , defensive football , when it 's simplified , is simply running to the football and tackling , '' Spagnuolo said . “ Now , tackling takes a little bit of talent , but running to the football , being 11 getting there , being hungry and aggressive — that does n't . That 's just desire . ''
The desire for a heavy-handed team remains unfulfilled . The Giants through four games are between a rock and a hard place because soft teams do not win often , or at all .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
TRENTON ( CBSMiami/AP ) — Less than a week later , it still a hard story to follow .
Two Florida sheriff 's deputies who were gunned down at a Chinese restaurant last week have been laid to rest .
Alachua County Sheriff 's spokesman Sgt . Brett Rhodenizer says funeral services concluded Tuesday afternoon for Gilchrist County Sheriff 's Sgt . Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey at Bronson Cemetery .
A viewing had been held earlier at Bell Middle/High School in Trenton . A final call for both deputies by their badge numbers was broadcast over the dispatch radio channel .
Authorities say 58-year-old John Hubert Highnote shot Ramirez and Lindsey on Thursday at the Ace China restaurant in Trenton . He then went to his car and killed himself .
Sheriff Bobby Schultz blamed the deaths on hatred toward law enforcement . State Attorney Bill Cervone added “ we may never have an answer . ”
Trenton is in northern Florida , about 35 miles ( 56 kilometers ) west of Gainesville .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Zuma , Barclays , United and the value of employees who say no
( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite , File ) . FILE - In this March 8 , 2017 file photo , House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington . Scalise was shot Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , ...
By MATTHEW DALY and MELINDA DESLATTEAssociated Press
BATON ROUGE , La . ( AP ) - Rep. Steve Scalise , a member of the House Republican leadership , is known for his love of baseball and the late-night meals he often serves his colleagues in his office near the Capitol 's ornate Statuary Hall .
Scalise , the No . 3 House Republican , was shot Wednesday along with several others during a GOP baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia . He was in stable condition .
An avid sports fan , Scalise distributed commemorative baseball bats to fellow members when he ran for the leadership post in 2014 . The Louisiana conservative was elected majority whip , the job of chief vote counter for the GOP leadership team .
His campaign for the whip job had a Louisiana flair that included distribution of `` Geaux Scalise '' T-shirts and a Cajun dinner with sausage , oysters and gumbo .
Scalise , 51 , was first elected to the House in 2008 and served as chairman of the Republican Study Committee , a group of conservatives , before becoming whip in the leadership shuffle that followed the surprise defeat of then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a Republican primary .
In his whip campaign , he boasted about his conservative credentials and pointed out that he 'd be the only GOP leader from the South , which had a major role in giving Republicans their largest House majority in decades .
At the time of the shooting , the lawmakers were preparing for an annual congressional game scheduled for Thursday night .
Scalise , who was shot in the hip , was transported to a Washington hospital and underwent surgery .
`` Prior to entering surgery , the whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone . He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police , first responders and colleagues , '' his office said in a statement .
Scalise has forged a close relationship with President Donald Trump , working together on the House health care bill and a pending effort to overhaul the tax code .
Trump , in remarks from the White House , called Scalise `` a very good friend '' and said , `` He 's a patriot , and he 's a fighter . He will recover from this assault . ''
As the No . 3 House Republican , Scalise has a security detail assigned to him at all times . Lawmakers who were at the practice said the shootings could have been much worse if the security detail had not been there .
Scalise represents a district that includes some New Orleans suburbs and bayou parishes . Before entering Congress , he was a lawmaker in Louisiana for eight years . His signature legislation included a film industry tax credit program aimed at helping Louisiana become `` Hollywood South '' and a constitutional amendment outlawing gay marriage .
As a state lawmaker , Scalise built relationships with people of diverse views , even as he maintained a rock-solid conservative voting record . One of his closest friends remains Rep. Cedric Richmond , a New Orleans Democrat who leads the Congressional Black Caucus and befriended Scalise when the two were both in the state House .
Rep. Ralph Abraham , R-La. , described Scalise as a great leader who is the go-to person for the state 's congressional delegation .
`` Any time we need anything , we go to Steve and he makes it happen , '' Abraham said .
Scalise faced questions last year about some of his Louisiana ties . Six months after his election as whip , it came to light that he had spoken in 2002 to a white supremacist group founded by Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke . Scalise apologized for the speech and said he was unaware of the group 's racial philosophy when he agreed to speak as a state legislator .
`` I reject bigotry of all forms , '' Scalise said then .
A fun-loving , unabashed champion for Louisiana 's culture and food , Scalise is known as someone who likes to have a good time just as much as he likes rough-and-tumble politics . He returns to the Louisiana legislature every year during session to revisit the House and Senate chambers where he once worked and mingle with his former colleagues , quick with hugs and handshakes .
Scalise is so unassuming and low-key that Louisiana politicians have often joked about his security detail .
`` I 've seen him a couple of times like in the Superdome and I often wondered , 'Well , why in the hell did he have all those security people with him ? '' said Louisiana Senate President John Alario .
`` I see why now , '' Alario added . `` It was an abundance of caution . I 'm glad they did it . ''
Scalise and his wife , Jennifer , have two children .
___
Associated Press writer Kevin McGill in Metairie , Louisiana , contributed to this story .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — Sentencing is set Wednesday morning for a former Minneapolis police officer found guilty of sexually assaulting a woman after a night of drinking .
In late April , Thomas Robert Tichich , 48 , was found guilty of two counts of third-degree criminal sexual conduct in connection to the December 2016 incident . Following the verdict , Tichich was fired from the police department .
According to a criminal complaint , Tichich was drinking in northeast Minneapolis on Dec. 16 , 2016 , with two women , one of which invited her companions to stay at her nearby home because they had had too much to drive . Tichich was told he could sleep on a small couch while the women slept separately , one in her bed and the other on a couch in another room .
In the middle of the night , Tichich allegedly knocked on the bedroom door of the woman who invited him over , and she told him to go back to the small couch .
Later , the woman told police that she woke up to find Tichich touching her arm . She said she yelled at Tichich , told him to get out and went to another room . She tried to sleep , but could n't .
Unable to rest , the woman went to tell Tichich to leave . But when she got up to look for him , she found him naked , leaning over the other woman , who was unconscious on the couch .
The woman took photos of Tichich , the complaint states . She then ordered Tichich to leave and called police . The man left without his shoes or his phone .
When officers arrived , they had trouble waking the victim . When she did come to , the woman was “ confused and did not understand what was happening , ” the complaint states . She said she did not consent to anything sexual with Tichich , nor had she had any past relationship with him .
The next day , Tichich emailed the woman who kicked him out , asking if she had is phone . He added : “ My drunk ass had way to ( sic ) much to drink . I apologize . ”
In court , Tichich testified that the sex was consensual .
Tichich could face up to 15 years in prison per charge .
He will be sentenced at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday in Hennepin County by Judge Tamara Garcia .
Klaus Kleinfeld quits Arconic after battle with Elliott
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
DEAR AMY : I have a son , “ Brendan , ” but I did n't meet him until just before his ninth birthday . His mother raised him as if I never existed . He was told another man was his father .
Once we met and he began visiting me regularly , I realized that she had basically “ flipped the script , ” and that all of her problems , and all of the bad things she had done in her life were assigned to me : I was the abuser . I was the person who slept around . I was the bad student .
My best qualities were assigned to her .
This narrative is diabolical .
It hurt me to hear my son tell me these things , but I followed the advice I read about not speaking negatively about her in front of him .
Once he turned 15 and more fabrications were invented , he questioned me , and I finally told him the truth .
During that time , I moved several states away . He visited me in the summer .
He stopped visiting at 16 . He does not acknowledge his baby brother or sister . He calls them “ your children. ” His mother will not acknowledge me or my children to him .
He is graduating from high school , and I will not be invited . We hardly ever talk anymore on the phone .
I 'm just not sure what to do at this point . Should I just wait for him to figure out who is the liar ?
Devastated Dad
DEAR DEVASTATED : You need to understand that in addition to his mother 's gas lighting , your ( more recent ) family system will have affected your son 's attitude toward you .
Your son is being raised by a toxic liar . He had a few years of closeness with you , and then you moved and now you have other people in your life . Any teenager would have questions about where he fit in your life , and this teenager has extreme challenges .
One way for you to be a great father would be for you to look at things through his eyes , and understand that if he is aligned with his mother , then he really has no choice but to reject you . He lives in a household where rejecting you is required .
Send your son a letter and a gift for his graduation . Include pictures of his siblings ( maybe in a photograph , the two little ones can hold signs saying , “ Congratulations , Brendan ! ” ) , and tell him that with these young children around , you realize how much you missed by not being in his life when he was a little boy . Basically , be the open-hearted , proud and loving dad you want him to have . Down the road , if you two have a decent relationship , various truths will be revealed over time . Your goal should be to stay in his life until he matures and can start to make some decisions on his own .
DEAR AMY : A family member is getting married . The bride and groom decided that they do not want children at the wedding or reception . However , they have made no provisions to provide babysitting for the several out-of-town relatives who have young children .
They have also not even offered to help those out-of-town relatives locate a babysitter . Consequently , those relatives have chosen to stay home and not attend the wedding .
Any suggestions on how this should have been handled ?
Concerned Aunt
DEAR AUNT : An obvious solution would have been for out-of-town family members to bring along their own competent babysitters , who could watch the kids at the hotel while the adults were at the wedding and reception .
If all the parents shared the expense , it would keep the cost down .
Want Ask Amy delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays ?
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here .
DEAR AMY : I have just attended my second wedding in a row where the couple was married by a recently “ ordained by the internet in 10 minutes ” officiant .
With wedding season upon us , I 'd like to offer this reminder : When the bride enters , all stand . The congregation is welcomed , and then should be asked to , “ please be seated . ”
In both weddings , they never said this , and as a result the congregation stood for the whole lengthy thing .
There were octogenarians with bad hips , short people who could n't see a thing , etc .
Usually these fly-by-night officiants are inexperienced , and are so worried about their own performance that they are oblivious to the crowd before them .
Please print this friendly reminder .
Still Standing
DEAR STANDING : I attended an overly long event recently , and when one speaker said , “ In closing… ” everyone burst into applause . Thank you for this wedding tip .
You can contact Amy Dickinson via email : askamy @ amydickinson.com . Readers may send postal mail to Ask Amy , P.O . Box 194 , Freeville , NY 13068 . You can also follow her on Twitter @ askingamy or “ like ” her on Facebook .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rickshaws are popular modes of transport in many major cities around the world
Irish Transport Minister Shane Ross has proposed a ban on rickshaws following a number of safety concerns .
He was before the Oireachtas ( Irish parliament ) transport committee to discuss regulation of rickshaws .
The passenger carts have become popular modes of transport in the Republic , but a recent survey found that only 8.3 % of respondents believed rickshaw operation should remain the same .
Mr Ross will now consult with the attorney general about an outright ban .
`` I have deep concerns about public safety with rickshaws on our streets , '' said Mr Ross .
Image caption Shane Ross said many rickshaw drivers were too dangerous for the roads
`` We have all seen them - blocking footpaths and forcing pedestrians onto the road , weaving recklessly in and out of traffic . ''
He said those operating the rickshaws often showed `` little or no heed for the rules of the road , breaking red lights and driving the wrong way up a one-way street '' .
Near misses
In a public inquiry conducted by the National Transport Association , a wide range of issues were reported by those surveyed , including being offered drugs , the driver 's lack of English and aggressive behaviour . 57.5 % complained of accidents and near misses .
Mr Ross said that while many in the rickshaw industry have no involvement in criminality , `` it is a fact that over the past 18 months , 154 rickshaw drivers have been arrested in relation to Section 15 Misuse of Drugs Act - possession of a controlled drug for sale or supply - while operating as a rickshaw driver in the Pearse Street District alone . This is not acceptable . ''
Outright ban
Of the 95 submissions received , only two responses were positive , with one praising them for being environmentally friendly . 41 people called on an outright ban of rickshaws .
The majority of all respondents stated that changes to rickshaw usage in the Republic should be made .
`` It is clear to me that the choice is between a full and effective licensing regime and complete prohibition , '' said Mr Ross .
`` Retaining the status quo is not an option .
`` Regulation could be effective if implemented using comprehensive and tight controls , but this would come at a large cost .
`` Given the very small proportion of the market being served by rickshaws , the preferred approach is to opt for an outright ban . It is believed it will achieve the desired outcome of improved public safety at a proportionate cost for the taxpayer . ''
CCTC 2017 Fall Part-Time Dean 's List
Last Updated : February 1 , 2018 at 12:00 am
The Part-Time Dean 's List recognizes students who were enrolled in 6-11 credit hours and achieved at least a 3.5 grade point average for the term .
Berkeley County
Kristie M. Peterson
Clarendon County
Summer G. Barrett , Mary R. Barrineau , Ann B. Barwick , Danielle M. Bochette , Jordan D. Brown , Beverly E. Cummings , Tijwanna L. Dunbar , Ashley L. Estus , Anajah L. Gamble , Travis R. Goodrow , Bailey L. Gottheiner , Austin M. Harrington , Breanne J. Hickman , Shaniya B. Holliday , Joshua C. Jordan , Katelyn M. Kelley , Charity G. Lemon , Sara K. Nalley , Cynthia A. Osorio , Melissa Pendergrass , Amber N. Perdue , Kristian N. Pritchard , Bridgett T. Ragin , Jennifer N. Richburg , Caroline C. Robinson , Chasity Rodgers , Madison G. Sexton , Karmyn T. Shivers , Christine N. Thomas , Vaquan J. Wilder
Darlington County
Danisha J. Harris
Fairfield County
Keydra D. Goodwin
Florence County
Michael L. Morris , Coleman R. Richburg , Terri S. White
Georgetown County
David B. Howell
Kershaw County
Day'Shia C. Allen , Immanyel I. Ashe , Joseph B. Baird , Donovan M. Belton , Courtney R. Bowen , Jessica B. Bowers , Andrew P. Boyles , Tina M. Branham , Timothy D. Bray , Randall Brown , Kyle P. Cassidy , Anna L. Catoe , Lindsey B. Cobb , Kaitlyn N. Cook , Shameka I. Demeary , Davis E. Deniz , Bailey L. Douglas , Coy L. Griffin , Laken A . Gross , Joseph T. Haga , Kenneth M. Hancock , Charles S. Harris , Sarah E. Holston , Taylor M. Jones , Mohammad N. Kashmiri , Emily E. Kendall , Mary L. Kessler , William J. Laffin , Rachel E. Larsen , Garrett R. Lawson , Taylor A. Ludy , Lexes N. Matthews , Lindsay A. McRoy , Sarah E. Messer , Cailynn E. Miller , Matthew C. Mills , Mathan G. Mooneyhan , Khadija L. Murphy , Valerie N. Outlaw , Jordan L. Peebles , Mackenzie A. Pendleton , Zachary D. Plyler , Emalie K. Rabon , Jason D. Reeves , Paige T. Rice , Jonathan A. Richardson , Brenden D. Rivers , Janya T. Robinson , Krison J. Salley , Kaitlyn M. Salvage , Sharmaine M. Simmons , Gwendolyn R. Spivey , Madison G. Stockman , Aaron G. Turner , Charlotte D. Vaughn , Nyasa Z. Washington , Hannah N. Weibel , Trenton S. White , Kristian D. Williams , Jensen L. Williams , Tyesha S. Williams , Zechariah T. Willoughby , Jessamine L. Wilson
Lee County
Pelzer W. Beasley , William B. Bolinger , Hannah M. Davis , Zyquiel T. Ervin , Rebecca L. Feeney , Kalayiah T. Franklin , Wendlyn L. Frierson , Natalie F. Hallman , Aleshia L. Jenkins , Emma A. Logan , Mary K. Mozingo , Claire A. Parnell , Cassandra D. Ragin , Meagan C. Sims , Breon T. Stephens , Donna B. Stokes , Caroline M. Welch , Olivia D. Williams
Orangeburg County
Tara Summers
Pickens County
Michael S. Acosta
Richland County
Tristan S. Furrow , Graham C. Sclater , Jeremy Yates
Sumter County
Zavier A. Archie , Jessica H. Atkinson , John A. Aycock , Jordan A . Back , Loretta C. Baker-Yates , Brittany Basham , Matthew J. Beben , Cathleen Benenhaley , Christopher A. Benenhaley , Kayleigh J. Benenhaley , Britanie M. Benenhaley , Ke'Aundra A. Benjamin , Maggie E. Bennett , Craig T. Berberich , John W. Bracewell , Tatyana A. Bradley , Cassidy C. Brunson , Jeanna Anne Burrows , Dazjuan S. Butler , Hannah Carino , Daniel L. Carrillo , John R. Carter , Alhagi Cham , Ashley Clark , Crystal L. Clark , Phillip N. Coley , Tyrell D. Commander , Shy'Asia T. Commander , Shannon A. Consentino , Lashay L. Conyers , Anita A. Cookey-Gam , Angel M. Coonce , Courtney N. Crenshaw , Gavin J . Cross , Sydney R. Daniel , Daniel A. Davis , Tatianna A. Davis , Kenan B. Davis , Aaron M. Davis , Brooke E. Delbocca , Deonte A. Dennis , Tiffany N. Driggers , Leanna M. Duff , Aiyana M. Dukes , Ambri A. Edwards , Jaden K. English , Shaquita M. Epps , Nathan P. Farmer , Tierra K. Ferguson , La'Daijah S. Ferguson , Chasmin C. Fernandez , Zachariah Fierro , Tyeisha J. Francis , Linda Franklin , Ryleigh J. Freeman , Rachael A. Geddings , Matthew T. Gizzi , Aliyah S. Grady , Sherry A. Graves , Ashleigh Greene , Heather A. Greene , Aubrey B. Grimsley , Marsha D. Grinnell , Melanie J. Hill , Justina M. Hines , Janna N. Hodge , James W. Holladay , Shanikwa D. Holmes , Kaitlynn M. Horton , Gabrielle M. Huggins , Taja L. Hunley , Jaela N. Hunter , Tamara A. Irick , Susan Jackson , Indyia M. Jackson , Taylor J. Jahnke , JA'Breyah C. James , Audrey M. Johns , Patrick B. Johnson , Elizabeth C. Johnson , Abbey E. Johnson , Avery Jones , Haleigh Jordan , Garrett P. Jordan , Waverly E. Kelly , Quinteasha T. Kennedy , Elijah T. Kessinger , Michelle L. Key , Nycolaus King , Terrance J. Kirby , Ashley Y. Ko , Donita M. Lambie , Amanda L. Lamkin , Shaquan L. Leake , Helen M. Lee , Edward R. Lee , Amber V. Lehman , Brandy A. Lemmon , Marissa L. Lentz , Blaire E. Lewis , Hannah G. Lindsey , Deja S. Lint , Savanah M. Lujan , Derrick D. Mack , Gerald M. Mallard , Caetlyn Martin , Kenyatta D. Martin , Jose E. Martinez-Castillo , Jonah F. McCabe , Keonna L. McElveen , Nai'Ja A. McFadden , Kayla M. McLeod , Ro'Dasiah B. Mickens , Liam F. Miller , Ashley E. Miller-Martin , Briana L. Mitchell , Nicole E. Morant , Grace M. Newman , Megan N. Nutter , Mandy M. Oliphant , Christine S. Osborne , Kendall E. Peckham , Timothy Pickell , Morgan E. Pringle , Na'Asia K. Pringle , Crystal K. Rabon , Shaard A. Ragin , Susie M. Ragin , Peyton L. Reynolds , Lisa M. Rhodes , Renee A. Richardson , Sylvia A. Richardson , Sarah E. Richardson , Alexis N. Robinson , Brianna M. Rudd , Brittany J. Sanders , Anna C. Scott , Arielle R. Scott , Ashleigh L. Shaw , Summer B. Sims , Roshell D. Slater , Michael W. Solberg , Denali S. Southern , Khadary T. Stephens , Aubrey L. Stoddard , Chanel Stokes , Joshua K. Sykes , Kirsti G. Taylor , Chessie M. Teal , Carson Teves , Ashley M. Till , Christine M. Watson , Brooke G. Welch , Celia J. Wiggins , Jeanae Williams , LeAnna M. Williams , Quanteshia N. Wilson , Danah P. Wood , Samantha I. Worthen , Kayla L. Yelton
Williamsburg County
Helen T. McFadden
Out of State
Jessica L. Wilder , Kelsey P. Williams
Erik Wasson , Bloomberg News Congressional reporter , discusses congressional efforts to pass a $ 1.2 trillion government spending bill before a March 23rd deadline . Fiscal conservatives in the House and Senate are upset with the plan , which will increase domestic costs , instead of cutting them . He speaks with Bloomberg 's Amy Morris and Peter Barnes on Bloomberg Radio 's `` Politics , Policy , Power and Law . ''
This is a Bloomberg podcast . To download , watch or listen to this report now , click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar .
Caesar offers creditors a new deal -- and it 's a lot like the old one Leon Black 's Caesars Entertainment offered creditors a new restructuring deal Thursday — but it is largely the same old hand , creditors told The Post . Caesars stock rose 1.7 percent on ...
Authentic Brands eyes bankrupt American Apparel is being circled by Jamie Salter 's Authentic Brands Group , a licensing company which is keenly interested in owning the bankrupt clothier , sources told The Post . The Los Angeles-based ...
$ 11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Newly Discovered Slingshot Malware Hides in Routers
Researchers at Kaspersky Lab have discovered a sophisticated advanced persistent threat ( APT ) that has been used for cyber espionage in the Middle East and Africa from at least 2012 until February this year .
Dubbed 'Slingshot , ' the malware attacks and infects its targets through compromised routers and can run in kernel mode , giving it full control over users ' devices .
Several of the techniques employed by the cyber criminals behind Slingshot are unique , and researchers say it is highly effective at stealthy information gathering , hiding its traffic in marked data packets that it can intercept without trace from everyday communications .
To date , researchers have seen approximately 100 victims of Slingshot and its related modules , located in Kenya , Yemen , Afghanistan , Libya , Congo , Jordan , Turkey , Iraq , Sudan , Somalia and Tanzania .
The majority of victims appear to be targeted individuals , although public sector organizations and institutions have fallen victim too . Kenya and Yemen account for most of the victims found so far .
A Highly Advanced Intruder
Slingshot was discovered after researchers found a suspicious keylogger program and created a behavioral detection signature to see if the code appeared anywhere else , says the company .
This then triggered a detection that turned out to be an infected PC with a suspicious file inside the system folder named scesrv.dll . Upon further investigation , the file showed that despite appearing legitimate , the scesrv.dll module had malicious code embedded into it . Since this library is loaded by ‘ services.exe , ' a process that has system privileges , the poisoned library gained the same rights .
A highly advanced intruder had found its way into the very core of the computer , the researchers say .
Alexey Shulmin , lead malware analyst at Kaspersky Lab , describes Slingshot as a sophisticated threat that uses a wide array of tools and techniques , including kernel mode modules that have to date only been seen in the most advanced predators . The functionality is highly valuable and profitable for the attackers , which could explain why it has been around for at least six years .
Cyberespionage
Cyber espionage appears to be the main aim of Slingshot , with analysis suggesting it harvests screenshots , keyboard data , network data , passwords , USB connections , other desktop activity , clipboard data and more . Its kernel access effectively means it can steal whatever it wants .
The APT also features a variety of obfuscation techniques to help it evade detection . These include encrypting all strings in its modules , calling system services directly in order to bypass security product hooks , using a number of anti-debugging techniques and selecting which process to inject depending on the installed and running security solution processes .
Prevention Is Better
To avoid falling victim to this attack , Kaspersky Lab recommends implementing several measures , including using a proven corporate grade security solution in combination with anti-targeted attack .
The company advises users of Mikrotik routers should upgrade to the latest software version as soon as possible to ensure protection against known vulnerabilities .
In addition , it advises businesses to provide security staff with access to the latest threat intelligence data , which will arm them with helpful tools for targeted attack research and prevention , such as indicators of compromise , YARA and customized advanced threat reporting .
© 2018 ITWeb under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
5 . Raid
Raid is Ajay Devgn 's new film and the movie has opened to some good reviews . The film had made a decent opening in Kerala as well , especially in the multiplexes and city centres .
Box Office Meter : Decent Opening
4 . Aadhi
Aadhi has successfully completed the 50 days of run in Kerala theatres . As mentioned earlier , the Pranav Mohanlal starrer has completed 17000 shows across Kerala theatres and has become the first big blockbuster of the year 2018 . The movie is still continuing its decent run despite the release of new movies .
Box Office Meter : Blockbuster
3 . Captain
Jayasurya starrer Captain has already emerged as one of the successes of this year so far . With the arrival of the new movies , the film has lost a few centres but still the movie is doing a decent business . A perfect start for Jayasurya in the year 2018 .
Box Office Meter : Blockbuster
2 . Ira
Ira had hit the theatres this Friday ( March 16 , 2018 ) and the movie did make a big release . The public opinion for the film is on the positive side and the movie has bagged the title of being a perfect entertaining thriller . With the backing of good reviews and fine collections , the film is surely racing ahead .
Box Office Meter : Good Opening
1 . Poomaram
Poomaram has been receiving extremely positive reviews upon its release with the lovers of realistic movies hailing the film as one of the best in the recent times . The movie did get a 4-day long weekend and has made the good use of that by garnering a good opening at the box office .
Box Office Meter : Good Opening
Senior citizen busted for robbing bank with a toy gun SOUTH PORTLAND , Maine — Police in Maine say a 70-year-old man robbed a bank while armed with a toy gun . South Portland Police say the man , identified as Donald Sturton , ...
Judge dissuades robber from seeking prison for medical help BEATRICE , Neb . — A Nebraska man who robbed a bank with the goal of receiving medical treatment in prison has been asked by a judge to consider probation instead . Terry ...
Man who misspelled robbery notes to tellers gets sentenced BOSTON — A Massachusetts man authorities dubbed the “ spelling bee bandit ” because the notes he passed to tellers during multiple bank robberies in the Boston area contained the same spelling ...
Bandit who said robbing banks was 'going to work ' gets 15 years HONOLULU — A 64-year-old bandit who said during his sentencing that he views robbing banks as “ going to work ” must spend more than 15 years in federal prison . Wallace Silva ...
Hobo Captain America charged for bank robbery with crossbow The homeless man who posed as an “ Avenger ” when cops arrested him for robbing a bank while wielding a crossbow has been charged by Manhattan federal prosecutors , it was announced ...
Crossbow-wielding hobo robs bank , claims he 's Captain America : cops A homeless man held up a Bronx bank with a crossbow on Thursday — and then posed as an “ Avenger ” once cops caught up to him , police sources said . “ I 'm ...
86-year-old woman placed on probation for bank robbery PHILADELPHIA — An 86-year-old woman who pleaded guilty to charges in a Philadelphia bank robbery has been placed on a year 's probation . Court records indicate Emily Coakley entered pleas to ...
Man admits to planting fake bomb as bank heist diversion A man accused of leaving a fake bomb at one bank as a diversion so he could rob another pleaded guilty to the robbery in Manhattan federal court Wednesday . Anthony ...
Police arrest 80-year-old man in armed bank robbery TUCSON , Ariz. — Police in Arizona have arrested an 80-year-old man they say robbed a credit union at gunpoint . Tucson police said Sunday that a tip led to the arrest ...
Verizon Communications Inc. 's wireless subscriber rolls surged last quarter , but it was thanks to smartwatches and other wearables -- not the phones and tablets that were once its mainstay .
Monthly subscribers climbed by 260,000 in the first quarter , the carrier said on Tuesday , marking its fourth straight period of growth . That topped the 159,000 average of analysts ' estimates compiled by Bloomberg .
The results renewed optimism that the largest U.S. mobile-phone carrier can cope with a maturing industry . Even as the company lost phone and tablet subscribers , new customers using mobile service for Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. watches , vehicles and other applications offset the shortfall . The results sent the shares up as much as 3.6 percent to $ 50.39 .
Staying Positive Wireless watches helped Verizon extend its subscriber winning streak last quarter Source : Company filings
Though Verizon lost phone customers last quarter , the decline was n't as bad as what investors were bracing for , according to Kevin Roe , an analyst at Roe Equity Research LLC . The first quarter is seasonally slow , he noted .
“ Verizon delivered results slightly above muted expectations , and we think that is good enough for the market , ” he said .
The wireless gains help take some of the pressure off Verizon 's attempts to find other sources of revenue from new ventures like Oath -- the media and advertising division that owns AOL and Yahoo 's web business .
Verizon and AT & T Inc. , its closest competitor in wireless , have been diversifying into media and entertainment in order to sell customers new services now that almost everyone has a mobile phone .
Verizon 's earnings rose to $ 1.17 a share , excluding some items , from 95 cents a year earlier . Analysts were forecasting $ 1.11 . Revenue grew to $ 31.8 billion , beating Wall Street projections of $ 31.3 billion .
Justice Probe
The wireless industry is heading into a period of transition , with carriers outlining plans for new faster 5G networks and a growing focus on delivering video . Those ambitions may be complicated by a U.S. Justice Department investigation into possible collusion by large carriers , an arrangement that is seen as making it tougher for customers to switch service providers .
Verizon and AT & T said Friday that they are cooperating with the Justice Department as it looks into claims that the carriers have colluded with an industry standards body to slow the adoption of eSIM technology .
Phone manufacturers like Apple have pushed to eliminate SIM cards , which contain a customer 's phone number and identity , in favor of the eSIM software solution . An eSIM would make it easier for customers to switch carriers . Still , a similar Justice Department inquiry into the matter in 2016 was dropped .
Watch Growth
Smartwatches , meanwhile , have helped bring another source of revenue to the industry -- even if the devices are n't as lucrative as phones . The latest wearable devices , such as the Apple Watch Series 3 , have their own network connections . That means they do n't need to link up with smartphones to communicate and -- good news for carriers -- require a separate wireless subscription .
Verizon added about 359,000 subscribers last quarter who are using watches , wearables and other devices . That helped make up for the loss of 24,000 phone customers and 75,000 tablet customers in the period . But watch customers pay $ 10 a month , compared with the $ 40 or more that phone customers typically shell out .
That effect was evident in Verizon 's wireless service revenue , which fell 2.4 percent last quarter .
Verizon 's FiOS landline service , meanwhile , added 66,000 internet customers in the first quarter . But it lost 22,000 TV subscribers .
The New York-based company expects service revenue growth to turn positive by the end of the year . Excluding the effect of the federal tax overhaul and other items , earnings will climb in the low single digits , Verizon said in the statement .
“ We began 2018 with strong momentum , and we expect it to continue throughout the year , ” Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam said .
For reasons no one can quite explain , the Internet has been fascinated with casting Terence Howard for fictional roles in movies . Needless to say , it 's been the most hilarious thing ever .
Everyone has been creating memes using Howard 's trademark “ mayne ” and awesome Photoshop skills . The results have been priceless .
“ I 'll never turn to the dark side mane. ” pic.twitter.com/zhWQtBK3cy — Mans Not Hot Ent ( @ Just_JayyTee ) December 7 , 2017 https : //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
But wait , they get better ! Hit the flip for more hilarious mayne memes .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The sun is about to spill some of its secrets , maybe even reveal a few hidden truths of the cosmos . And you can get in on the act next week if you are in the right place for the best solar eclipse in the U.S. in nearly a century .
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that 's vital to Earth . They 'll look from the ground , using telescopes , cameras , binoculars and whatever else works . They 'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space . And in between , they 'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons .
“ We expect a boatload of science from this one , ” said Jay Pasachoff , a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds .
Scientists will focus on the sun , but they will also examine what happens to Earth 's weather , to space weather , and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun . The moon 's shadow will sweep along a narrow path , from Oregon to South Carolina .
Related : Viewing The Eclipse Safely | Reputable Vendors of Solar Filters & Viewers
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation , the federal government is spending about $ 7.7 million on next Monday 's eclipse . One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide “ live footage from the edge of space ” during the eclipse .
But it 's not just the professionals or students . NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do .
“ Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data , ” said Matt Penn , an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson , Arizona .
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE . More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way . The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun 's edge .
Mike Conley , a Salem , Oregon , stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes , jumped at the chance to be part of the science team .
“ Who knows ? Maybe a great secret will come of this , the mysteries of the sun will be revealed , because we 're doing something that 's never been done before and we 're getting data that 's never been seen before , ” he said . “ A big discovery will come and everybody will say , ‘ Hey , we were part of that ! ' ”
You do n't need to have telescopes to help out . You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you . You can go to a zoo , like the Nashville Zoo , where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing . The University of California , Berkeley , is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017 , hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers .
Even with all the high-tech , high-flying instruments now available , when it comes to understanding much of the sun 's mysteries , nothing beats an eclipse , said Williams College 's Pasachoff . That 's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes ca n't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown , or corona . Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun , but they ca n't do it as well as the moon , he said .
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse . It 's the sun 's outer atmosphere where space weather originates , where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations . The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why .
“ It 's ironic that we 've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view , ” said Fred “ Mr . Eclipse ” Espenak , a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency .
And they learn other things , too . Helium — the second most abundant element in the universe — was n't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868 , Espenak said .
But that discovery is eclipsed by what an eclipse did for Albert Einstein and physics .
Einstein was a little known scientist in 1915 when he proposed his general theory of relativity , a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time . It explains the motion of planets , black holes and the bending of light from distant galaxies .
Einstein could n't prove it but said one way to do so was to show that light from a distant star bends during an eclipse . During a 1919 eclipse , Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending , something that could n't be done without the moon 's shadow eclipsing the sun .
“ It marked a complete change in the understanding of the universe , ” said Mark Littmann of the University of Tennessee , a former planetarium director . “ Bang . Right there . ”
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
LOL : Global Warming Study Cancelled Because of ‘ Unprecedented ' Ice
The amount of irony you 're about to witness is not to be taken lightly . You 're going to want to be firmly seated so you do n't fall over while you 're laughing .
A Canadian global warming study had to come to a quick end after the researchers on board were forced to use their icebreaker vessel to… well… break ice .
From Vice :
The study , entitled BaySys , is a $ 17-million four-year-long program headed by the University of Manitoba . It was planning to conduct the third leg of its research by sending 40 scientists from five Canadian universities out into the Bay on the Canadian Research Icebreaker CCGS Amundsen to study “ contributions of climate change and regulation on the Hudson Bay system . ”
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins 's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life . Gleaned from a lifetime of trial , error , and writing it down , Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short , digestible chapters . Buy Now
Unfortunately , the ship was forced to abandon its mission after the Canadian Coast Guard requested that the icebreaker be used to help fishing vessels and cargo ships from the “ unprecedented ice . ”
That 's it . That 's all the research they need . There is “ unprecedented ice ” in the summer . Everyone can go home .
Naturally , leftists are blaming it on “ climate change , ” which is basically saying “ we need to make money off of the back of pathetic nerds who want to virtue signal , so we 're going to invent a term that encompasses any and all changes and then make people pay us to ‘ fix ' it . ”
Never letting a good crisis go to waste , the study 's lead scientist , Dr. David Barber , took the opportunity to trumpet more of his climate alarmist nonsense :
“ It was clear it was from the Arctic , I just needed to be among the ice to see it , ” said Dr. Barber . “ What was also clear to me was that climate change has caused this event to happen . ”
Are you a scientist or a psychic ? You just “ knew ” ? No you did n't , you 're just saying that because the alternative means you lose your job and your degree will look too fancy for the wall of the McDonald 's you 're managing .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Hornets C Cody Zeller to miss time with a concussion
hello
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- The Hornets say center Cody Zeller has been placed in the NBA 's concussion protocol .
There is no timetable for his return .
Zeller took an elbow to the head in the fourth quarter of Charlotte 's game against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday night . Zeller will not play Monday night against the Chicago Bulls .
Zeller will begin the process to return once he is deemed symptom-free , per the NBA 's concussion policy .
The fourth-year center is averaging 10.7 points , 6.2 rebounds and 1.1 blocks and shooting 59.5 percent from the field - all career highs . Zeller has played in 31 games for Charlotte this season , starting 29 .
MINNETONKA , Minn. ( WCCO ) — Finally , after weeks of waiting , spring has sprung in Minnesota .
And high school sports can get underway . Baseball , softball and track teams have already lost about half their season because of soggy , snowy fields .
Now , as their fields dry off , those athletes should be able to return to practice games and outside .
WCCO 's Molly Rosenblatt was in Minnetonka on Tuesday , where the Hopkins baseball team took the field to face Robbinsdale Cooper .
Earlier this month , the Minnesota State High School League allowed shorter baseball and softball games this season because of the unseasonably cool weather . By mutual agreement , teams now can play two 5-inning games in a doubleheader format for the rest of this season only .
Single games still must be played under the national rules , requiring seven-inning games or until a regulation game is completed .
“ We would clean the field off and get to the point where we were going to play and it would dump 12 inches on us again . This is our third time where we 've gotten the field ready so we 're hoping it sticks now , ” Jason Mihalakis , head baseball coach at Hopkins High School , said .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Follow WQAM on Twitter | Facebook
DAVIE ( CBSMiami ) – The Miami Dolphins host the Baltimore Ravens on Thursday for preseason game two . It will likely be the aqua and orange debut for quarterback Jay Cutler .
“ I 'm trending in the area of yes , but we 'll see what happens these next few days , ” said head coach Adam Gase , when asked if Cutler will play Thursday .
Cutler made his training camp debut just six days ago and was held out of the preseason opener last Thursday against Atlanta . He 's not officially listed as the first stringer on the depth chart , but is taking numerous first team snaps in practice .
On Cutler 's progress , Gase said : “ He 's pretty much got the offense down , it 's just more about timing . It 's more mental . Just kind of that feel of when to turn the ball loose and getting used to the receivers and the D-line rushing . ”
Cutler faced significant pressure from the Dolphins defensive front in Monday 's practice , but managed to unload some nice passes in 11-on-11 's . Cutler completed a 40-yard deep ball to DeVante Parker , with Parker making a great over-the-shoulder adjustment .
Gase expects Miami 's talented defensive line to help Cutler prepare for the live bullets of the regular season .
“ It 's a good D-line to get used to getting in your face a little bit , ” noted Gase , adding : “ It 's probably going to be good for him at the end of the day when we start playing other teams . Our D-line is tough to go against . They get [ in the backfield ] quick . ”
Cutler 's quick transition from brief retirement to the Dolphins huddle is a testament to why Gase hand picked him to replace the injured Ryan Tannehill . Cutler 's history with Gase in 2015 left him little to learn with the playbook and schematics .
Cutler now has four Dolphins practices under his belt . By Tuesday afternoon , Gase will likely have his mind made up on whether to play him in the second exhibition .
The Dolphins host the Baltimore Ravens Thursday night at 7pm from Hard Rock Stadium .
Chinese President Xi Jinping , left , and Premier Li Keqiang , right , stand as Vice President Wang Qishan arrives at the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress in Beijing 's Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Ng Han Guan AP Photo
Tribune Content Agency
( C ) 2017 Tribune Content Agency , LLC .
Test your defense today . Cover the West and South cards . Try to beat four spades as East .
North 's bid of four diamonds was an advance cue bid , promising good spade support and top values in diamonds . ( Since North 's high-card values were minimum , perhaps he should have settled for a raise to four spades . )
West leads the eight of clubs , dummy plays low and you take your king . How do you continue ?
If declarer has the ace of hearts , your cause is hopeless . If he has two heart losers , a shift to any heart will beat the contract . What if he has a singleton ?
FORCING
Since you have four trumps and will get back in with your ace , a forcing defense may work . Lead the king of hearts , then a low heart . If South ruffs and leads a trump , you take the ace and lead another heart . South must ruff again , and you will have more trumps than he does . Your long trump will score the setting trick .
To lead a low heart at Trick Two is n't good enough . Did you beat the contract ?
DAILY QUESTION
You hold : ♠ A 5 4 2 ♥ K 9 5 2 ♦ 6 3 ♣ K 10 3 . Your partner opens one club , you bid one heart , he rebids two clubs and you raise to three clubs . Partner next bids three hearts . What do you say ?
ANSWER : Partner could have stopped at three clubs . His three hearts confirms game interest and shows three-card support , so you must keep going . Bid three spades . If partner bids 3NT with 7 6 , A 8 3 , K 4 , A Q J 9 8 5 , fine . Otherwise , you may play at four or five clubs .
North dealer
Both sides vulnerable
NORTH
♠ K J 8
♥ Q J 10
♦ A K Q 10
♣ A 5 2
WEST
♠ 6
♥ A 7 6 4 3
♦ 7 5 4
♣ 8 7 6 4
EAST
♠ A 5 4 2
♥ K 9 5 2
♦ 6 3
♣ K 10 3
SOUTH
♠ Q 10 9 7 3
♥ 8
♦ J 9 8 2
♣ Q J 9
North East South West
2 NT Pass 3 ♠ Pass
4 ♦ Pass 4 ♠ All Pass
Opening lead — ♣ 8 AMX-2017-01-31T17:30:00-05:00
While on one side , the Prabhas starrer is in tremendous buzz , the same movie is also grabbing the headlines owing to its female lead cast . From Katrina Kaif to Anushka Shetty and Shraddha Kapoor , many names were in the pipeline .
According to the latest reports , Prabhas ' fans are not much happier about his pairing with Shraddha Kapoor . Interestingly , we also hear that Prabhas was keen to rope in a Bollywood actress owing to a surprising reason !
Prabhas Affair With B-town We all know that Prabhas has put his Bollywood debut plan on hold for now . But we got ta tell you that his love affair with B-town has already started . Here 's how ..
Was It All Planned ? India.com quoted as saying , `` If you have noticed , for Saaho , Prabhas has already roped in a Bollywood villain - Neil Nitin Mukesh . Next , he got the popular Bollywood music directors Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy on board to compose music for the film . ''
Here 's Why He Wanted Shraddha While there is no confirmation about the leading actress as yet , rumours are rife that Saaho will see him romancing Shraddha Kapoor .
Is It Prabhas ' Calculated Move ? Talking about Prabhas ' new interest to rope in Bollywood celebs in his film , an industry source told the entertainment portal , `` This may be a calculated move . ''
Prabhas Wants A Pan-Indian Appeal `` Getting popular names and faces from Bollywood to work in his projects will give the films a pan India appeal , '' said the source .
Prabhas ' Plan Before A Proper Debut In Bollywood The source further added , `` This will help him understand and gauge the potential for his films in the Hindi film market before making a full-fledged entry in Bollywood . ''
We Got ta Wait & Watch Now , coming back to Prabhas & Shraddha , only time will tell whether Prabhas and Shraddha 's on-screen chemistry will do wonders or not .
What 's your opinion on this pair , folks ? Please mention your valuable thought in our comment section .
Olivia Palermo , New York City 's prestigious socialite and fashionista , has had some great looks but her go-to piece lately is the trusty and tailored outerwear piece , a blazer . Here are ...
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
A Banbridge man completed the Dublin and Belfast Marathons raising an incredible £2,665 for a charity which supported his family as his son underwent treatment for a serious heart condition .
Niall Parfitt got his running shoes on and completed both gruelling races earlier this year .
His son Niall was only seven weeks old when he became ill with a serious congenital heart defect TAPVD and had to undergo major surgery in London .
The charity provides support groups and accommodation for those with family attending the Royal Hospital 's Clark Clinic , Northern Ireland 's only regional specialist unit .
He and his family received vital emotional and practical support from the Trust which offers financial support for the families of babies and young people undergoing treatment in hospital .
Niall told the Leader that the charity provided invaluable support during an incredibly difficult time for the family .
He said : “ “ The plan was to raise £500 , but it was amazing , friends from Banbridge . The support I received , it was phenomenal , it was incredible .
“ You see the real benefit of a charity after going through something like that , they were just enormous support and remain an enormous support . It 's nice to give something back to a charity that have given us some support .
“ My aim is just to keep on helping them , it 's a charity close to my heart . ”
Niall decided that the best way to raise money would be to run a marathon despite being a running novice . Incredibly , not only did he complete the Belfast marathon , he then completed the Dublin Marathon a few months later .
He said : “ I did n't know what to do , I could n't run the length of myself up until a year ago but doing a marathon was always in the back of my mind . They were both extremely emotional , unbelieveable experiences . I 'm still in recovery mode after Dublin , I was very sore afterwards but it was a fanatastic experience . ”
Recently , Rajkumar Hirani and Vidhi Vinod Chopra showcased the trailer of Sanju to Rishi Kapoor and actor was seen praising son Ranbir Kapoor like never before ! He was pleasantly surprised seeing the terrific performance of his son and while getting teary-eyed , he said , `` The way Rajkumar Hirani has presented Ranbir is the biggest superb thing , the boy has really done well . I am so proud of him . I swear on Neetu and Ranbir , I did not think it was Ranbir , I thought it was Sanjay Dutt . ''
`` You do n't know how emotionally triggered I am right now at the point where Vinod ( Chopra ) and Raju ( Rajkumar Hirani ) have shown me this trailer . The first appearance of Ranbir from the jail , I thought it was Sanjay Dutt . ''
When Ranbir was asked about his reaction after seeing his dad all emotional , here 's what the actor said :
Ranbir Got All Emotional `` Besides being my father , he is also an actor I really admire and respect ... He never tells me to my face that I 've done good work , not that I expect it either . But when you hear such words coming from him , it is incredible , it really moved me , made me emotional . ''
This Was A Wonderful Gift `` Every father wants their son to do well , but my father is very careful that he wo n't give compliments for free . He always tells us 'kasar reh gayi hai , work harder ' ( There is still scope for improvement , work harder ) ' . This was a wonderful gift , '' Ranbir said at the trailer launch of `` Sanju '' .
Ranbir On His Mom 's Reaction After Watching Sanju Trailer The actor added that his mother loves his performance in all his films .
`` My mother is my biggest fan , whatever I do she loves . When she saw 'Bombay Velvet ' she thought it was the greatest film in the world , '' he said .
Ranbir Also Talked About Collaborating With Sonam After 10 Years `` We never got an opportunity to work together again but Sonam is still the same , she has n't changed . Her personality is still the same . The only thing which has changed is that she has become an even better actress . Both of us really enjoyed working with each other , '' he said .
Produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra , `` Sanju '' also features Paresh Rawal , Manisha Koirala , Dia Mirza and Anushka Sharma The film is scheduled to release on June 29 .
Nigerian Politicians And The Cubicle Of Audacity -By Ajakaiye Olanrewaju
If men were God in this part of the world , I am very sure that a man would command that all the politicians in Nigeria should just vanish and be immediately replaced with Angels . The pains of the ordinary people in our communities has exacerbated to the level that they commit suicide daily due to inability to meet their pressing financial obligations . The Kogi State Governor , the Governor of all Governors , the most creative and industrious of all Governors in Nigeria , Yahaya Bello who has turned his once buoyant state into comatose of unending misery , your Excellency Sir ! Dire is an understatement in describing the economic situation is Kogi , as this has affected the security situation in that state . Kogi is now the economic capital of kidnappers and power base for armed robbers , as they are willing to exchange any amount from their victim for freedom .
On the 8th of December , 2017 Nigerians awoke to the un-aromatic and perplexed news that Yahaya Bello , Governor of Kogi state , has completed his state-of-the-art country home on Mahmoud Atta Street , GRA Okene . With dignitaries including Abdul Rahman Ado Ibrahim , Ohinoyi of Ebira land joining the Governor during the house-warming ceremony . An unconfirmed source had described the mansion as “ a thing of beauty ” . One word could describe this nonsensical unmelodious entertainment with just one would ‘ pillager ' it is only a marauder that can possess this enormous audacity to commission a mansion in the mist of poverty and severe hunger . Kogi state workers and pensioners are groaning under the burden of unpaid salaries running into several months , yet a Governor is living in flamboyancy . This is just an audacity of shame ! Nothing more !
News has it that when the house was under construction in August , some residents of the exclusive residential area complained that the Governor converted the Street entrance to his private gate . But Bello carried on with the project , while Kingsley Fanwo , spokesman of the governor , said his principality had made a better provision for the affected residents , maybe this would happen during campaign for the 2019 general elections .
This same Governor few weeks ago , during his visit to the President claimed on national television to owe the Civil Servants in Kogi State just two months salaries , what an audacity ! This statement attributed to the Governor was not a slip of tongue because he went further to say that those who claimed he is owing are political Civil Servants , what an audacity ! What do you take Kogi people for ? Sometimes I wonder where the generation of Nigerian politicians came from , If it were Sahara Desert , it would have been better , at least they will thank God that they have to access to water in this part of the world . An average Nigerian politician has never seen the world hunger at least in the Dictionary , if they have , they would not have so much audacity to lie to the people on the true state of things . Even when they embark on stomach infrastructure , it is for elections or to seek another meaningful gain .
A Governor that is described to be the youngest of all Governors in Nigeria yet bereft of ideas , the dearth of managerial skills by this Governor is highly disappointing and un-condonable . It is high time people of Kogi rise to this challenge and I do n't think they need to wait till 2019 before kicking this man out , else more irreparable damages would have been done and generations unborn will blame this generation for not standing to the challenge .
Related
Comments
comments
When California voters passed a measure in 2016 that legalized cannabis and allowed people to have their marijuana convictions wiped away or reduced , San Diego County District Attorney Summer Stephan ordered her staff to immediately start scouring the city 's criminal records to find people who qualified .
As marijuana becomes legal in more states , some are allowing people to ask to have their old marijuana convictions expunged or reduced . It is , proponents say , a way to atone for a war on drugs that disproportionately affected low-income and minority communities and to ensure that the criminal records people carry are not out of sync with current laws .
It also attempts to get to the root of a complex legal question : What happens when people have a conviction on their record for an act that is no longer illegal ?
“ If you 've made a legislative determination that this is no longer criminal , why would you want to continue to have people feeling the ramifications of something that people going forward will no longer have to suffer ? ” said Jenny Roberts , an American University law professor .
At least nine states , including Colorado , Maryland and Oregon , have made it easier to have some marijuana charges sealed or thrown out completely . Recreational marijuana use is legal in some , but not all , of those states . Colorado last year approved a bill that allows people convicted of misdemeanor marijuana possession before Dec. 10 , 2012 , to petition to have their convictions sealed .
In Oregon , lawmakers stated that judges must take the current law – which says that possessing and selling marijuana is legal – into account when they consider whether to change a person 's criminal record . In Maryland , people convicted of marijuana possession can petition a court for expungement .
“ It really makes sense to not burden these people with a lifelong criminal record , ” said Kate Bell , a lobbyist for the Marijuana Policy Project in Maryland .
In most places , people must specifically request to have their records expunged , a process that can be costly and time-consuming . Though the laws largely aimed to help low-income people , there is concern that the petitioning process makes it more difficult , and therefore less likely , that they will move to have their records changed .
On Wednesday , San Francisco District Attorney George Gascón announced that his office will clear all marijuana misdemeanor convictions dating to 1975 and review all felony convictions to see if they are eligible for a reduction .
“ California voters have clearly sent a message , ” he said . “ The war on drugs has been a failure , and more specifically , the war on marijuana has been a failure . ”
Gascón said he is concerned about how U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is handling federal marijuana policy . Sessions last month rescinded Obama-era guidance that eased the federal enforcement of marijuana .
“ It 's really a question of states ' rights , ” Gascón said . “ I 'm very disturbed and concerned about the national trend . . . when you have the attorney general making marijuana a potential threat against our communities . Any middle school kid will tell you that 's a complete joke . ”
A spokesman for Sessions declined to comment Thursday .
Gascón said he made the decision to automatically clear records so people “ will not have to jump through hoops to get relief. ” He estimates that about 3,000 people will be eligible to have their convictions vacated and about 5,000 will be eligible to have their cases reviewed for possible reduction .
Prosecutors can decide not to support a reduction if a person has a major felony , such as murder , on their record . Old convictions will be reclassified under the law as it reads now . For example , if someone had been convicted of possessing an ounce or less of marijuana , that conviction would be tossed out because that is now legal under California law .
California Assemblyman Rob Bonta , D-Oakland , introduced a bill that would require automatic expungement of records .
“ The role of government should be to ease burdens and expedite the operation of law – not create unneeded obstacles , barriers and delay , ” Bonta said in a statement . “ These individuals are legally entitled to expungement or reduction and a fresh start . It should be implemented without unnecessary delay or burden . ”
Nevada Assemblyman William McCurdy , D , introduced a bill that would allow people convicted of possessing less than an ounce of marijuana to have their records wiped clean ; it was vetoed last June by Gov . Brian Sandoval , R. McCurdy said he would like to reintroduce the legislation in the state , where marijuana is now legal .
“ I 've always been under the belief that if you made a mistake in the past and the law has changed , you should definitely benefit from the changing of that law , ” he said . “ There are a lot of folks who are sitting behind bars for less than an ounce of marijuana , and that 's troubling . ”
In San Diego County , Stephan ordered attorneys to look at cases shortly after voters passed the ballot initiative in November 2016 , when the expungement provisions took effect . Prosecutors first looked at people in prison , then at those who were recently convicted , recommending their cases to public defenders .
They worked “ backward , with the idea that persons that received their convictions more recently might be directly impacted in terms of their ability to look for jobs or have informal probation , housing benefits , military , other things , ” she said .
About 680 people have had their convictions lessened , 55 of whom are behind bars , Stephan said . She believes there are about 5,000 people who are eligible to have their convictions changed .
“ Our hope is that they will take advantage of it and use it to reintegrate and enter society without the burden of having a felony conviction , ” she said .
Most of the sentencing laws are tied to the legalization of marijuana , something that Kevin Sabet , the founder of Smart Approaches to Marijuana , which opposes legalization , said should n't be the case .
“ People deserve a second chance , and we should n't penalize people for past convictions , but it should n't take having to legalize – and commercialize – marijuana for that to happen , ” he said . “ This is a false choice between legalization and criminalization . ”
Mark A.R . Kleiman , a professor of public policy at New York University , said the logic of such laws is complex .
“ On the one hand , we 've decided that doing X is no longer against the law , why are we still punishing people for still doing X ? , ” he said . “ And one answer is , ‘ We did n't let Al Capone out of prison until after Prohibition . ' ”
But Kleiman said he thinks California and other states are making the correct decisions .
“ I think Gascón is absolutely right to get rid of as many of these convictions as possible , especially if it 's the sole conviction , ” he said . “ It 's very expensive over a lifetime . ”
Manjot Singh , excited about his upcoming film Fukrey Returns , says the Hindi film industry is changing its attitude towards actors with a turban and that the acceptance of Diljit Dosanjh is a prime example .
He was 16 when he featured in Oye Lucky ! Lucky Oye ! in 2008 and received a Filmfare Critics Award for the Best Actor category for it . Manjot spoke about how his dream is coming true slowly but surely .
Asked if he feels the pressure of having limited roles in the Hindi film industry because he wears a turban , Manjot said , `` No , not really , because I can see how things are changing . For instance , Diljit paaji is opening the door for us with films like Udta Punjab and Phillauri .
`` People loved him everywhere . So I know , even I will get my share of opportunity , and no , I did not think of cutting my hair or removing my turban for a role . ''
Having made his debut in 2008 with a Dibakar Banerjee film , Manjot has worked with filmmakers like Vikramaditya Motwane , Anurag Kashyap , Karan Johar and Tony D'Souza for films like Udaan , Student Of The Year and Azhar , apart from Fukrey that won him appreciation from the audience .
Reflecting upon it , he said , `` When I started acting in films , I made a wish list of being associated with a film that will become such a big hit that producers will make a sequel of that . With Fukrey , Babaji ne meri sun liya ( God heard me ) . I am so fortunate . ''
He has a new wish . `` I know I am young and have a long way to go , but I am a huge Diljit Dosanjh fan and I so wish to work with Diljit paaji . '' Asked if his success and a long list of fan followers made any change in his personality , Manjot said , `` No , I am to an extent like Lali ( his character 's name from Fukrey ) . I am still the simple and to an extent an innocent guy . Perhaps that is why I can relate with Lali so much and play him on screen easily .
`` But yes , now I have grown up and changes have come not only on my face but also in personality . I was a shy child and very introvert as you know , but now I am better ... At least I talk if not start the conversation . Earlier , I used to observe and listen . I am in a learning process . ''
As an actor , Manjot wants to experiment with more shades of different characters and he will soon be doing one of such films .
`` I personally believe that I can play a serious role , but people mostly offer me comedy . Last year , I did a film with Abhay ( Deol ) sir . I hope that releases soon . I have played a very different character from all my previous work . The working title of the film is Situation Normal All F * * * ed Up ( SNAFU ) where I am playing a different character and the director told me why others have not explored the actor side in me .
`` I just hope the film releases and people get to watch me like that , '' said Manjot . Fukrey Returns will release on December 8 . With inputs from IANS .
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo . Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni ...
Before going any further , Eva also said that her son is doing absolutely fine . She wrote on her blog , “ He has been healing well , hitting milestones , cooing , smiling , and generally showing us that he is and will be ok as he grows and develops . ”
Eva Amurri , daughter of Susan Sarandon , revealed in an impassioned blog post her ongoing battle with depression and maybe PTSD , after a Night Nurse dropped her son Major shortly after Thanksgiving . The nurse was holding Major , 3-months-old , when she fell asleep . Major slipped from her grasp , fell , and cracked his skull on the hardwood floor . Eva recalls her and her husband , Kyle Martino , waking up to the sound of Major hitting the floor , and then “ hysterical piercing screams . ”
Favorite Photo Of 2016 ? Well , that 's a NO BRAINER 😂❤👧🏼👶🏻😬 ( ps- Major expressing my daily # Mood , as per usual ) # HappilyEvaAfter # HappyNewYear # MomLife # MarloweAndMajor A photo posted by HAPPILY EVA AFTER ( @ thehappilyeva ) on Dec 31 , 2016 at 6:58am PST
Major was immediately taken to a hospital , where he stayed for two days , which Eva wrote about saying , “ To say these were the most traumatic and anxious two days of my life is an understatement. ” Major escaped without any injury , and is growing up healthy , although Eva ca n't help but feel responsible for the incident . “ Let me tell you– the guilt I bore in the days and weeks after this accident was more intense and more damaging than anything I would wish upon my worst enemy . I wept in the hospital , telling anyone who would listen that it should have been me . That I was to blame . ”
Eva no longer allows anyone to care for her children , as she feels she can only trust herself . And she now believed she might be suffering from some sort of PTSD , brought on by Postpartum Depression . She wrote , “ Hearing Major cry hard immediately triggers my memories of the moments after the accident and instigates an immediate panic attack– my heart races and tears spring to my eyes . ”
She looks forward to 2017 , however . “ With open arms , I welcome 2017 as the year I learn to forgive a little deeper , to let go a little more easily , to accept some things I can not change , and to love myself a lot more unconditionally . ”
Via E !
We 're at a point in the season when an injury , no matter how big or small , can become a disaster , and waiting for already ailing players to return is more ...
EDMONTON — Alberta Mounties have laid charges in a high-profile case of a four-year-old girl who died in government care .
Brenda Rabbit , 56 , and 55-year-old Clyde Rabbit — who were the child 's relatives and guardians — each face one count of failing to provide the necessities of life .
The accused from Maskwacis , south of Edmonton , have been released on bail and are to appear in court Nov. 9 .
Serenity Rabbit had a severe brain injury when she was taken to hospital and doctors noticed she was underweight and had multiple bruises . She remained on life support for about a week before she died on Sept. 27 , 2014 .
RCMP Chief Supt . George Stephensen said Friday that he could n't release many details about the case and defended the length of time it took to get it to court .
`` This investigation in my opinion would be one of the most complex investigations that we 've done in a long period of time , '' said Stephensen , who added that the Crown was consulted on what charges should be laid .
`` This has been and continues to be a very difficult time for all who knew Serenity and we feel her loss . Our thoughts are with them . ''
Serenity 's death drew criticism and concern when details became public last year . Premier Rachel Notley struck an all-party panel to come up with ways to improve child welfare in the province .
It has been reported that there were delays and secrecy over the girl 's autopsy and about police and government investigations . It was also reported that the advocate 's office was denied critical information in examining the case .
Earlier this year , Alberta introduced legislation to increase the power of the child and youth advocate to investigate deaths of children in government care .
The aboriginal girl had been with foster parents for two years before she was placed in what is called kinship care , a program that aims to keep children with relatives and maintain ties to their culture and communities .
Serenity 's birth mother had raised concerns to social workers that the child was being abused , and wanted her moved back to foster care .
`` I 'm glad to see charges have finally been laid , but I still have questions as to why it took so long , '' Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark said in a release . `` We still do n't have clear answers about what went wrong , and we can not wait for a fatality inquiry to provide those answers . ''
Clark said he wants assurances that court cases related to the abuse or death of children are not delayed .
United Conservative Party members Jason Nixon and Ric McIver , who were on the province 's child-welfare panel , also issued a statement that said they are relieved to finally see charges .
`` It 's clear that this case was mishandled from the very beginning and we must understand what went wrong in order to prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future . The United Conservatives remain committed to getting answers for Serenity 's family and seeing that our broken child intervention system is fixed . ''
Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley said in a statement that Serenity 's death was a `` call to action — a symbol of why we must never stop doing everything we can to prevent tragedies like this one .
`` Three years is a long time to wait for a family who has already suffered such heartbreaking loss . And we know that Serenity 's family , and Albertans , want answers . ''
The Canadian Press
A San Jose man died Sunday after he fell off his motorcycle on a Central Valley rural road .
David Barajas Hernandez , 20 , was found around 5:30 a.m. Sunday on the shoulder of Lander Avenue ( Highway 165 ) near the community of Stevinson , 10 miles south of Turlock .
He was pronounced dead at the scene , said Officer Eric Zuniga , a spokesman for the Merced office of the California Highway Patrol .
It was unclear when the accident occurred .
Related Articles Suspect in street-racing deaths is arrested at DMV as he tries to register car
San Jose : Male pedestrian hit , killed near downtown
San Jose : Pedestrian injured in May 3 collision dies
One killed in I-80 traffic collision in Crockett
Authorities identify 19-year-old killed in San Jose crash Investigators determined that Hernandez , on a 2004 Yamaha , had been northbound on Lander just south of the Merced River . At that point , near Westside Boulevard , the straight two-lane highway takes a jog to the right , and the speed limit goes from 55 mph to an advised 30 mph .
Hernandez apparently crossed both lanes and was ejected on the left shoulder of the road , Zuniga said . The motorcyclist was wearing a helmet .
On Sunday , December 10 at 4 p.m. the First Baptist Church of Horseshoe Bend Choir will present , Night of the Father 's Love by Pepper Choplin .
Everyone is invited to come and share this worshipful and beautiful re-telling of the Christmas story with narration and music .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Foresight Group has acquired four operational wind farms totalling 83MW from companies managed by Belltown Power .
The four projects are part of the same deal that saw Foresight Solar Fund acquire a portfolio of five operational solar farms in the UK with a combined capacity of 53.3MW last week .
Related Stories UK high-five for Foresight
20 Apr 2018
Foresight fills Italian coffers
22 Jan 2018 The wind farms are a 24.6MW plant in Powys , a 50.5MW project in Cheshire , a 7.5MW facility in Sussex and a 0.5MW unit in Cornwall .
Belltown will continue to provide asset management for all the projects acquired by Foresight .
The Powys , Cheshire and Sussex facilities were acquired by various Foresight funds , with the 0.5MW plant part of the deal with Foresight Solar Fund .
Foresight Group partner Richard Thompson said : “ We are delighted to have completed the acquisition of this sizeable wind and solar portfolio and to have established a relationship with Belltown . ”
Image : Pexels
NEW YORK — The Rock has his third Rockette .
Dwayne Johnson took to Facebook on Monday to show off his chest full of tattoos and his new baby girl in a hospital skin-to-skin contact moment .
“ Blessed and proud to bring another strong girl into this world , ” he wrote . “ Tiana Gia Johnson came into this world like a force of nature and Mama @ laurenhashianofficial labored and delivered like a true rockstar . ”
It 's the second child and second girl with Hashian . The actor also has a 16-year-old daughter with former wife Dany Garcia .
“ I was raised and surrounded by strong , loving women all my life , but after participating in baby Tia 's delivery , it 's hard to express the new level of love , respect and admiration I have for @ laurenhashianofficial and all mamas and women out there , ” Johnson wrote .
He urged all dads to participate in the births of their children , offering support during labor and delivery . And he made a promise to his new baby that , “ you have my word , I 'll love , protect , guide and make ya laugh for the rest of my life . Your crazy dad has many responsibilities and wears many hats in this big ol ' world , but being your dad will always be the one I 'm most proud to wear . ”
Interview : Sister Mary Kelley Rush , SND
Q : Why did you decide to pursue a vocation as a woman religious with the Sisters of Notre Dame ?
Sr. Kelley : I decided to pursue a vocation with the Sisters of Notre Dame because I became keenly aware that God was calling me to something more than myself . It was something way beyond what I could have ever imagined and I knew this in a profound experiential way the first time I encountered the Sisters of Notre Dame while doing service at a home for children in crisis situations .
Q . What does it feel like to make final vows ?
Sr. Kelley : I have always said that my first profession of vows was truly my final profession in my own heart . These past 5 years of formation leading up to my profession of perpetual vows were a continual deepening of my relationship and union with God .
I was so incredibly ready the day of my perpetual vows that as I professed them “ for my whole life , ” there was a deep peace and calm that permeated my being as everything around me and within me faded away . It was as if God and I were the only ones present and I became deeply aware of standing in God in that very moment .
Q . What did you find helpful in discernment ?
Sr. Kelley : During my discernment , I found taking time for prayer and solitude essential . My experience of living in community at the House of Prayer and Discernment was significant , too .
The way the Sisters of Notre Dame lived a life of balance through prayer , ministry , the day-to-day living and sharing , and conversations of depth was appealing to me and drew me closer to God . There is an authenticity and simplicity about how they are in relationship to one another .
Q : What is your order 's main ministry ?
Sr. Kelley : There are more than 2,000 Sisters of Notre Dame worldwide serving in ministries of education , healthcare , pastoral work , and social outreach . In the US , our primary ministries are education and healthcare , with schools in Ohio , Kentucky , and California , and healthcare facilities in Kentucky .
For more information on The Sisters of Notre Dame , click here
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
An ISIS-inspired plot targeting Times Square and the city subways — aimed at killing “ thousands ” and making “ an ocean out of their blood ” — has been busted , authorities said Friday .
Three men , including a US citizen , were arrested with the help of an undercover FBI agent , according to the charges against them unsealed Friday .
On May 20 , 2016 , Talha Haroon , a US citizen from Pakistan , told an undercover agent that Times Square was “ a perfect spot to hit them ” and suggested that the plan could include a “ [ d ] rive-by , or we surround the whole street and trap them and kill as many as possible , ” according to the newly unsealed complaint .
“ I wan na kill . . . them in thousands ” he allegedly told the undercover . “ We have to make a ocean out of their blood .. leave no one standing . ”
Haroon also told the undercover agent he planned to travel to the city and discussed executing his planned attacks as soon as that Memorial Day — a day that he said “ will change history , ” according to the complaint .
Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy , a Canadian citizen , also was busted in May 2016 after traveling to New Jersey from Canada and pleaded guilty to terrorism charges in October 2016 , according to Manhattan federal prosecutors .
Haroon , a US Citizen Based in Pakistan , was later arrested in Pakistan . A third man , Russell Salic , was arrested in the Philippines . Both are awaiting extradition to the US , the feds said .
Highlife was the most popular music in 1960 when Nigeria gained independence . Before then and down through the 1960s , highlife has always been a mainstay of the Nigerian music industry . It was West African pop music seeping into the country from Ghana .
Following World War ll , Nigerian music started to take on new instruments and techniques including electric instruments imported from the United States and Europe . Rock n. Roll , Soul and later Funk became very popular in Nigeria and elements of these genres were added to Juju by artistes such as I.K . Dairo .
Meanwhile , highlife had been slowly gaining grounds among the Igbo people and their unique style soon found a national audience , at the same time ‘ Apalas ' Haruna Ishola was becoming one of the country 's biggest stars . When the Union Jack was lowered for the last time by the British colonial masters in Lagos and Nigeria 's Green while Green flag was hoisted , highlife was the ruler of the streets .
Ghana had a lot of influence on our music , right from the 1950s and 60s , Ghana had always been Nigerian 's big brother when it comes to music .
Ghanaian highlife stars dominated Nigerian social scene and night clubs due to the authenticity of their sound and immersive melodies . Ghanaian stars were the toast of Lagos and played in night clubs raking exclusive money for many Nigerian bands .
Nigerian artistes had to travel to Ghana to gain knowledge in music before returning to Nigeria to replicate that new direction .
Even Fela Kuti was influenced in Ghana . In 1963 , Fela moved back to Nigeria , reformed Koola Lobitos and trained as radio producer for Nigerian Boardcasting corporation ( NBC ) .
He played for sometime with Victor Olaiya and his All Stars . In 1967 , he went to Ghana to soak up their songs and think up a new musical direction . That was when Fela first called his music Afrobeat . Fela was later banned form Ghana by the Ghanaian government in 1978 after riots broke-out in Accra during his concert when he was performing the song “ Zombie ” .
While in Ghana high life music held more significance , in Nigeria it was felt good music carrying mundane themes and made specifically for dance ; the same way we currently have pop songs about nothing , highlife filled that void in the 60s .
Music was recorded and played live and the best spots to consume live music was at the Lagos clubs which had a mixture of Ghanaian and Nigerian highlife stars , the music was played by bands . The Ghanaian E.T . Mensah easily the most popular highlife performer of the 1950s toured Nigeria frequently , drawing huge crowds of devoted fans .
Bob Benson and his Combo was the first Nigerian highlife band to find audience across the country . Benson was followed by Rex Lawson & The Mayors Dance Band who achieved national fame in the mid 70s ending with Lawson 's death in 1971 . During the same period , other highlife performers were reaching their peak . “ They include Prince Nico Mbaga whose Sweet Mother , was a Pan African hit that sold more than 13 million copies , more than any other African single of any kind .
The Animal Foundation said it is offering free pet adoptions over the weekend . ( File )
The Animal Foundation is offering free cat and dog adoptions Friday and Saturday as part of a new initiative called Maddie 's Pet Project .
Anyone interested in adopting a new pet can either go to the shelter on 655 North Mojave Road , near Bonanza Road or visit the PetSmart Adoption Center in Henderson on 286 West Lake Mead Parkway , near Water Street , from 11 a.m. until 7 p.m. to see the animals .
The free adoptions include spay/neuter surgery , microchipping and up-to-date vaccines . A city/government fee of $ 10 will apply to those living in Las Vegas and North Las Vegas .
The Maddie 's Pet Project promotion is one of the life-saving efforts implemented as part of Mission : Possible 2020 , the shelter 's commitment to save all healthy and treatable animals in its care by 2020 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
On Saturday , comedian and actress Sarah Silverman gathered with other protesters to demand that President Donald Trump release his tax returns to the public .
The “ Tax March ” took place in several cities around the country . It was organized by the same people who organized the Women 's March—so it 's no wonder that we saw many of the same celebrities complaining that Hillary Clinton did n't win the election .
“ Show us your f * * * ing taxes , you emotional child , ” Silverman shouted to an anti-Trump crowd in New York City . “ You like being a superficial bully ? Here 's one for you : You are a three at best . ”
Silverman also tweeted some very crude pictures of signs she brought to the March . Here are just a couple of them :
I made some signs for the # TaxMarch pic.twitter.com/QHfvaXG6KX — Sarah Silverman ( @ SarahKSilverman ) April 16 , 2017
“ I was raised to be an active citizen , ” Silverman said of her involvement . “ I 'm from New Hampshire , my parents are , and that 's what we do . Love America , you love your country . You have to speak up and speak out . ”
Financial stocks buoy Asia bourses after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
A six-year-old boy who had been battling an aggressive and rare form of cancer has beaten the disease .
Jenson Hammond was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia , which affects the white blood cells , in August 2013 .
He began getting treatment immediately and received chemotherapy to fight the disease .
It causes a range of symptoms including bone and joint pain , bruising , bleeding and fever .
Jenson went into remission last year and on May 4 , the Fintry Primary pupil will have his portacath taken out — a central line used to administer chemotherapy drugs .
Mum Leigh Hammond , 27 , from Mill o ' Mains , said : “ This is the final thing .
“ Once he 's got that out , we will be able to put this behind us and focus on the future . It took quite a while to come to terms with it — I thought the worst was going to happen . ”
Now family friend Dave Robbins has organised a charity night with the Hilltown Central Domino League to send the family of five on holiday .
He said : “ When we heard he was finally cancer free it was just amazing .
“ The family has never been to Butlins and we thought that would be a great holiday for them and we hope to raise enough to fully cover their trip — including a bit of spending money .
“ It 's been a tough couple of years for them , they deserve a break . ”
The family had previously been given a new car by city fundraiser Charlie Kean .
Leigh said they had “ lived in fear ” over the past four years .
She said : “ When you hear the word cancer , you absolutely fear the worst . We ca n't wait until May , to be able to wave goodbye to the portacath and put this horrible part of his life behind us . ”
And Leigh said she was “ overwhelmed ” by the kind gesture to help her and partner Stewart Hammond , 36 , take Jenson , Jazlyn , 4 , and Jay-dee , 8 , away for a week .
She said : “ The kids have never been to Butlins and there 's so much to do there , I ca n't wait .
“ Me and Stewart — Jenson 's dad — have n't told them yet though , we 're waiting for the right moment .
“ When Dave first came to us to tell us about his idea for the fundraiser , I was completely surprised .
“ It 's a bit overwhelming actually , I was so shocked , but it 's an incredibly nice gesture . It makes me feel as though my local community is there for me . Jenson has been through a hard time and a short time away will be great for our family . ”
The charity night will take place on Wednesday April 26 at The Black Watch Club at 8pm .
The Trade Union Congress of Nigeria ( TUC ) has kicked against the announcement of a hike in BRT and LAGBUS fares on the basis that operators are already making enough profits out of the monopoly .
In a statement by the TUC ? ? , the chairman of its Lagos state chapter , Comrade Francis Ogunremi ? ? , condemned the increment in transport fare of the BRT and LAGBUS buses approved by the Lagos state government and announced on Monday by the Managing Director of Lagos Metropolitan Area Transport Authority ( LAMATA ) Mr. Abiodun Dabiri .
“ The Lagos state council feels pained that such bus fare increment , which translates into hardship in all sphere of life , could be undertaken at this critical point that there is economic hardship occasioned by failure of governance . ”
“ We therefore insist that this fare hike is insensitive , wicked , ungodly and draconian , to say the least . The move further exposes the state government as being completely out of touch with the realities of the suffering of the masses of the state. ” ?
It will be recalled that the TUC , its counterpart , the Nigeria Labour Congress ( NLC ) and the civil society bodies were forced to stage a protest rally last week because of the pains Nigerians are going through ; unfortunately , the state government appears indifferent of our plight .
According to Ogunremi ? , “ it has become instructive to state that the BRT and LAGBUS are monopolistic undertakings of some private individuals and moneybags ; who is a contrary to fair practice are unduly allocated a section of the public road to the detriment of other people in transport business . We submit that the business is viable at the prevailing fares due to the untenable principle of monopoly , as the single largest transport system at the heart of Lagos .
And that approval of 20-50 % fare hike as an error must be corrected through the withdrawal of the increment .
“ The unilateral nature of the increment without due consultation with other stakeholders including the TUC to examine all the issues related to the increment is condemnable . Hence the Lagos State Council of TUC hereby calls on Governor Ambode to correct his mistake by withdrawing the approval immediately . ”
On Monday , the Lagos state government approved an increment of between 20 and 50 per cent in fares on different routes along the operational corridors in the state .
According to the Managing Director/CEO LAMATA , Engineer Abiodun Dabiri , the increment became necessary due to the economic downturn , which has affected financial projections of the operators .
“ The increment in fares will affect the three major operators in the state such as Primero Bus Service , managers of Bus Rapid Transport ( BRT ) , Bus Franchise Scheme ( BFS ) , and LAGBUS .
Dabiri , stressed that “ Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has approved a fare increase for the three operators effective from Wednesday March 1 , 2017 . The average increases approved range from 20 per cent to 50 per cent on different routes .
“ In approving the fare increase , government weighed the justification of the operators for the increase vis-à-vis the effect on the commuters . ”
“ The current financial crunch however has seen an average cost of operations increase to up to about 110 per cent . With cost of fueling going up by 71 per cent , oil prices up by 64 per cent , tyre costs up by 90 per cent , continued operations is thereby threatened , ” he said .
He said the government recognised the current financial difficulty being experienced by Lagosians and assured public transport users of government 's protection from arbitrary increase ? .
The post TUC kicks against hike in fare of BRT , LAGBUS appeared first on Daily Times Nigeria .
Bigg Boss 11 contestants ( especially , Hina Khan ) do not know as to how their statements are creating controversies outside the house . It has to be recalled that a video in which Hina Khan was seen commenting on Sakshi Tanwar 's eyes had gone viral .
A few television actors took to social media to lash out at Hina Khan for her comment against Sakshi Tanwar . Hina 's boyfriend , Rocky felt that people made unnecessary fuss of Hina 's comment , although the actor in question ( Sakshi ) had n't commented on what Hina said !
Sakshi Tanwar 's Quote On Hina 's Statement Goes Viral Recently , an article on Sakshi Tanwar 's quote on Hina 's statement went viral . In the article , Sakshi was quoted as saying , `` Hina Khan has not intended to demean me . I have seen the entire video too , it was some other contestant who stated that she did n't like my features and Hina just clarified why . '' Sakshi 's Statement The statement further said , `` I do n't understand why Hina is being targeted for no reason . I am mature enough to understand the editing tricks of the channel too . '' Sakshi 's Spokesperson Confirms It 's A Fake Article But Sakshi 's spokesperson has denied it . DNA quoted Sakshi 's spokesperson as saying , `` This is a fake interview . Totally fabricated . '' Sakshi Did n't Give An Interview ! `` Sakshi has not spoken to any online or other publication regarding this whole controversy and does not intend to respond either . It is shocking that this article got posted without any actual interview and online posts are posting it without verifying the truth . '' Kavita Kaushik Confirms That It 's A Fake Article Even Kavita Kaushik took to social media to confirm the article was fake . She wrote , `` It 's a fake article - confirmed by saakshi 🏼 . '' Karan Patel Karan Patel , who has been expressing his views against Hina on the social media , had entered the house as special guest . He lashed out at Arshi and Hina Khan for their behaviour . Karan Takes A Dig At Hina Again ! Now , again Karan took to social media to take a dig at Hina ( and her boyfriend , Rocky ) regarding the fake article . He wrote , `` Kya yaar # MissGrace ka pre-paid pyaar apna PR theek se nahi kar paya .... 😂😂😂😂😂 . '' Rohan Rohan Mehra 's Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai co-actor ) , who had entered the house as special guest , had suggested Hina Khan not to take names when they are discussing about other actors ! Well , we hope Hina takes Rohan 's suggestion seriously !
Bigg Boss 11 : SHOCKING ! Makers Paid Priyank Sharma 's Ex Divya Agarwal A Huge Amount To Create Drama !
Sidnei Araujo with his eight year old son Joao who was tragically killed ( 1st photo ) . Araujo had been involved in a bitter custody dispute with his ex-wife Isamara over their son ( 2nd photo )
A dad has shot dead eleven people including his eight-year-old son and ex-wife in a New Year 's Eve massacre .
Sidnei Araujo , 46 , burst into a family party in Campinas , a city near São Paulo in Brazil , and went on a killing spree armed with a handgun .
He killed eleven people including his ex-wife Isamara Filier , with whom he had been locked in a bitter custody battle , and their son João Victor before turning the gun on himself .
One man was shot in the leg but survived by pretending to be dead , his sister said .
A teenager who was also at the party told O Globo TV station : “ At first , I thought it was nothing , then I realised I had heard gunshots . I hid in the bathroom . He tried to break the door , but could n't . ”
Police found a 9mm pistol , a pocket knife and explosives on Araujo 's body . The other victims , who were all adults , included Isamara 's 33-year-old brother Rafael .
Liliane Ferreira , who was hosting the party , was killed along with five of her relatives .
Her husband was wounded and remains in hospital .
Araujo left an audio message on his mobile phone apologising and blaming his ex-wife .
He was a government scientist at the National Center for Research in Energy and Materials and had studied at prestigious universities .
Friends have been left shocked by his actions .
One wrote online : “ He 's always been wonderful . We grew up together .
“ You can not believe he did such outrage . He was an example of a person . ”
Un De Sceaux saw off stable companion Douvan to claim victory in the BoyleSports Champion Chase at Punchestown .
Trainer Willie Mullins saddled four of the nine runners in the two-mile Grade One , with Douvan the 4-5 favourite under Paul Townend .
However , the admirable Un De Sceaux , ridden by the trainer 's son , Patrick , fenced fluently out in front and passed the post two and three-quarters of a length ahead of the odds-on market leader .
A Toi Phil finished third , but was another seven lengths adrift at the line .
Un De Sceaux makes all and holds off stablemate Douvan to win the Grade One Champion 's Chase # PunchestownFestival https : //t.co/3qP47H9Tlr pic.twitter.com/XQsOkkI6E7 — RTÉ Racing ( @ RTEracing ) April 24 , 2018
Patrick Mullins said : `` I 've been dreaming about riding that horse . When I was told I was riding him I was like Charlie when he got the golden ticket off Willie Wonka !
`` I schooled him yesterday and even schooling him was some buzz .
`` It took him a while to warm up into the race . He did n't jump or travel like he can and I was a little worried , but I think that was just the good ground .
`` Once he 'd warmed up I just let him at it and he runs horses into the ground . ''
He added : `` Realistically I did n't think he was going to beat Douvan or Min on this ground over this trip , but he 's a horse that always runs well , so you can never count him out . ''
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
× Dinosaurs are coming to Kansas City
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Prehistoric beasts are coming to Union Station July 3 , 2018 . The experience allows people to journey into the past and see how dinosaurs ruled and roamed the planet .
The exhibit will focus on dinosaurs that inhabited North America millions and millions of years ago . The beasts are from the Triassic , Jurassic and Cretaceous periods .
26 life-sized dinosaurs will be on display .
The dinosaurs will move , roar , and come with a multitude of facts . There will be two massive full body skeletons , dozens of real fossils and hands-on digging experiences .
Those attending the exhibit will also hear from scientists as they talk about some of North America 's most prolific dig sites . You 'll also get the chance to meet real dinosaur hunters who 've led expeditions .
The exhibit includes a 3D augmented reality volcano , dinosaur tracks , puzzles and more .
For more information on ticketing prices , dates , and more head to Dinosaurs Revealed .
Post Office gave bonuses despite staff feedback survey delay
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
This image taken from video shows people climbing on the side of the Statue of Liberty 's pedestal on Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 in New York . Several people who hung a banner calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the statue 's pedestal have been arrested , and authorities say a person is scaling the statue 's base . National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says the climber was at the base beneath the statue 's foot Wednesday afternoon . Willis says police are atop the base , advising the climber to go down . It 's unclear whether the climb is related to the earlier banner demonstration .
AP
After the arrest of seven protesters who unfurled a banner reading `` Abolish I.C.E . '' at the Statue of Liberty on Wednesday , a woman climbed the base of the statue , prompting officials to close the national monument to tourists .
Jerry Willis , a spokesman with the National Park Service , told USA TODAY that the woman was still sitting on the base of the statue and talking to police as of 4:30 p.m. Wednesday .
Willis said Ellis Island was closed Wednesday out of `` an abundance of caution '' after the events . As of 4:30 p.m. , tourists were being loaded on boats off the island and no new boats were headed for the island , he said .
Willis had no information on whether the woman 's actions were related to the earlier arrests , which occurred at around 2:30 p.m .
Opinion : Abolish ICE , transfer critical functions : Rep. Mark Pocan
June 27 : ICE on ice ? Move to abolish ICE , at center of storm in immigration battle , has a long way to go
The seven protesters received summonses to appear in federal court , Willis said . The protesters hung a large black banner emblazoned with the message `` Abolish I.C.E . '' in white lettering from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty .
Federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument , Willis told The Associated Press .
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say in a release they hung the banner to protest U.S. immigration policy .
In a tweet the group said they oppose the Trump administration and advocate ending deportations as well as family separations at the border .
Rise and Resist is at the Statue of Liberty demanding Trump and the GOP # AbolishICE , reunite families now , halt deportations , and end detention as a deterrent . # EndFamilySeparation # AbolishCBP # FreeOurFuture # HereToStay pic.twitter.com/panS03KTFe — Rise and Resist ( @ riseandresistny ) July 4 , 2018
ICE stands for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , a division of the Department of Homeland Security . Among other duties , its officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the U.S .
Rise and Resist , tweeted that the climber is not related to the earlier protest .
Contributing : The Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A hero PCSO , who was attacked by a wanted man while detaining him on own his for 10 minutes , has been praised for his bravery .
Simon Smith was on patrol in the Sutton area at about 5.20pm on Sunday when he came across a man he believed to be wanted . He followed him for a couple of minutes asking him to stop , while checking his details .
Confirmation came back that the man was indeed wanted for recall to prison and failing to appear in court .
Simon , who as a PCSO does n't have the equipment a police constable would have in order to restrain someone , went on to detain the man despite being met with an immediate aggressive response where he was assaulted , verbally abused and threatened for about 10 minutes .
His body worn video details the entire event .
Joseph Holt , 21 , of Kenilworth Close , Worksop , was arrested and charged with assaulting an accredited person and was sentenced yesterday at Nottingham Magistrates ' Court to seven days in prison for the assault charge and a further seven days to run concurrently for other offences which related to a breach of license when he committed another theft on May 3 this year at Farmfoods Ltd , Victoria Retail Park , Worksop .
Police Sergeant Simon Scales said : I 'm so proud of Simon for his response during this incident . Despite being dragged around and suffering minor injuries , he held onto the suspect beyond the point of complete exhaustion . As a PCSO , he has no restraint equipment so I ca n't praise him enough for his perseverance , bravery and professionalism throughout .
`` PCSOs do far more than people realise and as a community , I do n't think we fully appreciate the work that they do . ''
Our obsession with robots keeps getting creepier LONDON — Inspired by his belief that human beings are essentially terrified of robots , Ben Russell set about charting the evolution of automatons for an exhibition he hopes will force ...
Beanie Babies creator avoids prison in tax evasion plea deal CHICAGO — The billionaire creator of Beanie Babies was sentenced to two years of probation , but no prison time , on Tuesday for tax evasion on $ 25 million in income he ...
Beanie Babies creator : I had a bad childhood , do n't send me to prison The Beanie Babies creator has turned into a cry baby . Ty Warner , who in October admitted to stashing as much as $ 107 million in a Swiss bank account to evade ...
Beanie Babies creator cries , pleads guilty to tax evasion CHICAGO — The billionaire who created Beanie Babies broke down crying in court Wednesday as he pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion for hiding $ 25 million in income ...
Sony Pictures ( LOS ANGELES ) — Sony Pictures has relented — at least partially — on its plan to offer consumers “ clean versions ” of previously released movies .
Last week , Sony announced that it would make its cleaned-up broadcast TV or airline versions of 24 movies available to consumers who purchase films on various download and streaming sites . But that plan faced strong objections from some filmmakers and from the Directors Guild of America , reported Variety .
“ Directors have the right to edit their feature films for every non-theatrical platform , plain and simple , ” the Guild said , adding that releasing a cut made for one platform on another violates the Guild 's agreement with the studio .
Judd Apatow , producer of one movie on Sony 's list , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby , had particularly not-clean words for the plan on Twitter , writing , “ This is absolute bulls * * * and @ sony and @ SonyPictures is gon na get hell for F * * * * * * with our movies . Shove the clean versions up your a * * * * ! ”
On Wednesday , Sony announced a change in its plans , saying the studio wo n't sell clean versions of the movies against directors ' wishes .
“ Our directors are of paramount importance to us and we want to respect those relationships to the utmost , ” Man Jit Singh , president of Sony Pictures Home Entertainment said in a statement to Variety on Wednesday . “ We believed we had obtained approvals from the filmmakers involved for use of their previously supervised television versions as a value added extra on sales of the full version . But if any of them are unhappy or have reconsidered , we will discontinue it for their films . ”
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Want More News Like This ?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site , along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
NOAA/NHC
Tropical Storm Nate is predicted to hit the Gulf Coast Saturday night , including Pensacola and the rest of the Florida Panhandle . In preparation for the storm , which is also expected to become a Category 1 Hurricane before it makes landfall near New Orleans , Florida Governor Rick Scott has already issued a state of emergency for panhandle counties . Here 's a look at the latest forecast for Pensacola .
The 1:00 p.m. CDT forecast from the National Hurricane Center on October 6 shows Nate just off the coast of Louisiana by 7 p.m. Saturday , October 7 . By that time , it is predicted to develop into at least a Category 1 hurricane . This means maximum sustained winds between 74 mph and 95 mph .
The 1:00 p.m. CDT public advisory reports that a Tropical Storm Watch is in effect for “ East of the Okaloosa/Walton County Line to Indian Pass , Florida. ” A Storm Surge Watch is also in effect for “ East of the Alabama/Florida border to Indian Pass Florida. ” A Tropical Storm Watch “ means that tropical storm conditions are possible within the watch area , generally within 48 hours , ” according to the NOAA .
It is a fast-moving storm , moving north-northwest at 21 mph with maximum sustained winds at 50 mph by Friday afternoon .
As the storm began to develop , Scott declared a state of emergency in Escambia , Santa Rosa , Okaloosa , Walton , Holmes , Washington , Bay , Jackson , Calhoun , Gulf , Gadsden , Liberty , Franklin , Leon , Wakulla , Jefferson , Madison , Taylor , Hamilton , Suwannee , Lafayette , Dixie , Columbia , Gilchrist , Levy , Baker , Union , Bradford , and Alachua counties . Pensacola is the county seat of Escambia County , which is the westernmost county in Florida and borders Alabama .
“ I have declared a state of emergency for 29 counties in Florida to make certain that state , federal and local governments are able to work together and ensure resources are dispersed to local communities , ” Scott said on October 5 . “ By declaring an emergency in these counties , we can also ensure that there is no hindrance in the transportation of supplies and assets . ”
Florida residents can use FloridaDisaster.org/GetAPlan to create their own hurricane preparedness plan .
According to the Pensacola News Journal , the Escambia County Emergency Operations Center is fully operational . County officials will also determine by Friday if they need to issue evacuation orders .
Here 's the seven-day forecast for Pensacola , from the National Weather Service :
Friday Afternoon : A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Partly sunny , with a high near 85 . East wind 10 to 15 mph , with gusts as high as 20 mph .
Friday Night : A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms , mainly after 1am . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 77 . East wind around 10 mph .
Saturday : Showers and possibly a thunderstorm . High near 84 . East wind around 15 mph , with gusts as high as 20 mph . Chance of precipitation is 80 % . New rainfall amounts between a quarter and half of an inch possible .
Saturday Night : Tropical storm conditions possible . Showers and possibly a thunderstorm . Low around 78 . Chance of precipitation is 80 % .
Sunday : Tropical storm conditions possible . Showers and possibly a thunderstorm . High near 82 . Chance of precipitation is 80 % .
Sunday Night : A 40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Cloudy , with a low around 77 . South wind 10 to 15 mph , with gusts as high as 25 mph .
Monday : A 40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Mostly cloudy , with a high near 85 . South wind around 10 mph .
Monday Night : A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 75 . South wind around 5 mph .
Tuesday : A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Partly sunny , with a high near 86 . West wind around 5 mph becoming south in the afternoon .
Tuesday Night : A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 71 .
Wednesday : A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Partly sunny , with a high near 84 .
Wednesday Night : Partly cloudy , with a low around 67 .
Thursday : Sunny , with a high near 82 .
YOU JUST SAW :
Pope Francis arrives for an audience with the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart of Jesus , at the Vatican Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 . ( L'Osservatore Romano/Poo Photo via AP )
To ensure hitch-free hosting of African Wrestling Championship in February next year in Port Harcourt , the Rivers State Governor , Chief Nyesom Wike has inaugurated a 13-man Local organising committee ( LOC ) .
While inaugurating the committee at the Government House , Port Harcourt , last Wednesday , the governor charged the LOC members to stage a befitting and world class event .
Nigeria won the hosting right after edging out Tunisia in August this year , and the championship will hold in Port Harcourt from February 7 through February 11 , 2018 . This is the first time Nigeria will be hosting the championship in its 42 years history .
According to him , the competition is important to the state , adding that he will personally look for other sponsors that will assist the state government .
“ This competition is important to Rivers State . Give it all it takes . I urge you to start working immediately .
“ Make sure that all the requirements are put in place for the championship . I will personally work to ensure that we have other sponsors for the event “ .
The governor explained that the African Wrestling Championship will be given top priority in the coming four months , as it will effectively showcase Nigeria and Rivers State .
He urged the committee to work directly with security agencies to ensure that there is no security breach during the Championship .
Wike specifically charged the Vice Chairman of the Local Organising Committee and President of the Nigeria Wrestling Federation , Mr Daniel Igali to bring his experience and expertise to the table for the success of the event .
Responding on behalf of the committee , Rivers State Commissioner for Sports , Hon . Boma Iyaye assured the governor that the committee will deliver on its mandate .
He said that the committee will conduct a hitch-free African Wrestling Championship that everyone will be proud of .
The members of the committee include :
Boma Iyaye – Commissioner for Sports ( Chairman ) , Daniel Igali – President , Nigeria Wrestling Federation ( Vice Chairman ) Stephen Adue – Director of Administration , Ministry of Sports ( Secretary ) , Barrister Emma Okah – Commissioner for Information and Communications ( member ) , Professor Princewill Chike – Commissioner for Health ( member ) and Mrs Tonye Briggs Oniyide – Commissioner for Culture and Tourism ( member )
Others are Mr Honour Sirawoo – President , SWAN ( member ) , Representative of Federal Minister of Sports , Commissioner of Police/Rep . member , Chief Jackson Bidei – ( Representative of Nigeria Wrestling Federation ) , J.J. Kio – member , Ambassador Koko – Chief of Protocol/Senior special assistant ( member ) and Falilat Ogunkoya – Nigeria Olympic Committee .
Tonye Orabere
Caesars Entertainment will no longer test for marijuana as part of its pre-employment screening process .
“ I think it 's a great idea , ” consumer and Las Vegas Releaf bud tender Lindsay Steele said . “ It 's giving everyone a chance to get those jobs that pay well . ”
Steele said she regularly consumes medical marijuana to relieve her severe migraines . Before she started working at Releaf , it was challenging to find decent-paying jobs .
“ I would go for interviews knowing I would n't get those [ jobs ] because I was partaking in medical marijuana . ”
While Steele said she supports the new policy change because she believes it will help open doors for job seekers who consume . Caesars Entertainment is hopeful it will fill the current void in its work force .
“ We noticed we had some qualified candidates who failed under our old rules and they were n't eligible to be hired , ” Caesars Entertainment Executive Vice President of Public Affairs and Communications Richard Broome said .
Broome added that jobs related to transportation will still require a marijuana drug test .
“ The landscape is changing , so we felt we might be missing out on some good candidates if we did n't change our marijuana screening process . ”
Broome said the company will still enforce some of its older rules . Employees who consume on the job or come to work high will be fired .
MGM International did not respond to a request for comment on whether the company planned to make similar changes .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
A driver who fled the U.S. Border Patrol through Otay Mesa and crashed while transporting illegal immigrants was sentenced to 48 months in prison Monday .
Miguel Angel Tejada-Loaiza , 21 , a Mexican citizen without status in the U.S. , was driving six other unauthorized immigrants near the Otay Mesa Port of Entry , after they crossed over from Mexico to San Diego , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office .
U.S. District Judge Larry Burns emphasized the `` callous '' nature of Tejada-Loaiza 's actions . When compared to other illegal human smuggling crimes , he said , `` This case is at the very aggravated end of the spectrum . ''
While fleeing the authorities , Tejada-Loaiza made a sharp turn and crashed his car into a guard rail , ejecting two of his passengers on April 23 , 2017 . They were hospitalized for several weeks with serious injuries , stated the U.S. Attorney 's office .
One of the injured passengers required emergency back surgery and was on a ventilator for over three weeks . The other was a minor who suffered lacerations on his face and body .
It happened when U.S. Border Patrol agents spotted his Ford Expedition car parked in a location that was detected with a seismic intrusion device , according to the report . An agent heard yelling coming from the vehicle and observed the driver , Tejada-Loaiza , gesture to other people to get in his car .
They took off in pursuit of Tejada-Loaiza and tried to pull him over . But he abruptly turned onto a north-bound road and continued speeding faster , refusing to yield . He reached speeds of about 75 mph , stated the U.S. Attorney 's office .
Tejada-Loaiza pleaded guilty to illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain on May 23 . He admitted that he knew he was violating laws and the immigrants were paying him as much as $ 5,000 to be smuggled into the U.S .
The Boise Nationals and FC Nova combined U-19 girls team was the first Idaho team to win a Far West Regional soccer title in 2016 . The two clubs will join on a permanent basis in June as the Boise Timbers-Thorns . Katherine Jones kjones @ idahostatesman.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
HATE CRIME SOARED TO RECORD LEVELS IN MOST AREAS AFTER BREXIT VOTE
Record levels of hate crime were reported by three-quarters of police forces in England and Wales after last year 's EU referendum , analysis has shown .
In some areas the number of incidents jumped by more than 50 % .
A human rights organisation has said the country should prepare for the possibility of further spikes in offences once the Brexit process has begun .
UKIP 'S PAUL NUTTALL 'VERY SORRY ' OVER CLAIM CLOSE FRIENDS DIED AT HILLSBOROUGH
Ukip leader Paul Nuttall has said he is `` very sorry '' over a false claim that he had lost close personal friends in the Hillsborough disaster .
Mr Nuttall was forced to admit the claim posted on his website was wrong after he was challenged during an interview with Radio City Talk in Liverpool .
`` I have n't lost a close personal friend , I 've lost someone who I know , '' he told presenter Dave Eason , adding : `` I have n't put that out , that is wrong . ''
CHANCELLOR URGED TO CREATE FAIR TAX SYSTEM FOR HIGH STREET AND ONLINE BUSINESSES
Business leaders are calling on Chancellor Philip Hammond to tackle anomalies in the tax system that see high street shops pay higher rates on small premises than online giants do for vast warehouses .
The Institute of Directors ( IoD ) said the Chancellor should use next month 's Budget to set up a New Economy Tax Commission to make the system fit for the modern age of internet shopping and the `` platform economy '' .
With many small shops and pubs bracing themselves for sharp rises in their tax bills due to business rate revaluations this year , the IoD called for further relief for businesses based in properties worth up to £100,000 .
HEADING THE BALL REPEATEDLY 'CAN RESULT IN DEVELOPMENT OF DEMENTIA '
Footballers who repeatedly head the ball can end up suffering from dementia , new findings have suggested , prompting calls for more research into a long-suspected issue in the sport .
A potential cause of dementia thought to arise from blows to the head has , for the first time , been confirmed in a group of retired footballers following a small study .
The results provide a platform for a `` pressing research question '' on whether dementia is more common in footballers than the general population , the authors said .
WEIGHT GAIN OVER A LIFETIME CAN DRAMATICALLY INCREASE CANCER RISK , STUDY SHOWS
Health experts have urged younger people to try to maintain a healthy weight throughout their lives as figures show that gaining pounds over a lifetime can dramatically increase the risk of certain types of cancer .
People who are overweight in their 20s and become obese in later life could be three times more likely to develop cancer of the food pipe or the upper stomach , the study found .
Researchers at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda , in the US , analysed data on more than 400,000 people , including information on their height and weight at ages 20 , 50 and at the time they gave the information .
SIR MICHAEL FALLON WILL ASK NATO ALLIES TO MEET 2 % DEFENCE SPENDING TARGET
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon is to step up calls to Nato allies to boost their military spending to counter the growing threats of terrorism and cyber warfare .
Attending a meeting of alliance defence ministers , Sir Michael will echo demands by US President Donald Trump for all member states to meet the Nato target of spending 2 % of GDP on defence .
The two-day gathering in Brussels will mark the first visit to Nato headquarters of new US defence secretary General James Mattis since he took office last month .
DISILLUSIONED PASSENGERS RESIGNED TO POOR RAIL SERVICE , RESEARCH SHOWS
One in five passengers is `` resigned to poor service '' on Britain 's railways , according to a study .
Long-term issues have resulted in `` high levels of disillusionment '' , a report by dispute resolution organisation Ombudsman Services found .
Complaints about rail services increased by almost a third ( 31 % ) to two million last year , its survey of 2,477 people suggested .
CHURCH OF ENGLAND TO DEBATE NEW STANCE ON GAYS AMID PROTEST
Leading figures in the Church of England are to debate homosexuality and same-sex marriage amid criticism that it is failing to give gay people a voice .
A report by the House of Bishops , which will be presented to the General Synod , calls for the Church to adopt a `` fresh tone and culture of welcome and support '' for gay people but not to change its opposition to same-sex marriage .
It also suggests gay and straight men and women training to join the priesthood should face the same questions about their lifestyle - a move which has been likened to a `` Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell '' policy .
Nevada is reporting a monthly increase in taxable sales in February , for the 92nd consecutive month .
The Nevada Department of Taxation reported Wednesday that the $ 4.35 billion taxable sales figure for the month represented a 3.2 percent increase over February 2017 .
State economist Bill Anderson says there has been a steady increase since the low point during the Great Recession , and taxable sales are now up almost 60 percent since mid-2010 .
Statewide , taxable sales are up 4.2 percent for the first eight months of this fiscal year compared with the same period last year .
The report says the state has collected more than $ 88 million in sales taxes this fiscal year , compared with just under $ 83 million a year ago .
The biggest gains have been in professional , science and technology services and building materials sales .
Copyright 2018 Associated Press . All rights reserved .
Recovery efforts resuming for small plane carrying 6
hello
Capt . Michael Mullen of the U.S. Coast Guard answers questions during a news conference at Burke Lakefront Airport , Friday , Dec. 30 , 2016 , in Cleveland . The U.S. Coast Guard says there 's been no sign of debris or those aboard a plane that took off from the airport on the shores of Lake Erie and went missing overnight . Associated Press
A search plane flies over Lake Erie , Friday , Dec. 30 , 2016 , in Cleveland . A U.S. Coast Guard official said crews are in search-and-rescue mode , not recovery mode , as they look for a plane carrying six people that disappeared overnight shortly after takeoff from a Cleveland airport along Lake Erie 's shore . Associated Press
In this Aug. 1 , 2008 photo , Dublin Irish Festival honorary chairman John T. Fleming proposes at toast following the tapping of the first Dublin Stout Keg at Brazenhead in Dublin , Ohio . A flight-tracking service shows that a plane piloted by the Ohio executive with five other people onboard quickly lost altitude after taking off from Cleveland 's lakeshore airport . The parents of Superior Beverage Company executive John T. Fleming confirmed he was piloting the Columbus-bound plane when it vanished late Thursday , Dec. 29 , 2016 , over Lake Erie . ( ThisWeek Newspapers/The Columbus Dispatch via AP ) Associated Press
CLEVELAND -- Authorities say recovery efforts are resuming in the search for a small plane carrying six people that disappeared over Lake Erie , near Cleveland .
The city of Cleveland said Monday morning that weather conditions are favorable for searching , with light winds and fairly calm waters . Seven vessels and four dive teams are taking part in waters 35-45 feet deep .
The city says there have been multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport , where a plane carrying a family of four and two neighbors departed late Thursday . Police say they have confirmed that a bag recovered Sunday was from the aircraft . No details have been released . It was found near a private harbor in a small lakeside community .
The other debris had n't been verified as from the plane .
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association , Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019 . Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari , adding th ...
We 're not sure what to make of this one , but here it goes .
Texas authorities claim that a home owned by former NBA star Chris Bosh has been recently raided because they suspected someone in the house was selling drugs .
According to USA TODAY , Bosh 's mother Frieda Bosh is the current resident and her name is on the police warrant .
In a statement released from the DeSoto police department , they claim they received information from several sources that a large number of strange cars were coming and going from the house . The same sources also told authorities that they saw “ hand to hand ” drug type transactions occurring outside the residence .
Whether or not that is true remains to be seen , but when searching the home , “ detectives seized a large amount of drug paraphernalia which is indicative of narcotics trafficking . ”
However NO arrests were made .
A home owned by Chris Bosh was the target of a police drug trafficking raid , with the NBA star 's mother named as one of the suspects . # TMZ # TMZSports pic.twitter.com/TeaEPnkJyI — TMZ ( @ TMZ ) December 8 , 2017
Yet , according to TMZ one of the men suspected in the crack-cocaine-heroin trade was accused in the past of shooting a man in the face during a drug deal . That , and they claim the home was guarded by a large iron fence and outfitted with security cameras , to which they claim is “ a common tactic for drug traffickers. ” ( Or someone whose son is a millionaire and wants their privacy . )
As of now , Chris Bosh has not been named as a suspect in the sting and his only connection is that he owns the home .
Arrests could be made in the near future . In the meantime , Bosh has yet to release a statement about the raid .
According to Twitter , Bosh and his family appear to be in Mexico :
This is a developing story and we will provide updates as they become available .
RELATED NEWS :
The Internet Is Parent Shaming Draya Michele For Not Wanting To Help Son With Homework
Tyrese Admits He Lied About Wife 's Pregnancy , Blames Prescription Drug Use
Joseline Hernandez Opens Up About Drug Use ' All The Reality Shows Give Cast Members Drugs '
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
Bank of America Corp. is scheduled to report first-quarter earnings before the bell on Tuesday , and analysts are expecting similar trends to those seen at rivals last week of strong trading profits but weak loan growth .
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , +1.52 % and Citigroup Inc C , +1.32 % reported their numbers last week , and both banks had a strong trading quarter after equity indexes hit repeated records . Their investment-banking divisions benefited from stronger equity capital markets as the initial-public-offering market came back to life after a subdued 2016 and the flow of debt issuance remained strong .
But loan growth was weak , after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in December and signaled two more rate hikes this year .
“ The loan growth deceleration in all of these reports did n't come as a surprise — we had seen it in Fed data already , ” said Sheraz Mian , research director at Zack 's .
Mian noted that some of the explanations offered included lower mortgage activity in the wake of higher rates , weak car-loan demand and strong capital markets activities that encouraged bigger issuers to tap the bond market instead of banks .
Read also : Jamie Dimon says fixing mortgage industry would boost lending by $ 300 billion a year
“ But these explanations for the slowdown are far from satisfactory , particularly given the backdrop of steadily improving consumer and business confidence and expectations of ramped-up U.S. economic growth , ” he wrote in a Monday note .
Do n't miss : 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices
Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple Store ( 1:31 ) As e-banking technology has improved , the number of bank branches is expected to fall by a third in the next decade . But rather than get rid of branches altogether , banks are trying to give them makeovers to get customers to still come in .
Jefferies analysts said loan growth “ is the first-quarter soft spot and biggest forward wildcard . ”
But analysts led by Ken Usdin expect loan guidance to remain intact as banks pin their hopes on a better second half .
Jefferies is expecting Bank of America BAC , +1.97 % to post a 6 % increase in net interest income versus the fourth quarter , “ driven by 18 basis points of net interest margin expansion from higher loan yields , lower premium amortization , and the absence of negative hedge ineffectiveness ( which reduced last quarter 's net interest margin by 4 basis points ) , ” according to the note .
Analysts are expected to seek an update on the bank 's outlook for regulatory change , after the election of President Donald Trump in November fueled a rally in bank stocks on expectations he would roll back the set of rules known as Dodd-Frank . Bank stocks have since pulled back as those expectations have been tempered by uncertainty in Washington following the defeat of the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act .
Bank of America shares gained 48 % from November 8 to their post-election peak in March , but are now up just 33 % .
See : The data show the ‘ Trump bump ' is dead
Investors will also be keen for commentary on how other Trump agenda items , such as corporate tax reform and repatriation of overseas cash , may play out .
Here 's what to expect in the B. of A. report :
Earnings : Bank of America is expected to report per-share earnings of 35 cents , up from 21 cents a year ago , according to analysts polled by FactSet .
Estimize , which crowdsources estimates from sell-side and buy-side analysts , hedge funds , academics and others , is expecting earnings of 37 cents a share .
Revenue : Analysts polled by FactSet are expecting revenue of $ 21.649 billion , up from $ 19.512 billion a year ago . Estimize analysts are expecting revenue of $ 21.574 billion .
Share price : Bank of America shares were up 0.7 % on Monday , and have gained 1.8 % in 2017 so far , underperforming the S & P 500 's SPX , +0.72 % 4.5 % gain and the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's DJIA , +0.75 % 4 % gain . But the stock has gained 60 % in the last 12 months , while the S & P 500 has gained just 12 % .
The average rating of FactSet analysts is the equivalent of buy , with an average share-price target of $ 22.80 , just pennies above its current trading level .
The Financial Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund XLF , +1.48 % has fallen 0.5 % in 2017 .
Photo via Pixabay
LAST WEEK , JOURNALISTS AT SEVERAL local newspapers run by Berkshire Hathaway 's BH Media Group were met with news that their owner was slashing nearly 300 jobs companywide . Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett was told about the cross-country layoffs , but “ his opinion was not sought or offered , ” according to reporter and “ Warren Watch ” columnist Steve Jordon at The Omaha World-Herald , a BH Media Group newspaper that did not sustain any cuts . Rather , BH Media left it to the papers to implement layoffs themselves .
At the The Richmond Times-Dispatch , the news was unexpected , and moved through the newsroom with the severity of a spinning blade . Throughout the day , reporters at the paper got word of who had ducked it , and who had been cut .
“ As you are all well aware , we have been struggling with long-term declines in print revenue and lower-than-expected digital advertising results , ” wrote Times-Dispatch publisher Thomas A. Silvestri in a memo to employees . In all , Silvestri wrote , company cuts “ resulted in the layoff of 33 full-time employees , a reorganization of the printed newspaper and the implementation of other cost-saving measures . ”
At BH Media papers , anxiety has perhaps replaced the optimism of five years earlier , when they were acquired . Berkshire Hathaway 's annual reports show a significant decline in daily circulation at each newspaper between 2012 and 2016 . [ See graphs , below . ] While some BH Media papers reported the layoffs , more than a half dozen newsroom managers declined to discuss future plans for their news organizations with CJR or did not respond . Those who did emphasize the critical value of local news coverage , as well as the need for innovative new revenue streams and a greater digital transition .
Sign up for weekly emails from the United States Project
BH Media CEO Terry Kroeger touched on the latter point in a memo to employees . “ As we make these cost reductions , ” wrote Kroeger , “ we will at the same time increase our investments in our digital future . ”
But at what must feel like a tenuous moment for BH Media newspapers , the details of those investments—like the fates of the papers themselves—are unclear .
I will say this about Berkshire Hathaway : They have said from the very beginning that decisions were local and they 've stayed with that .
IN 2012 , BUFFETT SNAPPED UP NEWSPAPERS large and small ( after acquiring his hometown paper , The Omaha World Herald * ) as part of a $ 142 million deal with Media General . Through BH Media , Buffett then bought even more newspapers , bringing the company 's total to 31 dailies and 50 weeklies . Buffett 's reputation—as the Oracle of Omaha , a billionaire investment wizard whose buy-low-sell-high long-hold strategy is legendary—made the acquisition seem like a bright spot in a struggling industry . At the time , CJR asked , “ Does Warren Buffett see something the rest of us do n't ? ”
When it comes to delivering local news , Buffett wrote to shareholders in his 2012 annual report , “ Newspapers continue to reign supreme. ” At the Times-Dispatch in Richmond , Silvestri described staffers at the time “ smiling , because we have certainty , and they 're smiling because we have a company that believes in not just newspapers but also digital transformation . ”
During the past four years , however , Buffett changed his tune . “ Newspapers are going to go downhill , ” he told Politico 's Playbook last summer . “ Most newspapers , the transition to the internet so far has n't worked in digital . ”
TRENDING : 8 steps to upgrade your everyday news stories with ‘ tiny narratives '
In his memo to employees , BH Media 's Kroeger blamed the company 's layoffs on impacts of the Great Digital Disruption , now well into its second decade . Regional and national advertisers taking big hits from online retailers have cut back spending on print ads , Kroeger wrote . More and more readers are getting their news on online . Digital revenue has not closed the gap from declines in print advertising and circulation .
“ Therefore , we need to cut our expenses , ” Kroeger wrote :
“ It is imperative that we take this action . Otherwise some of our operations will become unprofitable . And , like it or not , profitable news organizations are necessary to practice exceptional journalism . ”
BETWEEN 2012 AND 2016 , DAILY CIRCULATION declined at every BH Media Group newspaper , according to a comparison of BH Media 's annual reports . During that time , The Buffalo News saw a drop from 142,750 to 116,235 , and The Omaha World Herald went from 130,001 to 99,104 . The Richmond Times-Dispatch had a daily circulation of 107,226 in 2012 ; it has dropped by 17 percent , to 88,715 , over the past four years . At the smaller Morning News in Florence , South Carolina , the drop during the same time period amounted to almost 36 percent , from 22,077 to 14,228 .
During a time of declining print readership and ad revenue , how have these papers tried to ensure their own sustainability ? I reached out to about a dozen newsroom managers from around the country . Many referred CJR to BH Media or did not respond . Kroeger , the company 's CEO , was out of town and unable to speak with CJR before publication .
A few BH Media properties , however , might provide some instructive examples .
Since becoming a Berkshire Hathaway property in 2013 , The Press of Atlantic City acquired several weekly papers , shrank staff and has evolved into a more digital-centric newsroom . The paper launched mobile apps , created a digital news team , redesigned its website and grew its video offerings . It created a multimedia editor position , live-streamed events , launched podcasts and partnered with a local university to create a news TV show . By the end of 2013 , total page views on the paper 's website were 48.8 million ; by the end of last year , that number reached 75 million , editor Kris Worrell tells CJR .
And yet the paper was forced to lay off 12 employees as part of BH Media 's cuts . Worrell interprets that as an indication the paper is not immune from afflictions on the industry as a whole . Growing a digital audience has n't ensured sufficient digital revenue .
“ Some of that is our fault in that we , as news operations , have n't been quick to offer enough digital solutions to our customers , ” she says . “ But some of it is educating and transitioning our advertisers onto alternate platforms , so their messages can be seen by the most eyeballs . We have a greater audience here at The Press than we ever have before , and now we need to make sure the advertisers can benefit from that . ”
The cuts last week were difficult for The Press of Atlantic City to make , but Worrell believes the paper has a strategy for transitioning its readers—and advertisers—to its digital platforms .
TRENDING : Paper fires back at criticism of article on United passenger 's past
In Oklahoma , the Tulsa World 's marketing department has led an effort that includes holding public events to bring in new revenue . The paper hosted a garage sale , a senior living expo , and a cooking show , and plans to hold a high school football awards event , says executive editor Susan Ellerbach . The paper also anticipates running more sponsored content .
Despite efforts at innovation , The World 's management team kept close tabs on budgets and crafted a contingency plan . When corporate announced the cutbacks , the paper implemented its plan and made 28 layoffs accordingly .
“ I will say this about Berkshire Hathaway : They have said from the very beginning that decisions were local and they 've stayed with that , ” Ellerbach tells CJR . “ Decisions are left up to the publisher and the publisher 's team . And I greatly appreciate that. ” She says Tulsa World is a profitable paper and always has been , “ but we want to make sure that we are going to maintain that level of profitability going forward . ”
There will be sponsored content . Premium magazines . E-commerce . Paid events . Services . Severances—and , if things get better , offers to return to employment .
IN CHARLOTTESVILLE , VIRGINIA , The Daily Progress did not lay off anyone in its newsroom , though it also will not hire a reporter as it had planned , and will likely see departures of older journalists in the coming months and years . Publisher Rob Jiranek says he does n't believe local ad dollars have dried up ; rather , it 's just a matter of getting advertisers to spend those dollars on the paper . Doing so means doubling down on doing the best local journalism The Daily Progress can .
“ I would caution anyone from saying ‘ what this means is , ' but there 's certainly a strong instinct and faith that we need to maintain the fundamental strength of our newsrooms and the core competency of great , local journalism , ” says Jiranek . “ And I underscore ‘ local ' in the phrase like three times . ”
About 70 miles away in Richmond , the Times-Dispatch will develop new revenue segments , according to the publisher 's memo . There will be sponsored content . Premium magazines . E-commerce . Paid events . Services . Severances—and , if things get better , offers to return to employment . In short , the trends shaping the industry will not spare BH Media 's papers .
According to Holly Prestidge , the president of the Times-Dispatch newsroom union and a writer in the features department , the union had urged BH Media Group to offer furloughs and voluntary buyouts . “ We call on Warren Buffet and BH Media executives to live up to their stated commitment that The Times-Dispatch be indispensable to the community , ” she wrote in an email to staff .
Editor-in-chief Paige Mudd , who declined to speak to CJR , wrote in a memo to staff that the paper 's 33 cuts included 13 newsroom positions . There will be other changes , too , she wrote . Cuts to pages . Sections combined . The standalone business section gone most days . There will be more focus on digital .
Wrote the editor in part : “ It will take some time to adjust to our new normal . ”
TRENDING : 10 podcasts to help you keep up with the news cycle
* A previous version of this story misstated the sequence of an acquisition .
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Corey Hutchins is CJR 's correspondent based in Colorado , where he is also a journalist for The Colorado Independent . A former alt-weekly reporter in South Carolina , he was twice named journalist of the year in the weekly division by the SC Press Association . Hutchins recently worked on the State Integrity In vestigation at the Center for Public Integrity and he has contributed to Slate , The Nation , The Washington Post , and others . Follow him on Twitter @ coreyhutchins or email him at coreyhutchins @ gmail.com .
Firefighters brace for second week of California wildfires
hello
In this Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department firefighters knock down flames as they advance on homes atop Shepherd Mesa Road in Carpinteria , Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California 's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday , as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns . Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that have n't burned in decades . New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria , a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days . ( Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP ) Associated Press
Firefighter Joe Santos of Nevada works to contain the Thomas fire burning through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai , Calif. , on Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 . Associated Press
Dick Marsala looks through debris from his destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Bonsall , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California . Associated Press
Firefighters monitor the Thomas fire as it burns through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai , Calif. , on Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 . Associated Press
Firefighter Simon Garcia , of Heartland Fire Dept. , gets a hug from a woman who did not give her name after she arrived to find her house was intact in the Rancho Monserate Country Club , Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Fallbrook , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California . Associated Press
Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Road near Ventura , Calif. , on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 . Associated Press
A plane drops fire retardant on a wildfire Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Fallbrook , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California . Associated Press
Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Fallbrook , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California . Associated Press
Dick Marsala looks through debris from his destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Bonsall , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California . Associated Press
A hillside glows with embers as the Thomas fire burns through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai , Calif. , on Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 . Associated Press
California Gov . Jerry Brown discusses the Thomas fire and the extended length of the state 's fire season during a press conference on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 , in Ventura , Calif. Associated Press
A fire engine passes flames as a wildfire burns along Santa Ana Road near Ventura , Calif. , on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 . Associated Press
Firefighters monitor the Thomas fire as it burns through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai , Calif. , on Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 . Associated Press
This Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2017 satellite image provided by DigitalGlobe shows plumes of smoke from fires burning in the mountains east of San Fernando , Calif. ( DigitalGlobe via AP ) Â©2017 DigitalGlobe Associated Press
In this Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department , a home burns early Sunday morning off Gobernador Canyon Road in Carpinteria , Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California 's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday , as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns . Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that have n't burned in decades . New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria , a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days . ( Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP ) Associated Press
In this early morning Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department , flames are seen behind Carpinteria , Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California 's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday , as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns . Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that have n't burned in decades . New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria , a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days . ( Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP ) Associated Press
In this Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department , a home burns early Sunday morning off Gobernador Canyon Road in Carpinteria , Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California 's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday , as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns . Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that have n't burned in decades . New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria , a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days . ( Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP ) Associated Press
In this early morning Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department , firefighters working on structure protection , keep a close eye on nearby flames atop Shepard Mesa Road in Carpinteria , Calif . The area has been evacuated by law enforcement and FD has moved in to protect homes . in Carpinteria , Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California 's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday , as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns . Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that have n't burned in decades . New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria , a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days . ( Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP ) Associated Press
Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd . near Ventura , Calif. , on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 . Associated Press
LOS ANGELES -- As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames , fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts , no rain and decades-old dry vegetation .
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday , as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles . New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria , seaside areas in Santa Barbara County .
`` The winds are kind of squirrely right now , '' said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason . `` Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air , and others it 's blowing sideways . Depends on what canyon we 're in . ''
Southern California 's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region 's most disastrous wildfires . They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean , speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons .
Gusts of up to 40 mph ( 64 kph ) are expected through Monday , according to the National Weather Service .
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles , Riverside and San Diego counties . Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile ( 699-sq . kilometer ) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County .
As of late Sunday , the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191 .
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds . Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought , hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months .
`` This is the new normal , '' Democratic Gov . Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire . The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat .
High fire risk is expected to last into January .
The air thick with acrid smoke , even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave , fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101 , a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week . Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito , the wealthy hillside enclave that 's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey , Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe .
`` Our house is under threat of being burned , '' Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday . `` We just had to evacuate our pets . I 'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters . ''
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region . The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities .
In San Diego , which is 130 miles ( 209 kilometers ) to the south , the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained . The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area , known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills .
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center , where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses , and destroyed more than 100 homes - most of them in a retirement community . Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday .
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region , there has only been one confirmed death : A 70-year-old woman , who crashed her car on an evacuation route , is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula , a small city where the Thomas Fire began .
Most of last week 's fires were in places that burned in the past , including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city 's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula .
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
___
Follow Weber at https : //twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires , click here : https : //apnews.com/tag/Wildfires .
Johnson knee injury not serious , no surgery required
hello
TEMPE , Ariz. -- In what coach Bruce Arians called `` great news , '' Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson 's knee injury is not serious and will not require surgery .
An MRI showed Johnson has a left MCL sprain that would require six to eight weeks of rest and rehabilitation .
Johnson , speaking to reporters on Monday , said he knew a few moments after the injury that it was n't serious because of the amount of weight he could put on the leg and his ability to move around .
The injury ended his NFL record string of at least 100 yards from scrimmage in each of the first 15 games of a season . He also fell short in his bid to be the third player to have 1,000 yards rushing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season . Johnson ended up with 1,239 yards rushing and 879 receiving .
___
For more NFL coverage : www.pro32.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
New York Yankees ' Didi Gregorius , right , celebrates with Aaron Judge after hitting Gregorius hit two-run home run against the Minnesota Twins during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in New York . Julie Jacobson AP Photo
Nigerians on social media have opened 2017 discussion with the NNN Nigeria ponzi schme modeled alongside the popular Mavrodian scheme , MMM .
Here are what Nigerians are saying about the scheme on Twitter :
http : //www.newshelm.com/2017/01/nnn-nigeria-nigerians-caution-each.html
MY biggest regret about the current practice of altering older golf courses is the introduction of new tees to stretch yardages .
Courses originally designed around [ now outdated ] distances , regarding the placement of hazards in their relationship to topography and landing areas are constantly being stretched to challenge elite golfers at the expense of Mr. Average .
The game has become disproportionately easier for the big hitter while at the same time it 's disproportionately harder for the rest .
If the driving distance gap between a top professional and the best expected of an average , scratch amateur today is 80-yards+ what would that gap have been in 1960 ? Not remotely near as much but the narrower that gap is , will always be one of to lynch pins safeguarding the overall game .
If the makers of sliothars began producing balls that schoolboys could hit over the bar from puck outs , the authorities would n't be long telling the manufacturer what to do with his ball .
In the 1960s , ‘ the gap ' was between 15/30 yards .
Today 's excessive gap is due to current equipment being so forgiving of off-centre hits that pros can whale away indiscriminately at aerodynamically engineered golf balls capable of self-correcting crooked shots in mid-flight .
To make matters worse the manufacturers engineered ‘ bonus distance ' for those who could swing above 115mph .
Up to the 1990s , the best players only swung at 85 % speed capacity because the margin for error on the club face was much less forgiving .
Golf today is too easy for top pros and too difficult for everyone else - all because of the modern ball . If today 's long hitters think it is all due to their superior athleticism , tall physiques , Trackman-informed techniques and focused gym work - let them try playing with the 1960s ball and equipment and let 's see how well they do ?
Anyone swinging hard at a high spinning balata ball with a knob of persimmon at the end of a steel shaft at more than 100mph will be in the woods and off the charts more often than not and the 80+yards distance gap will disappear overnight and the 350-yards + drive will become a thing of the past overnight .
Medium length par-4s will become proper par-4s again . In spite of the manufacturer 's claims that the distance their technology creates is for everybody , it does n't work out like that .
Average scores and average distances achieved by average golfers have hardly improved for 50-years or more .
( Maybe if the average golfer swung at 85 % capacity , like the pros of previous generations did use less high tech equipment , Mr Average might see an improvement ? )
Scores of -20 and better ( on longer and more difficult courses than ever ) are normal on the European and PGA Tours these days .
Where will it all end ? More distance has a detrimental knock on effect that makes the game ‘ unenjoyable and unplayable ' for the average golfer . By no means the least of these is the inevitability of taking ( a lot ) longer time to complete 18-holes .
The R & A and USGA ( who own the rules of golf ) have let it be known the distance line they drew in the sand in 2002 has been crossed and they have begun the process of doing something about it . I 'm not holding my breath .
The pro tours are resisting already ( or at least the USPGA Tour is ) The manufacturers wo n't conform quietly either . If they have to give up on their claims that every new invention brings golfers 'more distance ' what will they have to sell ?
For golf to thrive it must be joyful for the average player . Pros are only a tenth of 1 % of golfers . They hardly count . Nor , do they buy any golf balls either !
If I had my way , I would make the game ( a lot ) tougher for the pros . People like watching ‘ agony and horror ' on TV , do n't they ? I 'd turn the golf courses that pros play into rivers of blood ! Only in that way will we see who the real warrior/gladiators are ? Let 's start by dismissing their caddies .
Gladiators should carry their own weapons . If they bring more than 10 clubs with them ; a penalty shot for each extra club should apply . The average golfer today never has a caddie .
If the player had to carry this own clubs , he might think twice about taking more than the maximum with him onto the course .
To see a pro with four , and even five , wedges in his bag , means he is playing far too much of his golf with those clubs .
When highly-skilled players are n't required to use a full array of their weaponry and shot-making skills , the game is diminished . Finally , a ball made for 99.9 % of golfers is as good as one that is made for all in my mind and there is no need to change it but let the pros play with a lighter , high-spinning tournament ball .
Get rid of measuring devices ; green-reading maps for surfaces 'stimped ' at 9-maximum too . I want to see a 'hard , cruel game ' for pros and an easier game for the vast majority ( instead of the other way around ) A complete rethink is required .
Golf is a game not an industry . Who buys all of the clubs and balls anyway ?
My new form of pro golf would help to speed up the game - arguably golf 's biggest potential drawback for time poor future generations ?
Stocks continue to see considerable weakness in mid-day trading on Friday after an early move to the downside . The major averages have slid firmly into negative territory following the mixed performance seen in the previous session .
In recent trading , the Dow and the S & P 500 have fallen to new lows for the session . The Dow is down 399.21 points or 1.5 percent at 25,787.50 , the Nasdaq is down 83.22 points or 1.1 percent at 7,302.65 and the S & P 500 is down 34.07 points or 1.2 percent at 2,787.91 .
Concerns about higher interest rates are weighing on Wall Street after the Labor Department released a report showing stronger than expected job growth and a jump in wages .
The report said non-farm payroll employment surged up by 200,000 jobs in January after climbing by an upwardly revised 160,000 jobs in December .
Economists had expected employment to increase by about 180,000 jobs compared to the addition of 148,000 jobs originally reported for the previous month .
The Labor Department said the unemployment rate came in at 4.1 percent in January , unchanged from the three previous months and in line with economist estimates .
Meanwhile , the annual rate of growth in average hourly employee earnings accelerated to 2.9 percent in January from an upwardly revised 2.7 percent in December .
`` Given companies such as WalMart have credited Trump 's tax cuts as a way for them to afford higher worker pay we suspect we will see the wage numbers pick-up further , '' said James Knightley , Chief International Economist at ING .
He added , `` Consequently , it will need a big shock to prevent the Fed from hiking in March , but it could happen in the form of a damaging government shutdown should politicians fail to resolve their differences . ''
A negative reaction to quarterly results from big name tech companies like Google parent Alphabet ( GOOGL ) and Apple ( AAPL ) have also contributed to the sell-off .
Sector News
Energy stocks continue to turn in some of the market 's worst performances on the day amid a steep drop by the price of crude oil . With crude for March delivery tumbling $ 1.01 to $ 64.79 a barrel , the S & P Energy Index is down by 3.7 percent .
Industry giant Exxon Mobil ( XOM ) is posting a steep loss after reporting fourth quarter earnings that came in below analyst estimates .
Significant weakness also remains visible among housing stocks , as reflected by the 2.2 percent loss being posted by the Philadelphia Housing Sector Index . The index has fallen to its lowest intraday level in well over a month .
Steel , computer hardware , chemical , and telecom stocks have also moved notably lower on the day , reflecting broad based weakness on Wall Street .
Other Markets
In overseas trading , stock across the Asia-Pacific region turned in yet another mixed performance on Friday . Japan 's Nikkei 225 index slumped by 0.9 percent , while China 's Shanghai Composite Index rose by 0.5 percent .
Meanwhile , the major European markets all moved to the downside on the day . While the U.K. 's FTSE 100 Index dropped by 0.6 percent , the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index tumbled by 1.6 percent and 1.7 percent , respectively .
In the bond market , treasuries have moved sharply lower following the upbeat jobs data . Subsequently , the yield on the benchmark ten-year note , which moves opposite of its price , is up by 7.8 basis points at 2.851 percent .
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback : editorial @ rttnews.com
Hey , here 's a fun thing : The photo above shows Rays outfielder Carlos Gomez tracking down a fly ball in the first inning of his club 's game against the A 's in Oakland on Tuesday . Gomez has sunglasses on his hat , but they 're not his : They belong to Matt Welch , the dude in the dark green A 's hoodie in the crowd .
Mark Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times has the full story :
“ In the first inning he came out , looked and saw the sun was in his eyes and he came over ( to the stands ) to look for some glasses , ” the fan , Matt Welch , told Fox Sports Sun 's Michelle Margaux . “ I had mine and hollered at him and asked him if he wanted some glasses . He came over and took 'em . Made two plays with 'em and after he made the third out … he came and gave me the glasses and gave me the ball That was really cool . ”
Here 's footage of Gomez returning the sunglasses and giving Welch a ball for his generosity :
It 's all so awesome . It 's awesome that veteran Major League outfielder Carlos Gomez , rather than holding up the game so he could jog to the dugout and grab his own sunglasses , instead had the instinct to go to the crowd to see if someone there could help him out . And it 's awesome that Welch , presumably an A 's fan based on his sweatshirt and cap , was decent enough to loan his shades to an opposing player in his time of need .
Gomez has been doing fun stuff like this for years . Some background , for the initiated : After Gomez bothered the Braves by daring to admire his own home run , he followed another homer by sprinting full-speed around the bases . After he signed a multi-million contract extension in 2014 , he Googled “ rich-people conversations ” to share with well-paid teammate Ryan Braun . When Noah Syndergaard beaned him with a 97-mph fastball in his first career win , Gomez complimented the pitcher 's future , wished him luck , and said , “ put that behind you , brother. ” When he noticed that fellow center fielder Billy Hamilton had dropped gum on the field during a 2015 game , he left Hamilton a big mound of gum and a note that said , “ I see you dropped all your gum so I brought you some more. ” On and on like that .
Baseball is for fun , and the players who best understand that make it more enjoyable for everyone .
The Founder and General Overseer of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church , Primate Elijah Ayodele , has accused ex-President , Olusegun Obasanjo of introducing corruption into the church . This is coming weeks after the former president cautioned church leaders to be careful in believing and celebrating every testimony in other not to end up celebrating corruption . Read here Responding
Mahira Khan was on cloud nine when she was offered Shahrukh Khan 's Raees . It was a dream Bollywood debut for the Pakistani actress .
While talking about the Shahrukh Khan starrer , Mahira Khan recently said that she felt like being punched in the stomach .
We All Have Gone Through Failures Mahira spoke at length about her failures in life during a lecture at a university , reported Dawn . `` The truth is that we have all gone through failure . '' I Have Experienced It Personally & Professionally `` I have personally as well as professionally experienced failure . `` I was advised by many people to not accept the role in ‘ Bol ' ( Pakistani film ) as it was a small one but my gut feeling told me otherwise . '' My Name Was Missed From Bol Credits `` I also decided to act in the serial ‘ Humsafar ' on my gut feeling . There are no repeats of your first film , but somehow my name was missed as the ‘ Bol ' credits scrolled in front of me . '' Raees Teaser Said ‘ Introducing Mahira Khan ' ... `` Then for ‘ Raees ' , even though the teaser said ‘ Introducing Mahira Khan ' . '' I Felt Like Being Punched `` I felt like being punched in the stomach when there was no such credit in the film itself . '' I Was Banned In India `` Then when it was released , I was banned in India and the film was banned in Pakistan . '' Big Thing To Work In A Foreign Film `` It is a big thing to work in a foreign film . I pray I get my introducing credit when I work in an Iranian film . Failure is knowledge and knowledge is success . So it is a win-win . We actors know how to paint smiles on our faces and carry on , I did too . '' I Used To Dream Of Working With SRK `` I was dreaming of wearing a sari and dancing like Madhuri Dixit . I also used to dream of working with Shahrukh Khan . I did nothing to make it happen . I only dreamed and believed in my dreams , '' she said .
Also Read : Twinkle Takes A Dig At Salman Khan & Shahrukh Khan After The Success Of Akshay Kumar 's Toilet ?
Despite moving to Amazon , Amy Sherman-Palladino and writing partner Daniel Palladino have `` carved out '' an agreement with the streaming service allowing them to make a Gilmore Girls sequel
If the dramatic last four words of Netflix 's Gilmore Girls revival left you needing answers , here is some exciting news : creator Amy Sherman-Palladino has negotiated the “ freedom ” to make a sequel when the timing is right .
Advertisement
The Gilmore Girls showrunner and her husband/writing partner Daniel Palladino signed an overall deal with Amazon in September , and at the time it seemed unlikely that the duo would be able to continue making their old series with rival streaming giant Netflix .
But the writing duo have in fact struck a deal with Amazon that would make Richard Gilmore proud .
“ We carved out a little niche for ourselves with Amazon saying that if we ever want to do it , if the girls and us get together and we have a concept that works , then we have the freedom to do it , ” Amy told RadioTimes.com ahead of her new Amazon series The Marvelous Mrs Maisel .
“ So it would just have to be the right circumstances , and that we 're all sort of in the same drunken mood together to go repaint Stars Hollow again . Because we had to repaint Stars Hollow , and we 'll have to repaint it again . But it 's definitely possible . ”
Note “ we 'll have to repaint ” – that 's “ we WILL ” , which sounds pretty promising…
It sounds like the chances of Sherman-Palladino getting in a “ drunken mood ” with the stars of Gilmore Girls are pretty high , because she 's become great friends with Lauren Graham , Kelly Bishop and Alexis Bledel – the actresses who play Lorelei , Emily and Rory Gilmore .
“ I saw Lauren and Kelly – we had lunch last week . I talked to Alexis the week before , ” she revealed .
A year on from Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life , Amy and Daniel have no regrets about bringing back their cult comedy drama .
“ We feel great about it , ” Sherman-Palladino said . “ We really enjoyed it , we enjoyed the experience very much and it had a whole different feel than the [ original ] series did .
“ In coming back together , and knowing also that it was n't going on for like , ten years , we had a different kind of work structure where we could actually hang out on set and talk . ”
She added , “ During the series everything was so frantic , we had so much work to do and it was just constant ; we never really got to rehearse a scene or talk about a scene or talk about stuff or just hang out and shoot the shit . ”
The revival . by contrast , was different : “ That is an unbelievable experience [ that ] we got to do that . We got to have that time together as a mad theatre group and that was amazing . ”
Amy Sherman-Palladino 's new series The Marvelous Mrs Maisel will be released on Amazon on 29th November 2017
Advertisement
This article was originally published on 10 November 2017
MACON , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – Macon-Bibb Industrial Authority chairman , Cliffard Whitby , has resigned . This came one day after Whitby was indicted for fraud , laundering money , and bribing former Bibb County School Superintendent Romain Dallemand .
This is new information , but it 's something a Macon blogger has been suspicious of for years . Editor of ‘ We Are Politics ' , Bill Knowles , has done his research on Dallemand .
“ Unfortunately , we were right , ” said Knowles in response to Dallemand pleading guilty of tax evasion . “ I knew this was going to be a train wreck . ”
Knowles investigated Dallemand 's past , before Dallemand was appointed Bibb County Superintendent . He was in contact with Dallemand 's former co-workers in Rochester , Minnesota , where he was a superintendent there as well .
“ Those people reached out to us after he got here and told us a lot of things that he did , ” said Knowles . “ I had already seen it . As a matter of fact , before he even came here , I sent him an e-mail and told him not to come here . ”
Knowles says Dallemand was accused of harassment and lying .
Dallemand was later hired by the Bibb County School Board and according to court documents , during his time as superintendent , he accepted around $ 400,000 in bribery money from Whitby .
Knowles believes that as the investigation continues to unfold , more people connected to the crimes , will surface .
“ There are just several more people that are going to be involved in this , per the indictments , ” said Knowles . “ It looked like there 's a few more people that will be involved in this . I 'm sure there 's going to be other people involved . ”
Knowles says he 's happy , this information is coming out and people are being held responsible . He will also continue to do his own investigating .
“ Hopefully we can get some of the taxpayer money back , ” said Knowles . “ I sincerely doubt it , but there is so much more out there that we do n't know about that 's still out there . ”
A Tennessee legislative panel has changed and passed Gov . Bill Haslam 's transportation bill , which Senate Majority Leader Mark Norris says would ensure people save more in food tax cuts than they 'd pay in a gas tax hike .
Norris called the bill a compromise with Haslam as the Senate Transportation and Safety Committee passed it by a 7-1 margin Monday .
Over three years , Norris said the gas tax would increase 6 cents a gallon and the diesel tax would jump 10 cents a gallon . Initially , Haslam proposed a 7-cent gas tax increase and 12-cent diesel hike .
Norris said the food tax would decrease to 4 percent from 5 percent under current law .
In the House , a committee has previously removed fuel tax hikes to rely on sales taxes for road projects .
A LUNAR eclipse is nothing unusual . Usually . But the one due on July 28 is somewhat different . It will fall under the Earth 's shadow for four hours .
The eclipse totality - when the pall of Earth 's shadow completely blanks out what would otherwise be the Moon 's silvery surface - will last one hour and 43 minutes .
That will make it the longest Lunar eclipse to be experienced this century .
And most of the world will get to see it .
The January blue blood supermoon as seen from The Strand in Townsville . Photo : Grace Hayes
While the best viewing will be from eastern Africa , the Middle East and parts of Europe and Asia , Australia will not miss out .
The moon will be low on our horizon when it starts to go dark .
And it will set while completely immersed in a dull-red stain .
This is because the only sunlight to reach the moon will be bounced from the upper atmosphere of regions experiencing sunset or sunrise . And just as these daily events are accompanied by the reddish hues of refracted sunlight , that 's what will reach the moon .
Lunar eclipses generally last much longer than their solar counterpart . The shadow cast by the moon is much smaller than that produced by our own planet .
The outcome is generally that a solar eclipse is only seen by a relative few who fall beneath the moon 's masking orb . But the night-time transformation of the moon into a bloody-red orb can be seen by anyone on the Earth below while it is night .
A super blue blood moon earlier this year earned its enticing name through a series of coincidences . It was closer to the Earth than usual ( not that you 'd notice ) . It was also the second full moon for the month ( an artefact of our Gregorian calendar ) .
But it was red . And that makes it spooky .
This time around , the moon will be at apogee - the furthest point in its orbit from the Earth . This means it will be passing through space at a point where the cone of Earth 's shadow is wider - making the eclipse last longer .
According to NASA , its one hour 43 minute duration is just four minutes off its maximum possible duration .
Naira Ragged !
Kartik will be invited to the college to give a guest lecture as a trustee . He is hesitant , but Manish and Suvarna convince him to do it . Meanwhile , in the college , Naira is ragged by seniors , and they ask her to propose Mr Goenka .
Kartik & Naira Finally Come Face To Face !
She will be shocked to hear the name , but goes to the staff room . As she walks into the staff room , Kartik walks out as it was getting late for his lecture . She goes back to the class , but Kartik refuses to let her in as she was late . Naira will be shocked to hear Kartik 's voice .
KaIra To Separate Ways Again
In the upcoming episode , Kartik and Naira finally come face to face . Their past memories flash in front of them . Both of them get emotional . Yet again , they decide to separate ways !
Naira Does n't Want To Go Back To The College
Kartik heads back to Udaipur , while Naira returns home upset . She will be seen angry at herself . She does n't want to go back to the college and shreds her ID card into pieces .
Naitik Confused
Seeing her in this state , Naitik gets confused ! Naira will not even tell her father about having come face to face with Kartik , as she does n't want her father to get worried .
Kartik Misses Flight
Meanwhile , Kartik is distraught . He is at the airport and in tears after seeing Naira . He sleeps off at the airport and misses his flight . After he wakes up , he tries to book tickets but gets to know that there are no flights available .
Kriti 's Plan
Apparently , this will be Kriti 's plan . She would have asked the official at the ticket counter to lie to Kartik . She , along with Manish , are trying to reunite Kartik and Naira .
Mishti To Return
On the other hand , the makers are also planning to bring Mishti back on the show . According to a report , the makers are looking for an actor , who can pull off Mishti 's character .
I am often invited to share interactive keynotes on the future of work and too often I am asked to highlight the best practices of companies like Google and Facebook .
I rarely comply and mostly ask , “ How is that relevant ? What makes your organization unique and how can we tap into that richness of what works well for you ? Why do people love working here and doing business with YOU ? ” An entirely different conversation emerges when we start asking questions and listening than providing the traditional seven steps to success . We have somehow not only gotten lazy by believing there is a formula for success , we have lost our common sense .
Predictions are rampant around us on how leaders should prepare for the future of work , with cookie-cutter formulas and best practices that are telling us what we should and should not do to be successful . Yet the fundamental elephant that is not in the room is how each of us defines success as an individual and as an organization . How does anyone else know what will work for us ? Why would someone else 's way of working be good for us ? Why are we stuck in a sameness mindset when we publicly pursue “ innovation ? ”
And when you can see that this is one of the best times to be alive because we live in an open and connected world , all you will see when it comes to business is opportunities to thrive .
Tell stories and lead with purpose
The 21st-century leader understands that her role is to bring people together in conversation to imagine possibilities and go create them . She is not mired in a state of solving problems but generating opportunities . She understands that innovation and corporate social responsibility do not need to be separate departments in her organization but part of the fabric of the organization that is so tapped into the needs of its people — employees , customers , vendors , partners and community members — that it simply becomes part of how the organizations continues to create and deliver its richness in the world . We allow structure to flow instead of always leading with structure as our shared purpose is clear . We do n't need to define ourselves by the organizational box we report into since we care more deeply about why we do what we do and with whom than where we are on an organizational hierarchy .
The 21st-century leader is an amazing storyteller . He deeply understands that creating meaning and purpose with others is about transparency . He does not delegate his communication responsibility to a function , but knows how to take people on the journey with him by listening and sharing . He makes everyone feel like a leader and encourages people to join him in delivering on the purpose of the organization .
The 21st-century leader leads with purpose . Through her storytelling , she creates a shared purpose of why we are here and builds amazing relationships to realize the purpose . She no longer needs to be the expert and always have the answers . She has an uncanny ability to bring people together in conversation around key projects . She no longer focuses on branding as she uses simple language to bring people to care about the purpose ( no buzz words or elevator pitches needed ) . Stories that touch people work better than canned messages on a PowerPoint slide . Her slides have images that tap into the human imagination and creativity rather than lines of words or models . She takes people on a journey of possibilities .
Build communities and embrace work
The 21st-century leader is a community builder . He tears down the walls of separation and brings people together in lively conversations . He busts the myth that the only way to lead is with fear and consensus . He knows that there is nothing to fear in the 21st century as we have everything we need . He brings the best technology that is valuable to the business and integrates it into his leadership . He does not talk about platforms but integrates them into how work is delivered seamlessly . He remembers that when Instant Messaging and Texting appeared , no one needed training or massive change management programs because they were useful and people simply adopted them because they were valuable . He no longer needs to be the information source as his biggest contribution to the business is to bring people together in open dialogue focused on actualizing the purpose of why the business exists . Communication no longer needs to be a function that provides a one-way message but a driver of amazing two-way conversations that flow naturally and provide the information people need when they need it . There is no longer anything to fear in a culture where people jump out of bed to live their purpose instead of celebrating hump Wednesday , TGIF and dreading Monday mornings .
Related
Canadian entrepreneurs are working smarter , not harder – and they 're women The typical Canadian entrepreneur is a Generation X woman who has work-life balance figured out . This according to the 2015 Sage State of the Startup Survey , sponsored by business software vendor Sage North May 8th , 2015 Jeff Jedras @ jeffjedrasitw Published on : Jeff Jedras
The 21st-century leader sees life as a fearless adventure where work is part of it . We , as 21st-century leaders , do not try to balance the mythical work-life separation as we recognize there is only life . There is no need to balance . We do n't need mindfulness practices as we respect our lives fully and understand work is part of who we are . We stop defining ourselves by our job title and what we do to make a living because in the 21st century , our biggest opportunity is to regain common sense and make a life . All the mindfulness programs have made us recognize that we want full lives and to pursue our own heartbeat . We move from the myth of being a workaholic to the reality of being a LIFEaholic where we put people first .
The 21st-century leader knows business can be a force for good : good for the planet , good for our communities , and good for our co-workers . We want to make an impact in the world and see how business will become the most powerful force for good that human society has ever experienced . Sustainability is integrated in the fabric of organizations as we care deeply about the impact we have on the world and are mindful in how we build our business .
And here is the biggest myth of all that needs some busting : leadership is top-down . In the 21st century , we are all leaders . There are no followers .
It 's up to each of us to wake up to our own divine leadership essence and co-create the world we want to live in . There is no one else apart from each of us .
What are you doing today to share your art and purpose in your life and your work ? Tell us in the comments below .
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A four-armed , marimba-playing robot can now write and play its own compositions with aid from artificial intelligence and deep learning .
Researchers fed the robot nearly 5,000 complete songs—from Beethoven to the Beatles to Lady Gaga to Miles Davis—and more than 2 million motifs , riffs , and licks of music . Aside from giving the machine a seed , or the first four measures to use as a starting point , no humans are involved in either the composition or the performance of the music .
The first two compositions are roughly 30 seconds in length . See and hear the robot , named Shimon , play in the videos below .
Doctoral student Mason Bretan is the man behind the machine . He 's worked with Shimon for seven years , enabling it to “ listen ” to music played by humans and improvise over pre-composed chord progressions . Now Shimon is a solo composer for the first time , generating the melody and harmonic structure on its own .
“ Once Shimon learns the four measures we provide , it creates its own sequence of concepts and composes its own piece , ” says Bretan , who will receive his doctorate in music technology this summer at the Georgia Institute of Technology .
“ Shimon 's compositions represent how music sounds and looks when a robot uses deep neural networks to learn everything it knows about music from millions of human-made segments , ” he says .
Bretan says this is the first time a robot has used deep learning to create music . And unlike its days of improvising , when it played monophonically , Shimon is able to play harmonies and chords . It 's also thinking much more like a human musician , focusing less on the next note , as it did before , and more on the overall structure of the composition .
“ When we play or listen to music , we do n't think about the next note and only that next note , ” says Bretan . “ An artist has a bigger idea of what he or she is trying to achieve within the next few measures or later in the piece . Shimon is now coming up with higher-level musical semantics . Rather than thinking note by note , it has a larger idea of what it wants to play as a whole . ”
“ This is a leap in Shimon 's musical quality because it 's using deep learning to create a more structured and coherent composition , ” says Gil Weinberg , Bretan 's advisor , a professor in the School of Music and Shimon 's creator .
“ We want to explore whether robots could become musically creative and generate new music that we humans could find beautiful , inspiring , and strange , ” he says .
Shimon will create more pieces in the future . As long as the researchers feed it a different seed , the robot will produce something different each time—music that the researchers ca n't predict . In the first piece , Bretan fed Shimon a melody comprised of eighth notes . It received a sixteenth note melody the second time , which influenced it to generate faster note sequences .
Bretan acknowledges that he ca n't pick out individual songs that Shimon is referencing . He is able to recognize classical chord progression and influences of artists , such as Mozart , for example .
“ They sound like a fusion of jazz and classical , ” says Bretan , who plays the keyboards and guitar in his free time . “ I definitely hear more classical , especially in the harmony . But then I hear chromatic moving steps in the first piece—that 's definitely something you hear in jazz . ”
Shimon 's debut as a solo composer appeared in a video clip in the Consumer Electronic Show ( CES ) keynote and will have its first live performance at the Aspen Ideas Festival .
Source : Georgia Institute of Technology
Apple Issues Quick Fix for Mac Password Vulnerability
Apple Inc. said an update was now available to fix a security issue in its latest Mac operating system that enables people to log in to Mac computers without knowing the password .
The Cupertino , Calif. , tech giant said Wednesday that as of 8 a.m. , the update was available for download and that later in the day it will be automatically installed on all systems running the latest version of macOS High Sierra .
`` Security is a top priority for every Apple product , and regrettably we stumbled with this release of macOS , '' the company said in a statement . `` We are auditing our development processes to help prevent this from happening again . ''
A software developer unaffiliated with Apple publicized the problem Tuesday , saying people could log in to Apple computers running macOS High Sierra by entering the user name `` root '' and no password , then clicking the login button several times .
The `` root '' user account is generally used by computer administrators and gives `` read and write privileges to more areas of the system , including files in other macOS user accounts , '' according to Apple .
The issue had been described online previously , including in the Apple Developer Forum earlier this month , but received more attention after Lemi Ergin , a Turkish software developer , tweeted about it Tuesday , asking Apple if it was aware of the `` huge security issue . ''
In a Medium post published Wednesday , Ergin said staffers at a company he works for discovered the issue while trying to help a co-worker recover access to his local administrator account . The staffers used the flaw to recover the account and informed Apple about the problem last week , he said .
`` I have no intention to harm Apple and Apple users , '' Ergin said in the post . `` By posting the tweet , I just wanted to warn Apple and say 'there is a serious security issue in High Sierra , be aware of it and fix it . ' ''
Apple said in its statement that its security engineers became aware of the issue Tuesday afternoon and that the company `` immediately began working on an update that closes the security hole . ''
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Apple .
ATLANTA — There was a fire at Citi Field Wednesday .
Honestly . No joke . An actual fire . Nobody was hurt , so it 's OK to let loose a hyena-like peal of hysterical laughter if you 'd like , because , read that sentence again : There was a fire at Citi Field Wednesday .
Honestly , the God of Met-aphors ( get it ? Met-aphors ! ) has clearly been working overtime the past couple of days , because on Tuesday night the Mets received an official diagnosis for Steven Matz of – quote – “ middle finger discomfort , ” which , as we pointed out in the later editions of this newspaper , is the kind of thing that afflicts Mets fans when they watch too many Mets games .
Now there was a fire at Citi Field . There were apparently no tires involved . There were apparently no dumpsters involved . Those would be too obvious ! The God of Met-aphors is more subtle than that . So instead , there was just a billowing cloud of smoke emanating from the Gil Hodges Gate , and some surreal video , and …
This is where we are with the 2018 Mets on the last day of May , a month that thoroughly undid all the good they were able to build in April . The last time a line of credit was squandered this spectacularly was when every college freshman , ever , was given their first American Express card .
A post shared by Raul Jimenez II ( @ raul.jimenezii ) on May 30 , 2018 at 12:46pm PDT
And look : yes , the Mets have been spectacularly unlucky for the better part of three years now . It 's almost as if the karmic chickens born in August , September and October of 2015 have all come home to roost . They tried ( but failed ) to sabotage the Mets in 2016 ( even they were unprepared for the dueling emergences of Seth Lugo and Robert Gsellman ) , then succeeded spectacularly in doing every bit of that in 2017 .
Now ?
Mickey Callaway was kind of joking the other day , after one or another of the absurd Mets losses that have piled up on this road trip ( it 's hard to distinguish one from the others ) when he said that , given the way things have been going , .500 feels pretty good all things considered ( even factoring in the 11-1 start ) . But he 's also being kind of truthful . Much of it , the obvious stuff , is bad luck , sure .
But if , as the adage goes , luck is the residue of design , then does n't it follow that bad luck may well be the residue of bad design ?
Which brings us to Sandy Alderson , architect of this team , overseer of a roster that seemed suspiciously thin at season 's start and has been exposed as being skinnier than a Kleenex with 110 games still to go in the season .
The most obvious of Alderson 's misdemeanors was on display Wednesday night at SunTrust Park : Jason Vargas , pitching on short rest , and available to pitch on short rest because he was so unbearably awful in Milwaukee on Saturday ( and “ unbearably bad ” was actually an upgrade from his first three starts ) . Alderson ignored the fact that Vargas was one of the worst starters in the majors after last year 's All-Star Game , still signed him to two years and $ 16 million .
More telling , though , is the reality of Alderson 's complete body of work . He has been the GM since 2010 . That 's eight seasons and ( to date ) seven drafts , and that 's enough time where a man makes a stamp on the whole organization . And what do the Mets have to show when they need to dip into the minor leagues ?
I 'll wait …
Still waiting …
The Braves saw a lull in their lineup , they promote Ronald Acuna Jr. , 20 years old , who lights up the sky right away . The Nationals are hit by an injury bug , and their answer is Juan Soto , 19 years old , who entering play last night was hitting .393 with an OPS of 1.092 . The Phillies have a wealth of kids on the team or close to coming .
The Mets ?
Still waiting …
Look , yes , it took a good bit of draining of the farm system to build on the fly the 2015 team that made the World Series . But that was one push . Alderson has had eight years . The bones of a good team remain in place but many of those bones are fractured , splintered and broken right now . There should be temporary answers if the farm system were any good . But it is not . So there are n't .
The whole operation is in flames . Starting with the ballpark .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
× Kansas City police issue advisory for missing woman possibly in distress
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Police want the public to be on the lookout for a missing woman who may be in distress . Sholanda S. Nicholson , 36 , was last seen on Tuesday in the area of 39th and Monroe .
She drove away in her 2011 Kia Sorento SUV . Police say she 's 5 ' 4″ and weighs about 150 pounds . She has black hair and brown eyes .
If you 've seen her or know where she is , contact KCPD Missing Persons at ( 816 ) 234-5136 .
COCONUT CREEK , FL -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - NutraFuels , Inc. ( `` NutraFuels '' or `` NTFU '' ) , ( OTC PINK : NTFU ) , today announced that it has secured the services of Daszkal Bolton accountants & advisors a third-party SEC accounting/auditing firm to audit the company 's books and records for years 2015 & 2016 so that the company may become fully-reporting under SEC guidelines .
`` We are pleased to announce that we are taking the next steps to becoming a fully reporting company , '' said Edgar Ward , Nutrafuels 's CEO `` We believe this action is necessary in providing full disclosure and transparency to the investment community along with our commitment to the company and its shareholders . ''
About Daszkal Bolton :
http : //dbllp.com/
For more than 20 years , Daszkal Bolton has been standing by the side of growth-oriented companies , not-for-profit organizations and high net worth families to provide added strength as they conquer new ground in their businesses , missions and lives .
We 're a full-service accounting and advisory firm providing tax , accounting , audit and a wide range of business consulting services throughout South Florida . Our clients range from large multinational corporations with international operations in Miami to not-for-profit organizations in Fort Lauderdale , high net worth individuals and families in Palm Beach and much in between .
Our professional services include tax ( corporate tax , international tax , personal tax , and state and local tax ) ; audit , accounting and transaction advisory services ; and forensic accounting , litigation support , and business valuations . We also offer a range of private client services , including wealth transfer planning , philanthropic planning and charitable giving , and a fully operational family office practice that acts as the chief financial officer to manage the complexities associated with wealth . Through affiliated companies , Benchmark Financial Group and White Knight Solutions , we are able to provide financial planning and financial consulting services respectively .
Our more than 130 people provide these accounting and advisory services from three offices in Boca Raton , Fort Lauderdale and Jupiter -- serving clients throughout South Florida , across the country and around the world .
The Daszkal Bolton focused industry practices include real estate , construction , healthcare , hedge funds and financial services , biotech , high-tech , life science , manufacturing , distribution , not-for-profit , retail , professional athletes , clubs and hospitality . We work with public companies ( SEC registrants ) as well as private companies .
Daszkal Bolton is a member of AGN International , an affiliation of accounting and business advisory firms that collaborate and share resources in more than 80 countries . Through 200 AGN International member firms , Daszkal Bolton is able to assist clients in meeting their needs throughout the United States and around the world .
About NutraFuels , Inc .
http : //nutrafuels.com/
NTFU was founded in 2010 , to manufacture , distribute and market a line of oral spray nutritional dietary products to consumers , retailers and wholesale outlets . Oral spray delivery systems are recognized by many as an effective methodology for delivery of pharmaceutical and nutraceutical products . Oral spray delivery is recognized by consumers for its convenience , dosage precision and timely assimilation into the body . NTFU 's product line consists of vitamins and nutrients in an aqueous solution , orally delivered through a non-aerosol pump . NTFU 's products are sprayed into the mouth in the form of a fine mist entering the delicate tissue of the mouth . The nutrients are delivered into the bloodstream and assimilated throughout the body more quickly than traditional methods , avoiding the solubility and absorption problems common with most ingested vitamins and nutritional supplements in pill or capsule form .
Safe Harbor
This press release contains forward-looking statements , particularly as related to , among other things , the business plans of NutraFuels , Inc statements relating to goals , plans and projections regarding the NutraFuels ' financial position and business strategy . The words or phrases `` would be , '' `` will allow , '' `` intends to , '' `` may result , '' `` are expected to , '' `` will continue , '' `` anticipates , '' `` expects , '' `` estimate , '' `` project , '' `` indicate , '' `` could , '' `` potentially , '' `` should , '' `` believe , '' `` think '' , `` considers '' or similar expressions are intended to identify `` forward-looking statements . '' These forward-looking statements fall within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934 and are subject to the safe harbor created by these sections . Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties . Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations , involve known and unknown risks , a reliance on third parties for information , transactions or orders that may be cancelled , and other factors that may cause our actual results , performance or achievements , or developments in our industry , to differ materially from the anticipated results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results include risks and uncertainties related to the fluctuation of global economic conditions , the performance of management and our employees , our ability to obtain financing , competition , general economic conditions and other factors that are detailed in our periodic reports and on documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Statements made herein are as of the date of this press release and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date . NutraFuels cautions readers not to place undue reliance on such statements . NutraFuels does not undertake , and NutraFuels specifically disclaims any obligation , to update any forward-looking statements to reflect occurrences , developments , unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statement . Actual results may differ materially from NutraFuels ' expectations and estimates .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
ANN ARBOR ( CBS Local ) – An engineer in Michigan may have just answered the prayers of many parents who have messy children at home . Researchers at the University of Michigan have reportedly created a new coating that 's being called an “ everything-repellent . ”
The Details :
University of Michigan scientists develop “ omniphobic ” coating that can repel nearly every liquid
Inspired by co-author 's dream to create material that would make cleaning up after his child easier
Coating prevents grime buildup on surfaces like tables , floors , walls , even phone screens
‘ Everything Repellant ' could be game-changer for daycares , homes with young kids
Next phase of study is to ensure material is n't toxic
Anish Tuteja , an associate professor of materials science and engineering , says his team has developed an “ omniphobic ” substance , which can repel nearly every known liquid . The clear and durable coating was inspired by the scientist 's dream to create a material that could make cleaning up after his child a much easier chore .
“ I have a 2-year-old at home , so for me , this particular project was about more than just the science , ” Tuteja said in a university paper . “ We 're excited about what this could do to make homes and daycares cleaner places , and we 're looking at a variety of possible applications in industry as well . ”
According to the team 's findings , published in ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces , the omniphobic coating can be applied to any surface and would prevent grime from building up on tables , floors , walls , and even phone screens .
The new coating mixes two substances , a bonding agent called fluorinated polyurethane and a molecule known as F-POSS . “ The repellent and binder mix together well enough to make a clear coating , but there 's a very small amount of phase separation between them , ” researcher Mathew Boban explained in a press release . Boban added that the F-POSS will “ float to the surface ” of the mixture and forms the kid-proof layer .
Tuteja says his team is now studying their new coating to make sure it 's not toxic . Items like yoga mats , which contain polyurethane foam , have previously been linked to infertility due to exposure to the flame retardant chemical .
Project info
This body of work is an exploration of the meditation technique called `` active imagination , '' developed by Carl Jung . The process involves translating the contents of one 's unconscious into images or stories . Jung linked active imagination with alchemy , as both strive for wholeness from fragments . This technique can bridge the personal unconscious with the Collective Unconscious—structures of the unconscious mind which are shared among all humans . These images are a personal examination of symbols , inviting the viewer to consider loss , secrets , loneliness , self-doubt , and woundedness .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Leave allocation still lags behind the likes of Microsoft and Netflix
CA Technologies is dishing out three months paid leave to men and women during the first 12 months following the birth or adoption of their child .
According to CA , the new parental leave policy , which has already been rolled out in the United States , is now being offered to all staff worldwide .
The minimum 12 weeks leave provide new parents with financial support and greater choice and flexibility in determining how they want to care for their child during the first 12 months , CA said .
Under the policy , staff are eligible for leave if they have 12 months of service at the date the child is born or for adoptive parents , where a child is matched or newly placed with them . Staff can opt for a shorter period of leave if they choose and salaries and benefits will continue to be paid in the normal way , CA said .
Although impressive , CA 's parent leave program is a way behind the sabbaticals offered by other global technology players . According to a January article in Recode , salaried staff at Netflix can take up to 12 months leave at full pay after the birth or adopted of their child .
Microsoft and Airbnb offer 22 weeks of paid maternity leave ; Twitter and Amazon offer 20 weeks ; while Google 's Alphabet and Apple offer 18 weeks .
CA said it recognised the dynamics of family life are constantly changing and the family friendly benefits need to adapt accordingly .
“ This new parent leave policy will assist to address the challenges faced by working families , providing support and enhancing the overall employee experience , ” said Melinda Walsh , vice president , people business partner , Asia-Pacific and Japan at CA Technologies .
“ We have a talented team with CA and we know that providing the right level of support during key milestones in their lives will help attract and retain the diverse , experienced workforce we have in Asia Pacific , ” she said .
CA said the new policy also reflects its commitment towards promoting work-life balance and an inclusive workforce . It 's also part of a talent management strategy to ensure staff have the skills needed for the future of workforce . This includes leadership learning and development , unconscious bias training opportunities , targets for improving gender diversity outcomes , and flexible working .
CA quoted McKinsey research which found that supporting diversity across Asia-Pacific could add US $ 4.5 trillion into the region 's collective annual GDP by 2025 , a 12 per cent increase over the ‘ business-as-usual ' trajectory .
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter : @ CIO_Australia , Facebook : CIO Australia , or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn : CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter : @ ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Image copyright PA Image caption The inquiry chairwoman , Prof Alexis Jay , headed the probe into child abuse in Rotherham
The Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse ( IICSA ) in England and Wales held its first full public hearing with an examination of allegations made by children in care who were sent abroad .
The inquiry aims to investigate claims against local authorities , religious organisations , the armed forces and public and private institutions - as well as people in the public eye . But it has been dogged with controversy since being announced in July 2014 , be it chairwomen coming and going , lawyers quitting their posts or victims ' groups losing faith in the process .
Why was the inquiry set up ?
Following the death of BBC DJ Jimmy Savile in 2011 , hundreds of people came forward to say he had abused them as children . The spotlight has also fallen on sexual assaults carried out in schools , children 's homes and at NHS sites .
Image copyright Graham Eva Image caption After the death of Jimmy Saville , many hundreds of people came forward about abuse
At the same time , there have been claims of past failures by police and prosecutors to properly investigate allegations .
The inquiry was announced by the then Home Secretary Theresa May to `` expose those failures and learn the lessons '' from the past .
How will the inquiry work ?
When it was announced , the inquiry was expected to take about five years to complete . When finished , it will publish a report of recommendations .
The inquiry is divided into public hearings into specific areas of concern , with witnesses giving evidence under oath ; research into institutional failures in child protection , and the so-called Truth Project in which victims will share their experiences with the inquiry either in private interviews or written form .
The inquiry will not seek to determine civil or criminal liability of individuals or organisations but may reach `` findings of fact '' in relation to this .
Allegations of child abuse received by the inquiry will be referred to police and material related to Scotland , Northern Ireland or British Overseas Territories will be passed on to the authorities there .
A separate inquiry looking at the abuse of children in care in Scotland has been set up by the Scottish Government .
Who is carrying out the inquiry ?
The inquiry is being led by Prof Alexis Jay , a former director of social services who headed the inquiry into child sexual exploitation in Rotherham .
She is being assisted by a panel of advisers : law professor and human rights expert Malcolm Evans ; child protection barrister Ivor Frank ; and lawyer Drusilla Sharpling , a former Chief Crown Prosecutor for London , who has worked as an inspector of constabulary since 2009 .
A separate panel will represent victims and survivors .
Brian Altman QC is lead counsel to the inquiry .
What were the first hearings about ?
The inquiry opened with two weeks of hearings looking at the cases of British children in care who were sent to to parts of the British Empire including Australia , Canada , New Zealand and what was Southern Rhodesia between 1920 and the 1970s . The UK government issued an apology in 2010 for its role in the child migration programmes .
The hearings took evidence from former child migrants , and form part of a wider investigation into the way organisations have protected children outside the UK .
Preliminary hearings in the inquiry began in March 2016 at the Royal Courts of Justice .
What else is the IICSA investigating ?
The first phase of the inquiry consists of 13 separate investigations over a period of about 18 months .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Part of the inquiry will focus on the late Lord Janner , who had 22 allegations against him of sex offences against boys between the 1960s and 1980s
The inquiry will also consider :
Alleged failings at Lambeth and Nottinghamshire councils ; Cambridge House Boys ' Hostel , Knowl View School and other institutions arranged by Rochdale Borough Council ; the Anglican and Roman Catholic churches ; custodial institutions , residential schools , and the support services and legal remedies available to victims and survivors
`` Areas of contemporary concern '' including the internet and organised abuse networks
Allegations of child sexual abuse by `` people of public prominence associated with Westminster '' and claims of cover-ups
Allegations against the late Lord Janner , the former Labour peer who in 2015 was ruled unfit to stand trial on child sexual abuse charges .
The evidence given at the public hearings is expected to cover a number of other cases that have attracted headlines in recent years , including late MP Cyril Smith and claims of sexual abuse at care homes in north Wales .
So what has gone wrong ?
The main bone of contention has been the turbulent history over the past two years surrounding who is in charge .
The first chairwoman of the inquiry appointed in July 2014 was Baroness Butler-Sloss . However , she resigned just one week later after concerns arose around her links to the establishment - namely her late brother , Sir Michael Havers , who was attorney general in the 1980s .
In September 2014 , Lord Mayor of London Fiona Woolf was named the new head , but after disclosing she had been to five dinners with the late Lord Brittan - one of the people facing accusations at the time , which have since been dropped - she quit by the end of October .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Justice Lowell Goddard stepped down from the role in August 2016
In February 2015 , Justice Lowell Goddard , a serving judge of the High Court of New Zealand , took over the reins and was in charge as inquiry began hearing directly from victims and survivors . But by August 2016 , she had resigned her post as well due to `` compounding difficulties '' and her family life .
A number of lawyers have also resigned or been removed from the process .
In November 2016 , the largest of the victims 's groups involved in the inquiry , the Shirley Oaks Survivors Association , pulled out and said it had lost confidence in the inquiry 's leadership .
A legal case relating to allegations of abuse relating to Lord Janner has been dropped . The case had previously caused hearings to be delayed because of an `` overlap '' with the criminal investigation . His family have now met with inquiry staff after initially opposing the inclusion of the former politician .
How much is this all costing ?
The IICSA has a budget of £17.9m in its first year , funded by the Home Office , with staff accounting for 41 % .
Prof Jay is to be paid £185,000 - almost half her predecessor 's salary - while panel members will each receive £565 a day .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Ryan Hardie has named ex-Croatia international Dado Prso as his Rangers hero of all-time .
Prso joined the Gers from Monaco in the summer of 2004 and spent three seasons at Ibrox before opting to hang up his boots due to knee problems .
The former striker scored 14 goals and provided 12 assists in 78 appearances in all competitions for Rangers and helped the club to win a league title and a Scottish League Cup .
And Hardie , who is a striker himself , identified Prso as his Rangers hero , with the 20-year-old revealing that he went to the games to watch the Croatian while growing up .
The Scotland Under-21 international went on to add that he was also a big admirer of Prso 's compatriot Nikica Jelavic .
“ It 's a tough one ” , Hardie said on Rangers TV , when asked to name his Gers hero past or present .
“ When I used to come to the games [ while growing up ] it used to be Dado Prso .
“ He played in my position .
“ It 's either him or Nikica Jelavic . ”
Prso , who moved to France while a teenager to play for FC Rouen , also turned out for Stade Raphaelois and Ajaccio .
The 43-year-old had 32 caps and nine goals for Croatia to his name and represented his nation in the 2004 European Championship and the 2006 World Cup .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Real Star Upendra 's political venture got a great start day before yesterday , August 12 . The response to his ideas were tremendous as all his fans supported him and his ideals .
Upendra 's ideals of giving back the power to people is taking more form and shape as more and more support is pouring in for the actor and his dreams .
Very recently , Rocking Star Yash openly declared his support to Upendra and his political ambitions . Likewise , many political leaders have expressed their happiness to see Upendra take the plunge into politics .
Meanwhile , the Real Star had given three e-mail addresses for the people to send their opinions . He had created prajakaarana1 @ gmail.com , prajakaarana2 @ gmail.com and prajakaarana3 @ gmail.com as the contact address for his new political venture .
Now , nearly , 48 hours after the announcement of those contact details , his new political venture seems to have received a staggering amount of response from his fans , followers and likewise .
It is being said that more than 15000 mails have dropped in even since the mail addresses were circulated . People from all over the world have mailed Upendra , their suggestions and ideas .
Ultimately , this new announcement has set in motion something new in the political arena . Even though the actor has not named his political party or got its symbol , the response is unusually huge .
Now that Upendra has received a lot of support from the people all over , it is up to him to decide how to take it forward and invest his time in planning something really good for his fellow citizens .
Defense attorneys portrayed Constand as lying about the sexual encounter , which Cosby has claimed was consensual . The prosecution said that Cosby , famous for his role as Dr. Cliff Huxtable on `` The Cosby Show , '' preyed on Constand and that all the women who testified against him had `` strikingly similar stories . ''
In two hours of closing arguments , Cosby 's defense team painted Constand as a `` con artist '' and a `` pathological liar '' seeking fame and fortune and willing to extort Cosby in pursuit of those goals .
Defense attorney Kathleen Bliss began closing arguments by suggesting that Constand and the other women who testified were `` were motivated by a common movement , many of them represented by the same attorney , '' she said , referring to Gloria Allred and her daughter , Lisa Bloom , who is also a lawyer . Bliss emphasized a proposal from Allred for a $ 100 million settlement fund in 2014 .
`` You heard about the $ 100 million fund , '' she reminded jurors .
Tom Mesereau , Cosby 's lead attorney , repeatedly emphasized what he said were discrepancies in Constand 's testimony . Mesereau told the jury that the case was about a `` blind 80-year-old man with a successful career facing absolute ruin . ''
`` This woman will say anything . She will absolutely say anything . She 's a pathological liar , '' he added .
Mesereau walked the jury through a PowerPoint presentation , pointing to what he characterized as 12 inconsistent statements about the nature of Constand 's relationship with Cosby , including whether they had flirted before the alleged assault , whether they were ever alone together and whether she had been in bed with him . He said her statements were not simply `` inconsistencies ... they are lies . ''
Bliss also questioned the prosecution 's decision to bring in witnesses to testify that Cosby assaulted them more than 30 years ago .
`` How unfair is that — digging up stuff from three decades ago ? '' she asked . She also told the jurors that they should n't allow the # MeToo movement , which has exposed scores of men in the media , entertainment and business worlds as sexual harassers , to sway their decision .
`` Do n't get me wrong , bad things definitely happen . But , ladies and gentlemen , not every accusation is true . Your common sense tells you that , '' Bliss said . `` We do have to deal with sexual assault . It 's a worldwide problem , just like we do with sexual harassment , pay disparity , social inequality .
`` But questioning an accuser is not shaming them , '' she added .
But Assistant Montgomery County District Attorney Kristen Feden told jurors that it was Cosby , not Constand , who was the con artist and that all of the women who testified against him had `` all strikingly similar stories . ''
`` He preyed on Andrea Constand the same way he preyed on all those five women , '' she said .
Feden accused Cosby of selecting victims he believed he could silence . He used his image to `` gain confidence of young , aspiring , unsuspecting women so he could sexually assault them and strip them of their very autonomy , '' she said .
The prosecutor also lambasted Bliss for `` character assassination '' of the accusers .
`` That character assassination that Ms. Bliss put those women through was utterly shameful , '' she said . `` She 's the exact reason why women , victims of sexual assault and men do n't report these crimes . ''
A Tennessee man who was convicted of planning an attack on a New York mosque has been sentenced to nearly 20 years in federal prison .
WTVC-TV in Chattanooga reports a judge sentenced 65-year-old Robert Doggart of Signal Mountain to 235 months on Wednesday .
He was convicted in February of solicitation to commit a civil rights violation and solicitation to commit arson of a building . A judge threw out two other guilty verdicts for threats in interstate commerce .
Doggart was convicted of recruiting about 10 people to attack a Muslim community called Islamberg . But the judge wrote that Doggart did not make `` true threats '' because he did not personally intimidate the community 's residents .
Doggart ran for Congress in 2014 in East Tennessee and finished with 6 percent of the vote .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has stressed the need to have patience while creating a base with new players as he believes juggling fighting on four fronts is not easy when still building a squad .
The Pensioners were beaten 1-0 by strugglers West Ham on Saturday , almost ending their hope of defending the Premier League title .
The loss increased the gap between Chelsea and league leaders Manchester City , who are now 14 points ahead of the Blues , and eleven points clear at the top after their victory against cross city rivals Manchester United .
The Italian manager though is staying patient , insisting that for a team that are rebuilding it is difficult to carry on with the same intensity and momentum in all the competitions they are involved in .
`` I am very happy to work with my players . It 's normal when you are creating a base , you must have to have patience to work , especially with new players '' , Conte said at a press conference .
`` New players need a bit of time to adapt to our idea of football , to adapt themselves to this league . It 's not simple , but the most important thing is to have the will to work and improve every day .
`` We faced last season with only 13 players . This season we tried to add two or three players , and to have 16 senior players to face every competition .
`` When you are starting a path , you must have patience , and then to build and bring in one or two players .
`` It 's not simple to face all the competitions in a moment you are building . ''
The Pensioners have been handed a Champions League last 16 tie against Barcelona , paying the price for finishing second in their group .
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
For the second day of Broome County High School Hockey Association ( BCHSHA ) first round playoffs , Chenango Forks defeated Chenango Valley , 8-1 , Friday , for what could be the final `` Tango for Chenango '' in the 2017-18 season .
In the first period of regulation , the Blue Devils jumped onto the scoreboard with two goals , one coming just 30 seconds until the end of the period . Forks ' sophomore , Josh Black , was able to clean up a deflected shot by Dylan Templeton to give the Blue Devils the 2-0 lead , going into the second period .
Although the Warriors were able to muster a goal in the second , it was the Blue Devils that ripped off 5 quick goals in the third to prevent the CV comeback , at the SUNY Broome Ice Center .
Chenango Forks will face # 1 ranked Elmira-Horseheads , Friday , February 10 at 6:45 p.m. in the next round .
The BCHSHA playoffs are double elimination , lose two and your out .
McHenry County police , social worker team up to address difficult cases
hello
As the first line of defense for the Cary community , Deputy Chief Scott Naydenoff and his fellow police officers have seen it all .
They 're called to cases of substance abuse , mental health issues and domestic violence . They deal with people who are despondent , homeless or in financial trouble . They often find themselves returning to the same homes and handling the same cases time and time again .
The problem is n't a lack of resources , Naydenoff said , pointing to well-funded programs and agencies throughout McHenry County . It 's that police officers are n't always equipped to handle such crises .
`` We realize we are not social service professionals , '' he said . `` The truth of the matter is this : As a police department , you 're going to continue going to the same residences ... until the underlying issue that 's causing the problem is dealt with . ''
After talking with Naydenoff , the county 's mental health board launched a pilot program in March giving police departments access to a shared case manager , Cristina Mendoza , in hopes of bridging the gap between law enforcement and behavioral health services , Executive Director Scott Block said .
The goal is to reduce recidivism and ensure residents are getting the help they need , said Mendoza , a social services professional with the Aurora-based Association for Individual Development .
`` Sometimes a uniform can intimidate the community , and that right there builds a barrier , '' she said . `` But when you have somebody who works with the officers but is also there primarily for the community , that makes a difference in how they perceive the department . ''
The Cary and Algonquin police departments were the first to sign on to the program . Crystal Lake and Woodstock have since joined , and Huntley police officials say they are strongly considering jumping on board .
Through the program , officers in participating agencies can refer behavioral health cases to Mendoza , who then performs a needs assessment , meets with the individuals involved , and determines what resources could be most beneficial for them .
In nine months , Mendoza has accumulated 126 cases . Some include multiple people from the same family . The most common are those related to mental health , substance abuse or domestic issues , she said , but each client 's needs are different .
`` We take it one step at a time , '' Mendoza said . `` We communicate with the client , ask them to tell us how we can help them , and then I just meet them where they 're at . ''
Mendoza spends one day per week at each department while also making home or out-of-office visits . Her schedule can be readjusted if a crisis arises , she said .
Though the program initially was to end in the spring , the mental health board last month agreed to extend it through November 2018 . Contracting out for AID 's services costs $ 50,093 for one year , Block said .
Ideally , he said , each participating police agency would absorb its portion of the program 's costs at the end of the pilot program . In addition to preventing repeat offenders , he said , the program has the potential to reduce long-term costs associated with arrests and court processing .
AID , which offers a similar victim services program in Kane County , aims to eventually expand the McHenry County program by adding caseworkers and getting more police agencies involved , said Joanne Furnas , vice president for behavioral health services .
Lake in the Hills is the only department in the county to have a permanent social worker on staff , according to the Association of Police Social Workers .
`` ( Police ) like having somebody in-house that the officer can become familiar with , '' Furnas said . `` Our hope is that other police departments come on board and can really see the value of this . ''
Though a funding plan is n't in place yet , the Algonquin Police Department intends to continue the partnership beyond next year , Deputy Chief Ryan Markham said . So far , he said , Mendoza has had a significant effect on some of the community members with whom officers interact regularly , including elderly individuals or troubled youth .
Cary police , too , have received positive feedback and seen great results stemming from the collaboration with Mendoza , Naydenoff said .
`` Our officers have a mechanism now ( for ) when they 're handling a situation like this ... and the social worker can follow up in a much more appropriate and effective way than a police officer ever could , '' he said . `` I think it 's been very well received . ''
100 Why install solar on your home ? `` It 's the responsible thing to do . '' Pause
76 This volunteer group can lend you free medical equipment
113 Keep an eye out for this giant peacock in Boise this week
140 Homeowners in Northwest Boise rally to oppose more development as opens spaces vanish
33 Nampa students rally for and against gun control
143 For student organizers , Wednesday 's walkout was empowering
61 These Eagle High students ask : What would you do if you had just months to live ?
26 Students protest at Idaho Capitol
137 Students ' documentary on death accepted at Sun Valley Film Festival
In fall 2015 , Plant Services conducted an in-depth survey of manufacturing and industrial production professionals , asking readers for their thoughts on a comprehensive set of workforce-related topics . From that survey , a portrait emerged of an industry that was quietly dividing itself into haves and have-nots based on whether organizations were ( 1 ) embracing more proactive , data-driven approaches to maintenance and reliability , and ( 2 ) investing in their own human capital .
Fast-forward to the start of 2017 , and results from our follow-up survey indicate that although these familiar patters persist , a new set of concerns on the part of both managers and front-line workers is emerging :
Where is next-generation talent hiding ?
Do I have to look outside the company for my own next career opportunity ?
Will my executives do the things they say they will do ?
This article presents key trends and findings from the Plant Services 2017 Workforce survey , sketching out an updated portrait of the actions and attitudes shaping our industry 's response to social , technological , and demographic change . Key questions from the initial survey were repeated in order to chart the extent to which attitudes and priorities might have changed over the past year , and an entirely new set of questions was added to pin down the types of training and certifications being extended to you and your peers .
In sum : If you 're stressed about where to find new talent , and you already have an eye out for your next job , you 're not alone .
Click here to read Part 2
Workforce challenges
To get a better understanding of our readers , we asked survey respondents some baseline questions . The vast majority of respondents fit into one of two generational categories : Boomers ( 49.8 % ) or Generation X ( 39.3 % ) , with Millennial respondents increasing slightly from 2015 to 8.5 % ( see Figure 1 ) . It 's worth noting that although Boomers still represent the majority of respondents , there was a significant increase in GenX participation ; this was mirrored by a nearly equal decline in Boomers ' share .
Although the latest data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates that women comprise 27.6 % of personnel in manufacturing , only 4.0 % of our 2017 survey respondents are women . Also , respondents were nearly evenly split when indicating whether their plant 's location was urban ( 30.3 % ) , rural ( 26.9 % ) , or suburban ( 42.8 % ) .
Finally , it 's worth noting that the number of manager-level respondents declined by 27 % , whereas the front-line workers – maintenance , reliability , engineering , operations , and production – increased by 16 % . This shift may reflect the ongoing wave of industry retirements , given that data from our 2017 survey so clearly indicate a general anxiety on where to find new workers . It also agrees with similar data from our 2016 PdM survey , which uncovered a significant rise in the number of positions available falling under a “ reliability ” heading .
When asked what they thought were the biggest challenges to successful workforce change ( see Figure 2 ) , both managers and front-line workers agreed on several points :
A lack of communication , direction / follow-through , and strategic effectiveness exists at the executive level
Effectiveness of knowledge capture/transfer initiatives is a top concern
The threat of plant closures or offshoring initiatives is a lower-level concern
Friction among co-workers based on gender or ethnic differences also is a lower-level concern
Both groups were also asked about concerns specific to their level of responsibility . Managers specifically sent up an alarm on the ability of their organizations to recruit and retain workers and to capture employee knowledge effectively . In fact , the level of managerial concern over recruitment effectiveness shot up by more than 7 % over the past 18 months , as did concerns over knowledge capture and transfer .
Interestingly , managers did not rank budget concerns of any kind very high in the 2017 Workforce survey . It is also telling that managers expressed less concern this year with the quality of communication from the executive level but more concern with the effectiveness of executive strategy . These findings align with similar data collected in our 2016 PdM survey , which found that budget for more proactive MRO initiatives was increasing despite a fairly widespread dissatisfaction with PdM program effectiveness .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Video
Police footage shows ex-Nottingham Forest footballer Luke Thomas jumping out of a moving van to escape officers .
The 20-year-old crashed the vehicle in the St Ann 's area of Nottingham last June , before climbing over a fence and throwing a loaded handgun into a family 's garden .
DNA linked the van and gun to Thomas , and he was arrested a few weeks later .
On Tuesday , he pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and ammunition , as well as dangerous driving , and was jailed for five years .
Thomas , who represented Forest before a knee injury curtailed his career , admitted acting as a weapon `` courier '' , but claimed he had not known the gun was loaded .
Binghamton Illustrator , Russ Richardson has written and designed a book to help a Chenango Bridge boy who 's battling cancer .
`` What if I create a book about Super Cooper and we offered it for sale on Amazon , '' said Richardson .
Richardson created , `` Super Cooper Saves the Day , '' based on 4-year-old Cooper Busch who has been battling Acute Myeloid Leukemia since November 2016. Cooper is described as `` full of life and energy , '' according to his parents Tara and Steve and they say he lives up to his `` Super Cooper '' nickname every day .
`` I was asked by Room to Heal to make a poster for Cooper for his new bedroom and when I got the request and heard about his story I thought we could do a book instead as a fundraising tool , '' said Richardson .
The book , which is available on Amazon has already netted over $ 700 .
`` It 's really taken off and we 've been really overwhelmed by the success of it , '' said Richardson .
On Sunday , he was at Shop 607 at the Oakdale mall for a special book sale and author signing .
Cooper continues to receive treatment including blood transfusions and chemotherapy at Golisano Children 's Hospital in Syracuse .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
FT LAUDERDALE ( CBSMiami ) – Twelve tons of cocaine and a ton of marijuana will not make it to the shores of South Florida or anywhere else for that matter after being seized at sea by the U.S. Coast Guard .
The drugs , seized during 17 interdictions the coasts of Mexico , Central , and South America by multiple U.S. Coast Guard cutters and Canadian Naval vessels , are worth an estimated $ 390 million .
Tuesday morning the drugs were brought to Port Everglades by the Coast Guard Cutter Legare where it will be offloaded . The crew of the Legare is responsible for seizing a ton of the cocaine and eight kilograms of marijuana .
“ Today 's offload sends them a message that our network of partners and allies remains resolute in our commitment to stem the flow of illicit trafficking that breeds instability , ” said Cmdr . Jonathan Carter , commanding officer of Legare .
The Coast Guard has increased its presence in the Eastern Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Basin , which are known drug transit zones off of Central and South America , as part of its Western Hemisphere Strategy . During at-sea interdictions in international waters , a suspect vessel is initially located and tracked by allied , military or law enforcement personnel .
The interdictions , including the actual boarding , are led and conducted by U.S. Coast Guardsmen . The law enforcement phase of counter-smuggling operations in the Eastern Pacific is conducted under the authority of the Coast Guard 11th District headquartered in Alameda , California .
Our musical geniuses here have put together a perfect playlist for you , your fam , and your friends !
This playlist features Ella Mai , Ariana Grande , Bruno Mars , Maroon 5 , Taylor Swift , Post Malone , Drake , Cardi B , Khalid , Shawn Mendes , and more !
Set your July 4th cookout off right . Stream the Red , White , & `` Boo 'd Up '' playlist here !
$ 11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
At The NAFA 2018
Most recently , Dulquer Salmaan was in New York and Toronto for the NAFA ( North American Film Awards 2018 ) . The actor had won the award for the Best Actor ( Popular ) for his performances in the films Solo and Parava .
The Groupfie
Earlier , a star-studded groupfie was doing the rounds on social media . In the selfie , which was posted through the Facebook page of Trisha , you can see Dulquer Salmaan , Trisha , Parvathy , Manju Warrier , Tovino Thomas , Vijay Yesudas and Manya .
Dulquer Salmaan , Kalidas Jayaram & Others
Now , a short video clip taken from NAFA 2018 has been doing the rounds on the internet . This particular video features Dulquer Salmaan , along with Kalidas Jayaram and others grooving to the tunes of a super hit Bollywood song , while they came together on stage . Any guesses on the song ?
Lungi Dance
Well , Dulquer Salmaan is seen grooving to the tunes of the song Lungi Dance , from the blockbuster Bollywood movie Chennai Express . Dulquer Salmaan , Kalidas Jayaram , Neeraj Madhav , Suraj Venjaramoodu , Gopi Sunder etc. , came together on stage and each one of them are seen dancing to the song . Vijay Yesudas who sung the song joined them as well .
This is the second in a series of posts about Rust compiler errors . Each one will talk about a particular error that I got recently and try to explain ( a ) why I am getting it and ( b ) how I fixed it . The purpose of this series of posts is partly to explain Rust , but partly just to gain data for myself . I may also write posts about errors I 'm not getting – basically places where I anticipated an error , and used a pattern to avoid it . I hope that after writing enough of these posts , I or others will be able to synthesize some of these facts to make intermediate Rust material , or perhaps to improve the language itself .
Other posts in this series :
The error : closures capture too much
In some code I am writing , I have a struct with two fields . One of them ( input ) contains some data I am reading from ; the other is some data I am generating ( output ) :
use std : : collections : : HashMap ; struct Context { input : HashMap < String , u32 > , output : Vec < u32 > , }
I was writing a loop that would extend the output based on the input . The exact process is n't terribly important , but basically for each input value v , we would look it up in the input map and use 0 if not present :
impl Context { fn process ( & mut self , values : & [ String ] ) { self .output .extend ( values .iter ( ) .map ( | v | self .input .get ( v ) .cloned ( ) .unwrap_or ( 0 ) ) , ) ; } }
However , this code will not compile :
error [ E0502 ] : can not borrow ` self ` as immutable because ` * self.output ` is also borrowed as mutable -- > src/main.rs:13:22 | 10 | self.output.extend ( | -- -- -- -- -- - mutable borrow occurs here ... 13 | .map ( |v| self.input.get ( v ) .cloned ( ) .unwrap_or ( 0 ) ) , | ^^^ -- -- borrow occurs due to use of ` self ` in closure | | | immutable borrow occurs here 14 | ) ; | - mutable borrow ends here
As the various references to “ closure ” in the error may suggest , it turns out that this error is tied to the closure I am creating in the iterator . If I rewrite the loop to not use extend and an iterator , but rather a for loop , everything builds :
impl Context { fn process ( & mut self , values : & [ String ] ) { for v in values { self .output .push ( self .input .get ( v ) .cloned ( ) .unwrap_or ( 0 ) ) ; } } }
What is going on here ?
Background : The closure desugaring
The problem lies in how closures are desugared by the compiler . When you have a closure expression like this one , it corresponds to deferred code execution :
| v | self .input .get ( v ) .cloned ( ) .unwrap_or ( 0 )
That is , self.input.get ( v ) .cloned ( ) .unwrap_or ( 0 ) does n't execute immediately – rather , it executes later , each time the closure is called with some specific v . So the closure expression itself just corresponds to creating some kind of “ thunk ” that will hold on to all the data it is going to need when it executes – this “ thunk ” is effectively just a special , anonymous struct . Specifically , it is a struct with one field for each local variable that appears in the closure body ; so , something like this :
MyThunk { this : & self }
where MyThunk is a dummy struct name . Then MyThunk implements the Fn trait with the actual function body , but each place that we wrote self it will substitute self.this :
impl Fn for MyThunk { fn call ( & self , v : & String ) - > u32 { self .this.input .get ( v ) .cloned ( ) .unwrap_or ( 0 ) } }
( Note that you can not , today , write this impl by hand , and I have simplified the trait in various ways , but hopefully you get the idea . )
So what goes wrong ?
So let 's go back to the example now and see if we can see why we are getting an error . I will replace the closure itself with the MyThunk creation that it desugars to :
impl Context { fn process ( & mut self , values : & [ String ] ) { self .output .extend ( values .iter ( ) .map ( MyThunk { this : & self } ) , // ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ // really ` |v| self.input.get ( v ) .cloned ( ) .unwrap_or ( 0 ) ` ) ; } }
Maybe now we can see the problem more clearly ; the closure wants to hold onto a shared reference to the entire self variable , but then we also want to invoke self.output.extend ( .. ) , which requires a mutable reference to self.output . This is a conflict ! Since the closure has shared access to the entirety of self , it might ( in its body ) access self.output , but we need to be mutating that .
The root problem here is that the closure is capturing self but it is only using self.input ; this is because closures always capture entire local variables . As discussed in the previous post in this series , the compiler only sees one function at a time , and in particular it does not consider the closure body while checking the closure creator .
To fix this , we want to refine the closure so that instead of capturing self it only captures self.input – but how can we do that , given that closures only capture entire local variables ? The way to do that is to introduce a local variable , input , and initialize it with & self.input . Then the closure can capture input :
impl Context { fn process ( & mut self , values : & [ String ] ) { let input = & self .input ; //
Bigg Boss 11 contestants ( especially , Hina Khan ) do not know as to how their statements are creating controversies outside the house . It has to be recalled that a video in which Hina Khan was seen commenting on Sakshi Tanwar 's eyes had gone viral .
A few television actors took to social media to lash out at Hina Khan for her comment against Sakshi Tanwar . Hina 's boyfriend , Rocky felt that people made unnecessary fuss of Hina 's comment , although the actor in question ( Sakshi ) had n't commented on what Hina said !
Sakshi Tanwar 's Quote On Hina 's Statement Goes Viral Recently , an article on Sakshi Tanwar 's quote on Hina 's statement went viral . In the article , Sakshi was quoted as saying , `` Hina Khan has not intended to demean me . I have seen the entire video too , it was some other contestant who stated that she did n't like my features and Hina just clarified why . '' Sakshi 's Statement The statement further said , `` I do n't understand why Hina is being targeted for no reason . I am mature enough to understand the editing tricks of the channel too . '' Sakshi 's Spokesperson Confirms It 's A Fake Article But Sakshi 's spokesperson has denied it . DNA quoted Sakshi 's spokesperson as saying , `` This is a fake interview . Totally fabricated . '' Sakshi Did n't Give An Interview ! `` Sakshi has not spoken to any online or other publication regarding this whole controversy and does not intend to respond either . It is shocking that this article got posted without any actual interview and online posts are posting it without verifying the truth . '' Kavita Kaushik Confirms That It 's A Fake Article Even Kavita Kaushik took to social media to confirm the article was fake . She wrote , `` It 's a fake article - confirmed by saakshi 🏼 . '' Karan Patel Karan Patel , who has been expressing his views against Hina on the social media , had entered the house as special guest . He lashed out at Arshi and Hina Khan for their behaviour . Karan Takes A Dig At Hina Again ! Now , again Karan took to social media to take a dig at Hina ( and her boyfriend , Rocky ) regarding the fake article . He wrote , `` Kya yaar # MissGrace ka pre-paid pyaar apna PR theek se nahi kar paya .... 😂😂😂😂😂 . '' Rohan Rohan Mehra 's Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai co-actor ) , who had entered the house as special guest , had suggested Hina Khan not to take names when they are discussing about other actors ! Well , we hope Hina takes Rohan 's suggestion seriously !
Bigg Boss 11 : SHOCKING ! Makers Paid Priyank Sharma 's Ex Divya Agarwal A Huge Amount To Create Drama !
In Dallas this May , President Trump renewed his call to arm teachers who have been trained to use a gun . However , in a handful of states teachers have already brought guns to school with them for years .
In Utah , middle school special education teacher Kasey Hansen said she carries a gun on her every day .
`` It honestly took me like a couple years to really get comfortable because not only are you feeling proficient with a gun enough to carry it but it 's a complete mind shift , ” she said .
Hansen did n't grow up around guns and said she never considered carrying one until the Sandy Hook school shooting .
`` I was a brand-new teacher , second year of teaching and when I heard about it and I heard about how kids were hiding in cabinets , and teachers had to stand in front of them and take the bullets , and there was no solution for them to survive . It really just broke my heart , ” Hansen said .
So Hansen said she decided to sign up for a concealed carry class .
`` I did n't immediately think I have to go out and have a gun but I did think there 's go to be more to it than just cowering in a corner and hoping the gunman does n't find you , ” she said .
In Utah , teachers have been allowed to carry guns to school for years .
`` I 'm not saying everyone has to carry a gun , I 'm not saying if you become a teacher you also have to carry a gun . But if you 're confident and you 're trained and that 's something you want to do , please , how else are we going to protect our kids ? ” Hansen said .
Under the law in Utah , principals and superintendents are n't supposed to ask teachers and staff if they carry a gun . In Nevada , it 's a different story . A little-known law allows school staff to carry only if the get written permission from a principal .
The Clark County School District said the number of staff members who currently carry on school campuses , or who have requested to was less than 10 employees .
After the parkland school shooting , CCSD began drafting guidelines for employees who want to arm themselves . Those guidelines are still in the works .
For some valley teachers , the thought of carrying a gun at school makes them uneasy .
`` Encouraging teachers to carry guns in schools first of all that 's putting another responsibility on us on a long list of responsibilities I do n't think that 's the best approach to make school safer , ” teacher Vicki Kreidel said .
Parents like Barbara Konrad said they feel the same way .
“ Honestly their focus needs to be on kids and on learning and their focus really should n't be worrying about the weapon that they 're carrying , the focus should be on their kids that 's where it needs to be , ” Konrad said .
One thing people on both sides of the debate could agree on was the need to keep the conversation going about how to make schools safer .
`` I 'm angry that there 's still a major debate and that nobody can safely come up with a plan that will protect our children but I 'm also happy that we 're talking about it , ” Hansen said .
`` There are other solutions out there that we need to find and so absolutely the conversation needs to continue , ” Konrad said .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
STEUBEN — The Henry D. Moore Library and Parish House will host a bean supper and silent auction on Saturday , Aug. 19 .
The silent auction will take place from 5 to 6 p.m. in the library , located on the second floor of the building . The supper begins at 6 p.m. downstairs in the auditorium .
Those attending the auction can enjoy a selection of hors d'oeuvres and snacks along with punch . The supper menu includes baked beans , macaroni and cheese , hot dogs , cole slaw , corn muffins , gingerbread with whipped cream , coffee and tea .
Among the items to be sold during the auction are a framed photograph by award-winning local photographer Johanna S. Billings , a framed photo by Craig Snapp , a framed wood cut by Bob Bryson and more .
For more information , call Jeanne Benedict at 546-7301 or email [ email protected ]
This weekend , the valley could see triple digits for the first time in 2018 . ( FOX5 )
This weekend , the valley could see triple digits for the first time in 2018 . Earlier this week , snow fell in the mountains and the valley saw temperatures in the 60s !
“ The weather 's crazy , but at least , you know , if it 's gon na be crazy , I 'd rather it is this crazy instead of like snow back east all the time : six months of winter , ” Las Vegas resident Donna Jobert said .
“ Even though we 've had a lot of changing weather this week , once it starts heating up , there 's no change . It 's just hot , ” Las Vegas resident Audrey Carlson said .
People all around the valley were already gearing up for the heat . The Sunset Park splash pad was packed with kids Friday . Parents said it 's a way to keep the kids cool and occupied in the heat .
“ Splash pads are good . I gamble , stay inside , movies , ” Jobert said .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
RHTY & SC and Ansa McAl renew long standing relationship
Guyana 's leading youth and sports organisation , the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club , MS and beverage giants Ansa McAl ( Guy ) Ltd on Tuesday last renewed their long standing relationship during a courtesy call to the Company 's Head Office at Beterverwagting , East Coast , Demerara . A Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club delegation consisting of Vice President Mark Papannah , Secretary/CEO Hilbert Foster , Asst Secretary Simon Naidu and Organising Secretary Ravindranauth Kissoonlall held a highly successful meeting with Ansa McAl Managing Director Troy Cadogan to discuss the Club 's plans for 2018 .
Club Secretary/CEO Foster informed Cadogan that the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club has set itself a target of 700 activities for 2018 and that the year has gotten off to a flying start with activities being held on a daily basis . The Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club and Ansa McAl started a working relationship over two decades and Foster hailed the Company as one of the main reasons why the Rose Hall Town based Club is widely considered Guyana 's best .
Ansa McAl in 2018 would be co-sponsoring the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club Annual Youth Review Magazine , 28th Annual Award Ceremony and would be the sponsor of the 6th Annual Ansa McAl Award of Excellence , monthly Television Programme and the 7th Annual Tribute to Head Teachers Programme . The Company would also review for possible assistance , a Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club proposal to provide street signs for the Township of Rose Hall Town .
Foster disclosed that the 48 pages Youth Review Magazine would be published by the end of April , while 40 Club Members would be honoured during the Annual Awards Ceremony which is scheduled for the 15th April , 2018 , at the St. Francis Community Developers Training Hall . The Annual Ansa McAl Award of Excellence would be hosted on Friday 27th July , 2018 and a total of five outstanding Berbicians would be honoured for their contribution to Guyana in the fields of Education , Health , Sports , Culture and Community Development . The Tribute to Head Teachers Programme would be hosted on the 5th October , 2018 , World Teachers ' Day and would involve the honouring of twelve outstanding Head Teachers drawn from the Lower Corentyne area . The long standing Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club Secretary was loud in his praise for Ansa McAl 's assistance over the years and special mention was made of former Managing Directors Paul Chan-a-Sue , Beverly Harper along with Cadogan and Nigel Worrell among others .
Harper served as Honourary Patron of the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club from 2010 to 2015 , while Cadogan was hailed as a long standing friend and mentor to the Management of the Club . Vice President Mark Papannah assured Ansa McAl that the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club along with its ten cricket teams and Over-35 Group would work as a unit to make sure that all the programmes are not only properly organised but also achieves their objectives .
Cadogan , in brief remarks stated that Ansa McAl was aware of its corporate responsibilities and loves to be involved in activities that make positive differences . He congratulated the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club for its outstanding work over the years and encouraged the Executive Committee to uphold their high standard . He expressed confidence that the relationship between his Company and the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club would be strengthened in the future .
Blythe Danner defends Gwyneth Paltrow after NYT columnist 'disparages ' her `` She had learned from her father , the producer and director Bruce Paltrow , how to stand up for herself , '' Danner writes in her letter to the New York Times .
Chris Martin still hangs with ex-mother-in-law Blythe Danner A spy said Martin and Danner “ joined Hilaria Baldwin at Guild Hall in her box at a sold-out staged reading of the comedy ‘ Gross Points ' by Ira Lewis , starring Alec ...
Even Gwyneth is n't guaranteed a table at this hotspot Gwyneth Paltrow dined with ex-husband Chris Martin and mom Blythe Danner at Cookshop .
UK student loan sell-off comes with weak grades
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
EDO STATE Publicity Secretary of the Progressives Congress , APC , Godwin Erhahon , has been suspended by the State leadership of the party for criticizing former governor Adams Oshiomhole . The suspension , was sequel to his recent interview with Tell magazine , in which he reportedly disparaged the former governor The state chairman of the APC , Anselm Ojezua , [ … ]
The post Erhahon suspended as Edo APC publicity scribe appeared first on Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper .
PESCADERO — Authorities are preaching vigilance to residents after a mountain lion entered a Pescadero bedroom and snatched a 15-pound dog as its owners , just footsteps away , looked on in horror early Monday , according to the San Mateo County Sheriff 's Office .
Deputies were called to a home in the 800 block of Native Sons Road , about a half-mile south of Pescadero Creek Road , for a report of the mountain lion encounter .
An adult resident told them that she and a child were sleeping in a bedroom with their 15-pound Portuguese Podengo at the foot of the bed . She told deputies that they kept the room 's French doors slightly open so that the dog could go outside as it needed .
Instead , around 3 a.m. , she woke to the sound of the dog “ barking aggressively , ” and when she turned toward the sounds she saw the “ shadow of an animal enter the room , take the small dog from the bed ” and walk out .
When the resident went out after the dog , she discovered large wet paw prints at the bedroom 's entrance . Responding deputies found prints suggesting a mountain lion .
The Sheriff 's Office summoned the state Department of Fish and Wildlife to investigate as well .
In light of the encounter , sheriff 's officials are restating warnings that residents lock and secure their doors and windows at night and brush up on mountain lion safety tips at wildlife.ca.gov/Keep-Me-Wild/Lion .
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo . Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni ...
Follow @ insidefutbol
Manchester United loanee Timothy Fosu-Mensah has revealed that his interactions with Crystal Palace manager Frank de Boer played a key role in him joining the Eagles .
The 19-year-old was snapped up on a season-long loan deal by De Boer 's team recently , thus getting the chance to reunite with his former coach at Ajax .
The youngster insists that the desire he witnessed from De Boer to secure his services made his decision to join the club easy .
The Manchester United contracted player also took time to speak about the need for him to repay the manager 's faith by putting in good performances on the pitch for his new team .
“ The manager spoke to me about coming down to join Crystal Palace and it was clear that he wanted me to be part of his squad which as a player gives you a great feeling straight away '' , Fosu-Mensah told his club 's official website .
`` I must now repay that back by putting in some good performances for the club . ''
Being just 19 , the Dutch Under-21 international insists that he still has a lot to learn and regular first team opportunities at Selhurst Park will help him to do so .
“ I am only 19 years old and still have a lot to learn and therefore getting the opportunity to play more games on a regular basis will help my development . ''
He made his first start for Crystal Palace in their 3-0 home defeat against Huddersfield Town on Saturday .
The youngster has featured 21 times for Manchester United since making his senior debut in 2016 .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Police are investigating a Monday night shooting that has left one person with critical injuries .
KCPD dispatch says the shooting happened in the area of Myrtle Avenue and E. 46th Terrace at about 8:30 p.m . The victim was found on scene and taken to a hospital with life-threatening injuries .
Police have n't released a suspect description yet .
If you know anything that will help investigators in this case , call the TIPS Hotline at ( 816 ) 474-TIPS .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Putin Wins Another Six Years In Office
Putin faces many challenges as he takes on another 6 years in office . But the biggest question of all : what happens after Putin ? @ annmarie reports for # tictocnews ( Source : Bloomberg )
The world famous Arbroath Smokie has been immortalised in song .
Fit o ' the Toon ( The Smokie Song ) , describes someone who is feeling hungry and chooses a “ juicy big smokie ” that 's “ a ' golden broon and smokey ” over a plate of mince .
The person purchases the smokie “ a ' wrappit in a paper hankie ” from John Swankie at the fit o ' the toon and then cooks it “ richt through ower reed hot chips ” .
Local band Slipway has recorded the track as part of a series of songs about Arbroath which it is planning to release on a CD to raise funds for local causes .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The song was first performed around three years ago at an Arbroath Rotary concert at the town 's Webster Theatre with primary three pupils from Timmergreens Primary School adding their voices to the chorus .
Slipway 's guitarist Ian Lamb , who composed the song , said if it was ever recorded he would ask the pupils to perform again .
The youngsters , who are now in primary six , were recorded at the school by Graeme Watt from Seagate Studios in Dundee .
“ I wrote a song about the Bell Rock Lighthouse in Arbroath which got me back into the way of songwriting and I thought it would be a good idea to do a few songs about Arbroath , ” said retired journalist Mr Lamb .
“ Fit o ' the Toon was performed a few years ago with pupils from Timmergreens at a concert at the Webster Theatre . It got the biggest cheer of the night .
“ Now that we have decided to record all the Arbroath songs for a CD we invited the children to sing on the track .
“ What really delighted me was we went back into the school last week to rehearse for the first time in three years and they were word perfect . ”
Slipway consists of Mr Lamb on guitar , Alan Mowatt on vocals and Tony Simpson on keyboards and accordion .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Boxing Champion , Anthony Joshua To Visit Nigeria In August
360Nobs.com
Boxing heavyweight champion , Anthony Joshua , is gon na be visiting Nigeria for a three-day tour in August . The champion would be paying courtesy calls on Acting President Yemi Osinbajo in Abuja ; and the governors of Lagos and Ogun states as well as …
and more »
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files . Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only . Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted . Please support the artists and buy their music . All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners .
The one jacket every woman needs in her closet Whether it 's winter , spring , summer or fall , a badass leather jacket is the one piece of outerwear you can throw on with almost any outfit and instantly amp up your ...
From golden sheaths to suits with kicks , check out the hottest celeb trends Cara Delevingne , Jessica Alba and Taylor Swift are among the celebs rocking the hottest trends of the moment .
Stars on the slopes These celebs embrace everything winter has to offer .
Star snaps of the day The Rock meets the POTUS , Gwen Stefani gets festive , Eva Longoria hits Dubai , Jay-Z teams up with Justin Timberlake and more .
Star snaps of the day Lady Gaga is hands-on , Lea Michele is smooth , Leonardo DiCaprio speaks out , Eva Longoria glows , Chris Pratt and Anna Faris share a smooch and more .
Ashley Tisdale marries fiancé Christopher French The former `` High School Musical '' actress tied the knot on Monday in a lavish ceremony .
Star snaps of the day Cara Delevingne covers herself in pepperoni , Sofia Vergara is red hot , Sylvester Stallone shows Kellan Lutz who 's boss and more .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
It has been over 50 days since we saw Mohanlal making a public appearance . Reportedly , the actor was undergoing an intense training to shed a few kilos for his upcoming film Odiyan , directed by VA Shrikumar Menon .
According to the reports , Mohanlal underwent a special training under the guidance of a group of trainers , yoga masters , and masseurs from France . The fans of the actor and the entire Malayalam film audiences have been eagerly waiting to see the new avatar of Mohanlal .
It was then that VA Shrikumar Menon came up with an announcement regarding the launch of the next teaser of Odiyan and also the unveiling of the new look of Mohanlal . This announcement further raised the expectations of all the fans of Mohanlal ..
Pink Announces New Tour
Pink performs onstage during the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards at The Forum on August 27 , 2017 in Inglewood , California . ( Photo by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images )
By Melissa Ruggieri , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Pink is returning to the road to support her new album , “ Beautiful Trauma , ” out Oct. 13 .
The “ Beautiful Trauma World Tour 2018 ” will play 40 dates in North America , kicking off March 1 in Phoenix .
> > Read more trending news
Tickets for the show are between $ 47.45 and $ 207.45 .
An American Express card member pre-sale runs from 10 a.m. Oct. 10 through 10 p.m. on Oct. 12 . Tickets will go on sale to the general public at 10 a.m. on Oct. 13 .
Registration through Ticketmaster 's Verified Fan program is available now .
Fans who purchase tickets online between Oct. 10-20 can redeem one physical copy of “ Beautiful Trauma ” ( redemptions must be completed by 11:59 p.m. Oct. 20 ) .
‘ Beautiful Trauma 2018 Tour ' Dates
DATE CITY VENUE 03/01/18 Phoenix Talking Stick Resort Arena 03/03/18 Wichita , Kansas INTRUST Bank Arena 03/05/18 Tulsa , Oklahoma BOK Center 03/06/18 Lincoln , Nebraska Pinnacle Bank Arena 03/09/18 Chicago United Center 03/12/18 St. Paul , Minnesota Xcel Energy Center 03/14/18 St. Louis Scottrade Center 03/15/18 Kansas City , Missouri Sprint Center 03/17/18 Indianapolis Bankers Life Fieldhouse
03/18/18 Grand Rapids , Michigan Van Andel Arena 03/20/18 Toronto , Ontario * Air Canada Centre 03/23/18 Montreal , Quebec Bell Centre 03/25/18 Detroit * Little Caesars Arena 03/27/18 Louisville , Kentucky * KFC Yum ! Cneter 03/28/18 Cleveland * Quicken Loans Arena 04/04/18 New York * Madison Square Garden 04/07/18 Pittsburgh * PPG Paints Arena 04/09/18 Boston * TD Garden 04/13/18 Philadelphia Wells Fargo Center
04/14/18 Newark , New Jersey Prudential Center 04/16/18 Washington , D.C. * Capital One Arena ( fka Verizon Center ) 04/19/18 Charlottesville , Virginia John Paul Jones Arena 04/21/18 Atlanta Philips Arena 04/24/18 Orlando , Florida Amway Center 04/25/18 Fort Lauderdale , Florida BB & T Center 04/28/18 Houston Toyota Center 05/01/18 Dallas American Airlines Center 05/08/18 Denver Pepsi Center 05/09/18 Salt Lake City Vivint Smart Home Arena
05/12/18 Vancouver , British Columbia Rogers Arena 05/13/18 Seattle KeyArena 05/15/18 Portland , Oregon Moda Center 05/18/18 Oakland , California Oracle Arena 05/22/18 Fresno , California Save Mart Center 05/23/18 Ontario , California Citizens Business Bank Arena 05/25/18 Anaheim , California Honda Center 05/26/18 Las Vegas T-Mobile Arena 05/28/18 San Diego Valley View Casino Center 05/31/17 Los Angeles STAPLES Center
06/02/18 Los Angeles The Forum
* Bleachers supporting
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
One of the highlights of 12 Mansfield Harriers at the Charnwood Open Meeting at the Paula Radcliffe Stadium , Loughborough , was the return to the track of May Roberts in the 800 metres .
Roberts continued to train throughout a difficult last two years , although her racing had virtually stopped .
In the last few months she completed some quality training and , although rusty due to lack of racing , put in a superb run to record a time of 2.24 .
Under-13 Alex Foster and ladies ' team manager Bev Armstrong had a battle royal in the first heat of the 800m , with Foster going out hard and Armstrong then going past on the second lap .
With 100 metres to go Armstrong had a lead of about five metres , but a superb last 100 from the youngster saw her claw the lead back and overtake on the line .
Foster ran her second fastest time ever of 2.39.99 and Armstrong was rewarded with a new best of 2.40.35 .
Jonny Lowe ran in one of the faster heats and the Mansfield master was pulled through in a very fast first 400 , battling hard throughout to record 2.15.05
Matt Young made a welcome return after injury , racing to 2.02.03 in the under-11 600m metres .
Two more of Mansfield 's promising under-13s competed over 1,500m , both putting in strong performances with Jake Orr recording 5.25 and Beth Hamilton 5.32 .
Under-13 Tammy Smith recorded 15.56 in the 100m and 6.37m in the shot .
First year under-15 Ben Madeley continued his improvement , raced to a new best in the 200m of 26.65 and recorded 12.90 in the 100m .
The fastest sprint double of the night for the club was recorded by Aaron Aplin with 12.07 and 23.90 . Martin White raced to 12.76 and 25.83 .
Junior coach Chris Ashmore produced a personal best of 8.93m in the shot and clocked 13.07 in the 100m .
On the roads , Mansfield had nine athletes at the Newark Half-marathon .
Dan Hardy continued to show he is going to be a fantastic asset to Mansfield , placing 12th in 1.16.50 .
Another recent recruit , Adam Fairfield , used the race as a training run due to a recent hip flexor issue , clocking an impressive 1.36.10 .
Angela Purdue ran a new best of 1.55.04 .
Peter Copcutt also dipped under two hours with a time of 1.56.06 followed by Mel Ceney 2.06.38 , Tina Copcutt 2.18.49 , Claire Booth 2.21.38 , Sally Wilson 2.29.12 and Latia Renshaw 2.29.13 .
Also on the open circuit , Mansfield 's veteran warrior Maddy Collinge ran the Half Tour of Bradwell , a gruelling 16-mile race in the Derbyshire peaks in a time of 3hrs 40mins .
The last Summer League event took place last Tuesday at Shipley Park with the race run over 5.1 miles on road and trails .
The final Booths Decorators League race was held during the torrential rain that came throughout the day , making the conditions difficult .
Despite the weather , the club had 13 men and five ladies competing .
Mansfield had individual glory with Phil Shaw finishing 30th on the night from which he claimed the overall 50 age group title , Maddy Collinge placed 274th for second in the 65 female age group and Roy Smith placed 180th and third overall in the 65 age group .
First home on the night was Neil Cope in 22nd , with Gary Morley 36th , Martin Fickling 51st , Jack Cooke 55th , Matt Bradbury 66th , Nigel Watkin 72nd , Stuart Whysall 121st , Gary Towle 129th , Pete Copcutt 227th , Natasha Carver 243rd , Karen Kowalski 260th , Nathan Ellis 267th , Michelle Baxter 286th , Tina Copcutt 299th and Jim Breider 315th .
For the first time in several years Mansfield had full teams for every race . Overall the men 's team were seventh on the day and ninth overall , the ladies 11th both on the night and overall , and combined ninth both on the night and overall .
Here 's what we 've been told about passwords :
Make them complicated .
Use numbers , question marks and hash marks .
Change them regularly .
Use different passwords for each app and website .
Of course , these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all .
Now , the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier . The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords , and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules .
`` The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users , '' says Paul Grassi , senior standards and technology adviser at NIST , who led the new revision of guidelines .
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple , long and memorable . Phrases , lowercase letters and typical English words work well , Grassi tells NPR 's Audie Cornish . Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters . And passwords never need to expire .
`` We focus on the cognitive side of this , which is what tools can users use to remember these things ? '' Grassi says . `` So if you can picture it in your head , and no one else could , that 's a good password . ''
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy , Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break . And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively .
`` It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones , even with all those special character requirements , '' Grassi says . `` We are really bad at random passwords , so the longer the better . ''
Previously , security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users ' accounts were protected . Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password , but he says they are n't necessary to maintain security .
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security . When users change their passwords every 90 days , they often are n't dramatically changing the password , Grassi says .
`` I 'm pretty sure you 're not changing your entire password ; you 're shifting one character , '' he says . `` Everyone does that , and the bad guys know that . ''
The office can now be anywhere , and when you are at home having a solid reliable printer means you wo n't have to go to the office to get hard copies . Epson is addressing this segment with the introduction of new affordable and compact printers for the home , whether it is for the family or your home office .
Latest Epson Printers for Home Offices
The three printers Epson just announced come in well under $ 200 . According to the company , the WorkForce WF-2860 all-in-one printer , the Expression Home XP-5100 , and Expression Premium XP-6000 small-in-one printers provide features and performance capable of handling the printing needs of this user base . But they can also be used by small businesses in an office setting .
Although these printers have been classified as home office printers , they can handle the needs of small businesses moving to a paperless operation who do n't need an office workhorse printer .
Steve Michell , product manager , Epson America , Inc. , explained what each printer is designed to do in the press release . He said , “ The WorkForce WF-2860 is an excellent solution for the home office , while the Expression Home XP-5100 delivers great everyday printing in a small footprint and the Expression Premium XP-6000 is ideal for photo enthusiasts delivering impressive prints quickly . ”
The WorkForce WF-2860
Epson says this printer is for the Small office/home office ( SOHO ) entrepreneur . The WF-2860 uses the company 's PrecisionCore printing technology to produce laser-quality documents in a compact form factor . Some of the specs include print speeds up to 14 ISO ppm ( black ) and 7.5 ISO ppm ( color ) , a 150-sheet paper capacity , 2.4-inch color LCD console , a 30-page Auto Document Feeder , and auto 2-sided printing .
The connectivity features , essential for today 's entrepreneur , include network-free wireless printing , NFC1 touch-to-print capability , and Ethernet . It does all this while using up to 70 percent less power than laser printers
The Expression Home XP-5100
The XP-5100 also has the same print speeds as the WF-2860 along with paper capacity , 2-sided printing , the 2.4-inch color LCD console , and wireless printing .
This printer is compatible with Epson Creative Print so you can create and print borderless photo collages from Facebook and Instagram , customized stationery , calendars , and more .
The Expression Premium XP-6000
The XP-6000 has faster printing speeds at 15.8 ISO ppm ( black ) and 11.3 ISO ppm ( color ) , a 2.4 ” color LCD , and a dedicated photo/DVD trays for multipurpose printing .
This printer also prints photos quickly which can be accessed from USB and memory card slots and Android and iOS devices .
Price and Availability
The most expensive unit is the Expression Premium XP-6000 at $ 149.99 , followed by the WorkForce WF-2860 at $ 129.99 , and the Expression Home XP-5100 at $ 119.99 . These are MSRP from Epson , and prices may vary depending on the retailer . The printers are now available through major retail stores nationwide and Epson 's retail site .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Reading FC let slip a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 with Cardiff City in a thrilling match on Monday night .
An own goal and a strike by Mo Barrow had given Royals a 2-0 half time lead , but the Bluebirds came back strongly in the second half through a volley by Joe Bennett and an injury-time strike by Lee Tomlin .
The point extends Reading 's unbeaten run to five games but they will be frustrated they did not see out the game as a win would have seen them move into the top half of the Championship table .
Here are some quick fire talking points from the game .
Key moment
Joe Bennett 's late volley gave the visitors true hope and the belief they could get something out of the game .
Moan of the match
Royals defended heroically for a large part of the second half and they will be so frustrated they could n't see the game out .
Talking point
Should Royals have made more of an attempt to go for a third goal ? It 's easy to say post-match but a third would always certainly have killed off the Bluebirds .
Man of the match
Paul McShane - produced some heroic defending as Cardiff piled forward in the second half . A real shame he was n't on the winning side .
Tweet of the match
Chris Reinholter @ mrchrisr91
Gutted but still a good performance from the lads , lots to build on . To draw from 2-0 up is very hard to take but onwards we go . # readingfc
Referee watch
Stephen Martin ( Staffordshire ) : Seemed to get confused with a call midway through the second half when he changed his mind twice but overall a solid game . Greeted with the loudest cheer of the night when he sent Neil Warnock to the stands .
Atmosphere
It was the lowest league crowd of the season at Madejski Stadium which was partly understandable due to the freezing conditions and the fact it was being televised . After a quiet opening 45 minutes both sets of supporters came to life in the second half thanks to plenty of drama on the field .
Verdict
Never nice to throw a lead - especially in that fashion , but a point against a decent side gives them something to buil on .
Do n't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low 's Twitter account @ jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan 's Facebook page .
Cambodia 's Prime Minister and president of Cambodian People 's Party ( CPP ) Hun Sen looks at the ballot box after casting his vote during local elections in Kandal province , Cambodia June 4 , 2017 . Source : Reuters/Samrang Pring
20 Social Buzz
CAMBODIAN Prime Minister Hun Sen on Wednesday lifted an order barring exiled former opposition leader Sam Rainsy from re-entering the country after the latter challenged the premier to be “ brave enough ” to face him in next years general election .
According to The Cambodia Daily , Rainsy is inching closer to returning home after Hun Sen also issued his rival a challenge to deliver his pledge to risk prison or death by coming back and taking the prime minister 's post in the polls .
A spokesman from the Cambodian People 's Party , Sok Eysan , said the move was “ entirely ” in response to an interview Rainsy gave to Radio Free Asia on Tuesday in which he mocked Hun Sen 's cowardice in urging for the lifting of the ban , the daily reported .
SEE ALSO : Cambodia : Sam Rainsy dares PM Hun Sen to allow leadership contest next year
“ We can not make the right prediction until he arrives at Pochentong ( Airport ) , ” the spokesman was quoted as saying .
“ We will wait and see together . ”
In the interview with Radio Free Asia , Rainsy said in order to have a free and fair election , he must be allowed to be a contender and prime ministerial candidate to compete with Hun Sen .
“ I request that Hun Sen be brave enough not to obstruct me from being able to compete with him , ” Rainsy , who resigned from the Cambodia National Rescue Party ( CNRP ) earlier this year , said .
Rainsy quit as president of CNRP , Cambodia 's leading opposition party , in February , shortly after Hun Sen threatened legal changes that appeared to target him ahead of the polls .
SEE ALSO : Cambodia : Opposition cries foul over ‘ smear campaign ' after vote gains
The amendments , which were approved late February , stop anyone convicted of an offence from running for office for five years . The changes effectively bars Rainsy , Hun Sen 's main rival , from contesting in the election .
Courts that critics say are influenced by Hun Sen have convicted Rainsy of a series of defamation charges , forcing the opposition leader into exile in France .
In October last year , the government issued an order banning Rainsy from returning to the country and directed all airlines flying to Cambodia not to allow Rainsy on board their flights .
San Diego police were investigating what may be a break-in of a San Ysidro home Thursday morning . A woman in her 80s was confronted by a strange man who then ransacked her home and stole her car , police said . NBC 7 's Mackenzia Maynard reports .
Elderly Woman Confronted by Stranger in Her Home
San Diego police are asking for the public 's help to identify and capture a man wanted for burglarizing a San Ysidro home and attacking an 82-year-old woman .
The victim walked into her home on West Park Avenue just after 9 a.m. on March 29 and found a man ransacking her living room , San Diego police said .
Officers initially said the man was armed with a screwdriver when he threw the woman onto the floor .
New information released Tuesday said the suspect was armed with a knife , according to San Diego County CrimeStoppers .
The woman suffered injuries to her hands and head .
The suspect demanded the woman 's keys to her 2003 Toyota Camry , police said . It was later found unoccupied less than a third of a mile away near Cottonwood Road and Hall Avenue .
He 's described as 5-feet , 7-inches tall , with a thin mustache and wearing a black , zip-up hooded sweatshirt with a white design on the front of it and black pants .
Officers believe the suspect forced open a bedroom window and was inside before the woman came home .
A $ 1,000 reward is being offered for information leading to an arrest in the case . Anyone with information can call the SDPD 's Robbery Unit at ( 619 ) 531-2299 or the Crime Stoppers anonymous tip line at ( 888 ) 580-8477 .
The location of the incident is west of Interstate 805 and S Vista Avenue , just a few miles north of the U.S.-Mexico border .
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time .
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat : a 106-year-old cake , found in one of Antarctica 's first buildings .
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott . According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust , `` it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time . ''
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin , which is showing signs of deterioration . However , the cake itself is `` well-preserved , '' the conservators say .
`` There was a very , very slight rancid butter smell to it , but other than that , the cake looked and smelled edible ! '' the Trust 's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement . `` There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation . ''
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare .
According to the Trust , the first buildings on the continent `` were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink 's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott 's party in 1911 . '' Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert .
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake : `` It 's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions , and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice . ''
The cake 's sheer density probably helps . As NPR 's Maria Godoy has reported , people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you 're involved in manhauling , which is `` pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies . ''
Maria writes that there 's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years : `` When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements , bring plenty of snacks . ''
This is something Scott 's team knew — in fact , Maria says that `` his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb , high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes . ''
But tragically , explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry . Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole .
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there , because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area . That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves .
A Las Vegas Valley artist is gaining a lot of attention on social media thanks to his comical illustrations of the Vegas Golden Knights .
Juan Muniz has been an artist for more than a decade . He 's done murals in downtown Las Vegas and for businesses , including the Cosmopolitan and Zappos . But now he has his eyes set on a new inspiration : the Vegas Golden Knights .
It all started with a drawing of mascot Chance after the Knights swept the L.A. Kings . Muniz is proud to call Las Vegas home . But he admits even he was n't sure hockey would work in the desert .
“ Is it going to do well ? ” he said . “ I 'm honest , I was kind a skeptical . I was like , ‘ Is it going to do well in this city ? ' ”
But he fell in love with the team after 1 October .
“ The reason this city is so connected to the team , it is n't because now they 're doing great and they 're in the playoffs , ” he said . “ It was more of like , they came at a time when the city really needed to come together . ”
Then the Knights continued to make history .
“ Especially as the games get tougher , the playoffs get harder , ” Muniz said . “ We keep coming together as a community . You ca n't go anywhere in this city without seeing a Knights logo . ”
And to say thank you to the team , Muniz is putting his talent to good use , drawing cartoons of Chance and the Knights after each playoff game .
“ It 's become a storyline , ” he said . “ I create illustrations based on the outcome of the game . ”
Muniz said once he gets an idea , it takes about 30 minutes to put it on paper – or , in this case , a tablet .
He showed FOX5 one drawn after Game 2 against the Sharks .
We are talking to the artist behind this @ GoldenKnights artwork . What inspires him ... and how quickly can he draw one of these pieces ? You 'd be surprised ! Tune in at 10 @ FOX5Vegas # vegasborn pic.twitter.com/z8rQ8CBTxw — Tiana Bohner ( @ FOX5_Tiana ) May 6 , 2018
“ The goal , they took away from us , ” he said . “ So I did an illustration of the shark saying , ‘ Hey he pushed me . And the ref giving him a lollipop . ' ”
Muniz said it 's all in good fun . One of his favorite parts is seeing the fan reaction online .
“ When they started sharing it with each game , it just kept getting bigger and bigger , ” Muniz said .
And Muniz hopes it gets big enough to catch the attention of the Golden Knights , themselves .
“ To do something with the team that we 've taken as us , that 's something that I 'd like to do one day , ” he said . “ But for now , all I can do as a fan - of them and this city - is to just kind of keep that rally cry going . ”
Right now , Muniz is not making any money for his artwork .
He does n't want to unless he can partner with the Knights so that they can get some of the profit .
But he said he does plan to print his artwork on canvas to give to the Knights ' owner , Bill Foley , as a gift .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Boom ! A day-by-day guide of where to see suburban fireworks this week
hello
Nothing says Fourth of July more than a patriotic fireworks display . But you do n't have to wait until Independence Day to enjoy one .
Here 's a day-by-day list of where to catch fireworks in the suburbs through July 4 and beyond .
Wednesday , July 4
Antioch Independence Day Celebration : Main Street in downtown Antioch . Fireworks at 9:15 p.m. follow a day of activities . Free . www.antioch.il.gov .
Aurora Independence Day Fireworks and Festival : RiverEdge Park , 360 N. Broadway Ave. , Aurora . Viewing at McCullough Park , Illinois Avenue and Lake Street . At RiverEdge Park , the American Legion Band performs at 6:15 p.m. and the Fox Valley Orchestra at 7:45 p.m. Food vendors will be available . At McCullough Park , food vendors , inflatables and music by Pawnshop Horns from 7 to 9:15 p.m. Fireworks start at 9:35 p.m. Free shuttle service from 5:30 to 8:45 p.m. and after the fireworks . Free . aurora-il.org .
Barrington Fourth of July Fireworks : Barrington High School , 616 W. Main St. , Barrington . Fireworks display at dusk . Free . www.barrington-il.gov .
Bartlett Fourth of July Fireworks Celebration : Apple Orchard Park , 700 S. Bartlett Road , Bartlett . The fireworks at 9:30 p.m. will be accompanied by music on 98.1-FM . Bartlett Police will conduct traffic control at intersections along South Bartlett and Stearns roads after the show . The festival runs through Sunday , July 8 . Free . www.bartlett4thofjuly.com
Batavia Fourth of July Sky Concert : Engstrom Park , Main and Millview streets , Batavia . Savor the Flavor food vendors open from 5 to 9:30 p.m. Batavia Community Band performs at 8:15 p.m. and fireworks start at 9:30 . $ 5 donation for parking at both high school parking lots ( off Wilson and Main ) , the Ace Hardware parking lot and the Wilson Business Center on West Wilson Street . bataviafireworks.org .
Bensenville Libertyfest : Redmond Recreation Complex , 735 E. Jefferson St. , Bensenville . Music starts at 4:30 p.m. with Five Guys Named Moe , followed by Infinity at 7:30 p.m. Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. Free . bensenville.il.us .
Buffalo Grove Symphonic Band and Fireworks Display : Rotary Village Green , 260 N. Buffalo Grove Road , Buffalo Grove . The Buffalo Grove Symphonic Band plays a two-hour pre-fireworks concert . The fireworks are at about 9:15 p.m. with viewing from the Rotary Village Green , the Buffalo Grove Golf Course and Willow Stream Park . vbg.org .
Downers Grove/Woodridge/Darien July 4 Fireworks : 75th Street and Lemont Road , Downers Grove . Fireworks begin at 9:30 p.m. Free . events.downers.us/independence-day .
Elgin Fourth of July Celebration : Festival Park , 132 S. Grove Ave. , Elgin . Gates open at 4 p.m. Kool & The Gang and The Commodores perform at 7 p.m. , with fireworks immediately following . Tickets cost $ 35- $ 75 . Sponsored by Grand Victoria Casino . www.grandvictoriacasino.com .
Glen Ellyn Fireworks : Lake Ellyn Park , 645 Lenox Road , Glen Ellyn . Fireworks begin at dusk . Free . glenellyn4thofjuly.org .
Gurnee 's Six Flags Great America : 1 Great America Parkway , Gurnee . Fireworks go off at 9:45 p.m. See website for admission prices and packages . sixflags.com/greatamerica .
Huntley Fourth of July Fireworks : Visible from Deicke and Warrington parks . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m . Rain date is July 6 . Free . www.huntley.il.us .
Itasca Fourth of July : Hamilton Lakes , Park Boulevard off Thorndale Avenue , Itasca . Picnic concessions begin at 4 p.m. Pat McKillen performs at 7 p.m. and Maggie Speaks at 8 p.m. Fran Cosmos , formerly a singer with Boston , performs . Fireworks begin between 9:45 and 10 p.m. Free admission ; $ 25 on-site parking . itasca.com .
Lake Forest Festival and Fireworks : Deerpath Community Park , 400 Hastings Road , Lake Forest . Fields open at 5 p.m. , with opening band 97Nine at 6 p.m. , Hairball at 8 p.m. , and fireworks at 9:40 p.m. $ 15 for Lake Forest and Lake Bluff residents , $ 20 for nonresidents . VIP passes and family deals available . friendslfpr.org .
Lake Zurich Independence Day Celebration : Paulus Park , 200 S. Rand Road , Lake Zurich . Fireworks at 9:15 p.m. follow a day of entertainment , inflatable rides , swimming , food vendors and a beer tent . $ 2 adults for residents ; $ 7 for ages 4 and older for nonresidents . lakezurich.org/445/Events .
Libertyville Fireworks : Butler Lake Park , Lake Street , Libertyville . Come early for music , with fireworks beginning at sundown . Free . ( 847 ) 362-2430 or www.libertyville.com .
Lincolnshire 's Fourth of July Fireworks : Spring Lake Park , 49 Oxford Drive , Lincolnshire . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. Free . www.village.lincolnshire.il.us .
Mid-Summer Classics Concert Series : Rotary Green , 150 Lions Drive , Elk Grove Village . Big & Rich concert at 8 p.m. followed by fireworks . Free . www.elkgrove.org/visitors/mid-summer-classics-concert-series .
Mount Prospect Fireworks : Melas Park , 1500 W. Central Road , Mount Prospect . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. as part of the 80th annual Mount Prospect Lions Club Festival . Free . www.mplions.org .
Naperville Ribfest : Knoch Park , West Street at Martin Avenue , Naperville . Fireworks at dusk Wednesday , July 4 . Ribbers , a family area , a carnival and lots of entertainment . Headliners include Melissa Etheridge at 5:30 p.m. and Stray Cats at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $ 45 . Admission to the South Park only , with access to ribs , the carnival and the family area but not the main stage entertainment , is $ 5 daily and free after 5 p.m. Wednesday . ribfest.net/ .
Naval Station Great Lakes Fourth of July : Ross Field , Naval Station Great Lakes , 530 Farragut Ave. B , Great Lakes . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. cap a variety of other activities , including music from Navy Band Great Lakes Ceremonial Band at 8:30 p.m. and carnival rides . Free . www.mwrgl.com .
Rolling Meadows Fireworks : Community Center Park , 3705 Pheasant Drive , Rolling Meadows . Fireworks begin at 9 p.m. Free . ci.rolling-meadows.il.us .
Schaumburg Boomers : The Schaumburg Boomers will present special Independence Day celebration fireworks shows after their 6:30 p.m. home games against the River City Rascals on both Tuesday , July 3 and Wednesday , July 4 at Schaumburg Boomers Stadium , 1999 Springinsguth Road in Schaumburg . www.boomersbaseball.com .
Sleepy Hollow Fourth of July Festival and Fireworks : Sabatino Park , Thorobred Lane , Sleepy Hollow . Activities run all day , with fireworks at 9:15 p.m. Fireworks parking ( $ 5 per car donation requested ) opens at 7 p.m . Rain date is July 8. sleepyhollowil.org .
Streamwood Fourth of July Fireworks : Dolphin Park , 724 S. Park Blvd. , Streamwood . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m . Rain date will be July 5 . Free . streamwood.org .
St. Charles Fourth of July Concert and Fireworks : Pottawatomie Park , 8 North Ave. , St. Charles . Shout Out performs from 6 p.m. until dark in the pavilion . Fireworks begin at dark off Boy Scout Island . Fireworks can be viewed from Pottawatomie Park or Ferson Creek Park . Free ; parking is limited . stcparks.org
Vernon Hills July 4 Concert and Fireworks : Century Park , 1101 Fairway Drive , Vernon Hills . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. following live entertainment from the Big Fun Band from 6:30 to 9:30 p.m. Free . vernonhills.org/100/July-4th .
Waukegan Fourth of July Fireworks : Waukegan Harbor , 199 N. Harbor Place , Waukegan . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. Free . waukeganil.gov .
Westmont Independence Day Celebration : Ty Warner Park , 801 Burr Oak Drive , Westmont . Games , contests , entertainment and food start at 4 p.m. , with fireworks at 9:30 p.m. Free . westmontparks.org .
Thursday , July 5
Rockin ' In The Park 2018 : Parkway Bank Park , 5501 Park Place , Rosemont . The Four C Notes perform at 7 p.m. with a musical fireworks display following . Free . www.ParkwayBankPark.com .
Friday , July 6
Kane County Cougars : Northwestern Medicine Field , 34W002 Cherry Lane , Geneva . Fireworks follow the 6:30 p.m. game against the Cedar Rapids Kernels . Tickets start at $ 9 . www.milb.com/kane-county .
Saturday , July 7
Elburn Fireworks : Elburn Lions Park , 500 Filmore St. , Elburn . The grounds open at 7 p.m. with fireworks at 9:30 p.m. Free . www.elburnlions.com .
Fox River Grove fireworks : 6 p.m. Saturday , July 7 , at Picnic Grove Park , Birch Lane , Fox River Grove . Music and food at 6 p.m. ; fireworks begin at dusk . Shuttle bus available . Free . ( 847 ) 639-3170 or foxrivergrove.org .
Island Lake Fireworks : 8:45 p.m. Saturday , July 7 , over Island Lake . View the fireworks from Eastway Park ( parking available at the village hall ) or other locations throughout the village . Rain date is July 9 . Free . villageofislandlake.com/events .
Kane County Cougars : Northwestern Medicine Field , 34W002 Cherry Lane , Geneva . Fireworks follow the 6:30 p.m. game against the Cedar Rapids Kernels . Tickets start at $ 9 . www.milb.com/kane-county .
Lakeside Festival Fireworks : Lakeside Legacy Arts Park , 401 Country Club Road , Crystal Lake . Fireworks at dusk on the lake as part of this annual festival . Fest admission is $ 5 ; $ 2 for seniors 65 and older ; and free for kids 12 and younger and active military with ID . www.lakesideartspark.org .
Northwest Fourth Fest : Sears Centre Arena , 5333 Prairie Stone Parkway , Hoffman Estates . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. on the fourth night of this five-day festival . Free . northwestfourthfest.com
Pingree Grove Fireworks : Baseball complex , 1125 Wester Blvd. , Pingree Grove . Fireworks at dusk . A car show , food and entertainment start at 3 p.m. Free . pingreegroveevents.wixsite.com/idc2018 .
Sunday , July 8
Mount Prospect Fireworks : Melas Park , 1500 W. Central Road , Mount Prospect . Fireworks at 9:30 p.m. as part of the 80th annual Mount Prospect Lions Club Festival . Free . www.mplions.org .
Welcome to the Reading FC live blog for Monday , August 14 .
We 're back in full swing with three games played so far and plenty more coming up over the next few weeks .
Royals are back in action on Tuesday night when they take on Aston Villa at Madejski Stadium ( 8pm kick-off ) .
Manager Jaap Stam will no doubt be looking for a reaction following the team 's 1-1 draw on Saturday with Fulham .
Keep an eye on the live blog below for all the latest reaction from Fulham and build-up to Villa .
Plus we 'll be getting reaction to the signing of Leandro Bacuna and also keeping an eye on the latest transfer news for Royals and the other Championship clubs .
Do n't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low 's Twitter account @ jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan 's Facebook page .
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:22 How to make Valentine 's Day roses last longer than ever
1:25 91 and still in love : A story for the ages
1:54 Behind the scenes at the Velma Morrison auction in 2014
1:48 Treasure Magazine : Valentine 's Day with City Peanut Shop
0:51 The day Idaho 's Teton Dam broke
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
4:19 Williamson Orchards & Vineyards in Caldwell , Idaho
0:49 Helicopter video shows avalanches cutting off access to Stanley
BOSTON ( AP ) - Five female kitchen workers in Boston are detailing a sexual harassment lawsuit they 're filing against a national restaurant chain .
The Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice , which represents the women , says the lawsuit being addressed Tuesday highlights the plight of women in low-wage positions like dishwashers , cleaners and cooks .
It comes as allegations of sexual misconduct have roiled American politics , media , film and other white-collar industries .
The lawyers ' committee , a Boston-based nonprofit , says the lawsuit alleges a workplace filled with `` lewd behavior , sexually inappropriate comments and unwanted touching . ''
The woman and their attorneys are expected to speak Tuesday . The committee has n't named the women or the restaurant chain yet .
Celebrity chef Mario Batali stepped away from his restaurant empire Monday after four women accused him of inappropriate touching .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
DUBLIN , Ohio – A long-rumored deal to bring a PGA Tour event back to the Detroit area became official on Wednesday when the circuit announced that Quicken Loans has agreed to a “ long-term ” deal to sponsor the event .
Quick Loans , which had sponsored The National in the Washington , D.C. , area since 2014 , is based in Detroit and had been working to return golf back to the area for the first time since 2009 .
The Buick Open had been played at Warwick Hills in Grand Blanc , Mich. , beginning in 1958 .
“ Quicken Loans has been a tremendous PGA Tour partner for several years now , making an impact through the innovative spirit and community-first mindset the organization and its leaders bring to every endeavor , ” Tour commissioner Jay Monahan said in a statement . “ We 're thrilled to take this new step in our partnership and bring a PGA Tour event to the great city of Detroit . ”
As part of the deal , Quicken Loans agreed to sponsor this year 's event in Washington , which will be played June 28-July 1 . The National 's timeslot on next year 's schedule remains unclear , but sources say it will assume the Washington event 's date beginning in 2019 .
The new Quicken Loans event is expected to be played at Detroit Golf Club , a Donald Ross-designed course .
The Tour has not announced the 2018-19 schedule , which will include an earlier finish to the season and major shifts with the PGA Championship moving to May and The Players relocating back to March .
MIAMI – Tourism representatives from the Turks and Caicos Islands captured two of four Caribbean Hotels and Tourism Association ( CHTA ) tourism industry awards at the opening of the fourth Caribbean Hospitality Industry Exchange Forum ( CHIEF ) in Miami last month .
CHIEF Award : Caribbean Association Executive of the Year
Stacy Cox , Executive Director of the Turks and Caicos Hotel and Tourism Association , received the prestigious Caribbean Association Executive of the Year award during the presentation , which honors leading executives and employees in the Caribbean .
A native of the Bahamas and a citizen of the Turks and Caicos Islands , Cox wields more than 20 years of hospitality experience , and is known for her advocacy , marketing and human resource development initiatives to build a sustainable tourism product through awareness , outreach and education .
Cox , who was appointed president of the Caribbean Society of Hotel Association Executives ( CSHAE ) last year , brings a rare combination of savvy , sophistication and a forward-looking view of the industry . She has volunteered her time not only with CHTA but also with community organizations and events such as Youth Explosion , Maskanoo , TCI Shines Clean-up Campaign and TCI Little Chefs .
CHIEF Award : Caribbean Supervisor of the Year
Nandana Kandabadage of Seven Stars Resort in Turks and Caicos was named Caribbean Supervisor of the Year for demonstrating exceptional leadership in his management abilities .
He started his career as a Room Attendant in 1994 in Dubai where he began learning the importance of first class service through various positions . Part of the original housekeeping team at Seven Stars Resort , Kandabadage 's skills led to his promotion to Housekeeping Supervisor in 2012 . The first to volunteer for ‘ lateral ' service he also introduced changes to work practices and procedures which led to his department receiving a score of 100 percent on the recent Forbes hotel inspection .
Employee of the Year
Other winners included Caribbean Employee of the Year , Harold Rasjmin , Restaurant Captain of The Chophouse ( formerly The French Steakhouse ) at Manchebo Beach Resort & Spa in Aruba .
Recognized as an outstanding hotel or tourism employee in the private sector who exemplifies above-average technical competence and hospitality skill , he brings more than 30 years of food and beverage and hospitality experience to the management of the restaurant as well as to the training of staff , especially in his table-side dish preparations so beloved by guests . His extensive knowledge of menus , food , wine and service was obtained through decades of dedicated service in the restaurant industry . He takes wonderful care of both island visitors and the many locals who frequent The Chophouse .
Caribbean Allied Member of the Year Award
The Caribbean Allied Member of the Year Award went to Neil Kolton of Interval International . Described as a consummate sales professional with a keen eye for detail , Kolton has been a valued Allied Member of CHTA .
Joining Interval in 2005 , he quickly made his mark and was promoted from a northeast regional position to the Caribbean region manager . In 2010 , he was promoted to Director of Sales and Service for the Caribbean and Florida .
Demonstrating a great capacity to understand the region 's needs and offer valuable solutions that helped hotels grow in reach and revenue , his work with Interval has helped the company develop this key area of their business – the Caribbean . He also has demonstrated a commitment to the education and promotion of Caribbean nationals .
Through his dedicated involvement with the CHTA Education Foundation , Kolton has helped raise more than $ 700,000 in scholarships for Caribbean students pursuing degrees and certificates in tourism and hospitality .
A Las Vegas group is helping those less fortunate take care of their pets . Street Dogz focuses on helping dogs and cats , but volunteers also help their human owners find jobs and housing .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
LATAM Airlines Group confirmed ( 05-Oct-2017 ) the 100 % sale of Andes Airport Services , LATAM 's ground handling subsidiary in Santiago , to Acciona Airport Services , for CLP24.3 billion ( USD38.6 million ) . Andes will provide ground handling services to LATAM at Santiago International Airport for five years . As previously reported by CAPA , LATAM president Ignacio Cueto stated : `` The company seeks to become the most efficient , being able to deliver a better service '' . It is estimated that closing will take place within the 4Q2017 , and the effect on results will be of approximately USD20 million profit . [ more - original PR ]
The Blue Ridge Mountain Arts Association 's summer fundraiser will be Saturday , June 24 , at 7 p.m. , at The Art Center ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today
LiAngelo Ball worked out for the Lakers on Wednesday , and in the days leading up to his big day , LiAngelo was at the Lakers facility dunking .
He posted a series of dunk videos to his Instagram story with one dunk having the caption , “ dead legs . ”
Duke-bound dunk phenom Zion Williamson managed to show up LiAngelo with his own “ dead legs ” dunk video .
That 's just cruel .
While LiAngelo threw down a respectable ( if not basic ) dunk off a self lob , Williamson went behind the back on one dunk and had his face leveled with the rim on the second dunk .
The caption made it a clear shot at LiAngelo even if it seemed a bit unnecessary . Nobody considers LiAngelo a comparable athlete to Williamson except for maybe LaVar Ball .
Still , the dunks were insane .
IT execs discuss their existing IoT projects and role that robotic process automation is playing in helping them achieve their goals .
“ We are awash with data but the real science is in collecting and interpreting the data to deliver actionable outcomes , ” according to former Telstra chief scientist , Dr Hugh Bradlow .
Speaking at a recent forum , Dr Bradlow was referring to data captured by hundreds , sometimes thousands , of sensors and devices on the edge of corporate networks in the Internet of Things ( IoT ) .
Organisations in sectors such as government , healthcare , utilities , education and agriculture are using this data to improve the efficiency of their systems and procedures while reducing costs .
However , a key factor in the success or failure of any IoT project is the ability to automate manual tasks and provide straight through processing from backend systems .
IT leaders recently gathered at roundtables – sponsored by Software AG – in Sydney and Melbourne , to discuss the role automation plays in their IoT rollouts .
Software AG regional business director , Anthony Read , said there was some misunderstanding about robotic process automation ( RPA ) in the market with people believing it meant robots would replace humans in certain jobs .
“ This is not true ; there are no robots involved , ” he said . “ With RPA , the next generation of process automation is achieved where advanced decision logic can be applied to automatically advance steps in a process humans previously did .
“ Will RPA grow in importance due to IoT ? I think so . Why ? Because IoT-enabled devices will eventually kick-start many processes . For instance , the detection of abnormal behaviour of a machine might require the attendance of an engineer .
“ For this , a planning process might be started that may involve several steps and decisions such as , ‘ Are the spare parts readily available or do they still need to be purchased ? ' Due to the high number of devices in the future , the number of process initiations will grow dramatically as well . Having the right tools to automate those processes as far as possible will be one way for companies to cope with that growth . ”
Software AG account director , Michael Huw Moorcraft , said the sheer volume of data and its time-critical nature precluded human interaction for much of it .
“ This means that automation is the only way to leverage IoT . The business manager correlates patterns detected with new business models so the effect on these models can be seen , ” he said .
“ A secondary benefit of both IoT and automation is to open up data silos . A great deal of the data streaming from operational technology has been the domain of one or two specialists within a business . For this reason the data has had very little impact or benefit outside of that particular domain . Through acknowledging IoT and taking an automation route , the data has to be put to use . ”
Software AG advocates an IoT maturity model where companies go through three stages : getting data-driven , process-driven and analytics-driven .
“ In the first stage , when you try to cope with connecting devices and are solving data storage and visualisation challenges , automating core businesses processes wo n't make or break your projects , ” Read said .
“ But as soon as a company has jumped that hurdle and is starting to push the data being gathered , the ability to augment and automate core processes on the basis of IoT data is critical . ”
City of Port Philip manager , business technology , customer and corporate services , Rod Apostol , said the council had several IoT projects either completed or in progress .
For Port Phillip , the challenge in rolling out IoT projects lay not in the devices but the amount of data generated .
“ The bigger challenge now that we have so much data is ‘ how this can be meaningfully consolidated and visualised to help us make informed decisions ? ' ” Apostol said .
Apostol acknowledges the council is yet to explore the role of robotic process automation , where a computer or virtual worker mimics the execution of a human 's repetitive actions , in its IoT rollouts .
“ We have identified a number of processes that will lend themselves to this as they are logical , repetitive and transactional in nature but we are yet to start down this path , ” he said .
Service Stream head of enterprise architecture and cybersecurity , Adam Buczko , said the network service provider 's IoT projects are at a very early stage . Key challenges to date included creating rich metadata for its IoT assets and managing data retention and archiving requirements .
Automation played a critical role and is a necessary prerequisite for entering the IoT space , he said . “ If automation ca n't be relatively easily achieved , we would be unlikely to make a business case for any IoT project in our organisation , ” he said .
ANZ head of business systems and data quality , wholesale operations , Glenn Goodman , said the bank is always looking at branch tools and moving towards more digital-based solutions for customers . However , he could n't think of an area where an IoT project could be justified as part of mainstream banking services .
“ We are definitely looking at biometric authentication options which would require additional thinking on how this data is captured and used , and possibly some innovations that are required to assist with capturing data , ” he said .
Who 's responsible for making IoT work ?
Business process owners , together with the IT group ( led by the CIO ) and enterprise architects , are collectively responsible for making sure that IoT projects deliver what is promised , according to Software AG 's Read .
“ The business will need to understand the impact of having IoT devices starting all kinds of processes automatically – the impact on customer experience and/or the workforce . For instance , will IoT improve customer experience ? Will the automation result in some staff members losing their jobs ? ”
As IoT projects could have far ranging consequences , staff departments such as HR and compliance , may want to be involved in the process , as well , he said .
At the City of Port Phillip , business technology and customer experience teams will drive IoT initiatives in conjunction with the heads of each department when and where opportunities are identified , according to Apostol .
“ Our C-level execs as a whole are providing oversight of these sorts of initiatives around outcomes and governance while ensuring we align to the strategic direction of the council . All projects need to deliver a benefit to our community . Informed decision making will be a major part of that . ”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
Earlier today President Donald Trump and Vice-President Mike Pence held an event at the White House to renew a space policy for NASA 's continuing U.S. mission directives .
[ Transcript ] 2:58 P.M. EST – THE PRESIDENT : Thank you very much , Vice President Pence , for helping — where 's our Vice President — great job , great job — to restore American leadership in space . So important .
Cabinet members , General Selva , Deputy Secretary Shanahan , Acting Administrator Lightfoot , members of Congress , and the National Space Council , thank you all for being here . And especially , Mike , as I said , I want to thank you . I know how active you 've been and how important this is to you . So we appreciate it . Thank you very much .
We also welcome astronauts Christina Koch and Peggy Whitson . Christina , thank you . Peggy , thank you very much . Peggy recently returned from the International Space Station and has now spent an incredible 665 days in space . You 'll have to explain that . That sounds tough . ( Laughter . ) More than any other American ; more than any woman ever .
Finally , we 're honored to be joined by Apollo astronaut Jack Schmitt . Exactly 45 years ago , almost to the minute , Jack became one of the last Americans to land on the moon . Today , we pledge that he will not be the last . And I suspect we 'll be finding other places to land in addition to the moon .
What do you think , Jack ? Where 's Jack ? What do you think , Jack ? We 'll find some other places out there ? There are a couple of other places , right ?
MR. SCHMITT : Yes , we should . Learn from the moon .
THE PRESIDENT : We 'll learn . The directive I 'm signing today will refocus America 's space program on human exploration and discovery . It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use . This time , we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint , we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars . And perhaps , someday , to many worlds beyond .
This directive will ensure America 's space program once again leads and inspires all of humanity . The pioneer spirit has always defined America , and we 're picking that up in many other fields . I think you see that . I think it 's obvious . All you have to do is look at what 's happening with the markets and all of the great things that are happening . We 're leading in many different fields again , and it 'll get more and more obvious as you go along .
After braving the vast unknown and discovering the new world , our forefathers did not only merely sail home — and , in some cases , never to return . They stayed , they explored , they built , they guided , and through that pioneering spirit , they imagined all of the possibilities that few dared to dream .
Today , the same spirit beckons us to begin new journeys of exploration and discovery , to lift our eyes all the way up to the heavens , and once again imagine the possibilities waiting in those big , beautiful stars if we dare to dream big . And that 's what our country is doing again : We 're dreaming big .
This is a giant step toward that inspiring future and toward reclaiming America 's proud destiny in space . And space has so much to do with so many other applications , including a military application . So we are the leader and we 're going to stay the leader , and we 're going to increase it many-fold .
I 'd like to invite Vice President Pence , if he would , to say a few words . He 's been leading this for me and I appreciate it .
Mr. Vice President .
THE VICE PRESIDENT : Mr. President , thank you . Thank you for your leadership and thank you for the honor to be here today in my capacity as chairman of the National Space Council for what I believe is a momentous occasion in the history of American space exploration .
To all the extraordinary leaders who are gathered with us today , to members of Congress , and the pioneers of space exploration who are gathered here , we thank you . We thank you for all you 've done to serve our nation and expand the horizons of human knowledge and advance American leadership in outer space .
Mr. President , in signing this space policy directive , you are ensuring that America will lead in space once again . To guide this new era of American space leadership , President Trump has relaunched the National Space Council . And at the Councils inaugural meeting in October , we unanimously approved a recommendation to instruct NASA to return American astronauts to the moon , and from there to lay a foundation for a mission to Mars .
Todays action by President Trump makes that recommendation official national policy for the United States of America . As everyone here knows , establishing a renewed American presence on the moon is vital to achieve our strategic objectives and the objectives outlined by our National Space Council .
In pursuing these objectives , Mr. President , we will , as you said , enhance our national security and our capacity to provide for the common defense of the people of the United States of America . We will also spur innovation , as the space program has always done , Mr. President . Youve reflected on it often , and well see jobs created that we couldnt even imagine could be created today .
Well also ensure , lastly , that the rules and values of space exploration are written with American leadership and American values .
Mr. President , you 've said that the pioneer spirit has always defined America . And by your action today , with this clear vision — returning Americans to the moon , preparing to lead to Mars and beyond — you 're ensuring , Mr. President , that America will lead in space in the future and for generations to come . And I thank you for the honor of being a part of this .
THE PRESIDENT : This is very exciting and very important for our country . And it also happens to mean jobs . Jobs . And we love jobs too , right ? Congratulations .
( The directive is signed . ) ( Applause . )
THE PRESIDENT : Thank you , everybody . Thank you very much .
END 3:06 P.M. EST
Advertisements
Johnson City Fire Department To Mark Fire Prevention Week With Puppet Shows At Local Schools
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
London – WorldRemit , the leading digital money transfer service has added Android Pay to its service , offering a new way for WorldRemit 's Android Pay users to send money internationally and reach millions using mobile money accounts .
Pioneering a mobile-first approach to the $ 600bn a year remittance industry , the move sees WorldRemit bringing together the leading players in mobile payments from Silicon Valley and Sub-Saharan Africa .
Launching the global rollout of the service at MoneyConf 2017 , WorldRemit will enable Android Pay users to safely and securely send money to +112 million mobile money accounts accessible via its network . The integration will make WorldRemit the only remittance provider offering international payments through Android Pay around the globe .
By connecting directly with Android Pay , WorldRemit customers can transfer money instantly across continents in just 5 taps – without entering credit card or 3DS details . Using mobile money , a recipient customer can then pay for school fees , utility bills and groceries among other things directly from their mobile phones – without the need for 3G or wifi . As Android Pay is supported by industry standard tokenization , payments are sent with a virtual account number providing an extra layer of security .
WorldRemit currently sends money to more mobile money accounts than any other operator in the world . The company enables migrants to send money from their smartphones to the mobile phones of the people they love , in over 140 countries to be paid out in cash , paid into a bank account or into a mobile money account .
Alice Newton-Rex , VP of Product at WorldRemit , comments : “ Currently 60 % of WorldRemit app users are on Android , which is also by far the most popular mobile operating system in the developing world , where 2 billion people are still unbanked , but critically half a billion use their mobiles as a bank account .
“ This integration with Android Pay is the next logical step of our mobile first approach , and continues our commitment to providing greater financial inclusion . ''
Pali Bhat , Director , Product Management at Google , said : “ We want to make it easier for organisations like WorldRemit to offer a simpler , faster in-app payment solution for their customers . With Android Pay , people will be able to speed through checkout with their Android phones in a few clicks ” .
WorldRemit users make around 600,000 transactions every month , sending from over 50 countries to more than 140 destinations .
About WorldRemit
WorldRemit is changing the way people send money . It 's easy – just open the app or visit the website – no more agents .
Transfers to most countries are instant – send money like an instant message .
More ways to receive ( Mobile Money , bank transfer , cash pickup , and mobile airtime top-up ) .
Available in over 50 countries and 140+ destinations .
Backed by Accel Partners and TCV – investors in Facebook , Spotify , Netflix and Slack .
WorldRemit 's global headquarters are in London , UK with regional offices in the United States , Canada , South Africa , Singapore , the Philippines , Japan , Australia and New Zealand .
By TJH
ABC News ( WASHINGTON ) — Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the incident of a man ramming his car into a crowd of demonstrators in Charlottesville , Virginia , on Saturday , that left a young woman dead and sent 19 people to hospitals “ does meet the definition of domestic terrorism ” in U.S. law .
“ It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute , ” Sessions said on ABC News ' “ Good Morning America ” today . “ We are pursuing it in the [ Department of Justice ] in every way that we can make a case . ”
“ You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable evil attack , ” he said .
The car-ramming incident occurred shortly after authorities in Charlottesville called off a planned white nationalist rally and ordered crowds to disperse following violent clashes between rallygoers and counterprotesters .
Heather Heyer , 32 , who was with a group protesting against the white nationalist gathering , was killed when the car plowed into the crowd .
A 20-year-old Ohio man , James Alex Fields Jr. , was arrested and charged with second-degree murder in the incident .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : Politics
O'Brien says Savage would n't have returned if he saw video
hello
Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage ( 3 ) leaves the game to get checked out during the first half of an NFL football game against the San Francisco 49ers , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 , in Houston . Associated Press
Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage ( 3 ) is checked by a referee after he was hit during the first half of an NFL football game against the San Francisco 49ers , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 , in Houston . Savage left the game . Associated Press
HOUSTON -- Texans coach Bill O'Brien says he would n't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday 's game after an alarming hit that gave him a concussion and left the quarterback 's hands shaking if he had seen the video of the hit .
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston 's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil .
Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward .
He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series .
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive , and Houston 's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline at the end of that possession .
He was then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that he did have a concussion .
On Monday O'Brien said : `` There 's no video on the sideline . All there are are tablets . There 's no video , there 's nothing like that . With benefit of seeing the video ... ( and ) the care for the player , I would 've never let that player back in the game , and I do n't believe that ( trainer ) Geoff Kaplan would 've allowed that player back in the game . I do n't have benefit of the video . I did not see anything . ''
Also on Monday an NFL spokesman said the league is looking into whether concussion protocol was properly followed after Savage was injured .
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players ' association `` together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed , but we 're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it . ''
___
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner contributed to this report .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Kentucky State Police are investigating a deadly crash that happened Monday morning on US 51 in Carlisle County .
A semi and a SUV crashed near 3605 Highway 51 around 7:15 a.m . This is about halfway between Bardwell and Arlington .
Troopers say 67-year-old Raymond Wilson of Gleason , Tennessee , was driving a semi north on Highway 51 when he went into the southbound lane and hit a SUV being driven by 74-year-old Sandra Fronabarger of Wickliffe , Kentucky .
Wilson was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
Fronabarger was pronounced dead at the scene .
An investigation into the crash is ongoing .
Image copyright Getty Images
Contractors affected by the collapse of outsourcing giant Carillion will be able to apply for government-backed loans from High Street lenders .
Thousands of Carillion suppliers were left unpaid after the construction giant collapsed in January .
Ministers say the state-owned British Business Bank will guarantee £100m of lending to those firms , which should make it easier for them to borrow .
This is in addition to funds created by Lloyds Banking Group , HSBC and RBS .
Business Secretary Greg Clark said : `` We want to signal very clearly to small and medium sized businesses who were owed money by Carillion that they will be supported to continue trading . ''
Carillion contractors who may not have the security otherwise needed for conventional bank lending can apply to lenders including Barclays , HSBC , Lloyds , NatWest , Santander , and TSB , for a so-called Enterprise Finance Guarantee ( EFG ) borrowing facility .
Banks are cushioned from businesses defaulting on the loans by taxpayer cash - 75 % of any losses to the lender will be picked up by the British Business Bank if the loan can not be paid back .
Additionally the UK banking sector has promised to take the circumstances surrounding Carillion into consideration if individuals face problems repaying loans , overdrafts or mortgages .
Analysis
Image copyright Getty Images
By Joe Lynam , BBC business correspondent
The government is determined to show that it has a grip on the Carillion crisis . And it needs to .
At stake are not just the thousands of jobs directly employed but also the thousands of SMEs such as suppliers and contractors indirectly dependent on the former construction giant who will now not repay its debts .
On top of that there 's the ideology behind the likes of Carillion and outsourcing in general .
Private finance initiatives and getting companies to do public sector work is an article of faith for the Conservative Party .
If thousands of small firms collapse in a domino fashion due to Carillion , then the PFI as a policy will come under intense scrutiny .
JU DICE ( meaning ‘ throw dice ' ) is a new single by Nigerian born rapper , Martinsfeelz .
JU DICE is the description of a dance step , it aptly describes the dance moves to the listeners . The song was released for digital download April 17th 2017 .
JU DICE is an Afro Pop blend with dance beat , the song is written by Olawale Ayodeji Martins aka Martinsfeelz , and Produced by Abdul Rasheed-Bello aka JJCSKILLZ .
You 're sure to get moving to the beat while anticipating the Dance Competition Scene One Production Records will be announcing soon !
Connect with Martinsfeelz via :
Instagram : @ martinsfeelz
Twitter : @ martinsfeelz
Cool runnings : the sneaky hit of the season
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Your browser does not support iframes .
The infamous Stacey Dash is speaking out about promo for her cousin Dame Dash ‘ s new film , “ Honor Up. ” She claims Dame is “ using ” their relation to each other to promote the film , and that she was never consulted about her image being used .
Sign Up For Our Newsletter !
Close Thank you for subscribing ! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription .
You would think she would be happy to be included in some press that does n't center around her disdain for blackness , but some folks are saying the exact problem is that the movie is actually too black for her tastes nowadays . Click on the audio player to hear more in this exclusive clip from Gary 's Tea on “ The Rickey Smiley Morning Show . ”
Listen to “ The Rickey Smiley Morning Show ” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C .
RELATED : Does Stacey Dash Have Support In The Black Community ? [ EXCLUSIVE AUDIO ]
RELATED : Angela Simmons Challenges Dame Dash In First Episode Of “ Growing Up Hip Hop ” [ EXCLUSIVE AUDIO ]
RELATED : Stacey Dash Defends Donald Trump , Says He 's “ Street , ” Not Violent [ VIDEO ]
The Latest :
Fighting Meltdown and Spectre , Intel Designs New Chips
Intel said it has made progress in fighting against the Meltdown and Spectre vulnerabilities through software patches and an upcoming generation of microprocessors with newly designed hardware .
In a public blog post shared on Thursday , Intel CEO Brian Krzanich [ pictured above ] outlined a two-pronged plan to mitigate future damage by the two vulnerabilities , which were made public in January , rattling the cybersecurity community . In addition to software patches distributed to all Intel products launched in the past five years , Intel 's next-generation Xeon processors , code-named Cascade Lake , will have hardware redesigns to prevent both vulnerabilities .
Meltdown and Spectre were discovered last year by researchers led by Google Project Zero . The vulnerabilities can allow hackers to steal sensitive personal data stored in the computer 's memory via apps running in the computer , such as password managers , browsers and emails .
Meltdown steals data by bypassing the hardware barrier between running applications and the computer 's memory ; Spectre tricks applications into handing over secret information from the computer 's memory . Due to the flaws dating back to the 1990s and in nearly all Intel chips , nearly all computers , laptops , mobile phones and cloud servers in the world were vulnerable to these bugs .
Intel has been working to protect computers from these two vulnerabilities in the past three months by issuing software patches . Krzanich said Intel has released updates for 100 percent of Intel products launched in the past five years that require protection against Meltdown 's side-channel hacking method .
The software updates do have limits , as they will prevent against one of two variants in which Spectre can be used by hackers to collect data from the computer 's memory .
`` With these updates now available , I encourage everyone to make sure they are always keeping their systems up-to-date , '' said Krzanich . `` It 's one of the easiest ways to stay protected . ''
Intel 's new microprocessors will prevent the other variant of Spectre and the one existing Meltdown variant . Cascade Lake microprocessors have additional layers of `` partitioning '' in the processor so the memory is harder to exploit . The microprocessors are expected to launch in the second half of 2018 .
`` Think of this partitioning as additional 'protective walls ' between applications and user privilege levels to create an obstacle for bad actors , '' said Krzanich .
After facing a major public relations crisis following the public revelation of Meltdown and Spectre , which included a Congressional inquiry and more than 30 class-action lawsuits , Intel has been doubling down on preventing similar situations in the future . A week after the vulnerabilities were revealed , Krzanich issued the `` Security First Pledge '' that Intel will shore up its defenses against them .
In February , Intel opened a bug bounty program to find similar vulnerabilities to Spectre . It will last until the end of this year and pay up to $ 250,000 .
`` Our work is not done , '' said Krzanich in the blog post . `` This is not a singular event ; it is a long-term commitment . One that we take very seriously . Customer-first urgency , transparent and timely communications , and ongoing security assurance . This is our pledge and it 's what you can count on from me , and from all of Intel . ''
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Walden Kirsch/Intel Corporation .
Treasury rates topped 3 percent for the first time in four years . For equity investors , the timing could 've hardly been worse .
The rate milestone was never going to spark celebration on the stock market , as rising bond yields signal higher borrowing costs for consumers and companies and can send stock market investors scurrying to the bond market in search of returns . But it needs n't be all bad , especially if yields are increasing as economic growth is accelerating .
Enter Caterpillar Inc. , 3M Co. and United Technologies Corp. , stalwarts of American industry that serve as bellwethers for key pieces of the global economy . Caterpillar had its biggest decline since 2016 , and 3M plunged the most in 12 years , with both warning that rising costs and tepid demand might hurt profits as the year goes on . Wall Street took the news as a warning that the worldwide economic expansion might be near its peak .
“ It means economic growth might not be what the administration is saying , that the tax cuts will pay for themselves because you 'll have increased revenue from higher GDP , ” said Donald Selkin , New York-based chief market strategist at Newbridge Securities Corp. Everyone “ is talking about the great earnings for the first quarter , but frankly every stock that has reported has done lousy . ”
Earnings were supposed to act as a sort of reprieve for equity bulls who 'd been struggling to pronounce the correction over and dead . But with almost a quarter of companies done reporting , and almost 80 percent of that share surpassing profit expectations , the results have n't been a saving grace for investors .
In fact , analysts have cut their earnings estimates for the next year , adding fuel to speculation that the first quarter may mark the height of profit growth .
Changing Forecasts Analysts have cut forward EPS estimates over the past four weeks Source : Bloomberg Intelligence
The S & P 500 Index fell 1.3 percent to 2,634.52 , its biggest decline in three weeks , as companies with revenues that are more reliant on economic growth led the decline . Industrial , materials and tech stocks dropped more than 2 percent , offsetting gains from high-dividend shares such as telecom and utilities . Reappearing geopolitical concerns also weighed on equities after President Trump threatened Iran .
“ It 's kind of like a paradox of sorts , ” Ernie Cecilia , chief investment officer at Bryn Mawr Trust Co , said by phone . “ You have strong earnings , in some areas not perfectly aligned on an expectational basis , but it 's relative to expectations . There 's an eye on interest rates , they 're not problematic but they are rising , and 3 percent is at least somewhat of a psychological level that gets peoples ' attention . And then you have the geopolitical issues . ”
The stock market 's worry over future growth has persisted since companies started reporting their quarterly results two weeks ago . While profits have come in about 7 percent higher than analyst estimates , stocks have seen muted reactions , a sign that investors are skeptical that the performance can be repeated once the effect of tax cuts wears off .
Indeed , the message from some of the most economically sensitive businesses is alarming . Consider semiconductor companies , whose products are used in everything from mobile phones to autos to computers . Across the globe , chipmakers are announcing disappointing results , blaming weaker demand . That 's in turn hit Apple amid growing speculation the new iPhone is n't selling as well as had been hoped . The latest clues on how pervasive the slowdown in chip demand is will come later Tuesday when Texas Instruments Inc. reports results .
Other technology behemoths are n't escaping the plunge either after Google 's parent Alphabet Inc. reported earnings that ratcheted up spending concerns . The news dragged down other tech darlings , wiping almost $ 85 million in market value from the FANG complex , which also includes Facebook , Amazon and Netflix .
Comments from Caterpillar and United Technologies echoed the latest economic data showing that the concerted global rebound behind last year 's equity rally may be starting to lose momentum .
German business confidence plunged the most in almost a year and sentiment deteriorated in Italy and France , keeping the euro region on an uncertain footing after a weak first quarter . In Asia , China 's leaders are giving their strongest signal since 2015 that growth in the world 's second-largest economy could slow .
In the U.S. , government data due Friday is expected to show the economic expansion decelerated to an annual pace of 2 percent in the first quarter from 2.9 percent in the previous period . Still , investors are waiting to assess an impending boost to growth from the tax overhaul signed in December .
“ It 's hard for us to call Q1 a high-water mark when tax cuts are kicking in , ” said Michael Block , head of trading at Rhino Trading LLC . “ We also acknowledge that the uncertainty on the Fed ( we have a more dovish view than consensus ) , the prospect of at least the announcement of new stimulus measures as we roll into mid-terms , and other exogenous factors globally means that nothing is written in stone on the cycle . ”
Asia-Pacific stocks were broadly lower Tuesday after tech shares fell sharply in the U.S. overnight due to concerns about whether Facebook Inc. did enough to stop improper access and handling of user data .
The Nikkei Stock Average NIK , -0.65 % had fallen 1 % by the end of morning trading , while Australia 's S & P ASX 200 XJO , -0.51 % was down 0.6 % . Taiwan 's Taiex Y9999 , -0.49 % fell 0.4 % and so did South Korea 's Kospi SEU , -0.31 % , as index heavyweight Samsung Electronics 005930 , -0.51 % dropped 0.7 % .
In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng Index HSI , -0.52 % fell 1 % , while a gauge of Chinese companies with listings in the city sank 1.4 % .
News events were creating opportunities for investors to find bargains , said Jack Siu , investment strategist for Asia-Pacific at Credit Suisse , who also flagged a looming Federal Open Market Committee meeting where the Fed is widely expected to raise U.S. interest rates .
“ We think the market will remain volatile in the next few days because of the news flow , not only the technology sector but also the FOMC meeting and the possibility of tariffs between the U.S. and China , ” he said . “ We think this is an opportunity to buy , ” he added , saying he was recommending clients buy stocks in Europe , China and Korea , especially tech and financial stocks .
The tech sector was in turmoil in the U.S. overnight .
Facebook FB , -6.77 % shares plummeted 6.7 % and slid another 1.5 % in after-hours trading after investors learned Cambridge Analytica , a firm that helped President Donald Trump 's 2016 election campaign , had collected and used without permission data from the accounts of millions of users . Cambridge Analytica has said it complied with Facebook 's rules .
The Nasdaq Composite COMP , -1.84 % fell 1.8 % , and the S & P 500 SPX , -1.42 % declined 1.4 % .
Among Chinese tech shares with U.S. listings , Baidu Inc. BIDU , -3.64 % shares fell 3.6 % Monday , leading declines . Uber suspended its self-driving car program Monday after the first known fatality from an autonomous vehicle . Baidu is among the companies attempting to bring the technology to China . Largan Precision 3008 , -3.50 % , a Taiwan-listed maker of camera equipment that sells lenses used by self-driving automobiles , fell 3.5 % Tuesday .
Funds tracking the MSCI Emerging Markets Index , which gives a 27 % weighting to technology companies — many of them in China , South Korea and Taiwan — also sold off Monday .
Short sellers trading tech stocks including Facebook , Apple Inc. AAPL , -1.53 % , Amazon.com Inc AMZN , -1.70 % , Netflix Inc. NFLX , -1.56 % and Alphabet Inc. 's GOOGL , -3.03 % Google made mark-to-market profits of $ 980 million from Monday 's declines , wrote Ihor Dusaniwsky , managing director for predictive analytics at S3 Partners . The size of the stocks in market benchmarks could magnify broader selling .
“ With so many of these stocks in passive investment vehicles such as ETFs and funds , these stocks are prone to accelerated negative returns ” after significant market downturns , he wrote .
Bond markets and currencies were broadly unchanged . The yield on the U.S. 10-year Treasury note was last up 0.01 % at 2.8573 % , while the ICE U.S. Dollar Index , which tracks the dollar 's strength against a basket of six major currencies , was up 0.1 % . The dollar JPYUSD , -0.113919 % last bought ¥106.1820 .
The Illinois man who shot a Republican congressman and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation 's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years , including arrests for battery , resisting arrest and drunken driving .
James T. Hodgkinson , who was 66 , was fatally shot by police . Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s . His most serious problems apparently came in 2006 , when he was arrested on the battery charge . Records indicate he has not been involved in any legal cases since 2011 .
Hodgkinson 's Facebook page indicates that , until recently , he ran a home-inspection business out of his home in Belleville , in the southwestern corner of the state , across the Mississippi River from St. Louis .
Jannat Is Not Quitting The Show !
According to Spotboye report , the makers have agreed to the Jannat Zubair Rahmani 's parents ' terms and condition . Thus , the actress has decided not to quit the show !
Jannat 's Parents Had A Meeting With The Makers
The actress ' mother , Nazneen Rahmani was quoted by the entertainment portal as saying , `` Yes , we had a meeting with the makers and they have accepted our terms and conditions . ''
No Intimate Scene !
`` Henceforth , Jannat will not do any intimate scene as has already been mentioned in our contract . She is just 16-years-old and we do n't want her to engage in any sort of intimacy . ''
The Actress ' Mother Says
She further added , `` We respect the script 's demand and to tell you , we allowed her to do a few scenes which involved Ritvik kissing Jannat 's hand . In fact , we used to apply wax and make-up on the body so that the sensation of touch is minimal . ''
The Actress ' Parents Are Concerned As Their Daughter Is Young !
`` We know we are part of the glamour industry where such things are normal , but it 's just that my daughter is young for it . '' Well , we do understand Jannat 's mother 's concerns !
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Plans for a major new holiday park near Lauder will go on show at a public exhibition next week .
Lauderdale Estates hopes to turn more than 50 hectares of agricultural land at Thirlestane Castle into a park hosting around 500 static caravans , plus lodges and eco-cabins , as well as offering stances for around 50 touring caravans .
Its initial planning application , submitted in December 2017 , sparked objections about the scale of the development , parking , infrastructure challenges and the council 's decision not to carry out a full environmental impact assessment .
Lauderdale Estates has said it will commission landscape , cultural heritage , flood-risk , transport and ecology assessments ahead of a full planning application being submitted , however .
It is hosting an open exhibition at Lauder Public Hall next Tuesday , June 5 , between 3pm and 8pm . Anyone wishing to comment on the proposals can do so before Tuesday , June 19 .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) — Filing your taxes is not very fun , especially if you owe Uncle Sam , but getting free stuff is ! There are numerous discounts and freebies available on April 18th to help make the day a little brighter for everyone .
The tax day freebie has become something of a modern tradition as corporations angle for new customers by dangling promotions on the federal deadline for filing tax returns .
Tax day freebies range the gamut from free food to discounted services , with the most topical coming from Office Depot , which is offering free shredding on five pounds of documents .
Here are some of 2017 's tax day freebies :
Bob Evans : The chain is offering 30 percent off carry-out or dine-in meals with this coupon .
Boston Market : The prepared-food purveyor is selling a half-chicken meal with two sides , cornbread , a fountain drink and a cookie for $ 10.40 .
Hooters : Kids 12 and younger eat free with an adult purchase of $ 10 or more for each free kids meal . Some locations have this dine-in-only deal Saturday through Tuesday and others have it only Tuesday . Find participating locations here .
JetBlue : If you owe money to the IRS , you can enter JetBlue 's tax-return drawing . The company is giving away 1,000 one-way flights at JetBlueTaxReturnFlight.com .
Office Depot : If you 're ready to get rid of old documents , Office Depot is offering five pounds of free shredding . The coupon is good until April 29 .
McDonald 's : While it 's not a national promotion , some restaurants will be selling a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder for a penny if customers buy one at the regular price . The promotion is good at participating Florida restaurants in Miami-Dade , Broward , Palm Beach , Monroe , Martin , St. Lucie , Okeechobee , Indian River , Collier , Hendry , Lee and Charlotte counties .
P.F . Chang 's : The Chinese-food chain is offering 20 percent off takeout orders with the promo code TAXDAY through April 18 .
Sonic Drive In : Burger fans can buy their cheeseburgers at half price at Sonic on April 18 .
Sonny 's BBQ : In honor of Tax Day , Sonny 's has an IRS — Irresistible Ribs Special — with half-price Sweet & Smokey or House Dry-Rubbed Rib dinners for dine-in and takeout . No coupon is needed .
World of Beer : This deal is called a “ beer refund. ” Get a free select draught or $ 5 off your check on Tax Day at participating locations .
Planet Fitness : From Saturday , April 15 to Saturday , April 22 , consumers can receive a free HydroMassage at any Planet Fitness location . De-stressers need only bring in a coupon available on PlanetFitness.com ( starting April 15 ) before relaxing their cares away .
Leave allocation still lags behind the likes of Microsoft and Netflix
CA Technologies is dishing out three months paid leave to men and women during the first 12 months following the birth or adoption of their child .
According to CA , the new parental leave policy , which has already been rolled out in the United States , is now being offered to all staff worldwide .
The minimum 12 weeks leave provide new parents with financial support and greater choice and flexibility in determining how they want to care for their child during the first 12 months , CA said .
Under the policy , staff are eligible for leave if they have 12 months of service at the date the child is born or for adoptive parents , where a child is matched or newly placed with them . Staff can opt for a shorter period of leave if they choose and salaries and benefits will continue to be paid in the normal way , CA said .
Although impressive , CA 's parent leave program is a way behind the sabbaticals offered by other global technology players . According to a January article in Recode , salaried staff at Netflix can take up to 12 months leave at full pay after the birth or adopted of their child .
Microsoft and Airbnb offer 22 weeks of paid maternity leave ; Twitter and Amazon offer 20 weeks ; while Google 's Alphabet and Apple offer 18 weeks .
CA said it recognised the dynamics of family life are constantly changing and the family friendly benefits need to adapt accordingly .
“ This new parent leave policy will assist to address the challenges faced by working families , providing support and enhancing the overall employee experience , ” said Melinda Walsh , vice president , people business partner , Asia-Pacific and Japan at CA Technologies .
“ We have a talented team with CA and we know that providing the right level of support during key milestones in their lives will help attract and retain the diverse , experienced workforce we have in Asia Pacific , ” she said .
CA said the new policy also reflects its commitment towards promoting work-life balance and an inclusive workforce . It 's also part of a talent management strategy to ensure staff have the skills needed for the future of workforce . This includes leadership learning and development , unconscious bias training opportunities , targets for improving gender diversity outcomes , and flexible working .
CA quoted McKinsey research which found that supporting diversity across Asia-Pacific could add US $ 4.5 trillion into the region 's collective annual GDP by 2025 , a 12 per cent increase over the ‘ business-as-usual ' trajectory .
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter : @ CIO_Australia , Facebook : CIO Australia , or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn : CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter : @ ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) National Caretaker Committee , Senator Ahmed Makarfi has said that the present campaign mounted by the Ekiti State Governor , Ayodele Fayose to vie for the 2019 Presidency is contrary to the decision of the party 's convention that zoned the Presidency to the North .
Makarfi stated this while addressing journalists in Kaduna
He said , “ he ( Fayose ) is on his own . What he is doing is not in compliance with the position of the party . The party 's position has not changed .
“ The convention has zoned the Presidency to the North and the chairmanship of the party to the South . ”
Makarfi also dismissed speculation that former Vice President , Alhaji Atiku Abubakar may be given an automatic ticket to contest the same position on the platform of the PDP , if he finally decides to join the party before the 2019 general elections .
It would be recalled that Governor Ayo Fayose said his decision to seek the PDP ticket to contest the 2019 presidential election against the party 's zoning formula was without prejudice to the party 's position .
As a result of a fatal Road Traffic Collision shortly before 5.30pm on Wednesdayon the R 238 at Castlequarter , Fahan a traffic diversion has been put in place by An Garda Siochána with assistance by Donegal County Council .
This diversion is to facilitate the Garda Traffic Investigation teams and will be reviewed hourly in an effort to cause minimum disruption to motorists in particular motorists travelling to the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at Ballyliffin Golf Club .
All traffic will be diverted at Bridgend ( 19th Hole Pub ) via R 239 to Birdstown to the Eastern corridor via Muff , Quigley 's Point to Carndonagh and onto Ballyliffin . Note : There is no disruption to traffic travelling from Buncrana to the event .
Motorists travelling from Derry/Londonderry are advised to travel via the Culmore Road ( A2 Route ) northbound to Muff village to join the R 238 to Quigley 's Point and R240 to Carndonagh to approach Ballyliffin where Gardaí and Irish Open Stewarts will direct traffic to car parking facilities .
Motorists are strongly advised to allow extra time for their journey to Ballyliffin in the morning , listen to local media broadcasts & news bulletins which will provide the latest and up to date traffic flow information . It is hoped that there will be minimum disruption to traffic travelling to the event .
An Garda Siochána have deployed additional resources to ensure minimum level of disruption and would request that motorists co-operate and comply with directions given .
The public are advised that the peak travel times will be from 06.30hrs to 9.30am & 12.30hrs to 14.30hrs and egress traffic peak is from 16.30hrs to 19.00hrs daily .
Latest traffic information relating to this diversion will be provided via the following information sources .
Garda Siochana Facebook page .
Garda Twitter Feed .
AA Road watch
Donegal County Council website www.donegalcoco.ie
For an entire year , 60-year-old Kumiko Onaga slept in a tent across the street from a US military base on Okinawa , Japan 's southernmost island . In the middle of the night , when trucks carrying construction material approached the entrance gate of the base , she jumped out of her sleeping bag and tried to block the vehicles .
Then , each morning , she drove home , showered and went to work as one of her town 's few women city council members .
`` People know me as 'The Sleeping Bag Councilwoman , ' '' Onaga says with a smile , adding that more people know her by her nickname than her real name .
Onaga and others on Okinawa have long objected to the relocation of a contentious US Marine Corps base to the remote fishing village of Henoko on the northern part of the island . Part of the plan involves the construction of military runways in the coral-filled coastal waters next to the base .
Elderly women like Onaga have become outspoken critics of the US military presence on the island . Okinawa is home to roughly 70 percent of the land in Japan devoted to US military bases , but has less than 1 percent of the nation 's landmass , angering many Okinawans who say it 's an unfair burden .
Under a treaty that dates back to the end of World War II , US forces defend Japan from rival nations , such as North Korea and China . About 50,000 uniformed US military personnel are stationed in Japan . An estimated 27,000 uniformed US service members live on Okinawa , a strategic location in the Asia Pacific region .
But , over the years , a string of rapes by US servicemen on Okinawa , along with environmental , noise and safety concerns , has increased anti-base sentiments on the island .
Onaga says women are a big part of the protest movement because they want to protect the future of Okinawa 's children . “ We 're a tiny island , and the community and bonds are strong here , ” she says . “ Because of this , I think Okinawan women feel that they all collectively share the responsibility of raising our children . ”
After Onaga retired from her longtime job as a sports instructor , she turned her attention to local politics . She won a city council seat on her second try and later helped start an all-women 's group that campaigned for her town 's staunchly anti-base mayor .
Onaga is one of only three women council members in her city and says there are “ alarmingly few ” women legislators . In a culture where women are often expected to be caregivers , Onaga says she is lucky her husband is equally involved at home , and he helps take care of her mother . “ I can devote myself to being a councilwoman , and for that I 'm grateful , ” she says .
Onaga is a charismatic , engaging public speaker on the front lines of the protest movement . She coordinates busloads of people going to demonstrations across the island , cooks food for large gatherings of protesters , and is often handed the microphone at rallies . In the beginning , she was terrified to even participate .
“ I 'd never taken part in any civil movement before , ” she says . “ I was even scared to just do a sit-in because I was n't used to it. ” At many demonstrations outside military bases , Japanese riot police physically lift protesters by their arms and legs , and carry them away . Once a complete novice , Onaga now describes how police pulled her out of protests in Henoko , and on one occasion , even injured her .
“ In one late-night protest , the riot police formed a human fence to block us as construction material was transported into the military base , ” she says . “ The police hit me in the back and broke my rib . It took a month and a half to heal , and it was very scary and painful . ”
Despite this , she remains confident . `` Even though there are moments when I worry as if I might get arrested , I believe that protesting is freedom of expression , so I do n't think that will happen , '' Onaga says . `` I 'm not breaking any laws , and I 'm not violent . Only the riot police are the ones being violent . ''
Her views have also brought unwanted attention from right-wing groups in Okinawa . “ I get a lot of abuse and threats online , ” Onaga says . “ [ They ] wrote so many different things about me and really attacked me . The very first time they uploaded something about me , I did get scared , but I was n't going to let it get me down or stop me from protesting . ''
Onaga and other anti-base islanders say the military bases were forced on the Okinawan people after World War II . The US gained control of Okinawa during the war and maintained that control until 1972 , long after the rest of Japan regained its sovereignty . Over those nearly 30 years , the US built a number of military bases .
While Onaga acknowledges it 's not practical to close all the bases on her island , she worries about how the relocation of a major Marine Corps base to her area could ultimately transform her way of life .
“ Okinawa has the treasure of nature , the ocean and mountains , ” Onaga says . “ People like me do n't have many years left to live , so we wo n't be as affected as the children . It 's the future generations who will be greatly burdened with all the damage . ”
While opposition from protesters and local leaders successfully halted construction in Henoko last year , Japan 's Supreme Court recently ruled in favor of the nation 's central government , which is pushing for the base relocation . Work resumed offshore last week with Japan 's Defense Ministry dropping concrete blocks along Henoko 's coast in advance of the land reclamation project .
Onaga says the government has started transporting material offshore , rather than on land , to avoid the protesters . Nevertheless , she and hundreds of others are back on the front lines , and she plans to expand the demonstrations . She was impressed with the massive scale of recent protests across the US , but says American courts have protected the people , unlike what 's happening in Okinawa .
“ Our own justice system is not on our side , ” she says , referring to the Supreme Court decision upholding Japan 's government 's decision .
“ We have to stop accepting the base as a status quo , ” Onaga says . “ We have been protesting every day with the belief our actions will definitely stop them . We 're not fighting because we think we might be able to block them . We know we will . ”
“ I wo n't be beaten . Up until I collapse , I will keep on going , ” Onaga says . “ Even if I do collapse , I 'll keep raising my voice . That 's how strong my will is . ”
Sonia Narang reported in Japan with support from the International Center for Journalists ( ICFJ ) .
From PRI 's The World ©2016 PRI
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Wells Fargo 's overdraft income surges ahead of rivals
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
VANCOUVER , BRITISH COLUMBIA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - Accend Capital Corporation ( the `` Company '' ) ( TSX VENTURE : ADP.H ) is pleased to announce that it has entered into a letter of intent effective April 13 , 2017 , pursuant to which the Company has agreed to acquire 100 % of the Block 103 iron ore property ( `` Block 103 '' or the `` Property '' ) from ML Gold Corp. ( TSX VENTURE : MLG ) ( `` ML Gold '' ) an arm 's length party ( the `` Transaction '' ) .
Block 103 is a series of Newfoundland and Labrador mineral licenses , located in the Labrador Trough , Labrador , approximately 30 kilometres ( km ) northwest of the mining town of Schefferville , Quebec . The Labrador Trough is a well-known iron ore producing region . The Property is adjacent to Tata Steel Canada 's iron mining operations , Wuhan Iron and Steel ( Group ) Corp. ( WISCO ) 's operations and the New Millennium Iron Corp. 's NuTac-KeMag deposit . Block 103 was subject to extensive exploration and geological work by ML Gold ( formerly Cap-Ex Iron Ore Ltd. ) from 2011 to 2013 , including 28,000 metres of drilling in 115 drill holes .
Block 103 has an inferred iron ore resource of 7.2 billion tonnes at 29.2 % total iron and 18.9 % magnetic iron . The inferred resource covers an area with a strike length of approximately 4 km and a width of 2.5 km . Based on available information , including drilling and magnetic airborne surveys , the banded iron formations hosting the inferred resource extend the length of the Block 103 Property , over 12 km , indicating mineralized zones remain open toward the northwest , southeast and at depth . Block 103 is located close to rail infrastructure which provides potential for access to port facilities at Sept Iles , Quebec .
Information concerning the inferred resource on Block 103 was obtained from a preliminary economic assessment ( `` PEA '' ) on the Property prepared for ML Gold by Watts , Griffis and McQuat Limited ( WGM ) , and BBA Inc. , consulting geologists and engineers , effective June 27 , 2013 . The PEA was filed on SEDAR by ML Gold on August 6 , 2013 . The Company considers this resource to be a `` historical estimate '' , and is not treating it as a current resource . Discussions are underway with WGM and BBA to prepare a current 43-101 compliant report on Block 103 .
In consideration for the Property , the Company has agreed to complete a series of cash payments and share issuances to ML Gold on the following terms :
Closing : A cash payment of $ 200,000 and the issuance of 12,000,000 common shares of the Company ( the `` Consideration Shares '' ) . Two-year Anniversary of Closing : A cash payment of $ 800,000 ( ML Gold will be entitled to receive 10 % of the gross proceeds of any financing completed by the Company following closing of the Transaction as a credit towards this payment ) . Completion of Pre-Feasibility Study on the Property : A cash payment of $ 5,000,000 , or at the election of the Company an equivalent value of common shares of the Company . Completion of Bankable Feasibility Study on the Property : A cash payment of $ 15,000,000 or , at the election of the Company , an equivalent value of common shares of the Company .
The Consideration Shares will be subject to the terms of a voluntary pooling arrangement in accordance with the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ( the `` Exchange '' ) .
In connection with the proposed Transaction , the Company intends to complete a non-brokered private placement of up to 10,000,000 units ( each , a `` Unit '' ) at a price of $ 0.20 per unit for gross proceeds of up to $ 2,000,000 ( the `` Financing '' ) . Each Unit will consist of one common share of the Company , and one-half-of-one common share purchase warrant . Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to acquire a further common share of the Company at a price of $ 0.40 per share for period of twenty-four months , subject to accelerated expiry in the event the common shares of the Company trade on the Exchange at a price of $ 0.75 or higher for ten consecutive trading days . All securities to be issued by the Company pursuant to the Transaction and the Financing will be subject to a four-month hold period .
The Transaction constitutes a `` Qualifying Transaction '' for the Company under Exchange Policy 2.4 - Capital Pool Companies . Following completion of the Transaction , it is anticipated that the Company will be listed on the Exchange as a Tier 2 Mining Issuer under the name `` Maple Leaf Iron Corp. '' Closing of the Transaction is subject to a number of conditions including completion of satisfactory due diligence , entering into a definitive agreement , completion of the Financing , completion of a technical report in respect of the Property , approval of the Exchange and satisfaction of other closing conditions as are customary in transactions of this nature . There can be no assurance that the Transaction will be completed as proposed or at all . Trading in the common shares of the Company will remain halted pending further filings with the Exchange . The Transaction is not a Non-Arm 's Length Transaction as that term is defined in the policies of the Exchange . The Transaction is not subject to shareholder approval .
Further information regarding the Transaction , including a detailed use of proceeds for the Financing and details regarding the proposed board and management of the Company will be made available in due course . Readers are encouraged to review the filing statement which will be prepared by the Company in connection with the Transaction and made available under the Company 's profile on SEDAR .
Simon Clarke , Director of the Company stated , `` we are pleased to announce the acquisition of this world-class iron ore deposit which we believe is the world 's largest wholly-owned iron ore magnetite resource . With a growing global focus on the need to produce higher quality iron ore products and to reduce the environmental impacts associated with traditional steel making , especially in parts of Asia , the potential to produce clean , high-quality iron ore products from Canada is better than ever . ''
Andy Bowering , Chairman of ML Gold commented , `` we have always believed that the Block 103 iron ore property is a world-class asset . We are very pleased with the proposed transaction as it will bring the focus , resources and attention needed to create and unlock value for shareholders of both the Company and ML Gold . ''
This news release has been reviewed by Adrian Smith , P.Geo. , a Qualified Person as that term is defined in National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects .
On behalf of the Board ,
Accend Capital Corporation
Andy Edelmeier , Chief Executive Officer
Completion of the Transaction is subject to a number of conditions , including but not limited to , Exchange acceptance . The Transaction can not close until the required approvals are obtained , and the outstanding conditions satisfied . There can be no assurance that the Transaction will be completed as proposed or at all .
Investors are cautioned that , except as disclosed in the filing statement to be prepared in connection with the Transaction , any information released or received with respect to the Transaction may not be accurate or complete and should not be relied upon . Trading in the securities of the Company should be considered highly speculative .
The TSX Venture Exchange has in no way passed upon the merits of the proposed Transaction and has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release . Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
This news release may contain certain `` Forward-Looking Statements '' within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian securities laws . When used in this news release , the words `` anticipate '' , `` believe '' , `` estimate '' , `` expect '' , `` target , `` plan '' , `` forecast '' , `` may '' , `` schedule '' and other similar words or expressions identify forward-looking statements or information . These forward-looking statements or information may relate to future prices of commodities , accuracy of mineral or resource exploration activity , reserves or resources , regulatory or government requirements or approvals , the reliability of third party information , continued access to mineral properties or infrastructure , fluctuations in the market for iron ore , changes in exploration costs and government regulation in Canada and the Province of Newfoundland , status of aboriginal title and associated rights , and other factors or information . Such statements represent the Company 's current views with respect to future events and are necessarily based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that , while considered reasonable by the Company , are inherently subject to significant business , economic , competitive , political and social risks , contingencies and uncertainties . Many factors , both known and unknown , could cause results , performance or achievements to be materially different from the results , performance or achievements that are or may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . The Company does not intend , and does not assume any obligation , to update these forward-looking statements or information to reflect changes in assumptions or changes in circumstances or any other events affections such statements and information other than as required by applicable laws , rules and regulations .
MIAMI COUNTY — William C. Smith , 42 , of Trotwood , appeared in Miami County Municipal Court on Monday morning and was arraigned on a charge of murder of Willard Higgins Jr. last Friday .
Smith entered a not guilty plea and bong was set for $ 500,000 .
According to initial reports , Higgins , 40 , of Troy , died at Kettering Hospital in Kettering following a physical altercation with Smith in the 600 block of Walnut Street around 12:30 p.m. Friday .
Late Friday evening , Smith was detained by Washington Courthouse police and was incarcerated in the Fayette County Jail before being transferred to Miami County over the weekend .
Higgins was transferred to Upper Valley Medical Center and then transported to Kettering Hospital by CareFlight where he died of his injuries .
Troy Police Department Capt . Jeff Kunkleman said Higgins Jr. suffered a skull fracture and then had heart trauma before passing away at Kettering Hospital around 5 p.m. Friday . An autopsy has been ordered and is underway at the Montgomery County Crime Lab .
Smith Smith
Smith allegedly killed Willard Higgins Jr. in a physical fight Friday
Nigeria 's 17 million estimated Small and Medium Enterprises ( SMEs ) may have their basic challenges tackled through a new plan championed by the Nigerian-British Chamber of Commerce ( NBCC ) in conjunction with DCSL Corporate Services Limited .
Speaking during the unveiling of an MSME Centre in Lagos , President of NBCC , Dapo Adelegan said the initiative became a necessity to provide necessary support that would strengthen the sector and enable Nigeria to form a robust economy .
The centre , which will be managed by DCSL is expected to strengthen business advisory and regulatory compliance , facilitate access to fund , provide support in the areas of taxation , governance , book keeping , immigration , business plan , secretarial , management , company incorporation and other key areas .
Adelegan , who insisted that the SMEs remained a key sector that could accelerate the nation 's economy , particularly out of the current economic downturn , stressed the need to restructure and provide adequate support for the sector .
“ We are providing a platform where every SME will be properly structured so that it can attract investment and add value , as well as provide everything required to take the business beyond the founder and become relevant , ” the President said .
He said until Nigeria begins to build enduring institutions , particularly for SMEs , the country may not record needed growth . The initiative , which is also part of the chamber 's line up programmes for its 40th anniversary celebration , Adelegan said , took into cognizance the essential role SMEs “ play in modern economies especially in areas of job creation and contribution to the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) . ”
Managing Director of DCSL , Bisi Adeyemi said the aim is to add value to SMEs because of their roles to the country 's GDP , adding that though government is trying to put the sector on track , the players lack capacity for global competitiveness .
“ The greatest challenge facing the sector is lack of structure and knowledge . Most of the SMEs do n't have structure and they are unaware but a little training can put them on track . In the past the challenge use to be capital but now it is capacity . No lender will loan you if you do n't have a structure .
“ What this centre will do is to offer SMEs a platform to consult in all area of their business . We are taking advantage of the synergy with NBCC to reduce the cost of services for them , ” she said .
One of two criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens will be dismissed , now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation , St. Louis ' top prosecutor said Wednesday .
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced that her office has reached a deal to dismiss a felony charge of computer data tampering . A day earlier , Greitens made the stunning announcement that he would step down from office effective Friday , citing `` legal harassment . ''
`` I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens , but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state , '' Gardner said .
The charge , filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general 's office , accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded , The Mission Accomplished , for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015 , before he was elected . The charge was dropped earlier this month , but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it .
Baker said in a statement Tuesday that the investigation is ongoing and will continue `` until our work on the case is completed . '' She said no deals have been made by her office with Greitens ' attorneys .
Greitens , a former Navy SEAL officer , suggested less than two weeks ago that he would never quit fighting the allegations against him , even as the Legislature met in special session to consider impeachment .
So it was stunning when he announced he was quitting with his mission incomplete .
`` The time has come , though , to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most , '' said Greitens , his voice cracking while his team members struggled to hold back tears . `` So for the moment , let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high . ''
Greitens ' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old , self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president .
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation , Greitens ' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it 's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill .
Greitens ' resignation also allows him to avoid the potentially dubious distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor ever impeached . A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on his potential discipline .
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov . Mike Parson — a former state lawmaker and sheriff — is to serve the remainder of Greitens ' term , which runs until January 2021 .
Greitens could face other investigations . The chairman of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman 's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor .
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list .
On May 17 , Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that he would n't give up .
`` No matter what they throw at me , no matter how painful they try to make it , no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day , and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri , '' Greitens said then .
On Tuesday , Greitens remained defiant even while resigning .
`` I am not perfect . But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment , '' he said . `` I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history . ''
Greitens is a married father of two young sons . He is a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy . After being wounded in Iraq , he founded a veterans ' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker .
He campaigned as a political outsider in 2016 , winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor 's mansion for the first time in eight years .
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as he pushed his agenda , once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as `` career politicians . ''
His support in the Capitol unraveled further after the night of Jan. 10 , when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman 's ex-husband . In that , the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound her hands , blindfolded her and took a compromising photo while threatening that he would distribute it if she ever spoke of their encounter . Greitens denied threatening blackmail , but has n't directly answered questions about whether he took the photo .
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo . That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee .
In April , the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained , slapped , shoved and belittled her during a series of sexual encounters that at times left her crying and afraid . Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a `` political witch hunt . '' He vowed to stay in office .
But Greitens ' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley — who is running for McCaskill 's seat — referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list .
A May 2 House committee report indicated that Greitens himself received the donor list while CEO of the charity and later directed political aides to work off it . Shortly before Greitens resigned Tuesday , the House panel heard a second round of testimony from former aide Michael Hafner about the charity donor list and other efforts by Greitens ' campaign to conceal the original source of some political donations .
Earlier Tuesday , a judge also ruled that a secretive pro-Greitens nonprofit group called A New Missouri must comply with a legislative subpoena for any documents or communications showing potential coordination between the organization , Greitens and his campaign committee . The subpoena also sought receipts , content and communications by A New Missouri related to media advertising .
The judge said the identities of donors to A New Missouri — which do n't have to be publicly disclosed because it is a 501c4 organization — could be redacted from the documents .
The legislative panel also had subpoenaed other Greitens ' campaign aides .
___
Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City , John Hanna in Topeka , Kansas , Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report .
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/DavidALieb
Image via Pixabay .
“ Each prison is a fiefdom , and the warden is at the top of the feudal system . ”
That 's how Gary Fields , who covered criminal justice for The Wall Street Journal , put it in 2012 , discussing the government policies and practices that make it difficult for journalists to report on prisons , jails , and other detention centers .
Press access to such facilities has been in the news because of the searing coverage of detention centers for migrant children . Officials have generally forbidden the journalists touring them from using recording equipment or conducting interviews with the children there .
ICYMI : “ We started hearing about this crazy thing called ‘ honey bunning ' ”
It is tempting to see the limited access as an especially Trumpian trouble , of a piece with an administration that has labored since day one to delegitimize and marginalize the press . But the problem of press access to prisons and the like , as Fields signals , is a chronic one .
More than 2 million people are incarcerated in the United States , more than in any other country in the world , and tens of billions of taxpayer dollars are spent annually to keep them there . Rape occurs behind bars . Murder and assault , too . Solitary confinement can cause mental and physical suffering . It 's not uncommon for facility conditions to incubate disease . And the vast majority of inmates will eventually re-enter their communities . What happens in penal institutions is a matter of public concern .
Sign up for weekly emails from the United States Project
But it 's difficult for journalists to cover them . The First Amendment does a generally fine job of guaranteeing rights to communicate , but it 's a fickle source for access rights , which come from a complex system of statutes , regulations , the common law , and a few problematic Supreme Court decisions .
In the 1972 case Branzburg v. Hayes , the Court held that the First Amendment did not entitle a reporter to refuse to testify before a grand jury about confidential sources , dealing a blow to the idea that the constitution provided newsgathering rights . However , the majority opinion reasoned that “ without some protection for seeking out the news , freedom of the press could be eviscerated. ” Unfortunately , the opinion did n't articulate what it meant by “ some protection . ”
Just two years later , the Court heard companion cases regarding prison access : Pell v. Procunier and Saxbe v. Washington Post Co. , in which prisoners and the press challenged regulations that prohibited interviews with specific inmates . Pell involved state regulations , and Saxbe involved federal ones . The justices upheld them .
ICYMI : How an affair between a reporter and a security aide rattled Washington media
In Pell , the Court stressed that a prison 's security considerations justified some restrictions on access , as long as ( 1 ) the restrictions were content-neutral , and ( 2 ) reasonable alternative means of communication , by mail or through family/friend visitation , were available to the prisoners . The press had asserted the right to interview any prisoner willing to participate , in the absence of a finding that a given interview presented a real danger to a major government interest . But the Court swept aside that argument and held that the First Amendment did not confer upon the press a special right of access beyond that of the public , including the right—or lack thereof—to interview specific inmates .
Similarly , in Saxbe , the Court found that press access to prisons is “ generally limited ” and that the federal regulations had not put the press in a worse position than the public . The Court also accepted the government 's argument that press attention for certain inmates would wrap them in celebrity and create discipline problems within the prison .
Pell and Saxbe did n't really address the extent to which prison officials could deny access to the general public , or what would happen if the public received meaningful access that was not meaningful for the press , in light of its needs . The Court sought to address those issues in the 1978 case Houchins v. KQED , but only seven justices participated , and the resulting fragmented opinion did little to clarify things . KQED had requested permission to inspect and take pictures of a notorious county jail in Santa Rita . The sheriff denied the request , and ultimately the Court affirmed the prison 's restrictive press-access policy . The opinion mostly tracked Pell and Saxbe , concluding that nothing in the Constitution “ [ compelled ] the government to provide the media with information or access to it on demand. ” Houchins also underscored the need to defer to the other branches—to allow them to decide what access the press should have .
The Court has not revisited press prison access since then , so the unfriendly trio of Pell , Saxbe , and Houchins is the controlling First Amendment authority that we apply today , making prisons inaccessible to many journalists . The lower courts rarely find an access restriction they ca n't affirm . In 1986 , the 11th Circuit upheld a regulation allowing only people at FCC-licensed media employed as newsgatherers to interview inmates for broadcast . In 1991 , a Florida appeals court ruled that a journalist could be criminally charged for having unauthorized communications with a prisoner . In 2009 , the 7th Circuit upheld a regulation banning in-person meetings between journalists and inmates in a special confinement unit ( where most were on death row ) at a federal prison .
Federal access regulations are restrictive , and state ones vary , but they all typically grant wardens and other prison directors a large amount of discretion ( hence the fiefdom comment by Fields ) . Some states permit face-to-face interviews but reserve the right for prison officials to terminate them at any time . Some allow interviews but only with inmates selected by prison officials . Some limit inmate-journalist phone time to 15 or 30 minutes . Some do not allow prison officials to talk with journalists without prior approval from the warden or PIO . Most do not allow death-row inmates to be interviewed .
The first key , then , to gaining access knows the press-access policy for the institution you 're interested in . Ask about the basis of any denials , and get to know the warden and PIO before you need them , to strike while the iron is cold . Have a particular story in mind , too , when requesting access . Prison officials do n't respond well to generic queries ( I want to do something on prison conditions… ) . Also , while most of these focuses on state and federal prisons , the same basic logic applies to other types of detention centers . If someone is held at , say , a military facility , then the military controls access . If someone is held at an ICE or CBP facility , then ICE or CBP controls access . And so on .
Finally , a complication is that some agencies contract out to local jails or prisons to detain people , in which case the local jail or prison rules may affect access . Privatization can be a problem , too . Many private prisons have press-access policies similar to those of state and federal prisons , and some simply follow state or federal regulations . But a number have tried to parry scrutiny by claiming that they , as private entities , can do entirely as they please regarding press access .
It 's not easy being a journalist on the prison beat .
ICYMI : Inside Mother Jones ‘ monster investigation of private prisons
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Jonathan Peters is CJR 's press freedom correspondent . He is a media law professor at the University of Georgia , with posts in the Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication and the School of Law . Peters has blogged on free expression for the Harvard Law & Policy Review , and he has written for Esquire , The Atlantic , Sports Illustrated , Slate , The Nation , Wired , and PBS . Follow him on Twitter @ jonathanwpeters .
California 's attorney general sued the president 's administration Friday over new rules allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women .
Employers can claim moral or religious objections with these new rules . The state joins a flurry of lawsuits by other states and birth control advocacy groups .
Democratic Attorney General Xavier Becerra sued in federal court in San Francisco the same day the Republican administration announced it was giving employers more discretion as part of a broader rollback of the Affordable Care Act .
The new rules violate the U.S. Constitution by allowing employers to use their religious beliefs to justify discrimination and to deny women equal protection under the law , the lawsuit contends . It says the administration also violated federal law by acting without allowing for public comment or providing a proper legal or factual basis for the change .
He said the rollback could affect 13 million California women and their families , but later said those women would still be protected by state law . California Department of Managed Health Care Director Shelley Rouillard said in a statement that California-regulated health plans must cover contraceptives for women without cost , with very narrow exceptions for religious employers .
“ We 're not interested in going backwards , ” Becerra said during a conference call with other contraception advocates , many of whom promised their own legal challenges . “ We 're prepared in California to take all action , including legal action , to defend a woman 's rights against these unacceptable attacks . ”
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey , a fellow Democrat , also sued Friday , citing similar legal grounds .
Becerra said other attorneys general , whom he would not name , are preparing to file their own lawsuits or join existing suits .
He was one of 18 state attorneys general who signed a letter warning the Trump administration that it should expect legal action . The others are in Connecticut , Delaware , District of Columbia , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New York , North Carolina , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , Virginia and Washington .
The American Civil Liberties Union also sued Friday in federal court in San Francisco on behalf of its members and members of Service Employee International Union-United Health Care Workers West whom it said were at risk of losing their contraception coverage .
0:30 Watch Capital manager Joe Eden 's miracle 3-pointer Pause
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
0:51 The day Idaho 's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing : What the machine looks like
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month 's worth of food
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison 's Boise home , hear the YMCA 's plans
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho 's Teton Dam collapse
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
US Senator Lindsay Graham ( R-SC ) introduced a version of a “ Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act ” that would restrict most abortions after the 20th week of gestation yesterday . In a press conference broadcast on YouTube , he said , “ I assure every pro-lifer out there that it will be on the [ Senate ] floor sooner rather than later . ”
A Senate version of a bill that passed the House of Representatives on October 3 , the Act would restrict abortions after the fifth month of pregnancy , except in cases of rape or incest , or to save the life of the mother . President Trump has previously indicated he will sign such a bill if it is sent to him ; it needs 60 votes to pass the Senate .
Twenty states , including Ohio , have banned most or all abortions after 20 weeks . Two previous versions of bills banning most abortions after 20 weeks have passed the House , but none has ever been introduced into the Senate .
Co-sponsored by 45 senators , including Ohio 's Rob Portman , it is identical to the House bill , according to spokesman for Senator Graham . Senators Joni Ernst ( R-IO ) and James Lankford ( R-OK ) spoke at the press conference . A fourth senator , Ben Sasse ( R-NB ) was scheduled to speak but unable to appear .
Representatives of several national pro-life organization also spoke including presidents or other administrators for National Right to Life , the Family Research Council , Susan B. Anthony List , Concerned Women for America , and Americans United for Life . They praised the bill as “ common-sense legislation ” that bypassed debates about moral issues , and put the United States in the company of all but seven countries on earth by restricting abortion after the 5th month .
The seven countries are the United States , North Korea , China , Vietnam , Singapore , Canada , and the Netherlands . “ That 's a club of seven nations I do n't want to be in , ” said Graham .
Senator James Lankford ( R-OK ) said the legislation would also protect a child who is accidentally delivered alive during an abortion , something he noted that is rare but that does happen . The bill would require that such a child receive medical treatment aimed at saving his or her life .
“ We think that 's basic humanity , ” he said . “ There is at times a debate about whether a child inside the mother is a child , but there has never been a debate about a child who has been born . ”
Lankford and other speakers also emphasized that at five months gestation , unborn children receiving life-saving operations are given anesthesia because they are known to experience pain .
“ There is a compelling state interest to protect the child from excruciating pain , ” Senator Graham said , stopping short of saying that the reason a child experiences pain during abortion is that he or she is being dismembered .
Ohio 's Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act was signed by Governor John Kasich in December and took effect on March 17 . Right to Life of Greater Cincinnati , Dayton Right to Life , and other members of the Right to Life Action Coalition of Ohio ( RTLACO ) worked at the eleventh hour to include an amendment that prevents abortions after the fifth month for any reason .
“ All life is equal , ” said Paul Coudron , president of Dayton Right to Life . “ We ca n't put a value on one life over another life . We have not seen the Senate legislation yet , but as members of the RTLACO , Dayton Right to Life would support it only if there were no exceptions . ”
Dr. Donna Harrison , executive director of the American Association of Prolife Obstetricians and Gynecologists ( AAPLOG ) , said that abortion , as the term is generally used , is never necessary to save a woman 's life . When people use the term , she said , they mean “ elective abortion ” rather than the extremely rare cases when “ medically-induced abortion ” or “ parturition ” is required . Such instances can include rare cases of advanced infections and pre-eclampsia , which require an induced delivery or , past 20 weeks , a caesarian section .
“ The purpose of parturition is to keep both alive , if possible , ” she said . “ It is never to kill the child . The purpose of elective abortion is always to kill the child. ” Abortion clinics , Dr. Harrison said , do not practice parturition . The methods they use to kill children involve dismemberment , and in the final months of pregnancy take several days . They do not constitute emergency surgery and AAPPLOG opposes them and legislation that allows them .
Paula Westwood , executive director of Right to Life of Greater Cincinnati , said the Senate bill does not go far enough , but would save lives if passed .
“ Whether or not an unborn child can feel pain is not an indicator of a child 's humanity , ” she said , “ but this barometer has been used to pass some partially protective legislation for unborn babies . However , science is moving this pain marker closer to our earliest beginnings—possibly as early as five weeks gestation .
“ Every child saved is a blessing , and such legislation can educate those unfamiliar with abortion violence . The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act is a step toward the ultimate necessary legal protection for all unborn children , regardless of age , ability , or circumstances of conception . ”
If the Senate brings the bill to the floor and finds the votes to pass it , however slight the victory would be to many pro-life Americans , it would be their first chance at curbing abortion since the so-called “ partial birth abortion ” ban of 2003 . Senator Graham called on his fellow senators to begin that process .
“ This is a debate worthy of a great nation , ” he said .
Rauner signs measures making it easier to abolish local governments
hello
Two measures making it easier to abolish some units of local government were signed into law Monday by Gov . Bruce Rauner . One of the changes was modeled after 2013 legislation that paved the way for such consolidation efforts in DuPage County .
`` Our families are struggling with the highest property taxes in America , '' Rauner said during a signing ceremony at the DuPage Mayors and Managers Conference building in Oak Brook . `` We need to bring our property taxes down , and one of the ways we can do that is to bring about a consolidation of local governments . ''
The first measure gives all counties in Illinois the power to dissolve local governments that have governing boards appointed by those counties . Previously , state law allowed only DuPage , Lake and McHenry counties to consolidate local governmental bodies .
It also gives boards of townships that are conterminous with municipalities the ability to seek voter approval to dissolve the townships .
The other measure the governor signed gives townships in counties with less than 3 million residents the ability to seek permission from voters to absorb road districts in their townships .
State Rep. Sam Yingling , who sponsored both measures , said there are too many units of local government in Illinois that are duplicative or obsolete .
`` So I 'm very proud to be here today as we start to put in place the foundation where we can start to repeal and consolidate a lot of these units of government , '' said Yingling , a Grayslake Democrat .
DuPage County Board Chairman Dan Cronin says the county has shown consolidation `` can and does work . '' He launched an initiative several years ago calling on 24 local governmental entities to make structural and operational reforms .
The state law approved in 2013 gave DuPage the power to eliminate up to 13 local governments , including fire protection , sanitary and mosquito abatement districts . So far , the county has consolidated four local government entities .
`` We 're currently working on two more dissolutions , '' Cronin said . `` We 've only done this where it makes sense and where real savings can be realized . ''
McHenry County Board Chairman Jack Franks said the county is trying to consolidate the Lake in the Hills Sanitary District with the village of Lake in the Hills . But he said the sanitary district is attempting to acquire land in Kane County to thwart the consolidation effort .
`` Shenanigans like that prove why ( the new law ) is a sorely needed step in the right direction , '' Franks said .
Franks said the taxpayers ca n't afford -- or even keep track of -- the state 's nearly 7,000 separate taxing bodies , including counties , townships and fire protection districts . Illinois tops the nation in having the most units of government .
`` We do n't even know what these guys are doing , '' Franks said . `` They are operating in the shadows . ''
While Rauner said the changes are `` a good , positive step , '' he stressed that 's just a step .
`` We have quite a ways to go , '' he said .
There were 27 recommendations made by the Local Government Consolidation and Unfunded Mandate Task Force that was headed by Lt. Gov . Evelyn Sanguinetti of Wheaton . The measures Rauner signed on Monday reflect five of them .
`` These bills deal with how elected officials can help drive consolidation , '' Rauner said . `` We need to empower the people of Illinois . ''
If residents are able to propose eliminating taxing bodies , Rauner said , `` I think the process will accelerate . It will take on a larger scale , and we can achieve even greater results . ''
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
US Open Cup 's latest Cinderella was Christos FC
hello
Seattle Sounders coach Brian Schmetzer , right , talks with Portland Timbers coach Caleb Porter before a U.S. Open Cup soccer match , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , in Tukwila , Wash. Associated Press
Seattle Sounders forward Felix Chenkam ( 99 ) leaps to kick the ball near the goal during the first half of the team 's U.S. Open Cup soccer match against the Portland Timbers , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , in Tukwila , Wash. Associated Press
Seattle Sounders players surround midfielder Zach Mathers and celebrate in front of fans after Mathers scored a goal against the Portland Timbers during the second half of a U.S. Open Cup soccer match , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , in Tukwila , Wash . The Sounders won 2-1 . Associated Press
While a number of Major League Soccer players were fanned out across the globe for World Cup qualifying matches , some of those back at home stayed busy preparing for the fourth round of the U.S. Open Cup this week .
A slate of games was played Tuesday , with the majority of the schedule set for Wednesday .
Officially called the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup , it is the longest-running soccer tournament in the United States and gives amateur teams a chance to take on the pros , setting up the chance for an intriguing Cinderella team to advance far into the tournament .
This year that Cinderella was Christos FC , which made it to the fourth round before being knocked out of the competition Tuesday night by D.C United .
Sponsored by a Baltimore-area liquor store , Christos Discount Liquors , the Christos FC players rarely practice and starters are often determined by day-job work schedules .
Christos went up 1-0 on Mamadou Kansaye 's free kick in the 23rd minute that sent the team 's supporters into a frenzy , but DC United scored four unanswered goals for the win . Fans gave Christos a standing ovation at the final whistle .
`` As the U.S. grows into a soccer country , this kind of match is going to happen more and more , '' United coach Ben Olsen said . `` There are going to be more , better-quality amateur teams that can make these kinds of runs , and that 's what 's great about the Open Cup . These stories can happen , and I 'm sure they will happen even more in the future . As the amateurs get better , so does our league , so does USL , and NASL , and so on . ''
Christos midfielder Cody Albrecht had to get back to work at Northrop Grumman at 7:30 a.m. on Wednesday .
`` To get the press we 've gotten , have guys doing interviews after their day jobs , it 's been a lot of fun for us . Being a Cinderella story , and having all of the support from Baltimore , was awesome , '' Albrecht told reporters afterward .
Christos FC followed in a long tradition of teams that rose to the challenge in the U.S. Open Cup .
In 2012 the Michigan Bucks knocked off the Chicago Fire to reach the fourth round . The Bucks , who play in a sweet indoor stadium in Pontiac , play in the Premier Development League , the top level for amateurs . They boast an impressive nine wins over professional sides , and are the only team at their level with two wins over MLS teams .
Also that year , Cal FC , an amateur team coached by former U.S. national team star Eric Wynalda , embarrassed the Portland Timbers to advance to the fourth round . The Timbers Army supporters ' group chided their team by chanting : `` Care like we care ! '' during the final minutes .
Within moments after the 120-minute match , `` Cal FC '' was trending on Twitter and Wynalda seemed genuinely amused : `` I do n't know what to tell you guys . I 'm a little bit taken aback by all of this . ''
One other intriguing Cinderella in the MLS era of the competition was Dallas Roma FC , which knocked off Chivas USA on penalties for the third-round victory in 2006
FC Dallas is the reigning U.S. Open Cup champion . The winner gets a spot in the group stage of the CONCACAF Champions League .
GAME OF THE WEEK : FC Dallas , last year 's Supporters ' Shield winner , has won just one of its last six matches and is coming off a 2-0 loss last weekend on the road to the Portland Timbers . After a U.S. Open Cup match Wednesday , Dallas heads back to the Pacific Northwest to play the Vancouver Whitecaps . The Whitecaps - who will have had two weeks off going into Saturday 's match - have split their last four matches and currently sit in fifth place in the Western Conference - behind fourth-place Dallas .
BEST OF THE REST : The Philadelphia Union host the New York Red Bulls on Sunday in what has been dubbed a `` Demolition Derby '' match that will feature Philly 's CJ Sapong ( 8 goals ) and New York 's Bradley Wright-Phillips ( 6 goals ) . The Union beat the Red Bulls 3-0 on May 6 .
As for the `` demolition '' part , Union fans at the game can take a sledgehammer to a Red Bulls-themed car with the proceeds going to the Philadelphia Union Foundation .
PLAYER OF THE WEEK : Portland 's Fanendo Adi won league Player of the Week honors after scoring both goals in the Timbers ' 2-0 victory at home last weekend over FC Dallas .
The win brought Adi 's total goals this season to eight . He now has 49 career MLS goals , as well as 13 multi-goal games . He is Portland 's top scorer across all eras since the team was established in 1975 ( NASL ) .
NEW CITIZEN : Seattle Sounders goalkeeper Stefan Frei on Tuesday announced that he had passed the U.S. citizenship test . The 31-year-old posted a picture of himself draped in a U.S. flag on social media .
`` Thank you all for the love and support ! I 'm proud to finally be an American and will do everything to make my fellow citizens proud ( hashtag ) USA , '' he wrote .
Frei was born in Switzerland and played briefly for that country 's national youth team before moving to California as a teenager . He was called up to a U.S. national team camp earlier this year , but he was not eligible to play for the team without his citizenship .
Republican Boise businessman Tommy Ahlquist , from left , Lt. Gov . Brad Little and Rep. Raul Labrador , R-Idaho , participate in a debate at the studios of Idaho Public Television in Boise , Idaho , Monday , April 23 , 2018 . Otto Kitsinger AP Photo
Dorothy Sewell , 80 , was one of ten people tragically killed in the Toronto van attack on Monday . She was a mother , grandmother , and great-grandmother .
Sewell was confirmed dead by her grandson , Elwood Delaney . Speaking to CBC Toronto , Delaney said , “ She was the foundation for all things sports here in our family , that 's for sure… She loved her Maple Leafs , she loved her Blue Jays . I do n't think she ever missed a Blue Jays game . ”
Elwood explains that his grandmother volunteered helping other seniors , and worked at Sears for a number of years , as well . “ She was the best grandma anyone could ever ask for , ” he says .
On Tuesday , Elwood took to Facebook to write , “ Alek Minassian you are very lucky you are in a jail on the other side of the country , cause If I was there you would be in the ground . Thanks to you I had to tell my 3 children and my wife that cause of you they will no longer get to talk to Nan on there birthdays or Christmas . I love you Dorothy Sewell . You will always be loved and your love for sports will always be with me while I cheer with you . Go Toronto Go . Love you Nan . ”
Another man , Stephen Chadderton , writes that he was friends with Dorothy 's deceased son Todd , took to social media to mourn the loss . He posted on Facebook , “ she was part of our family…taken by that loser… This morning I was shocked to find out that the Mom of my brother from another mother , the deceased Todd Sewell , DOROTHY SEWELL , was one of the 10 victims of the horrible tragedy in North York yesterday . In our many years as friends Dorothy volunteered with North York Football tirelessly . She was very active , young senior , bowling , Volunteering at her church , lawn bowling , cheering tirelessly for her Maple Leafs , Argos , and attending all the Figure Skating Competitions . Full of life , loving life . Dorothy you will be so missed , by so many . You never forgot a birthday , anniversary or Christmas Card . Our Family loved you to death We will miss you ! I hope you and Todd are together now ! ”
Alek Minassian , 25 , who carried out the attack , was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder . While police are busy identifying victims , they have also spoken to those who knew Minassian . Many have described him as someone who “ kept to himself. ” Joseph Pham , who took classes with Minassian at Seneca College , told The Star that Joseph was “ socially awkward ” and “ did n't really talk to anyone . ”
This post will be updated with more information as it becomes available .
By Jason Keidel
The Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers have felt historically fused for about 60 years . And , oddly enough , it started in New York City .
For those who do n't obsess over NFL history , Tom Landry and Vince Lombardi were once assistant coaches for the New York Giants . And , through some act of epic ineptitude , the Giants hired neither as its head coach .
Landry became the Cowboys ' patriarch , while Lombardi became a football deity in Green Bay . Both clubs flourished while the Giants sunk into a 20-year funk . Ever since then , the Cowboys and Packers have played some of the most iconic games in NFL history , from the Ice Bowl to the spellbinding playoff game in Dallas last January , which the Packers won on a last-second field goal .
> > WATCH : The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
The Cowboys and Packers have given the NFL a sprawling reel of essential highlights and a roll call of Hall-of-Famers . And so it 's no wonder that their meeting in Dallas on Sunday is all but the stand-alone game of the week .
The Packers ( 3-1 ) are pretty much where we expect them , around the rungs of contention , sure to either win the NFC North or at least make the playoffs as a wild card . The Cowboys ( 2-2 ) shocked the football world last year , with their breakout rookie tandem of Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott , going 13-3 in 2016 . And though they were expected to be much the same this year , it has n't stuck to script just yet .
With all due respect to Clay Mathews , Jordy Nelson , and the few stars who freckle the roster , the Packers are a bunch of guys and Aaron Rodgers . Injuries have so plagued the Packers that they have lost their top five offensive tackles , have a revolving door at running back and , more than ever , are relying on Rodgers ' singular wizardry to win them games .
And it 's becoming more common to echo what I 've asserted for a few years — Tom Brady , great as he is and clearly the most accomplished QB of all time , is not the best QB of all time . That would be Aaron Rodgers . Even Shannon Sharpe recently joined the growing chorus , declaring that No . 12 is the best thrower of the football who has ever lived .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But since we assign championships — the ultimate team accomplishment — to individual players , we see Super Bowls as the only metric for QB merit . Give Aaron Rodgers the Cowboys ' offensive line and Zeke Elliott , and watch what happens .
If the Cowboys had the identical offensive line , of course . They still have a plethora of Pro Bowl linemen . But the injury , free agent , and retirement bugs have wide wings , from Wisconsin and Texas . The Cowboys are n't quite the same dominant club without two linemen — Ronald Leary , who signed with the Denver Broncos , and Doug Free , who retired .
Indeed , the Cowboys were the emblem of offensive balance last year . Though they led the league in rushing last year , it was flawlessly blended , running the ball on 48.7 percent of their snaps . They were sixth in yards per drive in 2016 , as well as fourth in points per drive , But in 2017 , they are 15th and 17th , respectively . Considering they have the same skill-position players , the answers or explanations can directly be derived from the line .
And it speaks to a staggering difference in scoring differential . Last year , the Cowboys outscored their opponents by 115 points , third-best in the NFL , behind only the two Super Bowl clubs ( Patriots , Falcons ) . This year , they 've scored 94 points while surrendering 97 .
On defense , the Cowboys rank 20th against the pass — surrendering 231.6 yards per game — which does n't bode well with Mr. Rodgers strolling into town , injuries or not . So Dallas must rely on their two strengths . First , feed the ball incessantly to Elliott , and then get to Rodgers . Despite their poor pass defense , Dallas does have 12 sacks , tied for third most in the NFL .
And they should be fueled by two emotional factors . They are at home , before their frothing fans . And considering their loss at home to the Packers in the playoffs last year , they should play with a serious sense of payback .
Defense travels well , and the Packers are fifth against the pass ( 188.5 yards per game ) , though only 14th against the run ( 111.1 yards per game ) . So the Cowboys should find some space on the ground . What also travels well is having a quarterback with the best arm , feet , and awareness on the planet . If this game feels like it 's framed as the Cowboys vs Aaron Rodgers , it 's not exactly fair or right . But it 's not unreasonable . Feels like last year , when Aaron Rodgers pretty much beat the ‘ Boys by himself , with a few boots from Mason Crosby .
Either way , while it 's not the only game this week , it is the game of the week .
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . He is a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . He made his bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow him on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
The Potential of School Meals to Change the Nutrition Landscape in Africa
Daniel Balaban , an economist , is the Director for World Food Programme 's ( WFP ) Centre of Excellence against Hunger
Feb 2 2018 ( IPS ) - Tackling malnutrition is essential for the realisation of the Sustainable Development Goals by 2030 , and will be critical for the African continent to reach its full development potential .
Studies in Africa evidence that the economic impact of undernutrition can reach up to 16.5 percent of a country 's GDP [ 1 ] , not to mention the social burden in terms of wellbeing and health of the population , among others . The magnitude of the impact malnutrition has highlights the need investments capable of delivering results on the multiple factors influencing nutrition indicators . School meals is one of such investments .
School meals can play an important role by connecting different elements of food systems such as child nutrition , nutrition education and agriculture that are essential to promote sustainable , resilient food systems for healthy diets .
An analysis of 47 African countries indicate that over half of them have high or very high rates of stunting , with overall number of stunted children having risen in recent years . [ 2 ] At the same time , the prevalence of overweight and obesity is on the rise with an increase in child overweight by 50 percent from 2000 to 2015 , [ 3 ] setting a new public health challenge .
African countries have committed to the elimination of malnutrition in all its forms at the International Conference on Nutrition 2 ( ICN2 ) , and have endorsed its recommendations with measures to promote an enabling environment .
Among others , these recommendations call for : enhancing political commitment and social participation ; strengthening national cross-government , multi-sector mechanisms ; increasing investment in nutrition with domestic finance ; promoting South-South and triangular cooperation ; and strengthening nutrition governance .
Overall , they require the expansion of national nutrition frameworks , which should encompass the expansion of school meals programmes . School meals can play an important role by connecting different elements of food systems such as child nutrition , nutrition education and agriculture that are essential to promote sustainable , resilient food systems for healthy diets .
Home-grown school meals programmes act in this sense as important platforms to promote sustainable food systems that will lead to better nutrition in countries . School feeding programmes can improve nutrition rates among children through the delivery of adequate and balanced meals . In addition to influencing the eating habits of children and their families through the choice of food included in school menus , school means can also envisage nutrition education to children and the school community .
Another potential of these programmes is to foster local production , specially from smallholder farmers , through local purchases . Considering the multiple policy areas encompassed by school meals , the involvement of various government sectors in programme design and implementation is central to achieve programmes ' intended results .
The WFP Centre of Excellence against Hunger in Brazil has promoted South-South Cooperation to enhance national food security frameworks from a multi-sector perspective , through home-grown school meals . It works closely with African governments to strengthen multi-sector coordination mechanisms , and several of them are making significant progress in this area .
The political support provided by the African Union is also fundamental for the expansion of nutrition specific and nutrition-sensitive programmes , as well as for increased domestic investment in them . The Centre of Excellence is supporting the AU in the elaboration of the Sustainable School Feeding across the African Union study , which provides policymakers with an evidence-based overview on how national school feeding features affect multiple infant and juvenile health and nutrition in the African continent .
Its evidences indicate that national school feeding programmes contribute to positive outcomes on schoolchildren 's anthropometric measurements – such as height , weight , and body mass index – micronutrient status , reported short-term hunger , and incidence of illness .
In order to continue progress in strengthening national nutrition frameworks , the Centre of Excellence supports governments to leverage schools as spaces to promote better nutrition and sustainable food systems .
Governments should also increase coordination among different sectors to improve the delivery of nutrition outcomes in nutrition sensitive programmes , as for example in school meals and cash transfer programmes . Other measures that can contribute in this sense are the strengthening of local food systems that will provide fresh and nutritious food , and promoting consumption of traditional food with high nutritional value .
Addressing current generations ' malnutrition and ensuring that new ones enjoy healthier lives require intense dedication to improving children 's access nutritious diets . As we empower children to have access to adequate food and make choices that contribute to healthy diets , we contribute to changing the nutrition landscape in Africa .
* Daniel Balaban , an economist , is the Director for World Food Programme 's ( WFP ) Centre of Excellence against Hunger . He has also led the Brazilian national school feeding programme as the President of the National Fund for Education Development ( FNDE ) , which feeds 47 million children in school each year . Prior to this , he worked in the private sector as the President of Fiscal Council of Bank Banespa Leasing and as the Fiscal Counsellor of Banco do Brasil Turismo . Additionally , he has been a financial analyst for the Ministry of Finance , an Economic Advisor to the Secretary of the National Treasury , and the National Coordinator of the Studies of the Fiscal Economy . In 2003 , he served as the Special Advisor to the Secretary of the Council of Economic and Social Development under the Presidency of the Federative Republic of Brazil .
[ 1 ] African Union Commission , The cost of Hunger in Africa , 2013
[ 2 ] World Health Organisation , Nutrition in the WHO Africa Region , 2017 .
[ 3 ] UNICEF , WHO , World Bank , Joint child malnutrition estimates 2017 , 2017 .
Now that we know what the declassified House memo says about government misconduct , we also know what it means : The Washington swamp — the deep state — is bigger , more vicious and more dangerous to American liberty than even a cynic could have imagined .
Because of the memo and previous revelations , we know that swamp creatures are embedded in the top of the FBI and the Department of Justice . Some used their power to try to tip a presidential campaign based on their personal politics .
They conducted a sham investigation of the Democratic candidate and misled federal judges to spy on at least one associate of her Republican challenger .
To block exposure of their misdeeds , these officials falsely claimed that national security would be damaged . Add that despicable lie — issued in the name of the FBI itself — to their shameful records .
Thanks to the battle over the memo , we also know with 100 percent certainty that the mainstream media is part of the swamp . The efforts by The New York Times and The Washington Post , among others , to keep the memo from ever seeing sunshine were appalling .
Before it saw the memo , the Times ' editorial page called it proof of “ The Republican Plot Against the FBI. ” A Washington Post columnist warned President Trump he would be making a historic mistake in releasing it .
“ Presidents do n't win fights with the FBI , ” Eugene Robinson wrote , seemingly endorsing the blackmailing habits of the disgraced J. Edgar Hoover .
Oddly , the campaign by those papers coincided with the celebration of their roles in releasing the Pentagon Papers nearly 50 years ago , as heroically depicted in the movie “ The Post . ”
Then , those papers took great risks in standing up for the First Amendment in the face of government threats and financial pressures . Now , those same papers take the side of butt-covering secrecy and demonize those who demand transparency .
Those organizations are betraying their legacies and their duties as journalists . They share with corrupt officials a hatred of Donald Trump and believe that ending his presidency justifies any and all means .
Their motives are as partisan as that of the Democrats who fought tooth and nail to scuttle the memo .
Talk about being on the wrong side of history .
The details of the memo make a strong case that current and former officials committed crimes by misleading FISA court judges in seeking four surveillance warrants against Carter Page , a bit player in the Trump campaign ­orbit .
Those details seal the sordid legacy of former FBI Director James Comey . He signed off on three warrant requests , reportedly without informing the judges that the essential piece of evidence against Page was the infamous Russian dossier paid for by Hillary Clinton 's campaign and the Democratic National Committee .
Months later , Comey himself told Congress the dossier was “ salacious and unverified , ” yet was secretly willing to use it in court against Page .
Its author , Christopher Steele , a former British spy , never went to Russia to interview his paid sources , some of whom were Kremlin officials . Did the judges know any of that before letting the FBI read Page 's e-mails and listen to his phone calls ?
Steele was hired by the FBI , then fired when he shared his dossier with the press and lied about it . He also confided to an agent that he loathed Trump and “ was passionate about him not ­being president . ”
Did the agent , Bruce Ohr , whose wife worked for the same firm as Steele , Fusion GPS , tell the judges that ? Did Comey ? The memo says no .
Without knowing that partisan link , the court was deprived of evidence that would have called into question the surveillance request . Indeed , the memo claims that Andrew McCabe , the former deputy FBI director removed for his conduct during the separate Clinton investigation , testified that no warrant would have been sought “ without the Steele dossier information . ”
Not incidentally , current FBI Director Christopher Wray and his team read the memo before it was released , and did not dispute ­McCabe 's claim .
To the Trump haters , these facts do n't matter . He is , in their minds , unfit to be president , so nothing short of assassination is out of bounds .
Yet it is a mistake to view the memo 's revelations through the lens of whether you like Trump , or what you think of Carter Page . The ultimate issues are no more limited to them than were other landmark moments in American history limited by the personal ­interests of the parties involved .
The case in which Nazis were permitted to march in the Jewish neighborhood of Skokie , Ill. , was not an approval of Nazis . The issue was whether repugnant speech has the same rights as popular speech .
The Supreme Court effectively said it did in a 1977 ruling that strengthened First Amendment rights for all Americans .
Similarly , the “ Miranda warning ” that allows a suspect in police custody to remain silent to avoid self-incrimination stems from a case involving a hideously violent criminal . Ernesto Miranda ultimately was convicted of kidnapping and rape , yet all suspects , innocent and guilty , benefit from the 1966 Supreme Court ruling in his favor .
Rulings like those weave the Founders ' ideals of equality into the fabric of contemporary life and make America the beacon of hope to the world .
Something even larger is now at stake . Trump is the great disrupter who has overthrown the established political order like no one in modern history , and many opponents have lost their bearings in resisting his presidency .
In their rage and bigotry , they are willing to abandon fundamental principles . We only know this because he won the election ; none of this shocking misconduct would have been revealed under a Hillary Clinton presidency .
The claims in the memo that FBI and Justice officials acted corruptly should concern all fair-minded Americans , regardless of political preference . Those claims force us to ask whether we are a nation of laws that apply equally to all .
If not , we are no longer America . We are a banana republic where it 's acceptable for the government to use its police powers against political opponents .
The choice we face is especially stark given that the case at hand potentially implicates other top aides to former President Barack Obama . Recall that Page and others linked to Trump were accused of having ties to Russia , then their names were leaked to the media in a bid to sway the election and then to topple the president . There may be other flimsy FISA applications covering other Trump associates we do n't yet know about .
The memo is a giant step in ­uncovering what appears to be an unprecedented conspiracy , but it is not the endgame . More documents , congressional hearings , investigations and criminal prosecutions are unavoidable .
Hysterical Trump haters greeted the memo 's release by declaring that we face a constitutional crisis . They are right — and they are creating it .
These are the people most wanted by police forces in the UK in relation to alleged sexual offences .
They appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page - a 160-strong list of men and women wanted in connection with crimes across Britain .
Crimestoppers is a registered charity helping law enforcement to solve crimes . Crimestoppers pay cash rewards of up to £1,000 for information and , since its formation in 1988 , nearly 134,000 arrests have been made as a result of tip-offs to the charity .
Unlike some countries , the UK does n't rank its most wanted list - crimes are not ranked by their severity and there is no ‘ most wanted individual ' . But , according to Crimestoppers : “ The nature of the crime or the investigation will influence whether an appeal is featured . ”
Police forces across the UK are responsible for the appeals that appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page , uploading and removing entries and ensuring accuracy of any information provided .
Forces have strict controls to ensure that information provided is accurate . However , if you feel that an appeal is incorrect , contact Crimestoppers to let them know and they will pass this information to the relevant police force .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) — If you have n't started your holiday shopping yet , what are you waiting for ?
Consumers are expected to spend about 6 percent more this year , for an average of roughly $ 661 on gifts , but retailers would n't mind seeing that number creep up even higher .
So they employ certain tactics to get you to spend more .
Today 's “ Lauren 's List ” has the tricks you should keep an eye out for as you hit the stores over the next few weeks .
1 . Breaking the Barrier : When you walk into a department store , you might see a display of a relatively inexpensive item like socks or other little trinkets on deep discount if you buy in bulk . That 's all part of a retailer 's strategy to get you in the buying mood . The goal is to get you shopping from the second you walk in the door .
2 . Free Shipping Trap : Maybe you do n't actually shop in a store , but prefer to buy online . Free shipping is a tempting tool to get you to spend more . Many sites have a minimum threshold to qualify for that free shipping , so you 'll spend even more than that to reach it . And if returns are free too , chances are you 'll buy something you may not really need , but never actually return it !
3 . Rule of Threes : If there 's one particular item a retailer really wants to move this year , they 'll flank it with a cheaper and a more expensive option . Most shoppers will pick the one in the middle , thinking they 're making some sort of compromise between discount and luxury .
4 . No Whole Numbers : Next time you 're in a store , check out just how often something costs x-dollars and 99 cents . Buyers tend to round down , so when an item is for sale for $ 24.99 , our mind tells us it 's actually $ 24 . When you 're spending your hard earned money , retailers know every dollar counts , even if it 's actually only by 1 cent .
What other tricks have you noticed while shopping this year ? Perhaps you 've noted the tempo of the music or the temperature of the store ? It all matters !
Tell me on Facebook or Twitter .
If you have an idea for a future “ Lauren 's List ” , send it to lpastrana @ cbs.com .
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation , Maikanti Baru , on Friday visited Vice President Yemi Osinbajo befoe heading to the office of the Chief of Staff to the President , Abba Kyari . The People 's Democrati ...
Joseph diGenova appears on `` Meet the Press '' Feb. 11 , 2001 , at the NBC studio in Washington , D.C .
President Donald Trump has added a longtime Washington lawyer to his legal team who has publicly promoted a conspiracy theory that officials in the FBI and Justice Department are plotting to frame the president with a `` false crime '' in the Russia investigation .
Joseph diGenova , a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia , recently joined Trump 's legal team , Jay Sekulow , one of the president 's lawyers , confirmed to NBC News Monday .
`` I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that he will be a great asset in our representation of the president , '' Sekulow said in a statement .
Prince was multi-chromatic ; a comedian who said as few words as possible , an androgynous sex symbol , a devout mischief-maker , an artist who fused disparate styles — soul and rhythm and blues and rock solos and reedy electronics — into one squarely his own , painted with a palette no one had even noticed .
Regardless , we call him The Purple One for good reason . And now , thanks to a deal between his increasingly license-happy estate and the Pantone Color Institute , he has his own , specific , kingly shade .
`` While the spectrum of the color purple will still be used in respect to the 'Purple One , ' Love Symbol # 2 will be the official color across the brand he left behind , '' a statement reads . The color was inspired by the hue of a piano he 'd planned to take on tour , before passing away on April 21 , 2016 .
Love Symbol # 2 was the name Prince gave to his copyrighted symbol , which made its first appearance on 1992 's Love Symbol Album . One year later , after reaching peak frustration with Warner Bros. , his label home for many , many years , Prince changed his name to the graphic portmanteau .
Not wanting to leave the press out in the lurch with regard to covering him , Prince sent around floppy disks containing a font that had just one character : his own . They eventually settled , for the most part , on the far-less elegant `` Artist Formerly Known As Prince . ''
With an unmatched number of scoops , Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum . Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — LeBron James had 25 points , 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night .
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love , who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on his left knee . Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play .
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted him and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves , who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4 . The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s .
James tried to calm the Cavs on Tuesday morning when they found out they would be without Love for the stretch run in an Eastern Conference race that is suddenly tight with the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards right on their heels . He said that as long as he 's on the floor , the Cavs will always have a chance to win , and no one doubts him .
He took his time to get going , choosing to get others involved , including with a no-look pass through Wiggins ' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter . He threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night .
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter , but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game . He hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth .
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No . 1 overall three years ago , but that was before James made his surprising return to Cleveland . The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them his best punch . He entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them , his highest scoring average against any team in the league .
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes , but James hit his from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to hold off the Wolves .
TIP-INS
Cavaliers : F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle . … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted him No . 2 overall . … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards .
Timberwolves : SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in his left knee . He is expected to miss nine months while recovering . … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds , but was just 2 for 8 from the field .
UP NEXT
Cavaliers : Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break .
Timberwolves : Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets , who currently own the eighth seed in the West .
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
The journey began with Mike Cox and his brother in law building custom homes as C & D Custom Homes . As business increased the need for a real estate company evolved and C & D Realty began . Doris Gorman joined the company as their first realtor . Doris Gorman brings to the table years of experience and expertise of buying and selling homes in Wilson County . She is a full time realtor and ready to guide you through all your real estate needs . Several years later Cox 's Construction was formed as Mike Cox continued to build custom homes . Medana Hemontolor joined in as a construction manager .
In 2017 C & D Realty merged with Exit Rocky Top Realty to become an international company with Tom Parham . Exit has brought the latest in technology and exposures to all our clients .
Exit Realty International earned a Distinguished Honoree Medal in the category of most innovative company in North America .
Exit congratulates Judy Cox for being chosen Best Realtor in Wilson County . With more than 25 years of experience Judy is a full time realtor with a proven track record of “ Making It Happen ” when it comes to closing the deal . She and her daughter , Medana Hemontolor , of the C & D Team are ready to assist . Medana brings more than nine years of experience and an energized work ethic , which always gets the job done . Darlene Johnson recently joined the group and is ready with a real estate background to take care of your real estate needs while Pam Bayer office manager keeps everything running smoothly in the office . The entire team would like to say “ thank you ” for trusting us with your real estate needs over all these years . We are here to serve this community with professional real estate services above and beyond . As Doris said , “ You can buy advertising services , but you ca n't buy your reputation . You have to earn it , ” and that 's what we as agents at Exit Rocky Top Realty want to always be “ people you can trust . ”
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
BRANFORD , Conn. — Authorities say a 10-year-old boy slipped while playing in a culvert with his two brothers and was swept into a pipe leading to a Connecticut river . His body was found hours later .
Captain Geoff Morgan of the Branford Police Department says the boys were playing near the culvert at about 1 p.m. Friday when the child lost his footing , fell from an embankment and was swept into the 4-foot-wide pipe .
Morgan says police used divers , sonar and a drone to search from the point where the boy went missing down to Branford Harbor on Long Island Sound .
Morgan says the body was found three hours later about 500 feet from where he disappeared .
Watch out for flamethrower bearing BBQers this summer . Elon Musk , the attention-grabbing entrepreneur behind Tesla and SpaceX , has fired up Twitter and legions of his loyal followers with a brand-spanking new toy -- a commercially available flamethrower .
The Future Is Flamethrower ?
Musk 's flamethrower has already become a hit . Pre-sales have quickly sold out online . There 's no word about future flamethrowers hitting the market , so this might be a gag gift or the start of a new trend . But it raises interesting legal questions which , yes , we 're here to blog about .
It 's Easier to Buy a Flamethrower Than a Gun
You might be surprised to learn that only two states regulate flamethrowers . California requires flamethrower users and buyers to have a permit , while Maryland bans them entirely . But you should n't be too surprised . There 's never been a wave of flamethrower-related violence to spur states and Congress to enact flamethrower laws . Hence their absence .
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher -- Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) February 1 , 2018
That might change soon , however . California is already rumbling about a ban on flamethrower sales , and we 'd expect other states to follow if necessary .
Use Your Flamethrower Wisely
What 's always prohibited are crimes -- no matter what 's used to commit them . Most criminal laws criminalize actions - murder , kidnapping , assault , etc . -- and `` add on '' counts or prison time for using prohibited items .
ELON I BOUGHT 6 FLAMETHROWERS NOW THE TSA IS TELLING ME I 'M ON SOME SORT OF WATCHLIST ? ! ? WHAT HAVE I DONE PLEASE HELP -- Riccardo `` fluffyblockchain '' Spagni ( @ fluffypony ) February 1 , 2018
Those definitions are flexible : a car can be deadly weapon , as can be a surgeon 's hands . A flamethrower might pose an interesting case for an appellate court someday , but it 's not something we 'd expect to be a winning argument .
Related Resources
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
4:36 ' I am here to save democracy ... '
3:56 What 's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise ?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho , nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
FORT WAYNE , IN -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Franklin Electric Co. , Inc. ( NASDAQ : FELE ) announced today that it has appointed Donald P. Kenney as President , North America Water Systems . In this role , Mr. Kenney will be responsible for all aspects of the North America Water Systems business that supports the sale of Franklin Electric products to customers in Canada , the United States , Mexico , and Central America .
Mr. Kenney was hired as FE Petro employee number five in 1991 . Over the years , he has assumed increasing levels of responsibility , becoming President of FE Petro in 2001 , and then President of Franklin Fueling Systems in 2005 . In 2013 , Mr. Kenney was appointed a Vice President of Franklin Electric Co. , Inc. and promoted to President , Energy Systems .
Franklin Electric is a global leader in the production and marketing of systems and components for the movement of water and fuel . Recognized as a technical leader in its products and services , Franklin Electric serves customers around the world in residential , commercial , agricultural , industrial , municipal , and fueling applications .
`` Safe Harbor '' Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . Any forward-looking statements contained herein , including those relating to market conditions or the Company 's financial results , costs , expenses or expense reductions , profit margins , inventory levels , foreign currency translation rates , liquidity expectations , business goals and sales growth , involve risks and uncertainties , including but not limited to , risks and uncertainties with respect to general economic and currency conditions , various conditions specific to the Company 's business and industry , weather conditions , new housing starts , market demand , competitive factors , changes in distribution channels , supply constraints , effect of price increases , raw material costs , technology factors , integration of acquisitions , litigation , government and regulatory actions , the Company 's accounting policies , future trends , and other risks which are detailed in the Company 's Securities and Exchange Commission filings , included in Item 1A of Part I of the Company 's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31 , 2016 , Exhibit 99.1 attached thereto and in Item 1A of Part II of the Company 's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q . These risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements . All forward-looking statements made herein are based on information currently available , and the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements .
According to Wilson County Emergency Management Agency director Joey Cooper , the two-vehicle accident happened Wednesday morning , and paramedics performed CPR on one person who was taken to Tennova Helathcare-Lebanon . The other person involved in the accident was not injured .
Kevin Hart loves to heckle and make fun of NBA players . The latest player he has playfully roasted is Finals MVP and champion Kevin Durant .
Last week , on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert , Hart said that even though he 's friends with the Warriors ' Durant , Klay Thompson and Steph Curry , he was pulling for LeBron James to win again because he wanted to see James make history . However , Hart added that he 'd never let the Warriors see him cheering for James at games .
On Tuesday , Hart had a blast congratulating Durant , then roasting him , then congratulating him again in an Instagram video ( NSFW language in video and IG caption ) . Hart says :
“ Alright , congratulations are in order for my man KD . I 'm not gon na lie , I did n't think it was gon na happen , but you did it , so I 'm gon na congratulate you . Humbly , I congratulate you on finally getting a ring . You deserve it , amazing season , amazing accomplishment . I 'm not taking anything from you . “ I 'm gon na tell you what I did notice . You 're still getting your ass whooped by your mother … ( he then proceeds to keep talking about how KD 's mom spanks him ) … I love you man , congrats . Mama Durant , nothing but love for you too , but I know you still whooping his ass . ”
Hart 's hashtags are really something . They include “ # StephYouCanGetSmackedTo # ButWhatDidiDo # YouToDamnHappy # GoHugLebron # # Huh . ”
And by the way , Durant shared an amazingly touching moment with his mom , who is the best , after the Warriors won .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Craig Campbell is fresh off the release of his brand-new EP , See You Try . We sat down with the country singer to discuss new music , touring with Luke Bryan , working in the studio , and more .
Campbell opened up all about being a part of country music and attending the CMA Awards as well . Let 's just say he made a new friend in Nashville last year when he spilled a drink down Aaron Lewis ' back .
While touring with Bryan last summer he found out the “ Sunrise , Sunburn , Sunset '' singer enjoys tequila just as much as he does . Campbell also revealed that for those who do n't know Bryan , who he is on stage , during interviews , and on American Idol , is his true self .
Campbell has worked with Bryan for many years and even was his piano player at that start of his career . In our exclusive interview above , the 39-year-old thanks the country superstar for the advice he can now pass along to fellow artists .
`` It took me a long time to come to the realization that people not only listen to music they watch . I would encourage up and coming singers to venture out , '' Campbell said .
Click here to check out Craig Campbell 's See You Try EP .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It was standing room only at CBRE 's recent Midlands Market Outlook breakfast at 55 Temple Row .
More than 100 of the region 's real estate professionals heard guest speaker Deborah Cadman , chief executive of the West Midlands Combined Authority , give an overview of the organisation 's work and achievements .
She also announced the creation of a Brownfield Institute , to free up disused land for new homes .
CBRE 's research director , Andrew Marston , analysed prospects for the regional property market .
Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Saturday that early elections could be a last resort if he fails to win support for a new government after his minority cabinet lost a confidence vote last month .
The billionaire businessman 's anti-establishment ANO party won a parliamentary election last October but lacks a majority .
With a booming economy and rising wages , ANO appealed to voters with its pledge to fight corruption , streamline government , fix outdated roads and cut taxes .
Babi faces allegations that he fraudulently claimed European Union subsidies worth 2 million euros a decade ago and other parties decline to work with him . He denies wrongdoing and ANO refuses to nominate another candidate for prime minister .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
DOWNEY ( CBSLA ) — A heartbroken Army veteran received good news Tuesday when he learned that his service dog , who had been stolen Saturday night in Downey , was found safe in Anaheim .
“ Marcee is home ! ! ! ! ! ! ” veteran Apolonio E. Munoz III wrote on his Facebook page Tuesday afternoon . “ I got a call not too long ago from Downey PD that she was found by someone in Anaheim , that she was seen in a local park . They asked me to come by the station and see if this was Marcee ; I get there and she was excited to see me . She 's now home safe in her bed , wo n't leave my side and the roommate 's dog is snuggled up with her giving her lots of attention and kisses . ”
On Sunday , the 34-year-old Iraq war veteran explained in a Facebook post that while at an Arco gas station in the 10800 block of Lakewood Boulevard , his red Honda Civic was stolen Saturday night and Marcee — his 10-year-old pit bull mix — was inside .
Munoz went on to explain that Marcee was in training to be a service dog in order to help him cope with post-traumatic stress disorder .
“ Thank you to everyone that helped bring her home , both Marcee and I are truly grateful to everyone for their help and support during this difficult time , ” Munoz wrote . “ Now that she 's home , life can start to normalize and hopefully soon my car will also be found . ”
While Munoz is relieved Marcee has been returned to him safely , his car — a red 2012 Honda Civic with California plate 7DAE374 — is still missing .
Anyone with information in the case was urged to contact Downey police at ( 562 ) 861-0771 .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . City News Service contributed to this report. ) ted . Wire services contributed to this report . )
A popular supermarket on El Cajon Boulevard has partly reopened after being forced to close Wednesday for health violations . Inspectors found cockroaches , rodent nests , droppings and food stored on the floor as well as other violations .
The deli and market area of Pancho Villa Farmers Market reopened Saturday after a re-inspection while the bakery remains closed due to “ continued presence of live cockroaches ” according to the re-inspection report .
During the re-inspection , there was no evidence of live vermin in the deli , but one dead cockroach was seen by inspectors behind the cookline . An “ A ' ” grade card was hung in the deli window Saturday .
Inspection reports obtained by NBC 7 last week provided details on the violations , which include “ too numerous to count live and dead cockroaches ” in the bakery and juice areas , a clogged and overflowing floor sink and no hand soap in the tortilla-making areas and foods being cooled at unsafe temperatures in the deli .
The bakery will remain closed until a county health specialist says the facility is ready to reopen .
The County Department of Environmental Health ( DEH ) conducts regular , unannounced inspections of all permitted food establishments to ensure they 're complying with state and local food safety laws .
All Progressives Congress ( APC ) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly . Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari 's veto on the Electoral Act amendme ...
After impressing at World Cup , Iceland goalie joins Qarabag
hello
Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson dives during the group D match between Iceland and Croatia , at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena in Rostov-on-Don , Russia , Tuesday , June 26 , 2018 . Associated Press
COPENHAGEN , Denmark -- After impressing at the World Cup , Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag .
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers ' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander `` has n't gone unnoticed . '' Halldorsson 's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina .
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got `` a concrete bid from Qarabag , which we have accepted . '' Details of the deal were not released .
Halldorsson , who played 69 games for the team , said `` it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure . ''
William Dunlop believes he has the `` tools for the job '' to compete for the major honours during the 2018 international road racing season .
Dunlop will ride Yamaha machinery for the Temple Golf Club-backed team run by businessman Tim Martin .
Downfall of Toshiba , a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Subscribe to read : Financial Times MBA students become unlikely beneficiaries of UK apprenticeship levy
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 * Select Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week . You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT 's award-winning news on desktop , mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry , journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views , 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital , plus : Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails , including a weekly email from our Editor , Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital , plus : Free delivery to your home or office , Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options :
Why Elon Musk 's trusted long-time tech chief grew a beard and waved bye-bye to SpaceX
Brendan Spikes was Musk 's most trusted IT lieutenant for the next 15 years .
Elon Musk 's reputation proceeded him .
Back in the mid-'90s at first company Zip2 – which sold software packages to newspapers to provide online city guides and directories – Musk had hit a load-balancing problem .
The concept of taking requests and distributing them across multiple servers was quite new at the time , so Musk called in the engineer he 'd contracted to help .
“ Elon was asking him some hard questions and the engineer did n't know the answers . He just did n't know how the algorithms worked and how it spread traffic around , ” remembers Brendan Spikes , then a junior colleague of the engineer .
“ So Elon got frustrated and fired him . Quite a reputation , right ? Well I was the next guy to go in there . ''
Spikes , at that time still a teenager , was able to solve the issue , quickly earning Musk 's approval . He became and remained Musk 's most trusted IT lieutenant for the next 15 years , sticking by his side from Paypal to SpaceX .
Until an experience at a house party in San Francisco prompted him to quit Musk 's empire and go it alone .
Coolest . Thing . Ever .
Tall and softly spoken , Spikes earned his education , he says , at the ‘ school of hard knocks ' .
“ If I had gone to college it would have been in 1995 and that was essentially when the web was just becoming a thing , ” he tells CIO Australia at start-up hub Stone & Chalk in Sydney . “ And I was in love with it . I thought it was the coolest thing ever . ”
A Silicon Valley native he enveloped himself in the budding tech and start-up scene .
“ I saw the stuff that computers were made from when they were being invented , in their earliest infancy , and got to hands-on play with them , ” he remembers .
“ I owned a few of those early computers and learned how to program them and hack them . It was , for me , all around . You 're surrounded by technology innovation and I thought that was just normal . And I kept digging in as fast as I could . ”
The arrival of the internet sparked something in Spikes .
“ I was like an activist – how many people can I get on this web which is the coolest thing I have ever seen ? ” he says .
Bagging his first desk job at 19 as a systems administrator at Zip2 , Musk took Spikes with him to Paypal – initially x.com – where , at just 21 , he was given a director role ( and the world 's shortest email address : b @ x.com ) .
“ I was given the ability to manage and build a team for the first time . To do my job I needed people to follow my directions . It was hard to get people rallied behind me when I was young and looked young . It was hard at me to garner the sort of authority or respect that I would need to do my job , ” says Spikes .
1 2 3 Next Page
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
A Queens hospital 's confusion over what to do with the remains of a stillborn baby boy , has renewed the parents ' anguish five months later .
Michael Angel Rodriguez was delivered stillborn at the Katz Women 's Hospital at Long Island Jewish Medical Center in Queens on Jan. 6 and to this day has not been buried , say parents Kelis and Neal Rodriguez of Howard Beach .
Kelis had been admitted on Christmas Day 2017 with life-threatening pregnancy-related complications , Neal said . By the time Michael was delivered , she had been there for 12 days at staggering out-of-pocket expense .
So when staff asked if the family wanted to pay for a private funeral or have his body interred at no cost in the city 's potter 's field on Hart Island , they made the tough choice of having a city burial .
“ All my attention was focused on my wife — I wanted to get her back on her feet , ” said Neal , a retired Navy veteran-turned-web consultant .
They thought all was settled until LIJ called on April 26 saying the baby was n't eligible for city burial .
“ I started crying , ” Kelis told The Post . “ It was like it just happened . It brings everything back . We 've been trying to move forward . ”
The city medical examiner 's office said families can request city burial , no matter “ the decedent 's age . ”
An LIJ rep said the hospital mistakenly said Michael was ineligible and “ we apologize for any miscommunication or misunderstanding . ”
Why millennial women are ditching the pill Michelle Cady , founder of wellness consultancy FitVista , had been on the pill since she was 17 . So she was shocked when , about four years ago , she went to lunch with ...
Male birth control pill showing promise in early trials clinical trials show that a birth control pill for men may soon be a reality . According to US News and World Report , the new pill , called DMAU , is a ...
A male contraceptive pill that boosts libido may soon be a reality A male contraceptive pill that “ blocks sperm ' and increases libido is about to enter what could be the final stage of development in a major medical breakthrough .
I had no idea the pill was killing my sex life I 'd been happily married for five years when I first noticed something odd . My husband is very handsome and I 'm very attracted to him — and yet , my sexual side ...
Contraceptive app blamed for accidental pregnancies A mobile app claiming to be “ as effective as the pill ” has been reported to Swedish authorities after 37 women claimed to have gotten pregnant while using the app last ...
This one factor women say determines success in their career Do n't treat this issue with kid gloves . Being able to time when they have kids is essential for women to advance at work , especially for the women who are breaking ...
Should you be worried about a link between birth control and breast cancer ? Hormonal birth control methods can increase the risk of breast cancer about as much as smoking and drinking , a new study has found . Using hormonal contraceptives , like the pill — ...
Small risk of breast cancer seen with hormone contraceptives CHICAGO — Modern birth control pills that are lower in estrogen have fewer side effects than past oral contraceptives . But a large Danish study suggests that , like older pills , they ...
Spacey 's problematic reveal and other comments From the right : The Myth of Steve Bannon may have made Donald Trump “ a better candidate , ” says The Weekly Standard 's Fred Barnes , but “ he was n't responsible for pulling ...
FILE - This Nov. 4 , 2014 file photo former US Congressman Charles Djou , Republican candidate for the Hawaii US House seat , makes some last minute campaign phone calls at his headquarters on election day in Honolulu . Djou , says he 's leaving the Republican Party because of President Donald Trump and the failure of fellow party members to stand up to him . Djou represented Honolulu in the U.S. House from 2010 to 2011 . He wrote in an opinion piece published in Civil Beat on Monday , March 19 , 2018 , that he 's disturbed that the Republican Party under Trump has become hostile to immigration . Marco Garcia , File AP Photo
First the Biebs , and now Miley Cyrus . The singer was set to receive the night 's highest honor , “ The Ultimate Choice Award , ” but backed out from appearing at the very last-minute , due to a scheduling conflict .
And when we say last-minute , we mean the absolute last-minute . The Teen Choice Awards ' official Twitter account tweeted that Miley was supposedly in the arena , and was prepping for the night 's festivities .
. @ MileyCyrus is in the HOUSE ! We will see you at 8PM EST TONIGHT for # TeenChoice ! pic.twitter.com/nDzscE5wj3 — Teen Choice Awards ( @ TeenChoiceFOX ) August 13 , 2017
Rumor has it that Cyrus and actor Chris Pratt were set to host separation the event , and Pratt actually was absent the first thirty minutes of the show , before appearing to accept his award for Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actor . We think he has a better excuse though . It was his first public appearance since announcing his from his wife , Anna Farris .
Via Daily Mail
Follow JT on Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter
Drew Angerer/Getty Images ( NEW YORK ) — Surveillance video caught the dramatic moment an explosive device was detonated in the New York City subway system during Monday morning 's rush hour , sending panicked commuters scrambling to evacuate .
The video shows commuters walking in the underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal when the explosion erupts . The camera screen filled with smoke as people fled for safety .
As the smoke clears , the suspect is seen lying on the ground .
The 27-year-old suspect , Akayed Ullah , is in the hospital , badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in his arms , sources said . Ullah , originally from Bangladesh , told authorities he is self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda , sources said .
Christina Bethea , 29 , told ABC News she was in the passageway on her way to work when she heard a bang , saw smoke and ran .
Despite the crowds , only three people suffered minor injuries , officials said .
New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo called the explosion “ one of our worst nightmares. ” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio called it an “ attempted terrorist attack . ”
Cuomo said on CNN that the homemade device only partially detonated , explaining that the bomb was in a pipe that itself did not explode . Authorities called it an “ improvised low-tech explosive device ” that was attached to the suspect with Velcro and zip ties .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
WASHINGTON — Once an absentee first lady , Melania Trump embraced her moment in the spotlight Tuesday for the French president 's state visit , ditching her trademark dark sunglasses and shining in a look-at-me white skirt suit and matching hat .
All eyes were again on Mrs. Trump on Tuesday evening when she stepped out in a Chanel gown to greet Emmanuel Macron and his wife , Brigitte , as they arrived for the first state dinner of Trump 's administration . Mrs. Trump 's black Chantilly lace haute couture gown was hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins , according to her spokeswoman .
It was another big fashion statement for the former model .
Earlier Tuesday , Mrs. Trump wore the stylish belted suit with her broad-brimmed chapeau for her public appearances , including on a brief outing to the National Gallery of Art with Mrs. Macron to view an exhibit of works by French painter Paul Cezanne .
The hat stayed atop her head as she returned to the White House and took her front-row seat in the East Room for the president 's joint news conference with Macron . It bobbed up and down across the bottom of television screens as she entered the room and again as she rose to leave , spawning many a Twitter meme .
The hat was designed by Herve Pierre , the first lady 's French-born stylist , according to Mrs. Trump 's office .
“ Designing is too big a word for a hat that classical , ” Pierre texted The Associated Press .
The skirt suit was a creation of Michael Kors , a designer the first lady has worn in the past .
see also The story behind Melania 's all-white ceremony look First lady Melania Trump sported a dramatic white hat as ...
Mrs. Trump was largely absent from Washington during the first six months of the administration , opting to continue living full time at the family 's Trump Tower penthouse in New York City so their now-12-year-old son , Barron , would n't have to change schools in the middle of the year .
She was rarely seen — and even more rarely heard — during those months , even after she finally moved to Washington last June .
But she seems to be trying to change that , even pushing back publicly against her critics . She recently convened a White House discussion on cyberbullying , an issue she identified as her platform despite her husband 's penchant for belittling and berating his foes on Twitter . She acknowledged that people were skeptical of her commitment to curb cyberbullying but said it would not stop her from doing what she believes is right : helping children and the next generation .
Mrs. Trump 's white outfit Tuesday recalled another high-profile occasion , the president 's first State of the Union address , when the first lady wore a white pantsuit . Trump gave the speech shortly after news broke earlier this year that his personal attorney had paid adult-film star Stormy Daniels $ 130,000 just before the 2016 presidential election to keep quiet about a sexual encounter Trump says did n't happen .
Inquiring minds wondered what kind of statement the first lady sought to make with her attire .
Her first state dinner seems to be another area where she is aiming to make a statement . The White House stressed that Mrs. Trump , who planned her 2005 wedding , had a hand in every detail of what is the social denouement of Macron 's visit . She released a brief video showing her working on the details with her staff , including the menu and the cream-and-gold table settings .
Clearly in her comfort zone , Mrs. Trump was seen exchanging pleasantries in French with members of Macron 's delegation during the outdoor arrival ceremony . Her Louboutin stilettos also paid homage to the colors of the French flag with their trademark red sole , towering white heel and blue body .
About 130 guests , seated at round candle-lit tables decorated with bouquets of white flowers , will dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart served on a mix of china settings from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . After-dinner entertainment will be courtesy of the Washington National Opera .
State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington 's political and business elite and the rather small guest list , compared to the hundreds of guests who came to some of President Barack Obama 's dinners , gives Tuesday night 's soiree a more exclusive feel . Among those in attendance are Vice President Mike Pence , Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts , former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , Apple CEO Tim Cook and two Winter Olympians , who flashed their gold medals on their way into the pre-dinner reception .
In a break with tradition , Trump excluded congressional Democrats and journalists , said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly . But some Democrats did make the cut , including Louisiana Gov . John Bel Edwards .
Scott Clarke / ESPN Images ( FORT MYERS , Fla. ) – The Boston Red Sox will officially begin spring training on Friday , and they will be without superstar designated hitter David Ortiz for the first time since 2002 . Ortiz retired in the offseason following an Star 2016 campaign and a career that spanned 20 years , the final 14 of which were spent with Boston .
Outfielder Mookie Betts , who joined the club his rookie year in 2014 , told reporters it was “ weird ” and “ different ” for players not seeing Ortiz at his locker this spring . Betts is one of the players who reported to spring training early this year . He is one of many young players that will try to replace Ortiz 's production , particularly in regards to power . Ortiz led the majors in RBI and doubles last year . Another offseason acquisition , Mitch Moreland , could start at first base and give the Red Sox lineup some left-handed power as well .
The Red Sox will also look to pitching to replace Ortiz . The team acquired ace Chris Sale in a December trade with the White Sox . When asked if he has any advice for his first year in Boston , fellow lefty ace David Price , who joined the Red Sox last offseason , told reporters he wants Sale to “ go out there , be yourself , and have fun. ” He added : “ Chris Sale is good enough for us . ”
ESPN reports the Red Sox have talked with Ortiz about a post-playing role , possibly in an advisory capacity similar to former pitcher Pedro Martinez . To this point , Ortiz has n't committed to getting back into baseball anytime in the near future .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
0:51 The day Idaho 's Teton Dam broke Pause
1:48 Trucks , helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam , hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
3:22 SWIC photography instructor inspired by husband
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:42 Water gushes at California 's Lake Oroville dam
4:07 Federal judge temporarily halts Trump 's travel ban
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
Image copyright Nick Moreton/Google Maps Image caption If approved , the new brine baths would be built next to Droitwich Spa 's lido
Brine baths could return to Droitwich Spa after closing almost a decade ago .
The baths , which were owned by the private BMI Droitwich Spa Hospital , have been shut since 2009 because of problems with upkeep .
But campaign group Save Our Brine Baths ( SOBBS ) has put forward proposals for a new building near the town 's lido .
The proposals have been recommended for approval at Wychavon District Council 's planning committee on Thursday .
With water from a natural salt water spring , the baths closed when BMI said they were no longer fit for purpose because the water pumps and pipes had become heavily corroded .
SOBBS was launched in a bid to raise money to build a new bath , claiming it would be less costly than refurbishing the old facility .
Now a community interest company , the group raised £3,000 to pay for a professional agency to put together the proposals .
Droitwich Spa town councillor and chair of the SOBBS , William Moy , said , should they be approved , the hard work will begin in earnest to raise funds to pay for the baths .
He said : `` Everyone is absolutely elated . The officer 's recommendation is for approval and we are very optimistic . ''
Image copyright Droitwich Spa Town Council Image caption Droitwich 's first brine baths opened in the 1830s
Despite the recommendation , Wychavon District Council 's property and estates department has raised concern about the location and potential loss of parking at the lido .
Droitwich Spa became the only saltwater spa town in Britain when John Corbett created the first spa , St Andrew 's Brine Baths , in 1887 as part of the Raven Hotel .
The first baths opened in the 1830s , taking advantage of the natural brine springs that have been used in the town since Roman times .
The Senate Judiciary Committee chairman is considering holding a hearing with the chiefs of Facebook Inc. , Alphabet Inc. 's Google and Twitter Inc. after reports that a company that worked for President Donald Trump 's campaign harvested data on millions of Facebook users without their consent .
Senator ChuckGrassley , an Iowa Republican , has “ taken under advisement ” a request from Democrats for a hearing with the technology companies , spokesman George Hartmann said in an email Monday .
`` The chairman is currently gathering information and taking steps to inform any action by the committee , ” Hartmann said . “ At this point , no decision has been made on whether to hold such a hearing or whether it would occur at the full committee or subcommittee level . ''
Chuck Grassley Photographer : Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg
Politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have been calling on Facebook Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg to appear before lawmakers to explain how U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica , the data-analysis firm that helped Trump win the U.S. presidency , was able to harvest the personal information . Facebook Inc. shares posted their steepest drop since 2015 .
Facebook said Friday that a professor used Facebook 's login tools to get people to sign up for what he claimed was a personality-analysis app he had designed for academic purposes . To take the quiz , 270,000 people gave the app permission to access data via Facebook on themselves and their friends , exposing a network of 50 million people , according to the New York Times . That kind of access was allowed under Facebook 's rules at the time . Afterward , the professor violated Facebook 's terms when he passed along that data to Cambridge Analytica .
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota and Republican John Kennedy of Louisiana wrote to Grassley earlier Monday asking him to bring in the three CEOs for a public hearing .
“ The lack of oversight on how data is stored and how political advertisements are sold raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights , ” the senators wrote . They said they hope the hearing would show “ what is being done to protect Americans ' data and limit abuse of the platforms , as well as to assess what measures should be taken before the next elections . ”
Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Mark Warner , a Virginia Democrat , also called for a hearing with the tech company CEOs last week , and other senators in both parties said there should be another public hearing with the social media companies ahead of this year 's congressional elections .
— With assistance by Sarah Frier
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com . It 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out [ … ]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of [ … ]
WQAMMiami 's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida 's original sports station . For over 20 years , WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved [ … ]
South Florida H.S . SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com ! We 're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http : //miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “ crew ” J.T . Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox @ CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1 @ aol.com [ … ]
UK independent connection provider Green Frog Connect has this week reached the 1.5GW milestone of projects that been connected or under construction .
One third of the projects were built entirely through the company 's EPC services .
Green Frog Connect director Tom Drake said : “ When we started the business six years ago , we made the decision to focus purely on connecting power generation projects , which are more complex and time consuming than connecting residential and commercial developments .
“ After reaching this milestone it is clear this decision has paid off . We now have an incredibly skilled and dedicated team with a deep understanding of power generation grid connections across all areas . ”
Image : Pexels
5 things to know about new Congress
hello
House Speaker Paul Ryan speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington . Congress ushers in a new era of all-Republican rule , with a tight GOP grip on the House , a slim majority in the Senate and a newfound ally in the White House in Donald Trump . Associated Press/November 2016
WASHINGTON -- Congress ushers in a new era of all-Republican rule .
On Tuesday at noon , with plenty of pomp and pageantry , members of the 115th Congress will be sworn in , with an emboldened GOP intent on unraveling eight years of President Barack Obama 's Democratic agenda and targeting massive legacy programs from Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon B. Johnson such as Social Security and Medicare .
In the election , Republicans kept their tight grip on the House and outmaneuvered the Democrats for a slim majority in the Senate . In less than three weeks , on the West Front of the Capitol , Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the presidential oath to Donald Trump , the GOP 's newfound ally .
First up for Republicans is repeal and delay of the health care law , expediting the process for scrapping Obama 's major overhaul but holding off on some changes for up to four years . The tax code is in the crosshairs . Conservatives want to scuttle rules on the environment and undo financial regulations created in the aftermath of the 2008 economic meltdown , arguing they are too onerous for businesses to thrive .
The only obstacle to the far-reaching conservative agenda will be Senate Democrats who hold the power to filibuster legislation , but even that has its political limitations . Twenty-three Democrats are up for re-election in 2018 , including 10 from states Trump won , and they could break ranks and side with the GOP .
Here are a few things to know about Congress :
By the numbers
Vice President Joe Biden , in one of his final official acts , will administer the oath to 27 returning senators and seven new ones . Republicans will have a 52-48 advantage in the Senate , which remains predominantly a bastion of white men .
There will be 21 women , of whom 16 are Democrats and five , Republicans ; three African Americans , including California 's new Democratic senator Kamala Harris , and four Hispanics , including Nevada 's new Democratic senator Catherine Cortez Masto .
Across the Capitol , the House is expected to re-elect Rep. Paul Ryan as Speaker , with all the campaign-season recriminations involving the Wisconsin Republican and Trump largely erased by GOP wins . Once sworn in , Ryan will then administer the oath to the House members .
The GOP will hold a hefty 241-194 majority in the House , including 52 freshmen -- 27 Republicans , including Wyoming 's Liz Cheney , daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney , and 25 Democrats .
Confirming the cabinet
The Senate will exercise its advice and consent role and consider nominations of 15 department secretaries and six people tapped by Trump to lead agencies or serve in roles with Cabinet-level status , such as the EPA and U.N. ambassador .
Democrats wo n't make it easy .
Several in the party have been highly critical of several of Trump 's choices , from Rick Perry , who forgot during the 2012 presidential campaign that the Energy Department was the one he wanted to eliminate , to Treasury pick Steve Mnuchin , the former Goldman Sachs executive whom Democrats have dubbed the `` foreclosure king '' for his stake in OneWest Bank that profited from the foreclosure crisis .
Others nominees , such as retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for defense secretary , should easily win confirmation . First , though , Congress must pass a law allowing the former military man to serve in a civilian post .
There is a limit to what Democrats can do . Rules changes in 2013 allow some nominees , including Cabinet picks , to be confirmed with a simple majority , preventing Democrats from demanding 60 votes to move forward .
Supreme Court vacancy
Adding to the drama of the new Congress will be high-profile confirmation hearings for Trump 's nominee for the Supreme Court .
Justice Antonin Scalia died last February and Republicans refused to consider Obama 's nominee , Merrick Garland , insisting that the next president should fill the high court vacancy that 's now lasted more than 10 months .
Trump released a list of potential choices during the campaign that included Utah Sen. Mike Lee , who clerked for Justice Samuel Alito . Since the election , the president-elect also has met with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist , prompting talk about a possible nomination for the onetime presidential rival .
Trump has said he wants to nominate a justice who would help overturn Roe v. Wade , the 1973 decision that legalized abortion . Cruz and Lee would fulfill that pledge .
New face in leadership
The point man for Senate Democrats is Brooklyn-born Chuck Schumer , who will be a chief antagonist to fellow New Yorker Trump .
Schumer succeeds Nevada 's Harry Reid , who retired after five terms , and joins Congress ' top leaders -- Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Kentucky Republican , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat , and Speaker Ryan -- in what is certain to be tough negotiations next year on spending and policies .
Russian hacking
The first public hearing on the intelligence community 's assessment that Russia interfered in the U.S. election is Thursday in the Senate Armed Services Committee , with James Clapper , the director of national intelligence , set to testify . Expect individual panels to investigate , but not a special , high-profile select committee . McConnell has rejected that bipartisan call .
Manchester United have been drawn against Sevilla in the Champions League last-16 .
The Spanish side were opponents of United 's fierce rivals Liverpool in the group stages .
They drew both their games against the Reds – memorably fighting back from 0-3 down to draw 3-3 in their home game – but ultimately finished behind Jurgen Klopp 's side .
Sevilla coach Eduardo Berizzo underwent treatment for prostate cancer shortly after the conclusion of the group stages and is currently recovering at home .
United and Sevilla have never previously met in competitive fixtures .
SweetPro and Agri-Best Feeds teamed up to offer ranchers in drought areas of Montana an $ 80/ton discount on SweetPro between July 15 and Sept. 1 . Ranchers across the region took advantage of the drought relief discount . Agri-Best Feeds delivered over 1,060 tons of SweetPro directly to ranches suffering from D2 or higher drought which brought the total drought contribution of SweetPro and Agri-Best Feeds to over $ 85,000 .
SweetPro is a complete supplement that not only fills in the gaps where the grass is lacking ; it also helps cattle break their forage down better , resulting in cattle performing better on LESS grass . SweetPro 's nutritionist , Abe Scheaffer Ph . D. , states , “ The digestible fiber in SweetPro helps extend the use of a pasture , whereas the sugars in molasses or starches in grain increase forage consumption . ”
This true feed efficiency is important all of the time , but critical in drought situations . For more information on Agri-Best Feeds or SweetPro visit their website at www.agribestfeeds.com or call 866 601-6646 .
Singapore 's Home Team officers to get mobile classroom equipped with VR
It is able to train and assess how officers react in various day-to-day scenarios in 40 minutes .
Girl trying out VR at the Home Team Festival 2017 at the Singapore Sports Hub .
Credit : Home Team News Facebook
To ensure that Singapore 's home team officers are able to deal with various forms of attacks , the Home Team Academy is trialling a mobile classroom ( MobiC ) that is equipped with virtual reality ( VR ) technology .
MobiC is a mobile simulator platform that goes to different neighbourhood police centres to train officers in real scenarios—such as domestic disputes , coffee shop incidents and terrorism acts—using VR . It is able to train and assess 16 officers in 40 minutes , according to The Straits Times article .
`` One way to [ prepare our officers for various real scenarios ] is to use simulators . This gives them an immersive and interactive environment , and it provides immediate feedback , '' K Shanmugam , Singapore 's Minister for Home Affairs and Law , said at the Home Team Academy Workplan Seminar 2017 on 13 June 2017 .
`` [ MobiC has ] the advantage of being realistic , bite-sized and the training is brought to the ground . And [ if ] they do it there , it is much more likely that they will train , as opposed to rostering officers to go somewhere else , '' he added .
The Home Team will also roll out a Home Team Simulation System . This virtual command post will allow officers to face a range of situations and test their decision-making skills in different scenarios .
Encouraging learning on-the-go
To further aid training , a mobile app is being developed to facilitate access to the Home Team Learning Management System ( HTLMS ) , a one-stop portal that was launched last October to support officers ' learning needs . The app will enable officers to access learning materials at any time and any place , and learn at their own pace , said Mr Shanmugam .
Besides that , the Home Team Academy and training schools are increasing their online learning materials , and working to develop bite-sized training packages .
Mr Shanmugam shared that the mobile app and online learning packages aim to encourage officers to learn on-the-go . This is in response to the low take up rate of the HTLMS due to it not being interactive enough and officers not having the time to log into their accounts .
Other training initiatives include strengthening joint operations between officers and civilians across the Home Team , and `` running a customised , specialised programme that is jointly developed with NIE International for Home Team trainers '' , said the Minister .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
LOS ANGELES ( CBSMiami/AP ) — Three suspects were charged Tuesday with kidnapping two people from a Los Angeles home and holding one of them naked in a bathtub for 30 hours while demanding the other pay a $ 10,000 ransom , prosecutors said .
Keith Andre Stewart , Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were charged with kidnapping , assault with a firearm and other offense in connection with the May 3 incident . It was not immediately clear whether they had attorneys who could comment on the allegations
Neal 's arrest at gunpoint by Los Angeles police officers on Monday was captured on video by a bystander and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter . It was n't immediately known when the others were taken into custody .
UPDATE : The woman in this video was one of three suspects charged today with kidnapping two people from a Los Angeles home and holding one of them naked in a bathtub for 30 hours while demanding the other pay a $ 10,000 ransom , according to prosecutors . https : //t.co/40GK3FFs5u https : //t.co/CHSfV6YrIl — Mike Balsamo ( @ MikeBalsamo1 ) July 4 , 2018
Prosecutors allege the trio went to actress Daisy McCrackin 's home in South Los Angeles on May 3 , where they say Stewart pistol-whipped a man who was in the home , actor Joseph Capone . The three then placed bags over the two victims ' heads and drove them several miles to Jones ' home in Compton , prosecutors said .
Once they were at Jones ' home , the suspects forced Capone to strip naked and then held him in a bathtub for 30 hours without food , prosecutors allege .
Investigators said Jones and Neal then took McCrackin 's car and drove her to several different banks while demanding she pay $ 10,000 for Capone 's release . Eventually she was forced to write a $ 10,000 check to Neal , prosecutors said .
The next day , they brought McCrackin — an actress who has appeared in several films including the horror flick Halloween : Resurrection — back to her home , where she escaped from them and called police , authorities said .
Jones and Neil were being held on $ 1 million each and Steward was being held on more than $ 2 million bail , according to prosecutors . If convicted , they each potentially face sentences of up to life in prison .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Nigerian Army troops have rescued 1,623 residents in an operation to clear out Boko Haram terrorists from Jarawa community in Kala Balge Local Government Area of Borno State . A statement from the Army spokesman , Brigadier General Sani Usman , said troops of Three Battalion , 22 Brigades on Operation Lafiya Dole , had launched an offensive on a … Continue reading Troops Rescue 1,623 Boko Haram Captives In Jarawa
The post Troops Rescue 1,623 Boko Haram Captives In Jarawa appeared first on Channels Television .
The recession is receding , the Federal Government said yesterday .
Proof : the about eight-fold over subscription of the government 's Eurobond ( orders in excess of US $ 7.8 billion compared to a pre-issuance target of US $ 1bn ) .
Besides , the oversubscription , the government believes , has confirmed the confidence level of the international investment community in Nigeria 's economic reform agenda .
A report in Issue 23 of Aso Villa 's Newsletter , Government at Work , released on Monday , also gave 11 other reasons why the government believes that the economy is on its way out of recession .
After two consecutive quarters of negative growth , according to the newsletter , the non-oil economy witnessed in Q3 2016 a modest return to positive territory at 0.03 % .
It attributed this marginal growth to the continued good performance of agriculture and solid minerals , two sectors prioritised by the Federal Government .
According to it , agriculture grew by 4.54 % in the quarter ; crop production is at nearly 5 % – its highest since the first quarter of 2014 .
Growth in the solid mineral sector , the newsletter said , averaged about 7 % .
The second reason why the government believes the economy is recovering is the Anchor Borrowers Programme ( ABP ) of the Central Bank of Nigeria , which it said substantially raised local rice production in 2016 ( yields improved from two tonnes per hectare to as much as seven tonnes per hectare , in some states ) and produced a model agricultural collaboration between Lagos and Kebbi states .
Thirdly , it said that the Fertiliser Intervention Project ( which involves a partnership with the Government of Morocco , for the supply of phosphate ) is on course to significantly raise local production , and bring the retail price of fertiliser down by about 30 percent .
Another reason given by the government is the taking off of the newly established Development Bank of Nigeria ( DBN ) , with initial funding of US $ 1.3bn ( provided by the World Bank , German Development Bank , the African Development Bank and Agence Française de Development ) to provide medium and long-term loans to MSMEs .
The newsletter states : “ A new Social Housing Programme is kicking off in 2017 . The ‘ Family Homes Fund ' will take off with a 100 billion naira provision in the 2017 Budget . ( The rest of the funding will come from the private sector ) .
“ More than N800 billion has been released for capital expenditure in the 2016 budget , since implementation started in June 2016 . This is the largest ever capital spend within a single budget year in the history of Nigeria . These monies have enabled the resumption of work on several stalled projects – road , rail and power projects – across the country . ”
The government also gave the implementation of the Social Investment and Empowerment Programme ( SIP ) as a reason for growth of the economy .
All the four components of the SIP , it noted , have now taken off .
The newsletter described the SIP as the largest and most ambitious social safety net programme in the history of Nigeria , with more than 1 million beneficiaries so far : – 200,000 N-Power beneficiaries , 23,400 Government Enterprise and Empowerment ( GEEP ) Scheme beneficiaries , 1,000,000 Homegrown School Feeding Programme ( HGSFP ) beneficiaries , and ongoing Conditional Cash Transfer ( CCT ) payments across nine pilot states .
It said : “ Strategic Engagements with OPEC and in the Niger Delta have played an important part in raising our expected oil revenues . Already , Nigeria 's External Reserves have grown by more than $ 4 billion in the last three months .
“ Collaboration with China , proceeding from President Buhari 's April 2016 visit , has unlocked a billion of dollars in infrastructure funding . Construction will begin on the first product of that collaboration , a 150km/hour rail line between Lagos and Ibadan , in Q1 2017 .
“ The National Economic Recovery and Growth Plan ( NERGP ) , the Federal Government 's medium-term Economic Plan , is due for launch in February 2017 , and will chart a course for the Nigerian economy over the next four years ( 2017 – 2020 ) . ” it stated
The post Economy going out of recession , says Fed Govt appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
myGov update fails on promises and potential
Even after a revamp , myGov is failing to live up to its potential .
The federal government 's `` timely revamp '' of the myGov website rolled out over the past weekend was a dramatic improvement from its existing version , but remains far from a highly intuitive and engaging user experience .
The joint project between the Department of Human Services , the Digital Transformation Agency and the Australian Tax Office ultimately failed to live up to its potential as a vital tool facilitating simple and easy to use digital experiences .
Whilst the site has progressed to a functional level post-update , there are long but simple strides to be taken before the site can truly be user-intuitive .
What myGov was , pre-update
Signing in to myGov was a difficult and lengthy process - the government acknowledges this - with users requiring an 8-digit username and verification code sent to their mobile phone to sign in .
Navigation on the site between services and links was confusing . Member services were not prominent , making it difficult for users to identify appropriate links . Linking and logging into these services also required users to submit their details again , despite the portal having - and displaying ( see below ) - these details . No load indicators were displayed to notify the user that their submission was in progress .
What myGov is now , post-update
Within just a few days since the update going live , sign-ins have already increased by 37 % , which according to the government proves just how difficult the previous sign-in process was . The new process gives users the additional option to sign in with their email . Passwords are also now easier to recover , but the site still requires mobile verification .
The government has made the explicit effort to make the member services logos more prominent , but this is only partly true . Whilst the logos are more prominent when an account is already linked ( see below , left ) , when trying to view a new account only black and white text indicates the users ' options , with no logos to support .
Consequently , while this site has been built for the entire Australian population , they 've completely removed any visual cues . Those visually impaired or dyslexic will struggle more than others to identify which service they are trying to link .
Furthermore , data-duplication is still evident , as are the lack of load indicators .
What myGov could be
It 's important to get myGov right for a number of reasons , the most predominant being the amount of users ; 10 million users making 242,000 log-ins every day - twice as many as two years ago , according to the government .
There a number of ways the site could be improved - the most predominant being :
1 2 Next Page
Cambrian Training knows apprenticeships form an important part of developing skills and training in the workplace in Wales no matter what sector you are in or how large or small your business is .
From April 2017 there will be changes to the way apprenticeships are funded with the UK government introducing the Apprenticeship Levy , which will also impact on eligible businesses in Wales .
However , the Welsh Government has stressed that its commitment and delivery of apprenticeships remains unchanged by the introduction of the levy and all employers will continue to have access to its apprenticeship programme .
So what is the Apprenticeship Levy ?
The Apprenticeship Levy will be collected from any employer that has a pay bill of more than £3million each year . They will pay 0.5 per cent of their pay bill towards the levy , although there is an allowance of £15,000 per year .
Any business that has a pay bill under £3million will not have to pay the levy .
The idea is that the money raised through the levy will be invested back into apprenticeships . In England , employers will access funding for apprenticeships through a new digital voucher system .
This will not be the case in Wales where businesses will continue to access their apprenticeship delivery through the existing Welsh Government procurement network of quality assured training providers , such as Cambrian Training .
How will it affect an employer in Wales ?
In short , the Apprenticeship Levy will only affect employers in Wales with a pay bill of more than £3 million . They will pay their levy direct to HMRC through existing PAYE arrangements .
For all other employers , they will continue to access apprenticeship delivery through training providers such as Cambrian Training . So , for the time being there will be no direct impact on the way employers procure apprenticeship training or provision .
For more information , please contact Katy Godsell , marketing manager at Cambrian Training Company , on Tel : 01938 555 893 or visit : www.cambriantraining.com
Anil Kapoor is one of the oldest players of Race 3 franchise and director Remo D'souza revealed the entry scene .
The actor who played inspector RD with a humorous take in the previous installments will be seen in an action avatar in Race 3 .
ALSO READ : Life After Sridevi 's Death ! Daughter Janhvi Kapoor Opens Up Like Never Before In Her First Interview
The 61-year-old actor , who plays the role of a business tycoon Shamsher in the film will be introduced through a `` high octane '' action scene .
To add to it all , the blockbuster action scene we will see no body double because Anil Kapoor has decided to do the stunts himself
Anil Kapoor 's entry scene was initially planned to be on a comparatively smaller scale but after a discussion with the stunt directors , Remo decided to make it real big .
When asked Remo about it he said , `` Though initially visualized on a small scale , we decided to make it larger than life . I designed the scene with the action directors ( Tom Struthers and Anil Arsu ) . Anil sir refused to use a body double . He underwent training sessions in Abu Dabhi before we shot it . ''
The actor even underwent training sessions ahead of his stunts in the film .
Earlier there were several rumors that Anil is playing Salman 's father in Race 3 . However the actor had denied these reports and said , `` I wish I was , that 's not true . But as an actor I am even open to playing Amitabh Bachchan saab 's father or Ranveer Singh 's brother . ''
Remo D'Souza takes the Race franchise to an all-time high with action a notch higher and suspense that will leave you at the edge of your seats .
The trailer of Race 3 gave glimpses of never seen before action stunts in India proving to be a treat to the audience . The film boasts of high octane stunts proving to be a visual delight for fans across all quarters .
Marking the festive season of Eid , Race 3 proves to be a complete festive bonanza , with action , family drama , suspense , romance and promise of blockbuster songs .
Starring an ensemble cast of Salman Khan , Jacqueline Fernandez , Anil Kapoor , Bobby Deol , Saqib Saleem and Daisy Shah , the action thriller is undoubtedly one of the most awaited films .
Produced by Salman Khan Films and Ramesh Taurani under the banner of Tips Films , Race 3 is directed by Remo D'souza and will hit theatrical screens on 15th June 2018 .
ALSO READ : Aishwarya Rai Bachchan PUNISHED Abhishek Bachchan For Disliking Broccoli By Doing This !
Nigeria 's Ministry of Mines and Steel Development has accused the management of BUA Group of using armed militia , soldiers and policemen to mine marble and limestone in mining sites allocated to the Dangote Group .
The Ministry , in a statement signed by its Permanent Secretary , Mohammed Abass , also alleged that the company has been using a combination of armed militia , soldiers and policemen to obstruct the ministry 's team from executing the stop work order issued to the company in October .
The ministry 's statement was in response to an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari by the company alleging that a minister was involved in sabotaging its operations .
Abass said that in the records of the Ministry of Mines and Steel Development and the Nigerian Mining Cadastre Office , the BUA Group did not have a mining lease over the contentious site ( No . 2541ML ) and was therefore engaged in illegal mining .
He stated , “ The ministry stands by the stop work order issued to the BUA Group and signed by the Permanent Secretary dated 17th of October 2017 . ”
“ The letter was issued after thorough investigation confirmed that the BUA Group was indeed engaging in illegal mining of marble/limestone at a mine pit located on geographical coordinates N070 21 ' 47.4 ' E0060 26 ' 51.8 ' , while the run-of-mine is stockpiled at an area with geographical coordinates N070 21 ' 48.4 ' ; E0060 26'37.2 ' . ”
“ Clarification provided by the Mining Cadastre Office shows that the coordinates of the mine pit and RoM stockpile area fall wholly within the area of mining Lease No 2541ML belonging to Messrs Dangote Industries Limited . ”
Abass added , “ The ministry had earlier in 2015 issued a stop work order on this same disputed site but the BUA Group disregarded the order and went ahead with its illegal mining activities , under heavy cover of armed soldiers , policemen and men of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps . ”
“ The management of BUA also resisted the enforcement of the latest stop work order issued on October 17 , 2017 using a combination of armed militia , soldiers and policemen to obstruct the team from the ministry in effecting the stop work order . ”
He added that the ministry would not compromise due process in its commitment to promote local and global investments in the Nigerian mining sector .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Twitter 's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
In response to recent reports of increased crime in the Negev 's Beduin communities , Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan on Tuesday ordered the Israel Police to open a new police station in the South .
It will become the first station to be opened in the area in 15 years .
This decision was made in an emergency meeting Erdan convened in Beersheba “ to combat the phenomenon the use of illegal weapons and violent driving in the roads of the Negev. ” Some recent crimes were recorded on videos and drew the attention of the media.In one video , young Beduin are seen recklessly driving , some with their upper bodies out of the vehicle , as they shoot guns toward the sky.At the Beersheba meeting it was also decided to bolster the entire Border Police Southern District in order to strengthen law enforcement in the Beduin sector , and to place road cameras throughout the region , so “ police forces could respond more efficiently and as quickly as possible to crimes in the area , ” according to a statement.Erdan said after the meeting that he expects the police to use every means to strengthen increase the sense of security for residents in the area. “ In recent years I acted to give the police the means to fight crime in the Arab and the Beduin sector , ” he said . “ We should do everything possible to enforce the law in Beduin areas and act against the illegal weapons phenomenon and risky driving. ” Erdan said he will submit a bill to the cabinet that will allow up to five years in prison as punishment for illegally discharging firearms. “ It is a dramatic change that reflects how severe this offense is , ” he said .
Brother ‘ begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life '
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Markers warning paramedics that they may face violence or aggression have been placed on nearly 50 properties in Wigan .
In the past year North West Ambulance Service ( NWAS ) has placed 19 violence and aggression markers on properties in the borough , according to figures released under of freedom of information laws .
Aggression markers are placed on addresses when individuals have previously demonstrated threatening behaviour or physical violence towards ambulance crews .
They warn paramedics to proceed with caution and in some cases , can mean police officers are also requested to attend as well to ensure their safety .
This is an increase from just five in 2014 - although the markers have only been recorded since August that year - and 15 in 2015 .
A spokesman for NWAS said this was only ever done using a robust system and they are constantly reviewed to ensure the safety of its staff .
He said : “ Our ambulance crews work extremely hard to help people and save lives and it is unfortunate that the trust has to put such measures in place to protect our crews from violence .
“ The trust has a robust system for the application and review of violence and aggression address markers in the region .
“ Violence and aggression flags are applied to specific addresses to ensure the safety of our staff , allowing the trust to understand where violent or aggressive patients reside .
“ Flags applied to a specific address may be a result of previous experiences of our crews when responding to incidents .
“ Flags applied to addresses are supported by incident reports , providing evidence as to why the flag is in place and are regularly reviewed .
“ When responding to incidents at such addresses our staff will be informed if a patient has a history of violent or aggressive behaviour and will proceed with caution .
“ If crews attend incidents at the addresses of patients with a history of more serious violence the crews may be escorted by the police . ”
Jeff Gorman , NWAS UNISON Branch Secretary , which represents paramedics , said they often face violence when the call has been made by a passerby and not the person requiring attention .
He said : “ Ambulance staff sometimes attend incidents that have been reported by a passerby .
“ The person who needs help might not know that the ambulance is coming , and sometimes they respond with hostility or even violence towards ambulance staff .
“ This is especially the case if the patient is under the influence of drink or drugs , or is particularly distressed .
“ Ambulance staff often have to negotiate access or consent in order to assist a patient . They work in uncontrolled environments where they have to expect the unexpected .
“ The robust system of flagging properties where there have been problems in the past is useful in alerting crews to where they need to exercise extra caution . ”
( CBS Local ) – An animal behaviorist is giving shelter cats a hand in getting adopted by loving families . In an effort to make them more adoptable , cats are learning how to give their new owners a friendly high-five .
Jackson Galaxy , host of the TV series “ My Cat From Hell , ” has created a project known as Cat Pawsitive , which aims to help felines maintain their social skills while waiting to be adopted . “ The genesis of Cat Pawsitive stemmed from the simple desire to duplicate the ‘ AHA ! ' moment I had in the early stages of my life with cats as a shelter worker , ” Jackson told Mother Nature Network .
“ Big life changes can lead to cats losing their mojo , their confidence and their raw cat essence , ” Cat Pawsitive manager Christie Rogero added . “ When suddenly faced with a noisy shelter or an unfamiliar foster home , even the most outgoing and friendly cats can become nervous , shut down or even just bored . This can lead to behaviors that make them seem less ‘ adoptable . ' ”
According to reports , nearly 30 shelters have joined The Jackson Galaxy Project in order to teach their furry residents how to sit , jump , and even high-five on command . Another 50 shelters around the country are excepted to join the cat training program by the end of 2018 .
“ They get the kind of enrichment that cats need to be themselves and show their true personalities to potential adopters . This helps them to make connections and to get adopted more quickly , ” Rogero said .
The Federal Communications Commission will offer temporary emergency waivers to Jewish Community Centers so they can obtain numbers for blocked callers in the wake of numerous bombs threats against the ...
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
Kentucky Attorney General Andy Beshear calls House Bill 281 dangerous . He tells us it would keep him and future attorneys general from making sure your state government is following the law .
The bill could take some of his suing power away . Beshear would still be able to pursue certain charges , including Medicaid fraud . However , it would prohibit Beshear from filing lawsuits against Gov . Matt Bevin .
Beshear says each suit he 's filed has n't been about Republicans versus Democrats , but rather about checks and balances . “ Whether he intended to or not , the governor has been caught violating the law twice . Once , he illegally cut university budgets . The Supreme Court said that 's not legal ; you can not do it . The second time , he dissolved a whole university governing board and ended up with their accreditation on probation . What this bill would do would potentially strip my ability to bring those suits . The governor could violate the law , and only he could decide to sue himself , ” Beshear said .
His father , former Gov . Steve Beshear , has been in the national spotlight , speaking for the Democratic Party recently in rebuttal to President Donald Trump 's congressional address . The attorney general says he does n't believe his father will pursue higher office .
It 's been speculated that the Beshear will consider a run for governor himself in 2019 , He did not confirm or deny that to us . “ I love serving as Kentucky 's attorney general . I 've only been on it for about 14 months . My goal right now is to work as hard as I can in this job and make as much change as I can , '' he said . `` We 'll see how the future turns out , but I believe that if I do a good job , hopefully in whatever endeavor that is , the people of Kentucky will want me to do more . ”
While online sales are continually growing , so are sales at Brick and Mortar stores .
FOX40 caught up with some shoppers who are choosing to shop in-person rather than online this holiday season .
Bob Harlec of Johnson City was out buying his first gifts of the season for his wife .
“ In past years I 've used the internet and shopped that way , but this year I 'm going to the stores and doing it . ”
Harlec chose to shop in-store this year because the experience is something you ca n't get online .
“ You can actually see the products you 're buying , where as when you shop online , you ca n't really pick them up and feel them and touch them . ”
Harlec is n't alone . Allison Sarnicola of Binghamton feels the same way .
“ I 'm finding that it 's a lot more pleasant to come out . Usually in the past I would n't . I 'd be more likely to go on Amazon or something and buy . ”
Sarnicola was shopping for her fourteen-year-old daughter . She says there are many reasons why she chose to switch up her shopping routine .
“ The weather was a little bit more pleasant this year , I just was out and about a little bit more , and I started earlier . The prices are good , the stores are empty , so I 'm enjoying it . ”
According to a study by Retail Touchpoints , 94 % of all retail sales still take place in stores .
At J.C. Penney in the Oakdale Mall , General Manager Mark Barnes said sales are great .
“ Our traffic has been great , customers have really responded to the adds that we 've had . ”
So great that Penney 's has hired 35 new holiday workers to keep up with the increasing demand in-store and online .
The retail giant has a new service that allows shoppers to order items online and pick them up in-store .
“ Customers have really responded to that particular piece , it 's a nice timesaver plus it gets you the opportunity to come in and shop for something else . ”
Although Black Friday and Cyber Monday are behind us , there are still plenty of deals out there for your holiday gifts .
Now through December 21st , J.C. Penney is offering free shipping on orders over $ 49 or more . Order by December 15th for guaranteed delivery for in-store pickup by Christmas . The store is also offering new merchandise .
“ We have several new categories of merchandise this year . For example we 're carrying a larger assortment of toys including legos , we have great gift items including a charging wallet , and we also added appliances and TV 's this year . ”
Jason Gay : A depressing report from Rio underlines the economic and moral hazard of the Olympics .
Source : : World News
iStock/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — If you woke up this morning feeling extra dry , you 're not alone .
Winter is notorious for stripping us of our natural moisture , whether you normally have oily skin , dry skin or even combination . We 're all going through a little dry period when it comes to our faces .
Whether it 's bracing the wintry elements while being outside , or even being stripped of moisture because you have the heat blasting indoors , face it : It 's a tough couple of months for moisture .
But it 's especially important to stay hydrated — and not just on your body but on your face in particular . So along with naming our favorite face moisturizers under $ 70 , we 've also tapped a few beauty bloggers and fashion writers to tell us their favorite finds .
Glossier 's Priming Moisturizer Rich
“ Glossier 's Priming Moisturizer Rich ( $ 35 ) is ballin ' on a budget . It provides a luxe experience from the packaging to the actual product quality itself . Many opt to use this during the winter months ( opposed to the brand 's original priming moisturizer during spring/summer ) because of its thickness and super hydrating properties , but I use it year-round because it 's that good. ” – Morgan Pitts , representative for Glossier .
Neutrogena Hydro Boost Water Gel
“ Neutrogena Hydro Boost Water Gel ( $ 18.99 ) goes on smooth and leaves your skin feeling full of moisture without any residue or heavy feel . Because it 's more of a gel , it sets right into the skin and leaves it feeling bright and light ! ” – Kelly McCarthy , digital reporter at ABC News .
IT Cosmetics Secret Sauce
“ IT Cosmetics Secret Sauce Anti-Aging moisturizer ( $ 68 ) has been my go-to all winter . It works overtime to reduce discoloration , lines , and wrinkles . With key ingredients like anti-aging collagen , peptides , hyaluronic acid , vitamin C and licorice root , the secret really is in the sauce . – Ty Alexander , creator of Gorgeous in Grey .
Shaffali Organic Orange Blossom Facial Moisture
“ My facialist at HeyDay spa recommended I try Shaffali Organic Orange Blossom Facial Moisture ( $ 48 ) and I see why . If you have sensitive skin like me , it 's great because it 's organic and offers vitamin E , vitamin A and vitamin C. Plus , I only have to apply it once a day without it feeling heavy . I use it year-round , but during the winter months , I add one drop of carrot seed oil to make it last just a bit longer . Carrot seed oil also helps with anti-aging. ” – Joi-Marie McKenzie , beauty/style writer for Good Morning America .
Murad Oil-Control Mattifer
“ Murad Oil-Control Mattifer SPF 15++ moisturizer ( $ 40 ) is a godsend because it absorbs oil for up to eight hours , but also provides broad spectrum protection from the sun . Plus , it detoxifies my acne-prone skin — which means less breakouts ! ” – Channing Hargrove , fashion news writer at Refinery 29 .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Trey McKinney Jones , of the Mad Ants , works to drive the ball past the defense of Canton 's Jonathan Holmes in the first half of Tuesday 's game at the Memorial Coliseum .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Rakeem Christmas , of the Mad Ants , looks to drive the ball throught Canton 's defense in the first half of Tuesday 's game at the Memorial Coliseum .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Stephan Hicks , of the Mad Ants , drives the ball down the court in the first half of Tuesday 's game against Canton Charge at the Memorial Coliseum .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Mad Ants ' Jordan Loyd goes up to the basket in the first half of Tuesday 's game against Canton Charge at the Memorial Coliseum .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Julyan Stone , of the Mad Ants , drives the ball down the court in the first half of Tuesday 's game against Canton Charge at the Memorial Coliseum .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Trey McKinney Jones , of the Mad Ants , drives the ball down the court in the first half of Tuesday 's game against Canton Charge at the Memorial Coliseum .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Ben Bentil , of the Made Ants , keeps an eye on the ball as Canton 's John Holland brings the ball down the court in the third quarter of Tuesday 's game at the Memorial Coliseum .
Michelle Davies | The Journal Gazette
Mad Ants ' Trey McKinney Jones is fouled by Canton 's Quinn Cook in the third quarter of Tuesday 's game at the Memorial Coliseum .
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before : the world 's largest clean room , kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination , where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch .
Murad 's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits ; the replica of the massive new space telescope , the most powerful ever built , that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang .
Murad is obsessed with space . He has been ever since he was three , back in his home country Uzbekistan . His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space , and he could n't stop looking at the images of the solar system . Soon after , he told his parents his dream : He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA .
On this recent day , he was getting a private tour of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad 's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year . In January , NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens . The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010 , when Murad was nine . When they first landed in Kansas City , Murad spoke no English . Now , heading into his junior year of high school , he 's on an accelerated track , taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses .
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio , and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad 's goal is to work for NASA . He emailed NPR that same day , that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard . `` I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy , '' he wrote .
Cool , indeed . The connection was made , emails were exchanged , and last week , at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman , Murad and his mother , Limara Rahimova , made the trip to Goddard outside Washington , D.C. Schnittman , an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes , spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science .
Murad was clearly in his element , sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars , and a line from the movie : `` the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy . ''
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they 'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space . They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch . They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves . `` Amazing , '' Murad marveled .
Back in his office , ( `` black hole central , '' as he calls it ) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes . Naturally , they both share a hero in Albert Einstein , whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk . `` It 's remarkable , '' Schnittman said . `` It 's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff , and still , everything is Einstein . Einstein , Einstein , Einstein . ''
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel , Schnittman sounded optimistic . `` It 's really not that much of a stretch to say that we 're one step closer to time travel , '' he told Murad . `` This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago . According to the theory , the equations , time travel should be possible . The trick is just building it and getting it to work , but as far as we can tell , there 's no rule against it . ''
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch .
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows `` the sheer awesomeness , the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe . All these petty fights that people have between themselves , they are just insignificant . When you start thinking about space , you get lost in the vastness of it . That 's what captivates me the most . ''
Now that he 's a U.S. citizen , he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach . He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did . Murad was at school the day they took the oath : `` I came home and looked at my parents , and felt all this pride , '' he said . `` You could sense that something has changed . They were smiling from ear to ear . ''
For his mother , Limara , becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way . `` I felt before like I 'm between countries , '' she said . `` But now I feel like I 'm staying ... both my feet here in this land . ''
Limara works at a school , and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance . Before , she said , `` it did n't touch me . But now , yes ! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means . And it means , for me , a lot . ''
As for Murad ? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech , and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading . `` Some people , they tell me to try to get a real job , '' he said , `` of maybe not shooting so high . But nah . I 'm shooting for it . I 'm gon na chase my dreams . ''
Meantime , there 's a celestial show about to happen , one he 's been excited about for years : the total solar eclipse .
Murad 's hometown , Kansas City , is a perfect spot to see it : right in the path of totality .
Next Monday he will be outside , watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun , and dreaming big dreams of space .
Sanju : Ranbir Kapoor ने खोला 11 साल बाद बड़ा राज , `` मैंने भी नशे के लिए ... '' | FilmiBeat
Ranbir Kapoor is basking in the glory of his latest release Sanju and the movie has already made a whopping Rs 167.51 Crore at the box office . The Sanjay Dutt biopic shows the actor doing drugs , including using injections to get high and during an interview with Deccan Chronicle , Ranbir Kapoor revealed that he too did drugs during his younger days , but has stopped all of that . He stated that he 's addicted to something which is worse than drugs now and wants to stop it .
`` I have tried drugs when I was in college and got into bad influence . But I realised that nothing will happen in life if I continue with drugs . When we did that section , I did a lot of research . Every man makes mistakes in his life . I am addicted to nicotine now and it 's worse than drugs . And I have addiction for sweets as well . ''
A Bronx principal spent taxpayer money on an Internet reputation service to silence her online critics . Charlette Pope , chief of Banana Kelly HS in the South Bronx , used her Department ...
The principal of Banana Kelly HS in the South Bronx has faked classroom observations of her faculty , staffers charge . “ She 's destroyed the integrity of the whole evaluation system , ” an insider ...
Dramatic dashcam footage shows the moment a woman was struck by a vehicle Tuesday morning near downtown Las Vegas .
The video , provided to FOX5 by Mingo Collaso , shows a hit and run at the intersection of Maryland Parkway and St. Louis Avenue about 10:15 a.m. Las Vegas Metro police said the woman who was hit was taken to Sunrise Trauma with broken bones , but was expected to be okay .
The driver fled the scene in a green SUV , potentially a Ford Explorer , police said . The vehicle had not been found by Tuesday night .
Anyone with information about the whereabouts of the vehicle is urged to call Metro police at 702-828-3111 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
A 36-year-old woman has admitted stealing clothes worth over £400 .
But she denied going equipped for theft when she appeared last Thursday at Banbridge Magistrates Court .
Ellen Ward , Carnmore Rise , Enniskillen , pleaded not guilty to going equipped for theft with tactix wire snips at Bridgewater Park in Banbridge on October 16 last year .
She did admit two theft charges on the same day , the first involving clothing worth £341.90 and the other involving clothing valued at £61.50 .
Her solicitor asked for an adjournment until April 27 for the prosecution to consider the first charge or fix a date for a contest .
The `` Real Housewife of New York '' cleared up rumors about her split with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy — kind of .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
It is odd that money is not flowing to EM infrastructure
The lawmaker representing Degema Constituency in the Rivers State House of Assembly , Hon . Farah Dagogo says good leadership is fundamental to the growth and sustainability of Nigeria .
Dagogo who made this known via a statement marking Nigeria 's 57th Independence celebration , enjoined citizens of the country to use the occasion to remember and celebrate the bravery of Nigeria 's national heroes who laid down their lives in course of the struggle for the nation 's Independence .
The lawmaker who is also the chairman House Committee on Education , urged all and sundry to use the occasion to take inventory of how well the nation has faired since her independence in the face of the numerous challenges bedeviling the country .
He stressed the need for unity and peaceful coexistence amongst citizens , while urging fellow political leaders of the country at all levels to place public interests above their political or personal interests , in order to realise the yearnings and aspirations of the masses .
According to him , “ As we remember and celebrate the bravery of our national heroes who gave us Independence , there is no better time than this Independence Day anniversary to take stock of how far we have gone , especially in the face of the numerous challenges bedeviling our country .
“ Our national heroes believed that by uniting we stand and by dividing we fall and I agree no less . Every citizen should have a sense of belonging wherever they find themselves .
“ Also very fundamental to us as a nation , we need good leaders , leaders who we all can trust , the kind of leaders who always put public interests above their political or personal interests , so that the yearnings and aspirations of the commoners can be realised .
“ We all must rise to the great task of building social trust between the government and the governed . By so doing , we can have peace and stability in our country as well as having our dreams of a new tomorrow come true ” , part of the statement reads .
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
CHICAGO ( CBS ) — The biggest names in the hotel booking business…may not offer the best deals . Dorothy Tucker tells you where to search to save hundreds of dollars on your next trip .
They promise the best deal or the deepest discount .
To read the full article from CBS Chicago , click here .
Uncertainty about husband 's whereabouts : Woman seeks divorce from “ relative ”
A housewife , Hauwa Musa , on Tuesday approached a Mararaba Upper Area Court , Nasarawa State , to demand for divorce from her husband 's family , as she can not establish whether he is alive or dead . Hauwa told the court that the respondent , one Mr Musa Dangudu , who is a farmer and resides at One Man Village , is an [ … ]
The post Uncertainty about husband 's whereabouts : Woman seeks divorce from “ relative ” appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO , ONTARIO -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - Canadian Apartment Properties Real Estate Investment Trust ( `` CAPREIT '' ) ( TSX : CAR.UN ) announced today its April 2017 monthly distribution in the amount of $ 0.10666 per Unit ( or $ 1.28 on an annualized basis ) . The April distribution will be payable on May 15 , 2017 to Unitholders of record on April 28 , 2017 .
To encourage participation and reward our loyal Unitholders , investors registered in our Distribution Reinvestment Plan will continue to receive an additional amount equal to 5 % of their distributions paid in the form of additional Units .
As one of Canada 's largest residential landlords , CAPREIT is a growth-oriented investment trust owning interests in 48,773 residential units , comprised of 42,322 residential suites and 31 manufactured home communities comprising 6,451 land lease sites , located in and near major urban centres across Canada and The Netherlands . Since its Initial Public Offering in May 1997 , CAPREIT has grown monthly cash distributions per Unit by 79 % . For more information about CAPREIT , its business and its investment highlights , please refer to our website at www.caprent.com or www.capreit.net and our public disclosure , which can be found under our profile at www.sedar.com .
Actor Katrina Kaif feels it 's extremely important for people to empower women around them and says she now tries to actively support and encourage her contemporaries .
Katrina says a lot of things start with mindset change and `` we need to think what we are doing for women around us '' .
`` Recently , I 've become more aware of this , even subconsciously , do we really support our contemporaries- in whatever industry you 're in ? I try to support women who are around me as much as I can in my work space . Sometimes a competitive mindset can actually stop you from doing that , '' Katrina told reporters here .
The `` Tiger Zinda Hai '' actor says she tries to do whatever she can within her capacity .
`` Am I lifting up the women around me , am I doing what I can to support , encourage or to help them grow ? Rather than just see what they can do for me , I do whatever I can to encourage them to better in their profession . ''
Katrina was speaking at an event of Educate Girls , of which she is the brand ambassador .
When asked about the perception that actors , especially female stars , do n't have an opinion on important things , Katrina said people have an opinion but there is no compulsion that one has to always make a comment .
`` I have seen it myself that when you talk about politics , matters regarding government , a lot of actors , because they are not in politics , do n't feel the need to comment .
`` There 's a big difference between having an opinion at your home , and speaking about it on a public platform , or having an opinion about a social cause like this . ''
Katrina said if one does not want to talk about a certain topic , it does not mean that they are not aware of it .
`` I ca n't speak about everyone because there are different situations and everyone is different . But many times , I do n't feel like taking about a topic . It does n't mean I do n't have an opinion on it but maybe it is not the right time and place to talk about it .
Credits - PTI
Project info
“ The camera is an excuse to be someplace you otherwise do n't belong . It gives me both a point of connection and a point of separation. ” Susan Meiselas
Although I have lived in the United States from Canada for twenty years , I had never attended a state fair .
These images were from my first experience of attending the local fair .
Exclusive : An expat 's career in Malaysia 's Digital Economy
Hailing from Germany in 1992 , Hans Juergen has built a lifetime career in Malaysia 's IT sector and witnessed the growth of Digital Malaysia .
Credit : GraphicStock
Some skilled expatriates in Malaysia are at the point of achieving lifetime career contributions to the country 's Digital Malaysia drive , which is being promoted by the Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation ( MDEC ) as well as other government agencies .
When I was wearing an earlier hat as human resources strategy consultant with one of the global firms , I often heard the phrase about `` employees are the lifeblood of an organisation . '' Thousands of HR departments around the globe tout lists of initiatives they 're passionate about implementing because they believe they can improve retention , engagement , ramp time and so on .
Yet it 's often forgotten that loyalty works both ways . With my Computerworld Malaysia hat on , I recently spoke to one expatriate who shed some light into what it was like to work for the same company for close to three decades : Hans-Juergen Mikudim , who is currently Chief Engineering Architect at the enterprise solutions provider SAP Malaysia .
Hans was born in Heidelberg , Germany but lived in Waldorf , a town in the state of Baden-Württemberg , until 1993 . Perhaps it was the fact that Waldorf is the headquarters of SAP that led to him joining as employee number 838 in 1989 .
Throughout his career in SAP , Hans has played various roles in the company , including as system analyst , SAP Technology Consultant , SAP Manager Technical Consulting , Support Manager , Director Support , Head of Mission Control Centre , South East Asia .
In 1992 , Hans came to Malaysia for an assignment with Petronas and formally joined SAP Malaysia in July 1993 , making him today SAP Malaysia 's longest serving employee .
`` My wife Mastura is Malaysian and we 're here now with our two children , '' Hans said . `` I find that Malaysia agrees with me in many ways . The weather , people and especially the food ! I do love spicy food and certainly the fine durians that are available so easily here . ''
Tough initial start
Reflecting on his early days with SAP , Hans mentioned the difficulties faced at the time . Before the age of the Internet , Hans said that there were no such things as `` easy to demonstrate '' systems .
Photo - SAP Malaysia 's longest serving employee , Chief Engineering Architect Hans-Juergen Mikudim , with Managing Director Terrence Yong .
`` There was no such thing as downloading or demo systems so when there is a demo to be done , we had to ask IBM for the machine before installing the application , while consultants had to make the necessary configurations to get the demo done . The effort put in those days were crazy ! '' he said .
Due to that reason , Hans found himself travelling a great deal . `` One interesting thing about SAP is that when you think you are done , it gets more exciting . I recall once when I was even sent to Pakistan for a few months . ''
Yet even when internet accessibility started to take off , Hans felt that in those early days there were still quite many limitations . At the time , a common issue faced was `` fat client applications versus limited network bandwidths '' .
`` Technology as you know is extremely fluid so we were faced with all the obstacles that were expected . Bandwidth , proprietary protocols , the shift from 32-bit to 64-bit computing . The list was endless , '' he added .
Growing with the family
Having spent almost his entire career at SAP , Hans was understandably vocal in his support for the company . Since its early days , the company has also evolved from a technology company to a being a major global solutions provider today .
`` When we reflect on ourselves , we often do not think quite so much in the sense that we are a company doing X things . We have a vision and that vision is not just to sell products . We want to improve lives and make the world a better place , '' he said .
1 2 3 Next Page
FAIRBORN — If you 've noticed members of Baker Middle School 's competition cheerleading squad with an extra bounce in their step lately it 's for a good reason .
The team of 11 seventh and eighth graders won the prestigious Cheer Max competition in Columbus Jan. 21 . The cheerleaders won the middle school division and were unexpectedly named grand champion .
It was their first time at Cheer Max and the team 's first competition win . When they heard their name over the public address system there was a sense of relief and euphoria .
“ It 's about time because at first we were like struggling , ” said eighth grader Casey Childress . “ We finally just pulled together and told oursleves we could do it . ”
Said seventh-grader Lizzie Rehs , “ I was really shocked . At first we won first place ( in our division ) . Then when they called us up for grand champion , everyone started freaking out . We were all jumping around . We were hugging each other . We were hugging our coaches . ”
The win came as no surprise to co-coach Vanessa Whalen , who knew her team could hang with the best after finishing third out of 21 teams at the Greater Western Ohio Conference championship in December .
“ I was very proud , ” Whalen said . “ Honestly not shocked because they 're just so good that they deserved to get this . We beat some high school teams too . They 've competed really well in the past . ”
Whalen 's faith in this bunch spread up and down the roster .
“ We were really confident in ourselves , ” said eighth grader Erin Thomas . “ We have a lot of skilled tumpling . We also have really good jumps and a lot of our cheerleaders have been cheering for a long time so they have exprience with cheering . So I think that helps a lot . ”
According to Rehs , the jumps and overall athletic ability made a huge difference .
“ Some of our technique was better , ” she said . “ Also , I think we had higher tumbling . That was ( worth ) more points . ”
The routine itself also separated the Baker team from the rest .
“ It was creative because the guy that ( choreographed ) our routine , he 's like an all-star coach , ” Childress said . “ It was more unique . We added on things . ”
The team received an extra surprise when it was announced their victory came with a fullly paid bid to the nationals in Florida in the spring . They wo n't be able to attend due to limited time to raise money to travel and stay in a hotel .
But that has n't dampened the spirits of the team .
“ It feels great , ” Thomas said . “ We practice a lot for it . We were really excited about ( winning ) . It 's always nerve-wracking going into competitions because you do n't know how the other teams are going to do . Winning felt really great . ”
The rest of the team includes seventh graders Cady Anne Munger and Emily Fasnacht and eighth graders India Crenshaw , Shaley Clay , Mollie Herald , Aaliyah Switzer , Alexis Dempsey , and Autumn Shaver . Other co-coaches are Jenna Fitch and Cherrelle Flores .
Submitted photos Baker Middle School 's competition cheerleading team received a free entry in to a national competition in Florida . http : //www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_Baker-2.jpg Submitted photos Baker Middle School 's competition cheerleading team received a free entry in to a national competition in Florida . Baker Middle School 's competition cheerleading team was the grand champion at the Cheer Max competition in Columbus . http : //www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_Baker-1.jpg Baker Middle School 's competition cheerleading team was the grand champion at the Cheer Max competition in Columbus .
By Scott Halasz shalasz @ aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Scott Halasz at 937-502-4507 .
Contact Scott Halasz at 937-502-4507 .
Has the world gone mad ? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower . ...
CALGARY , ALBERTA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES Newswire SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES
Source Energy Services Ltd. ( TSX : SHLE ) ( the `` Company '' or `` Source '' ) is pleased to announce the closing of its previously announced acquisition of Sand Products Wisconsin LLC ( `` Sand Products '' ) for total proceeds of USD $ 45,000,000 .
Sand Products ' assets include a Northern White frac sand mine , processing facility and unit train capable load-out facility located near Blair , Wisconsin .
`` This acquisition allows Source to significantly increase our Northern White frac sand production volumes , '' commented Brad Thomson , CEO of the Company . `` With a production capacity of 1.3 million metric tonnes per year , the Sand Products acquisition helps Source meet the growing demand for Northern White frac sand in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin with efficient , low cost production . ''
ABOUT SOURCE ENERGY SERVICES
Source is a fully integrated producer , supplier and distributer of high-quality Northern White frac sand primarily to the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin . Source provides its customers with a full end-to-end solution through its Wisconsin mine assets , processing facilities , unit train capable rail assets , strategically located terminal network and `` last mile '' logistics capabilities . Source 's full service approach allows customers to rely on its logistics capabilities to increase reliability of supply and to ensure the timely delivery of their growing frac sand requirements . In addition to its transload terminal network and in-basin storage capabilities , Source has also developed Sahara , a proprietary wellsite mobile sand storage and handling system .
Dozens of NFL players in trouble after arm-wrestling in Vegas More than 30 current and former NFL players – including Maurkice Pouncey , Marquette King , Mychal Kendricks , Navarro Bowman , Jamon Brown and Howard Jones – visited Las Vegas this weekend to ...
Never , ever challenge this family to an arm-wrestling contest A family that arm-wrestles together stays — just ask the Kings . These hulk-handed Canadians have been competing in arm-wrestling tournaments for years , amassing numerous world titles and breaking several ...
Arm wrestling match ends with blood-curdling injury Put your dreams of being a professional arm wrestler on hold – permanently . Two former Australian rugby players , Ben Ross and Wendell Sailor , competed in arm wrestling charity challenge on ...
These meatheads are bulking up for a $ 500K arm-wrestling title If you see Mike Ayello around town , it 's probably not a good idea to challenge him to an arm-wrestling match . “ I bring a table wherever I go , ” the 37-year-old firefighter ...
Real-life Popeye has one superhuman arm Meet Matthias “ Hellboy ” Schlitte , the German arm wrestling phenomenon with one enormous arm . While his left arm is normal size , Schlitte 's right is Popeye-like due to a rare genetic defect ...
NY arm-wrestling pros star in over-the-top 'Game of Arms ' Reality TV has brought us shows about some fairly obscure competitions — beard-growing , cosplay , dog grooming . Now , get ready for competitive arm wrestling . “ Game of Arms , ” premiering Tuesday ( 10 p.m ....
US wave developer Ocean Power Technologies ( OPT ) is to supply Eni to with a PB3 PowerBuoy for a demonstration at one of the Italian energy company 's subsea oil and gas operations .
The device will be deployed in the Adriatic Sea to advance Eni 's Clean Sea technology for marine environmental monitoring and offshore asset inspection using autonomous underwater vehicles ( AUV ) .
The project is expected to kick off by the end of the month .
The agreement provides for a minimum 24-month contract that includes an 18-month PB3 PowerBuoy lease and associated project management .
OPT will also provide deployment support , remote data collection and monitoring .
At the end of the initial 18-month lease , Eni will have the option to either extend the lease for an additional 18 months or purchase the PB3 PowerBuoy .
OPT chief executive George Kirby said : “ We believe the Eni deployment could lead to other applications including the charging of underwater unmanned vehicles , well monitoring and decommissioning applications in the oil and gas industry , as well as metocean data collection . ”
Image : PB3 PowerBuoy ( OPT )
Governor Al-Makura Begs Striking Workers In Nasarawa | “ Show Some Understanding ”
Governor Umaru Al-Makura of Nasarawa State has pleaded with the striking workers in the state to “ show more understanding with the government ” .
The governor made the appeal on Tuesday in Lafia , at the distribution of relief materials to 50 communities affected by various crises .
He said : “ The workers are supposed to show some understanding because government has made their welfare a priority . “ Our government has a human face ; Nasarawa State was the first to implement the current minimum wage . “ For four years , we paid the minimum wage without any problem before things became difficult . We expect some understanding . ”
Workers in the state had embarked on an industrial action five weeks ago .
Speaking on behalf of the workers , Ahmed Naibi , NLC Secretary , said that the strike was not just about salary .
“ A major concern of the workers is government 's refusal to promote workers for more than six years . “ Aside the non-promotion , workers have not been paid their traditional annual increments and other entitlements for years . ”
He added that workers were being owed August 2016 salary , a percentage of October 2016 salary , and arrears of January and February 2017 .
“ There is something more heinous – the strike is five weeks old , but government has not engaged the leaders of the union for dialogue , ” he said .
Naibi thanked workers for the total compliance with the directive to continue to stay at home , and vowed that workers would remain at home until their demands were met .
The post Governor Al-Makura Begs Striking Workers In Nasarawa | “ Show Some Understanding ” appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nvidia 's research and development team have come up with a new GPU-accelerated deep-learning system capable of restoring images seemingly damaged beyond repair , building on existing 'image inpainting ' technologies - functionally similar to Adobe Photoshop 's Content Aware Fill tool - and , it claims , surpassing them .
'Existing deep learning based image inpainting methods use a standard convolutional network over the corrupted image , using convolutional filter responses conditioned on both valid pixels and the substitute values in the masked holes ( typically the mean value ) , ' the researchers explain in the abstract for their paper , Image Inpainting for Irregular Holes using Partial Convolutions . 'This often leads to artefacts such as colour discrepancy and blurriness . Post-processing is usually used to reduce such artefacts , but are expensive and may fail . '
The solution , as the paper 's title makes clear , is the use of partial convolutions 'where the convolution is masked and renormalised to be conditioned on only valid pixels . ' Coupled with a mechanism which generates an updated mask for the next layer as part of the forward pass , the result is a system which can automatically restore missing parts of images - even when there is nothing left in the original image from which a sample can be taken , as in one of the example uses of replacing a celebrity 's eyes .
The team 's demonstration video , running on the company 's Tesla V100 accelerator boards , showcases how the system operates , and it 's undeniably impressive in use . While the in-filled content is , naturally , not an exact match for what was originally there - especially obvious in the demonstration where entire objects , like rocks and bridges , are masked from the image and disappear entirely post-processing - it 's surprisingly convincing and , unlike techniques which require post-processing for colour matching and other tweaks , entirely automatic in operation .
Nvidia has published a blog post on the process , while the research paper is available for open access on arXiv .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE ( CBSMiami ) – Less than 36 hours after a burned body was discovered in Northwest Miami-Dade , Miami-Dade Police were called to a nearby home where blood was discovered .
It is not known if the incidents are connected but crime scene investigators , detectives and officers all converged on the bloody home at 778 N.W.146th Street and sealed off the neighborhood with yellow crime scene tape after they received a call at 7:37 a.m .
“ Someone called in a complaint about blood in the home . We are not sure who that person is . That 's when we went to the home . We ca n't confirm that it is connected to the burned body at this point , ” Miami-Dade police detective Argemis Colome told CBS4 's Peter D'Oench .
Miami-Dade police were called to the Hyde Park Manors neighborhood near North Miami just after 8 p.m. Wednesday when a burned body was found on a swale in an unlit section of the neighborhood .
Police said it appeared to be an adult but they were waiting on the results of a report from the Miami-Dade Medical Examiner 's office to determine the body 's race and gender and possible age .
“ I doubt there 's a connection , ” said neighbor Emily Marrero . “ But if it is I do n't know what to say about it . There 's hardly ever anything like this that happens . This is really surprising . I did n't expect it . ”
Neighbor Angelon Blash said , “ I think it 's awful that they do all these crimes and nobody can catch them . You are sitting here and you do not know if you can walk out your door safely or not . ”
Neighbor Mara Ware said , “ It 's upsetting . You wake up in the morning and you do n't know if you can come out of your house . Something could come up in the street and you do n't even know it . I just want them to catch them and find out what is going on . It is dangerous for people living here going up and down the street . ”
“ I am retired , ” said Blash . “ And this is not something I wanted or expected when I was retired . I mean I have been living here a long time and this is not right . ”
Anyone with information that can help Miami-Dade Police is urged to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at ( 305 ) 471-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
Elon Musk Is Getting SpaceX Closer to Mars , One Rocket at a Time Dana Hull , David Ingold and Jeremy Scott Diamond August 14 , 2017 By Dana Hull and Jeremy Scott Diamond
SpaceX is about to launch its 40th Falcon 9 mission and 11th rocket this year . The rapid cadence of late is worlds ahead of where the company was seven years ago , when billionaire founder Elon Musk began firing off Falcon 9s at a pace of just two a year . As launches become more routine , SpaceX is gearing up for its next major hurdle : the maiden flight of its Falcon Heavy rocket , now scheduled for November . Bloomberg has been tracking the milestones—and occasional mishaps—along the way to SpaceX 's ultimate goal : sending humans to Mars .
SpaceX Falcon 9 launches , by type Test flight Intl . Space Station resupply Satellite deployment Classified military Mission failure Attempted booster recovery Failed Succeeded 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Note : Excludes early SpaceX Falcon 1 missions conducted from 2006 to 2009 . SpaceX Falcon 9 launches , by mission type Test flight Intl . Space Station resupply Satellite deployment Classified military Mission failure Attempted booster recovery Failed Succeeded 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Note : Excludes early SpaceX Falcon 1 missions conducted from 2006 to 2009 . SpaceX Falcon 9 launches , by mission type Test flight Intl . Space Station resupply Satellite deployment Classified military Mission failure Attempted booster recovery Failed Succeeded 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Note : Excludes early SpaceX Falcon 1 missions conducted from 2006 to 2009 . SpaceX Falcon 9 launches , by mission type Attempted booster recovery Intl . Space Station resupply Satellite deployment Classified military Test flight Mission failure Failed Succeeded 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Note : Excludes early SpaceX Falcon 1 missions conducted from 2006 to 2009 .
Elon Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies Corp. in 2002 to “ revolutionize space technology , with the ultimate goal of enabling people to live on other planets. ” Eight years later , SpaceX introduced the Falcon 9 , a two-stage rocket designed for reusability . The rocket can carry commercial payloads as well as the SpaceX-made Dragon capsule , a recyclable spacecraft that has been ferrying supplies to the International Space Station since 2012 . SpaceX began launching commercial satellites in 2013—to both low-earth orbit , the first 100 to 1,200 miles of space , and geostationary transfer orbit , about 22,000 miles above the earth . The company has since sent a satellite into deep space and hit key milestones toward its goal of reducing launch costs by reusing capsules and rockets . Early attempts to recover boosters at sea ended in explosions . Subsequent recovery missions , however , have been successful , both at sea and on land . This year alone , SpaceX has successfully relaunched a recycled Falcon 9 , sent a used Dragon capsule back to the space station , deployed a confidential payload for the U.S. military and now is preparing for the next major step—test flying its new rocket , dubbed the Falcon Heavy . Below , see every Falcon 9 launch to date and other major achievements along the way .
Toronto Blue Jays ' Curtis Granderson is welcomed by teammates after he hit a walk-off home run against the Boston Red Sox during the 10th inning of a baseball game Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Toronto . Toronto won 4-3 . The Canadian Press via AP Fred Thornhill
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy , it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry . But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone , consumers deci ...
Ice storm keeps press from 'Wrinkle in Time ' red carpet Due to the storm , the press carpet was closed , but strangely there was a press line only for fotogs inside .
Ava DuVernay tapped as honoree at American Black Film Festival Honors DuVernay will receive the Industry Visionary Award at the ceremony , which will take place Feb. 25 , 2018 , at the Beverly Hills Hotel .
Embraer Services & Support launched ( 08-Dec-2017 ) TechCare , a platform designed to deliver a portfolio of solutions focused on improving operational efficiency , extending aircraft service life and maximising the potential of Embraer aircraft . Embraer announced the creation of Embraer Services & Support , a standalone business unit designed to strengthen the company 's core know-how and deliver the industry 's best service and support to customers , in Dec-2016 . Embraer is working to revolutionise its component repair , optimise parts logistics and distribution , integrate services for greater aircraft performance , refine training solutions and bring innovation to the aircraft interiors and enhancements markets . TechCare aims to improve Embraer 's customer support , with greater appreciation and anticipation of customers ' needs , in order to develop effective , efficient and competitive solutions , while maintaining levels of customer service . [ more - original PR ]
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz .
GUEST : MID MARKET REPORT : Justina Vasquez , equities reporter for Bloomberg , on GrubHub 's rally sparking caution from analysts , and Blue Apron stock continuing its plunge , despite a new plan for in-store food kits .
Running time 05:10
World production of major foods set records last year , according to this week 's outlook analysis from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) .
Cereal stock levels have climbed to all-time highs .
A joint outlook prepared by the OECD and the United Nation 's Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) predicts weakening growth in global demand for agricultural commodities and food , while anticipating continuing productivity improvements in the sector .
As a result , prices of main agricultural commodities are expected to remain low for the next 10 years .
The report attributes the demand slowdown to a deceleration of demand growth in major emerging economies , stagnating per capita consumption of staple foods and a further gradual decline in global population growth rates .
The global agricultural and fish production is projected to grow by around 20 per cent over the coming decade , but with considerable variation across regions .
Strong growth is expected in developing regions with more rapid population growth , including Sub-Saharan Africa , South and East Asia , and the Middle East and North Africa . By contrast , production growth is expected to be much lower in developed countries , especially in Western Europe .
Declining demand growth for meat products will put a brake on the demand for cereals and protein meal used in animal feed .
With slower consumption and production growth , agricultural and fish trade are projected to grow at about half the rate of the previous decade .
Net exports are expected to increase from land-abundant countries , such as Canada and the Americas .
Countries with high population growth , in particular in the Middle East and North Africa , Sub-Saharan Africa and in Asia , will see rising net imports .
Demand for cereals and vegetable oil for the production of biofuels is expected to be largely unchanged over the forecast period , in contrast with the past decade , when biofuels expansion led to more than 120 million tonnes of additional cereals demand , predominantly corn .
With existing policies in developed countries unlikely to support biofuels expansion , most demand growth will come from developing countries that have introduced policies favouring biofuel use .
In particular , the use of sugarcane for biofuel production is expected to increase .
Treasury 10-Year Yield Tops 3 % for First Time Since 2014
The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield rose above 3 percent for the first time since January 2014 , snapping out of a months-long trading range . Bloomberg 's Brian Chappatta reports on `` Bloomberg Markets . '' ( Source : Bloomberg )
Parody/spoof movies are not seen quite often in South Indian cinema as it would offend either the celebrities or fans of star actors . While most of the makers do not wish to take the risky gamble , one movie emerged successful by breaking all the myths associated with the parody movies . Tamizh Padam , a 2010 blockbuster , made way for new style of movie making in Tamil , as the movie mocked at almost all stars of K-town but in an artistic manner .
Tamizh Padam won over the audience and critics and the same was later remade in Telugu as Sudigaadu . Fans of Kollywood were excited over the weekend as the sequel to one of the most entertaining movies of Tamil cinema was launched . Actor Sidharth too was proactive in the process of launching the movie and there were quite a few tweet exchanges between the producer and the actor .
The information poster of the movie was released in social media which made the fans and celebrities ' jaw drop and speak about the same for the next couple of days . The poster carried out the release date of the movie in theatres as 25th May 2018 and also the release date of the movie in Tamil Rockers website as 26th May 2018 . This was indeed surprising as piracy is generally seen as a threat by the industry . It now seems that piracy has grown its roots and seems to be unavoidable .
The first look poster of Tamizh Padam 2.0 was also released over the weekend where the leading star of the movie , Agila Ulaga Superstar Mirchi Shiva , will be seen in white 'veshti ' and shirt meditating on the ground . This is a clear imitation of a popular Tamil Nadu politician and the first look poster just went viral within few seconds . This shows that the movie will have political inclinations and sequences mocking the recent political developments in the state .
Rumours are ripe that the combo of Vikram Vedha , Madhavan and Vijay Sethupathi would be reprising the same roles in Tamizh Padam 2.0 but as cameos .
The movie features Mirchi Shiva and Ishwarya Menon in the lead roles while the same is directed by CS Amudan . The project will be bankrolled by Sashikanth Shivaji , who is also the producer of Tamizh Padam .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
A 's rookie Boog Powell shares his name with a former Orioles slugger — who he plans to meet soon .
The younger Boog is already prepared to take initiative and try to introduce himself to the elder Boog when the A 's visit Baltimore beginning Aug. 21 , since the original Boog operates a BBQ stand at Camden Yards .
“ I 'm going to go out to his barbecue and introduce myself and talk baseball hopefully , ” said the A 's rookie , who returned to the A 's in a trade with the Mariners last week which saw Yonder Alonso shipped to Seattle .
In other words , Herschel Mack “ Boog ” Powell IV wants to connect with John “ Boog ” Powell . The former heard of the latter long before fans reminded him .
“ There 's been fans who have come up to me and said , ‘ I just met Boog Powell the other day , the real one , ' ” the 24-year-old Powell said . “ I 'm real , too . Just not original . ”
The original , now 75 years old , is 6-foot-4 and 230 pounds with 339 home runs , two World Series rings and the 1970 AL MVP award . The newer Powell is 5-10 , 185 pounds and still awaiting his first major league homer .
The rookie 's father bestowed the “ Boog ” nickname because the family wanted a way to distinguish him from his father and grandfather , though Powell now needs to be noted as different from an ex-Orioles slugger .
HOLLYWOOD , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - bBooth , Inc. ( OTCQB : BBTH ) , the Hollywood-based digital technology company , is pleased to announce that it has been selected as one of `` The 20 Most Promising CRM Solution Providers of 2017 '' by CIOReview Technology Magazine .
CIOReview is the leading tech magazine dedicated to enterprise technology solutions , focused on current trends and redefining future enterprise technology goals . `` We are delighted to include bBooth among the 20 companies featured in our Special Edition of CIOReview dedicated to the most promising CRM Solution Providers of 2017 , '' said Jeevan George , Managing Editor of CIOReview . `` For our CRM Special Edition , we chose 20 companies who we believe are extraordinary pioneers in the CRM arena . Leveraging the power of their on-screen virtual sales reps and their bNotifi proprietary interactive video technology , bBooth definitely has reinvented what a CRM Lead Gen tool should be in today 's video-centric social environment , '' continues Mr. George .
`` We are truly excited to be recognized by CIOReview as one of The 20 Most Promising CRM Solution Providers of 2017 , '' states Rory J. Cutaia , bBooth CEO . `` We did n't set out to create another CRM product -- we set out to re-invent what a CRM product should be , '' continues Mr. Cutaia . `` The customer relationship management products available in the market today are great tools for managing a salesforce or a sales team ; keeping track of their daily activities , such as how many sales calls they made , how many emails they sent out , when they should follow up with a prospect or customer , and how much revenue they expect to generate . And many of those products do that exceptionally well , '' continues Mr. Cutaia .
`` Essentially , they 're great tracking tools . What they do n't do , is actually help salespeople sell . And that 's where our product is completely different . We 're not a tool for management to keep track of their salespeople ; we 're a tool to help salespeople convert leads to prospects , prospects to customers , and customers to repeat customers . Our clients can automate the sales process using our proprietary bNotifi interactive video technology and onscreen virtual sales reps to command attention and help salespeople actually close deals , '' states Mr. Cutaia .
For the full article click here .
About bBooth :
bBooth , Inc. ( OTCQB : BBTH ) is a Hollywood-based digital tech company . We develop and license cloud-based , Software-as-a-Service ( SaaS ) , Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) , sales lead generation , and social engagement software on mobile and desktop platforms for sales-based organizations , consumer brands , and artists seeking greater levels of engagement and higher conversion rates . Our software platform can accommodate a one-off campaign or a single direct sales representative , yet is enterprise-class scalable to meet the needs of today 's global organizations . Our service is built around our proprietary 'Video-First ' bNotifi technology , which places interactive video front and center in all customer and prospect communications . We 've re-invented what a CRM , lead-gen tool should be in today 's video-centric social environment .
For more information on bBooth , visit bBooth.com .
About CIOReview :
CIOReview is a technology magazine that talks about the enterprise solutions that can redefine the business goals of enterprises tomorrow . It is the leading source that shares innovative enterprise solutions developed by established solutions providers , upcoming hot enterprises and is a neutral source for technology decision makers .
For more information on CIOReview , visit : cioreview.com .
Forward-looking & Safe Harbor Statement : Certain statements in this release may contain forward- looking information within the meaning of Rule 175 under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and those statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . All statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the Company , are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are further qualified by other factors . The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements in this release , whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise .
With an unmatched number of scoops , Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum . Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis .
Google Reverse Image Search helps you quickly discover visually similar images from around the web . Upload a photograph from your desktop to Google Images and it will show you related images used on other websites and also different sizes of the same photo almost instantly .
Journalists can use the reverse search option to find the original source of an image or to know the approximate date when a picture was first published on the Internet . Photographers can use ‘ search by image ' feature to know about other websites that are using their photographs .
Reverse Image Search on Mobile Devices
Google 's ‘ search by image ' feature is only available for desktop computers and not on mobile devices and tablets . Thus , if a friend has sent you an image on WhatsApp or Facebook that you 'd like to verify , you 'll have to first transfer the photograph to a desktop and then perform a reverse search . Too much work , right ?
Reverse Image Search
Not anymore . Meet Reverse Photos , an online tool that lets you perform reverse image searches on mobile phones . Go to reverse.photos on your mobile phone , click the “ Upload Image ” button and choose an image from the photo gallery of your phone . Next click “ Show Matching Images ” and it will feed your photo into Google 's image database and show visually similar photos .
Find related images with Google Images on a mobile device .
You can either upload pics available your Photo Library , or you can take a new picture with your phone 's camera , or upload existing images from your cloud storage services like iCloud , Google Drive , Dropbox or OneDrive . All inside the comfort of your mobile phone or tablet .
Also see : Find out where a picture was taken
There 's another workaround as well that will let you use the official Google Image Search website for reverse search on a mobile device . Open the Chrome browser on Android and under settings , choose “ Request Desktop Site. ” Now open images.google.com and you should see the Camera icon to upload an image for searching .
Long story short , Kheengz has come for all out there using too much filter on you pictures on social media…LOL .
Check out this hilarious , yet realistic tune from Exponential music 's act Kheengz in his latest single titled ‘ Filter Ne ‘ .
Enjoy and do n't forget to leave your comments behind .
Save
The post Kheengz – Filter Ne appeared first on notjustOk .
Spotted bass are some people 's favorite and other people 's least favorite bass . They were originally native to the Tennessee and Coosa River basins and have been widely introduced to other watersheds across the Southeast .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
3 questions for Chicago Bears heading into Detroit
hello
Chicago Bears quarterback Mitchell Trubisky passes in the first half of an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 , in Cincinnati .
Coming off a victory for the first time in seven weeks , the 4-9 Chicago Bears have a short week before they head to Detroit for an NFC North clash Saturday against the 7-6 Lions .
The Lions trail the first-place Minnesota Vikings by 3 games but have not been mathematically eliminated in the NFC North race .
Here are three questions about the Bears that will be asked before the 3:30 kickoff .
1 . Will the Bears ' 33-7 rout of the Bengals be enough to alter the fate of coach John Fox ?
No . One victory will not change the mind of the Bears ' decision-makers . Now , if Fox 's crew wins at Detroit and takes care of business Christmas Eve against the winless Cleveland Browns ; and if rookie quarterback Mitch Trubisky continues to progress along with fellow rookies Tarik Cohen , Adam Shaheen and Eddie Jackson , you never know . But that 's a lot of `` ifs . ''
2 . Should n't the Bears be expected to defeat a team that was missing five defensive starters ?
It 's not fair to diminish a Bears victory because the opponent was in a weakened state because of injuries . The Bears ' defense was playing without five of its opening-day starters for the same reason . The Bears have nine starters on injured reserve and three others were out Sunday .
3 . Are the Bears done babying rookie quarterback Mitch Trubisky ?
They certainly should be . After nine starts , he 's not a rookie anymore . In his last two games , Trubisky has completed 78.7 percent of his passes ( 37-for-47 ) for 373 yards , 2 touchdowns , no interceptions and a 113.9 passer rating . He also has reduced the number of sacks he takes . After getting dropped 15 times in a four-game stretch , Trubisky has been sacked seven times in his last four games .
• Follow Bob 's Bears reports on Twitter @ BobLeGere .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Twitter 's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Joel Embiid opened the first set of back-to-back games in his NBA career with 17 points and 11 rebounds to help lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 103-97 win over the Miami Heat on Friday night .
All the dunks , blocks and 3-pointers at times seemed like background music at what turned into Philly 's largest Super Bowl tailgate party . The Sixers cloaked the Wells Fargo Center in green — from the giveaway “ Brotherly Love ” T-shirts imprinted with the Sixers and Eagles logos — to the balloons , signage , and even the table runners on press row .
The packed house erupted in unison to belt out the “ Fly , Eagles , Fly ” fight song that 's as ubiquitous at Philly sporting events as “ Rocky ” movie clips . They broke out enough “ E-A-G-L-E-S ! Eagles ! ” chants to make the arena sound like the Linc right before kickoff .
The day kicked off at the same arena with Wing Bowl , Philly 's own competitive eating competition . Molly Schuyler gnawed her way through a record 501 chicken wings in 30 minutes to win her third Wing Bowl .
And they say Philly does n't crown champions .
The Heat nearly harshed Philly 's mellow when they turned a 28-point hole into a four-point game on Wayne Ellington 's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left .
But the biggest win for the Sixers may be this : Embiid is set to play games on consecutive nights for the first time since he was picked No . 3 overall in the 2014 draft .
Embiid , selected to his first All-Star team , missed his first two seasons with injuries and the Sixers have been leery of pushing their 7-foot-2 center into major minutes over the last two seasons .
Embiid should be in the starting lineup Saturday at Indiana .
“ We 're not going to be too paranoid about how we play him , ” coach Brett Brown . “ There will be that in the back of our minds as the game plays out . But the bottom line is , we are going to play him to win this game and we will figure it out . There is no type of concrete minute restriction , just an awareness that I have to have and the medical staff has to have to try to get him to play in both games . ”
The Sixers are eighth in the Eastern Conference playoff standings and clearly need a healthy Embiid down the stretch to crack the postseason for the first time since 2012 .
Brown said Embiid will play in back-to-backs because he 's been cleared to go — not to avoid the lousy optics in two weeks of playing in the Rising Stars Challenge , the Skills Challenge and the All-Star game all packed into 48 hours .
“ Joel 's availability has got nothing to do with desperation or crunch time . It 's all about his health , ” Brown said .
Fueled by the Super Bowl frenzy , the Sixers hit 'em low ( 30 points in the paint ) , hit 'em high ( three 3s ) and watched that scoreboard fly all the way to a 51-41 lead at halftime .
Dario Saric made his first five buckets , growled like a dog ( Eagles fans have worn dog masks in the playoffs ) and had 17 points and 10 rebounds . Ben Simmons , the rookie star who felt snubbed from the All-Star game , scored 20 points .
“ I mean , if I was an All-Star , I 'd be on the All-Star team , ” Simmons said . “ It 's a little frustrating but if you look back at how many rookies have made it , it 's not one of those things that makes or breaks your career . ”
TIP-INS
Heat : The Heat outscored the 76ers 37-17 in the fourth quarter . Kelly Olynyk scored 19 points .
76ers : Brown said the Sixers will have permission to attend the Super Bowl . “ We 're in Indiana . It 's not like it 's a ridiculous journey , ” Brown said . Brown said the Sixers will not have Monday off from practice . … Brown said as of yet no one from the Sixers has talked to anyone involved with All-Star weekend about limiting Embiid 's minutes .
UP NEXT
The Heat will host Orlando on Monday night .
The Sixers play at Indiana on Saturday .
( © Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Jimmy Kimmel is a disgusting and insensitive human being . Can you believe that he tried to blame the Vegas massacre on Republicans not once , but twice . This time , Kimmel got totally eviscerated by Ben Shapiro .
“ I 'm not gon na get deep into it again , I said what I had to say last night . But I do want to say something to these nuts who spent most of the day today on television and online attacking those of us who think we need to do something about the fact that 59 innocent people were killed , ” Kimmel stated .
He continued , “ They say it 's inappropriate to be talking about it because it 's too soon . Well , maybe it 's too soon for you , because deep down inside in your heart , you know you bear some responsibility for the fact that almost anyone can get any weapon they want . And now you want to cover yourself until the storm of outrage passes , and you can go back to your dirty business as usual . ”
“ But it 's not too soon for us , because we 're Americans , and the last time I checked , the First Amendment is at least as important as the Second Amendment , so we will talk about it , and shame on you for suggesting we do otherwise , ” Kimmel added .
Ben Shapiro explained , “ Even the guns that he was using ; I 'm not sure there 's any evidence that gun control would have done anything . He obtained his weapons legally ; he had gone through federal background checks ; there 's no evidence of significant mental illness to this point , so all this seems like is people shouting , ‘ Do something ' while they have no particular solutions and no expertise on guns or gun control . The suggestion that gun control is going to put an end to incidents like this , that is an evidence-less proposition based on an emotional response . ”
BAM !
Take a look at Ben Shapiro 's complete stance in the video below :
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you 'll be more frugal with it . That 's the theory behind health savings accounts , a decades-old GOP concept that 's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act .
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference . As with a retirement account , money put into an HSA can be invested , and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free . Withdrawals can be made at any time , and they are tax-free , too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses , such as health insurance deductibles , or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor .
Currently , HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans , meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share . While HSA participation is growing , only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts , according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans .
Why do n't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them ? For one thing , not everyone has money to contribute upfront . But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving .
`` How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good ' financial decisions , '' says Alycia DeGraff , a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association . DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future , many people simply get stressed-out .
`` These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together , '' she says . `` Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement , suppression , overcompensation , isolation , etc . — to try and deal with [ it ] . ''
This may explain , at least in part , why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general . Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account . And those of us who are parents have only saved , on average , enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids .
Saving money is hard . It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we 'll want or need later . And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty , shiny , things to buy RIGHT NOW .
Plus , we all pretend we wo n't get old or sick .
`` People are predictably irrational , '' says Dr. Mitesh Patel , especially when it comes to money . He 's a behavioral economist , physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Perelman School of Medicine .
But many of us really hate to lose money , Patel says , which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing .
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight , and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference .
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks . They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day . About 30 percent of the group did so . Meanwhile , people assigned to the second group were told they 'd be paid $ 1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps . About 35 percent of the second group did so .
Here 's the kicker : Each person in the third group was paid $ 42 upfront and was docked $ 1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal . Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal , Patel says . People hate to lose money .
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401 ( k ) s that required people who did n't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in . `` This creates a path of the least resistance , '' Patel says .
Of course , setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money , he notes .
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans , a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests . But it 's unclear whether they actually improve their health . Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study , but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families .
Then there 's the issue of figuring out how much you , as an individual or a family , would need to save for health care — it 's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town , let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital .
`` If you want to save for a house , you can pretty much figure out the math , '' Patel says . `` But if you go to a doctor , they do n't give you a menu for prices . ''
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we 'd all need to change our mindset , says Degraff , the financial therapist .
`` People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves , '' she says . Naturally , we thing our future selves will be `` better , healthier , more financially secure , '' she adds . But , for many of us , health and income eventually decline with age . We need to save more now for later .
HSAs can be useful , Degraff notes , but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over .
`` A lot of people do n't even have a regular emergency fund savings , '' DeGraff says , `` especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance . ''
Harrison Ford and Ryan Gosling have been touring around the world to promote their new movie , Blade Runner 2049 . For the most part , each interview has been pretty normal…that is until they started drinking with Alison Hammond of This Morning .
That 's right , during an early morning interview Ford , Gosling , and the hostess started knocking back the whiskey . The interview was hilariously downhill after that .
Here 's how it all started , Alison has the original glasses from the first Blade Runner movie . She put them on set thinking Ford and Gosling would appreciate her attention to detail . And of course , Gosling was completely into it . Then Alison admits she 's never seen the first film . That 's when the laughter starts and seemingly never ends .
Less than a minute in , Gosling busts out the booze ! About 10 seconds later , Alison starts pouring herself a drink . Another 10 seconds pass , and Ford is hitting the good stuff .
Seriously , this is the best interview of all time ! Well worth the entire 4 minutes .
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
Virtual reality is a term used to describe three-dimensional computer-generated environments that replace the normal reality in which our everyday lives play out .
VR environments are often described as “ immersive ” because they engage a user 's vision — and in some instances touch — to provide a seemingly three-dimensional simulated world to interact with or explore .
Many people have already experienced virtual reality games , and VR is of growing importance for training and education in fields like medicine , engineering , and the sciences . Some of the world 's leading technology companies — including Microsoft , Sony , Google , Facebook , Apple , and Samsung — are spending heavily to develop VR equipment and applications .
How does virtual reality work ?
In its simplest forms , virtual reality is experienced as 3D graphics , images , or 360-degree videos on computers or smartphones running mobile apps . More elaborate VR systems use wraparound computer displays or even entire rooms with high-resolution displays integrated into the walls .
Increasingly , virtual reality environments are experienced through VR headsets , or goggles . These can be dedicated headsets , like the Oculus VR system and the HTC Vive . Alternatively , a headset adaptor and mobile app software can turn a smartphone into a 3D display , like Samsung 's Gear VR system .
VR headsets track your head movements and adjust what you see depending on where you look — so the virtual world appears to exist in all directions . Many VR systems let you control this virtual environment with hand controllers or gloves , including so-called `` haptic '' models that vibrate to provide a sort of virtual touch .
What can I do with virtual reality ?
Although scientific and industrial applications are on the rise , the main applications of VR today are in virtual reality games and entertainment . Here are some things you can do with VR :
Have fun in 3D . Virtual reality games have boomed in recent years , in part because VR headsets have become more affordable . Many multiplayer games , like Gaijin 's War Thunder , now work with virtual reality equipment that puts players inside the game world .
Look back in time . Mobile apps like Lithodomos VR make it possible to visit ancient sites , such as the Acropolis in Athens or the Western Wall in Jerusalem .
Dive deep . Virtual reality techniques like 360-degree video and detailed 3D models let landlubbers go underwater to visit famous shipwrecks .
What equipment do I need ?
Smartphone VR systems use a headset adaptor that can cost from a few dollars to around $ 80 for high-end versions like the Google Daydream VR . ( Of course , you 'll need a high-resolution smartphone capable of running VR mobile apps . ) Samsung 's Gear VR headset costs around $ 100 , plus the cost of a VR-enabled Samsung smartphone .
Dedicated VR headsets cost from about $ 400 for the Oculus Rift or Sony 's Playstation VR headsets to about $ 600 for the HTC Vive .
It 's possible to create your own three-dimensional virtual reality environments and 360-degree video using specialized VR cameras like the GoPro Odyssey . But at a cost of about $ 15,000 , the necessary gear is n't cheap .
In addition to VR , many companies are now working to develop technology for so-called augmented or mixed reality , which blends the view of the real world with computer-generated graphics . The most familiar examples of AR gear are wearable see-through displays , commonly called smart glasses .
PORT ALICE , B.C- Police will be staying in Port Alice in 2018 .
According to an announcement made by Jan Allen , the mayor of the North Island village , the two RCMP postings currently in the village have come to an end .
The village administration had been lobbying for the replacements to carry on as “ Port Alice ” postings , and not Port Hardy postings , with the aim of keeping officers in the local area .
“ We have met with the RCMP at the last four Union of BC Municipality Conferences on this topic , ” said Allen , in an announcement posted on social media .
“ In September 2017 at UBCM we met with Deputy Commissioner , Commanding Officer Brenda Butterworth-Carr and lobbied for the postings to remain in Port Alice . We met with Chief Superintendent “ E ” Division , Sean Sullivan in January 2018 and lobbied for the postings to remain in Port Alice . We have met with ( Port Hardy ) Staff Sergeant Wes Olsen on countless times on this subject and his predecessor Sgt . Gord Brownridge . ”
Allen wrote that she was informed by Olsen this week that the Port Alice detachment will be staffed as it currently is with two members , after Constables Cerniuk and Parish are replaced following their transfers .
“ The incoming members will be posted directly into Port Alice and will occupy the Force Housing that is available to them in the community , ” wrote Allen , of Olsen 's message to her .
“ The Port Alice members will continue to be supervised from the Port Hardy Detachment and will be required to police the whole detachment area ( Port Alice and Port Hardy ) as necessary . As is currently the case , Port Hardy Detachment members will continue to back up the Port Alice members or respond to calls for service in Port Alice should one or both the Port Alice members be unavailable to attend . ”
Allen said that the news of the Port Alice staffing was “ incredible ” for the village , and that the “ squeaky wheel ” was successful .
“ We will miss Dave Cerniuk and Elijah Parish ( and their families ) immensely , ” wrote Allen .
“ They have been an incredible part of our community and we wish them continued success in their new postings . ”
TORONTO , ON -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) -
THIS NEWS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES
COBALTECH MINING INC. ( TSX VENTURE : CSK ) ( the `` Company '' or `` CobalTech '' ) , is pleased to announce that it has acquired additional strategically located properties around its Duncan Kerr Project in the heart of the Cobalt Camp , Ontario . This new property increases by 8-fold the total area of prospective ground under ColbalTech 's control which now totals 264 hectares including 9 historical past producing mines .
Located in the Cobalt Camp , this new property is adjacent to the Company 's Duncan Kerr Property ( see press release October 24 , 2016 ) . The new acquisition was host to the historic Drummond , Conisil , Hargraves , Belmont , Silver Cross , Campbell-Crowford , Juno , Airgiod and Silver Bird mines that had an estimated total output of 4.55 million ounces of silver and 253,000 pounds of cobalt while all at production depths never exceeding 186m from surface * . The Conisil mine is believed to have been one of the last mines to be nearing production in Cobalt , before the price of silver collapsed in the mid-eighties and the camp fell dormant . The Conisil Mine was previously owned by Agnico-Eagle and its 1994 closure plan mentioned cobalt mineralization of 78,966 tons @ 0.17 % Co for a total of 270,462 pounds of cobalt as well as 500,000 ounces of silver . The mineralized inventory is a historical estimate as defined by National Instrument 43-101 . It is important to note that a qualified person has not done sufficient work to classify the historical estimate as current mineral resources or mineral reserves and the issuer is not treating the historical estimate as current mineral resources or mineral reserves . There has been no review of the methods and results of this historical resource estimate by a Qualified Person .
`` It is exciting to be able to acquire such quality assets with so much potential in what is considered a mature mining camp . The acquisition was made to build the foundation for CobalTech 's plan to significantly expand its presence in the cobalt sector . The company now has the necessary core properties to be able to implement its business strategy , '' commented Antoine Fournier , President and CEO .
Under the agreement of procurement CobalTech has agreed to make payment to the vendor , 9920455 Canada Inc. , of two hundred and fifty thousand ( $ 250,000 ) dollars and issue five million ( 5,000,000 ) common shares of the company .
The supply of cobalt continues to be a source of concern with the exponential growth of the lithium battery triggered by the green energy sector . It is generally produced as a by-product of either copper or nickel production and these have limited capacities to adapt to a substantial growth in demand .
Antoine Fournier , P . Geo. , M.Sc . is the Qualified Person , as defined by National Instrument 43-101 , and he has prepared and reviewed the technical information on this press release .
* Sergiades , A.O . 1968 . Silver Cobalt Calcite Vein Deposits of Ontario ; Ontario Department of Mines , Mineral Resources Circular No . 10 , 498p .
CobalTech is working toward becoming a major cobalt miner and producer , supplying the growing North American battery market . The Company aims to obtain 100 % ownership of mineral deposits and processing facilities , giving CobalTech the ability to deliver a ground to market business .
About CobalTech
CobalTech Mining Inc. is a North American cobalt company with assets in Ontario , Canada . The company owns the Duncan Kerr Property located outside of Cobalt , Ontario , in an area known for its geological setting responsible for unique mineralization composed of quartz-carbonate veins enriched in silver-cobalt-nickel-bismuth-arsenic . The company is committed to operating within the strict environmental , health , and safety framework governed by the e3 Plus regulation put forth by the Prospectors & Developers Association of Canada ( PDAC ) .
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
Antoine Fournier , Chief Executive Officer
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulations Services Provider ( as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
Cautionary Statement Regarding `` Forward-Looking '' Information
Some of the statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of applicable securities laws . Forward-looking statements and information can be identified by the use of words such as `` plans '' , `` expects '' , `` intends '' , `` is expected '' , `` potential '' , `` suggests '' or variations of such words or phrases , or statements that certain actions , events or results `` may '' , `` could '' , `` should '' , `` would '' , `` might '' or `` will '' be taken , occur or be achieved . Forward-looking statements and information are not historical facts and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties beyond the Company 's control . Actual results and developments are likely to differ , and may differ materially , from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this news release . Accordingly , readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements . The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements , except as may be required by law .
By E. J. NICHOLAS
Study 's have revealed that children who grow up to become criminal psychopaths later in life were raised by parents or caregivers with two “ extreme ” parenting styles . High-security prisoners were interviewed by The Norwegian University of Science and Technology and they found that many had a history of either total parental neglect , or rigidly controlling , authoritarian parents .
The definition of a psychopath is any person who suffers from a chronic mental disorder with abnormal or violent social behavior . Psychopaths are defined by their lack of empathy and have a tendency to manipulate people without any guilt .
The heartbreaking fact is that most criminal psychopaths also had a history of grotesque physical and/or psychological abuse during childhood . “ Without exception , these people have been injured in the company of their caregivers . And many of the descriptions made it clear that their later ruthlessness was an attempt to address this damage , but in an inappropriate or bad way , ” commented author Dr. Aina Gullhaugen
“ If you think of a scale of parental care that goes from nothing , the absence of care , all the way to the totally obsessive parent , most parents are in the middle . The same applies to how we feel about parental control . On a scale from ‘ not caring ' all the way to ‘ totally controlling , ' most have parents end up in the middle , ” Dr. Aina Gullhaugen added as she explained the types of parents criminal psychopaths typically have . “ More than half of the psychopaths I have studied reported that they had been exposed to a parenting style that could be placed on either extreme of these scales . Either they lived in a situation where no one cared , where the child is subjected to total control and must be submissive , or the child has been subjected to a neglectful parenting style . ”
There are many children who experience awful upbringings and do n't go on to become psychopaths and we can not blame parents for everything , but it does play a large part in the formation and structure of a child 's developing brain .
Personality traits of a psychopath are not always the callous killer who is obviously a criminal of some sort . The typical psychopath functions very well in society without any cause for alarm . In many cases people with psychopathic traits are highly successful – in fact they are believed to occupy three and four per cent of senior positions . They go undetected as effective leaders and good decision makers . They can be very charming , charismatic , fearless , and exhibit a massive ego but they lack a conscience . Their human conscience has been seared in some way or another , according to Dr Kevin Dutton , a research psychologist at the University of Oxford . There is a major lack of behavioral control and a tendency to boredom .
Kevin Dutton is a research psychologist at the University of Oxford and author of the Good Psychopath 's Guide to Success . Dr Dutton revealed the jobs with the most psychopaths working in them after conducting an extensive survey . Topping the list were CEOs followed by lawyers and those working in TV and radio . Also featured on the list were surgeons , salespersons , journalists and police officers .
Psychopaths are spread throughout the population and there are many degrees of it ranging from extreme criminal psychopaths to everyday people who do n't even know they may be on the spectrum . It can be dangerous to be unaware of this and range on the very top of scale . These individuals lack the emotion and empathy that commonly stops people from committing crime . Crimes committed by psychopaths range from murder to mentally , verbally or physically abusing a loved one . Either extreme is just as bad and occur mainly because these individuals are so emotionally disconnected that they function as if other people are objects to be manipulated and destroyed without any concern for human feelings or emotions .
None-the-less , there is always hope for individuals who suffer from psychopathic tendencies . If they discover that their behavior falls on the spectrum and they are able to take a moral inventory of their inability to feel for others then the first step is admitting it to themselves . Most importantly it is not a psychopaths fault for their inability to feel organic human emotions especially if they experienced an abusive upbringing or non existent caregivers . However , seeking help through a trained professional can always heal the past in a safe environment and lead one back to experiencing what it 's like to be a complete feeling , loving , positively functioning human being , once again .
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE .
YOU MAY , HOWEVER , COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
Richard Ideker , of Indiana , won $ 1 million at the M Resort Spa and Casino . ( Source : M Resort )
An Indiana man won $ 1 million at the M Resort Spa and Casino May 5 .
Richard Ideker won during the Marquee Millionaire Slot Tournament at the property . After three rounds of tournament play , Ideker ended up with the highest cumulative score to become the lucky winner .
To qualify for the tournament Ideker and others participated in events across the country at Marquee Rewards casinos .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin took the podium at Tuesday 's White House briefing to announce sanctions against Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami for his role in international narcotics trafficking .
Uncle , starring Mammootty in the lead role is gearing up to grace the big screens on Aprl 27 , 2018 . After the teaser and the trailer of the movie , the makers of the film have come up with yet another teaser of the movie , which has further raised the expectations on this upcoming movie .
The new teaser has been launched through the official facebook page of Mammootty . The 28 seconds long teaser of the movie features a conversation between Mammootty and the movie 's lead actress Karthika Muraleedharan . In the teaser , KK , the character played by Mammootty in the movie , describes the beauty of the character played by Karthika Muraleedharan in Uncle .
Well , the new teaser should strengthen the reports that Mammootty will be seen essaying a character with different shades in the film . Importantly , we definitely can expect yet another hard-hitting performance from Mammootty . The matching background score in the teaser of the film is also a major highlight . The teaser has already fetched above 60K views on Facebook within a short span of time .
Uncle has been directed by debut film-maker girish Damodar . The movie has its script penned by actor Joy Mathew who is also a part of the cast list . Suresh Krishna , Muthumani , KPAC Lalitha etc. , will also be seen essaying important roles in the movie . The film has bagged a clean ' U ' certificate .
Has the world gone mad ? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower . ...
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ask us your questions about where you live
Have you got a question about Leicestershire or Rutland ?
Is there something you have seen or heard that you would like us to investigate ?
It could be a burning issue , or something you have always wondered about .
Use the tool below to send us your question .
We could be in touch and your question could make the news .
Universities try to transcend Brexit
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Image copyright North Yorkshire Moors Railway Image caption The windows of the carriages were smashed , with further damage inside
Vandalised railway carriages used in TV dramas including Downton Abbey have returned to a heritage railway .
Four of the eight teak carriages that had windows and furniture smashed are back in service on the North Yorkshire Moors Railway in Pickering .
The carriages , dating from 1930 to 1950 , have regularly featured in films and television .
The company said the buffet bar , the most badly damaged of the carriages , will not run again this season .
Vandals had set off fire extinguishers throughout the carriages overnight at the end of July , soaking furniture and wall fittings .
It was originally feared none of them would run again this summer .
Live updates and more stories from Yorkshire
Chris Price , the railway 's general manager , said : `` The carriages have now been professionally cleaned and temporary light fittings have been used until we can replace them with heritage lighting .
`` The other carriages are currently being worked on by the Carriage and Wagon Department . ''
Image copyright North Yorkshire Moors Railway Image caption The buffet car was the most badly damaged
Image copyright NYMR Image caption The line runs through the North Yorkshire countryside including Grosmont station
The railway runs steam trains between Pickering and Whitby and attracts about 350,000 passengers a year .
Owned and operated by a charitable trust , it employs about 100 people as well as a large team of volunteers .
It has about 24 miles ( 29km ) of railway track .
Two boys , both aged 17 , have been arrested and released while under investigation in connection with the attack , North Yorkshire Police said last month .
Reports : Hultgren fires aide Provenzano after sexual encounter with teen boy
hello
Nick Provenzano , a former McHenry County Board member and an employee of U.S. Rep. Randy Hultgren , was fired Monday after he was caught by police in a sexual encounter with a 17-year-old boy , according to reports .
The McHenry police report obtained by the Northwest Herald and Politico says police found Provenzano with the boy on a dead-end street in an SUV with the headlights turned off . Provenzano was reportedly shirtless and the boy later told police the incident was `` sexual '' in nature -- although Provenzano reportedly told police the two were merely `` hanging out . ''
Provenzano served on the McHenry County Board for 12 years and resigned in 2016 to work for Hultgren , a Republican from Plano , full-time . Hultgren is the U.S. Representative from Illinois ' 14th congressional district , which includes parts of DuPage , Lake , McHenry , Kane , Kendall , Will and DeKalb counties .
Provenzano was fired from Hultgren 's office Monday , according to the report . Hultgren 's office did n't respond to requests for comment .
Provenzano reportedly declined to give a statement to police and has not been charged with a crime . The age of consent in Illinois is 17 , and both Provenzano and the boy reportedly told police the incident was consensual .
According to the report , Provenzano and the boy met on the gay dating app Grindr and the boy asked Provenzano if he wanted to meet . Although Grindr 's terms and conditions require all users to be 18 years or older , the boy reportedly told police he used his actual birth date on the app , which automatically changed his age to 18 .
Well , that was fast . Elon Musk claims to have sold out of flamethrowers in just four days .
The Tesla founder said on Twitter that he would stop taking orders for the $ 500 devices after selling 20,000 . The goal was to raise $ 10 million for his tunneling business , The Boring Company .
The Boring Company , founded in 2016 , has plans to create a network of underground tunnels to ease traffic congestion .
Musk , who is known for provocative antics , first mentioned plans to sell a flamethrower in December , and repeatedly plugged the idea on social media .
The Boring Company insisted the flamethrower is safe .
`` Much like a roller coaster , this is designed to be thrilling without danger , '' a company spokesman said in a statement .
Musk had advertised the flamethrowers as `` guaranteed to liven up any party , '' drawing a huge reaction online .
`` When the zombie apocalypse happens , you 'll be glad you bought a flamethrower , '' he tweeted on Sunday . `` Works against hordes of the undead or your money back ! ''
Related : Can Elon Musk make subway tunnels cool again ?
The flamethrowers will start shipping in the spring , according to The Boring Company 's website . Musk said in a tweet that each flamethrower would be dispatched with a complimentary fire extinguisher .
The Boring Company previously sold 50,000 hats for $ 20 apiece in 2017 . The business is privately funded .
Related : Tesla wo n't pay Elon Musk unless ...
Not everyone is amused . Miguel Santiago , who serves in the California State Assembly , said he would file legislation to block the stunt .
`` We 've now seen some of the worst wildfires in California 's history , so handing out flame torchers for $ 500 is a really bad idea and bad public policy , '' he said .
-- Julia Horowitz and Bill Burke contributed to this report .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
When Daddy Turns Stuffed Toy !
In a picture that Shabir shared , his elder son is seen stuffing cake into daddy 's mouth . The actor shared the adorable moment with fans and captioned it as , `` Time to be a stuffed toy . # theadventuresofAI # sundayfun '' - ( sic )
Family Time In Kerala ?
In another pic , Shabir is seen posing with his beloved wife and two sons on a boat while bamboo rafting . Though the actor has n't mentioned the location , seems like it was taken on the backwaters of beautiful Kerala . He put up a cute caption saying , `` Row row row your boat ..... # lifeisbutadream # bamboorafting # backwaters # weekendvibes # lovingit # theadventuresofAI @ kanchikaul '' - ( sic )
Loving Father & Adorable Kids
This picture speaks a lot about Shabir 's loving father qualities . The fans could n't contain their happiness while witnessing such a cute moment . He captioned the image as , `` # localtransport # backwaters # theadventuresofAI # love '' - ( sic )
Wife & He
Shabir Ahluwalia and Kanchi Kaul tied the knot in 2011 and have become one of the cutest couples of television realm . At multiple occasion the duo is seen expressing love for each other . Shabir and Kanchi do set marriage goals , do n't they ?
The Official Family Shoot
This picture of Shabbir 's family is worth a thousand words . The candid and beautiful picture received immense appreciation by fans when the actor shared it on his Instagram handle . He simply captioned the picture with four hearts . Each heart representing one family member ? The actor seems to have fans all around the world as one of the comments said , `` PLEASE @ shabirahluwalia @ itisriti come to Turkey 🙏 There are many fans in Turkey who want to meet u both PLEASE ! COME HERE AND LOVE YOU ! `` - ( sic )
Best Healthy Breakfasts In MiamiHealth conscience folks around the globe say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day . After all , it has been 6 - 8 hours ( or more ) since your last meal . But what if you forgot to stop at the grocery store yesterday , or you do n't have time to prepare breakfast ? The answer may be just down the block . Fast food is okay , but it is generally made in a factory and just heated up ; not to mention the calories . Hop on over to one of the stores listed below to get a nice , healthy , down-home breakfast to fuel you up for the day ahead .
Chefs from Jeddah 's Mövenpick Resort Al-Nawras cooked up a storm to be crowned champions of the kitchen at Saudi Arabia 's first-ever inter-hotel culinary competition .
Pitted off against ten of the Kingdom 's finest hotels , the Mövenpick team came out on top as the chefs ' cooking prowess was put to the test by the contest 's “ Mystery Box ” challenge .
Each team was given three hours to whip up four courses using ingredients only revealed to them once they stepped inside the kitchen .
Their efforts were judged by four chefs from the Saudi Arabian Chefs ' Association ( SARCA ) and the Saudi Arabian Chefs Table Circle ( SACTC ) — and played out in front of thousands of spectators at The Hotel Show Saudi Arabia .
Around 50 dishes were served over the three-day “ Worldchefs Endorsed Competition . ”
It was eventually the Mövenpick 's five-man team that took home the gold medal .
Ali Salloum , executive chef at the Mövenpick Resort Al Nawras Jeddah , said : “ This is Al-Nawras my kitchen has participated in such a competition . It has been amazing to be given such an opportunity , and I am very proud of our team on winning the gold . ”
Chef Yasser Jad , founder and president of SARCA , and food and beverage manager at Saudi Arabian Airlines , chaired the jury .
“ We would like to congratulate Mövenpick Resort Al-Nawras Jeddah . They have done a marvellous job creating a simple , presentable and very tasty menu from some of the more tricky ingredients in the ‘ Mystery Box , ' including tuna for the starter , fresh vegetables for the soup , chicken for the main course , and the creation of a crème brûlée for dessert . This team also stood out for its excellent presentation and perfect portion sizes , ” Jad said .
Elaf Jeddah Hotel and Makarem Ajyad Makkah Hotel took the silver and bronze medals respectively , the latter being unique as it was the only team in the competition comprising entirely Saudi female chefs .
Jad said : “ We would like to thank all of the teams that took part in the competition for their outstanding efforts .
“ Through competitions such as these , Saudi Arabian Chefs ' Association aims to highlight the talent and skilled roles of chefs in the Kingdom . There are excellent opportunities available in the food and beverage sector here , and we seek to assist the goals set by Saudi Vision 2030 in increasing the number of jobs occupied by Saudi nationals in hospitality . ”
Chefs from Jeddah 's Mövenpick Resort Al-Nawras cooked up a storm to be crowned champions of the kitchen at Saudi Arabia 's first-ever inter-hotel culinary competition .
Pitted off against ten of the Kingdom 's finest hotels , the Mövenpick team came out on top as the chefs ' cooking prowess was put to the test by the contest 's “ Mystery Box ” challenge .
Each team was given three hours to whip up four courses using ingredients only revealed to them once they stepped inside the kitchen .
Their efforts were judged by four chefs from the Saudi Arabian Chefs ' Association ( SARCA ) and the Saudi Arabian Chefs Table Circle ( SACTC ) — and played out in front of thousands of spectators at The Hotel Show Saudi Arabia .
Around 50 dishes were served over the three-day “ Worldchefs Endorsed Competition . ”
It was eventually the Mövenpick 's five-man team that took home the gold medal .
Ali Salloum , executive chef at the Mövenpick Resort Al Nawras Jeddah , said : “ This is Al-Nawras my kitchen has participated in such a competition . It has been amazing to be given such an opportunity , and I am very proud of our team on winning the gold . ”
Chef Yasser Jad , founder and president of SARCA , and food and beverage manager at Saudi Arabian Airlines , chaired the jury .
“ We would like to congratulate Mövenpick Resort Al-Nawras Jeddah . They have done a marvellous job creating a simple , presentable and very tasty menu from some of the more tricky ingredients in the ‘ Mystery Box , ' including tuna for the starter , fresh vegetables for the soup , chicken for the main course , and the creation of a crème brûlée for dessert . This team also stood out for its excellent presentation and perfect portion sizes , ” Jad said .
Elaf Jeddah Hotel and Makarem Ajyad Makkah Hotel took the silver and bronze medals respectively , the latter being unique as it was the only team in the competition comprising entirely Saudi female chefs .
Jad said : “ We would like to thank all of the teams that took part in the competition for their outstanding efforts .
“ Through competitions such as these , Saudi Arabian Chefs ' Association aims to highlight the talent and skilled roles of chefs in the Kingdom . There are excellent opportunities available in the food and beverage sector here , and we seek to assist the goals set by Saudi Vision 2030 in increasing the number of jobs occupied by Saudi nationals in hospitality . ”
Source : BLS Not seasonally adjusted , in thousands
All those people fleeing south Florida to escape Hurricane Irma was bound to depress the number of Americans who were at work in September . And it sure as heck did .
The economy “ lost ” 33,000 jobs last month to mark the first decline since 2010 , the government said Friday .
How unusual is that ? The U.S. had created an average of 153,000 new jobs a month in the six months before Irma making landfall . And the economy had added new jobs for 83 straight months .
The 33,000 decline in employment , however , does n't even reflect the full impact of a storm that forced millions of people in the nation 's third most populous state to seek safe shelter .
Using a different measure of employment , a far larger 1.5 million people were not at work during the week in which the government conducted its regular survey of households .
That 's the highest number in 20 years .
Also Read : ‘ Predictably awful ' — what economists say about jobs report
The economy , of course , is vastly different now compared with September 2010 , the last time employment was negative .
The U.S. just completed its eighth year of economic expansion and shows little sign of old age . By contrast , the economy seven years ago was in the early stages of a recovery from the worst recession since World War II .
The good news ? The drop in September employment , like a bad dream , will fade quickly and be forgotten . Job creation is likely to spring back next month , and perhaps be even stronger than usual , with so many people having gone back to work .
Hiring could even get a boost from a temporary increase in the number of people employed to help clean up after the recent spate of hurricanes .
“ History tells us hurricane-related job losses are likely to recover quickly and we expect above-trend [ hiring ] numbers by the end of the year , ” said James Ragan , director of individual investor group research at D.A . Davidson & Co .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The UVIC Vikes defeated the Bishop Gaiters 92-84 Thursday night in pre-season USPORTS basketball at Belmont Secondary . Fourth-year guard Jordan Charles is expected to be a leader on the team this year , as the Brentwood College secondary grad returns to the court after missing nearly two years with a back injury .
A young couple ditched going out and drinking so they could save enough money to travel the world .
New York City university students Jess Roberts and Nathan Basista traveled to an astonishing 12 countries in 12 months – all because they saved their pennies .
Now the couple – who have been together since they were 16-year-old – plan to travel to twice as many countries in the same amount of time .
“ We saved every single moment during college , and worked several jobs to get whatever extra income we could , ” Roberts told Caters .
“ Then when we were travelling , we camped and cooked at home instead of getting pricey hotel rooms , ” she added .
Last year , the wanderlusters spent two weeks in Iceland , and two weeks in Alberta and British Columbia . They also made their way to Hawaii and spent a month road-tripping across the country .
“ So far , one of my favorite highlights has definitely been seeing the Northern Lights , ” Roberts told caters of her trip to Iceland .
“ Although the Northern Lights are elusive , the unpredictability makes chasing them that much more exciting . There 's nothing like the rush of seeing a night sky full of colorful , shimmering lights – it 's an otherworldly experience , ' she effused .
One their next trip , the couple plans to visit South East Asia and go to Hong Kong for the Chinese New Year .
The self-funded duo hopes their globetrotting will inspire others with little means to do the same .
“ This is our story about how we worked hard and dedicated our lives to pursuing our dreams and making them a reality , ” Roberts said .
“ Life is too short to wonder what if , ” she added .
LEWISBURG , Ohio ( WDTN ) – Emergency crews were called to a home in Lewisburg Sunday after a boy into a pool .
The Preble County Sheriff said Monday . Lewisburg Fire and EMS crews , as well as Preble County Deputies , were called to a home in the 4000 block of State Route 502 North around 10:30 Sunday morning .
A 911 caller told authorities a young boy fell into a pool and was not breathing .
The child was immediately taken to Kettering 's Preble Emergency Room where he was pronounced dead .
An initial investigation shows the child was two-years-old and was able to leave the house without the knowledge of the parents or the other children inside the house . The child is believed to have been unaccounted for approximately 30 minutes before the child 's mother found him in an above ground pool .
The Sheriff 's Office said the parents removed the child and immediately began CPR .
The child was transferred to the Montgomery County Coroner 's Office where an autopsy was scheduled for Monday .
The case remains under investigation by the Preble County Sheriff 's Office and the Preble County Coroner 's Office .
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news , weather and sports . To get alerts for breaking news , grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android . You can also sign up for email alerts here .
Do n't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
ERIN , Wis. -- Golf galleries are undisputedly the most well-behaved fan base in sports ( Ryder Cup excluded ) . Sadly , what they have in manners , they lack in fashion . It 's a bit of a head-scratcher ; for a game often derided for its aristocratic nature , that sentiment is not seen in its style .
Fortunately for you , we 're here to help . Here are 10 Do 's and Don'ts for dressing up for a golf tournament .
DO : Wear a collared shirt
Seems obvious , right ? Though it 's a minority , there 's still a considerable contingent of fans at Erin Hills donning a t-shirt . This is a gentleman 's game , and that creed should be seen in your ensemble .
DO N'T : Dress like a pro
This is why your kid gets bullied at the playground .
Pinterest Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images
DO : Show some individuality
There are 35,000 fans each day at Erin Hills ; you 're going to have some overlap in shirts seen . Nevertheless , if you have polo that 's idiosyncratic or quirky , do n't be afraid to let it fly .
That said ...
DO N'T : Go overboard in said uniqueness
Although if you think this is a good idea ...
... you 're already a lost cause .
DO : Buy a shirt from the merchandise tent
Yes , you might have to refinance your mortgage , but purchasing a logo shirt from an event commemorates your trip and earns some street cred from your golf brethren when you wear that bad boy out .
DO N'T : Immediately put it on
God bless your enthusiasm , but you look like a dork . Plus , you 're about to sweat your ass off ; you have to keep it pristine , you monster .
DO : Show your local , school , team pride
This is especially true if the entity in question is far away from the tournament site . My eyes have glazed over from all the Wisconsin Badgers apparel this week , but I damn sure remember the cat rocking a High Point U. golf shirt .
Pinterest Christian Petersen
DO N'T : Wear a jersey
The upset of the early week : only one Packers jersey sighting . A far cry from what we witnessed at the 2015 PGA Championship at Whistling Straits . I think this is progress .
DO : Model shirts from other tournaments or courses
It instills an aura of validity to your fandom , that this is n't your first rodeo . It could also be a conversation starter , drawing the interest of a fellow fan who may inquire about your experience .
DO N'T : Flaunt the Masters logo
You love Augusta National . I love Augusta National . We all love Augusta National . But the beautiful yellow-tinted USA emblem has become omnipresent at golf events . Wear your Masters gear with pride , just leave it in the closet when heading to another tournament .
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
Rani Mukerji Talks About Her Comeback After Motherhood
`` It was great . My journey into motherhood and coming back to work was amazing , because as a professional you do n't realise how much you miss your work , unless you take a break . ''
Motherhood Is Beautiful , Says Rani !
`` The experience of becoming a mother for the first time was just beautiful . After that , when I got back on set , I felt , ‘ oh my god , I just belong here ' , because suddenly everything just came back . ''
East Vs The West
`` In the West , there is no discrimination between actors and actresses , they can go ahead , get married , have babies , and have a parallel work life . In India , strangely , women are pushed to get married late and have a baby . They want actress to be single for a longer period of time , which is strange because our heroes get married early , they have children and continue to work . ''
The Times Are Changing !
`` But I think times are changing . It is our responsibility as actors to encourage actresses to get married early , have children and still pursue their career , '' Rani Mukerji summed it up to the Indian Express .
Kyle Busch is riding a phenomenally high wave of success early in the 2018 NASCAR Cup Series season .
Unlike last year when it took him 21 races to win his first checkered flag of the season , Busch has driven to Victory Lane in the last three consecutive races . And he 's the second driver this season to pull off the feat in 2018 – remember , there have been just nine races so far – following Kevin Harvick 's lead earlier in the year .
ATTN : ROWDY NATION @ KyleBusch is stoked to celebrate three in a row with you ! pic.twitter.com/1qMe4oOFN0 — NASCAR ( @ NASCAR ) April 22 , 2018
While defending Cup Series champ Martin Truex Jr. ended Harvick 's attempt at four in a row , Busch still has the opportunity to join an exclusive group of drivers who have pulled off the four-peat this weekend at Talladega Superspeedway .
As if Rowdy Nation does n't have is n't already pumped to see Busch 's early success , this stat should really get them excited . Per NASCAR :
In the modern era of NASCAR ( 1972 until now ) , eight drivers have won four consecutive races . Of those eight instances , the driver who accomplished the streak has won the series championship five times .
The five drivers who were champions in the same season they won four straight races are Cale Yarborough ( 1976 ) , Darrell Waltrip ( 1981 ) , Dale Earnhardt Sr. ( 1987 ) , Jeff Gordon ( 1998 ) and active driver Jimmie Johnson ( 2007 ) .
While winning four consecutive race wins guarantees nothing , especially this early in the season , Busch possibly extending his win streak is just one more indication that the No . 18 Toyota driver is running with one of the best teams and equipment on the track . His wins this season were at Texas Motor Speedway , Bristol Motor Speedway and , most recently , at Richmond Raceway on Saturday .
However , Busch has two major factors working against him going into Sunday 's GEICO 500 .
First , Talladega Superspeedway is one of NASCAR 's most chaotic and unpredictable tracks . At 2.66 miles long , it 's the longest track on the schedule , and because it 's so big , cars are required to race with restrictor plates to limit their speeds in the name of safety . However , that forces drivers to race bunched together in packs , opening the door for a tiny mistake to eliminate half the field .
While it 's possible Busch could win , it 's truly possible that * anyone * else could win too .
The other obstacle for Busch is his history at the track . He only has one Cup Series victory under his belt , and it was almost 10 years ago on the dot . But in the 18 Talladega races since his win , he 's racked up six top-10 finishes , five of which were top 5s .
At a track where competing is about survival , it 's anyone 's race . So it could lead to disaster for Busch – or possibly a fourth consecutive win , a place in NASCAR history and maybe even his second Cup Series championship months down the road .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — Jordan Murphy posted his 12th straight double-double to start the season with 24 points and 18 rebounds , and Minnesota held off Drake 68-67 on Monday night .
Amir Coffey added 16 points — all in the second half — and Nate Mason scored 12 for Minnesota ( 9-3 ) .
Ore Arogundade led the Bulldogs ( 5-5 ) with 15 points , while Graham Woodward added 15 and De'Antae McMurray 12 .
Dupree McBrayer 's 3-pointer with nine minutes to play gave Minnesota its first lead , 50-47 . His steal and dunk gave the Gophers their largest lead at 61-54 .
Woodward , a senior from nearby Edina , Minn. , hit a pair of free throws and a 3-pointer to cut Minnesota 's lead to 64-62 with two minutes to play . But Murphy scored off an offensive rebound and added another bucket in the low post .
Drake scored five points in the final six seconds , but the rally fell just short .
The Gophers missed their first six shots while 3-pointers by Woodward , McMurray and Noah Thomas gave Drake an 11-3 lead . After a timeout , Murphy scored eight straight points for Minnesota to tie it at 11 .
Minnesota shot just 30 percent from the field in the first half and the Bulldogs took advantage . Arogundade sank a pair of 3s and Drake built its lead back up to eight . Mason scored the last four points of the half as the Gophers pulled to within 28-24 .
McMurray and Thomas hit 3-pointers , and Reed Timmer sank three free throws early in the second half as Drake pulled ahead 41-32 .
BIG PICTURE
Drake : Bulldogs coach Niko Medved is a Minnesota native and alumnus , having served as a student manager under former Gophers coach Clem Haskins . Returning to Williams Arena in his first year at Drake , his squad certainly gave a team that is presumed to be a Big Ten contender all it could handle .
Minnesota : Coming off consecutive double-digit losses at Nebraska and Arkansas that knocked them out of the Top 25 , the Gophers did n't want to head into their 10-day finals break with a bad taste in their mouths . Mission partly accomplished . Minnesota got the win , but in a frustratingly ugly fashion for coach Richard Pitino .
UP NEXT :
Drake : Hosts Iowa on Saturday .
Minnesota : Hosts Oral Roberts on Dec. 21 .
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Russia 's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Most of us feel really good about the idea of there being a Black Princess in the royal family — but some are treating Meghan Markle and Prince Harry ‘ s engagement as if it considered a symbol of hope for Black Women .
For many black women , Meghan Markle 's engagement offers 'hope ' https : //t.co/eBI4OHshN4 pic.twitter.com/HQEBhFkqJt — Good Morning America ( @ GMA ) December 6 , 2017
I 'm crying at the idea that this woman marrying a white man is considered as a symbol of hope for black women .. LMAO . Black women are the hope . Delete this 😭 https : //t.co/b9kYzZDa08 — Kayla ✨ ( @ KaylaRenae_ ) December 7 , 2017
But Meghan is n't the first Black woman to marry into royalty , and certainly wo n't be the last . Hit the flip too see more Black Girl Royal Magic .
1 2 3 4 5 6Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
A heartbroken Dundee woman today told how drugs had “ wiped out ” her family — after her sister died of a suspected overdose .
Jamie Dunnigan 's sister Audrey , of Lochee , was found dead earlier this month at the age of 37 .
She now faces having to bury Audrey next to their dad Jim , who died earlier this year through a combination of drink and drugs , in a pauper 's grave .
Jamie says she has lost eight family members in total — including her mum Audrey Macleod , her gran and grandad , and two uncles — and claims all of their deaths have been linked to illicit substances .
The 36-year-old , whose family originally hails from St Mary 's , was told of her sister 's death after police turned up at her door in Ardler to break the sad news .
She told the Tele today : “ I 'm utterly devastated . It looks like Audrey died because of a drugs overdose .
“ I think it was accidental but I 'm still waiting to hear . ”
Jamie — who is on a methadone programme herself — said that although her sister had tried to come off drugs on several occasions , she was known to inject heroin .
She says that neither of them had ever got over the death of their mum from an overdose in 2011 , aged just 51 .
“ When our mum died it was just awful , ” Jamie said .
“ I carried out CPR on her but by that time it was too late — she had already gone and there was nothing I could do to save her .
“ Drugs have robbed me of my family and I now feel so utterly alone and lost . I do n't know where to turn for help but I 'm determined to stay strong .
“ My story is one of a Dundee family that has been wiped out because of drugs and I want to speak out so other families can hopefully avoid the nightmare I have had .
“ Drugs have always played a major part in my life and it needs to end here .
“ The only thing that is keeping me sane now is my children and I 'm going to do everything I can to protect them and keep them safe . ”
Jamie said she remembered both her mum and dad drinking and taking drugs as she and Audrey were growing up .
She continued : “ I actually remember standing at the door of our house selling drugs as a really young child .
“ No child should have to do that or live like that .
“ Even my grandparents used to take drugs .
“ It was normal to us . Now I know it 's definitely not normal . I 'm making sure my children , Marcus , 6 , and Shannon , 19 , never turn to drugs . ”
Jamie said that although drugs were her sister 's demon , she was a happy woman who loved socialising and being with other people .
“ Although there were lots of bad times , there were loads of really happy times too , ” said Jamie .
“ I love to think back to when mum , Audrey and I used to go berry picking in Blairgowrie when we were children .
“ Those used to be really happy days .
“ Now I ca n't even afford to bury her properly and she 's going to have to go beside our dad in the pauper 's grave at Birkhill Cemetery . ”
Sridevi Never Wanted Janhvi To Become An Actress
Explaining the reason behind this , Janhvi told Vogue , `` She ( Sridevi ) never wanted me to be an actress . She was more relaxed about Khushi getting into films . She thought I was naïve , that I was n't thick-skinned enough . She wanted us to live a more relaxed life . She loved what she did but you know it was intense . ''
Janhvi On Her Growing Years
`` My attendance in school was 30 per cent . I was always travelling with my parents . My education was on the sets . I would do well in history and English but beyond that I just about passed . After I finished school I wanted to do a bunch of courses-art history in Florence , fashion in London and acting in Los Angeles . So I started with acting , and soon I knew this is it , this is what I need to do . ''
On Coping With The Monumental Loss Of Her Mother
Janhvi said , `` The family has come together . It 's made us feel safe and secure . Even for papa ( Boney Kapoor ) , it 's a source of comfort . It has definitely tied us together . We 've lost mum , and I do n't think that 's a loss any of us will ever get over . ''
Janhvi Wants Dhadak To Be The Most Talked About Debut
She was quoted as saying to the magazine , `` I am so proud of my parents . I need to make them as proud of me . That has always been my motivation . I want mine to be ‘ the debut ' . But it comes from an honest and sincere place . Mum always told me , it 's not about the kind of role or movie you do ; you need to make an impression- that 's an actor 's job . She never encouraged jealousy or frustration . We 're capable of being happy for others . ''
On Being A Favourite With The Paparazzi
`` It 's flattering than anyone would care what I look like after the gym . I feel like I have n't done anything to earn that attention , so I do n't know how to react . Should I smile and wave because they 've been waiting and it 's courteous ? Or should I hide because I 'm sweaty ? ''
On She & Khushi Being A Fashionista Just Like Sridevi
`` I think other than films this is something that we have bonded over . We love clothes and are roughly the same size . We enjoy dressing up . Papa would call us `` three women on a mission '' when we shopped . He 's always been very into our look-he 'd approve them or make us change . And all of those photos of mom and me before events ? He clicked them ! ''
The Damage Is Irreparable
Talking about the void left with her mother 's demise , Janhvi said , `` I could always be the baby with her . When I 'd wake up , the first thing I 'd do was ask for her . I 'd need her to put me to sleep sometimes and she literally had to feed me . The day before she left for the wedding , I had to shoot , but I could n't sleep , so I was like , `` I need you to come and put me to sleep . '' But she was packing , so by the time she came to me I was half asleep . But I could feel her patting my head . ''
Heart-Breaking
Sridevi had watched 25 minutes footage of Jahnvi 's debut film Dhadak before she passed . Janhvi recalled , `` She was very technical about it . The first thing she told me was the things I needed to improve-she felt the mascara was smudged and it really bothered her . The second half has to be different , she told me , `` You ca n't wear anything on your face . '' That 's all she told me but she was happy . ''
Jahnvi 's First Magazine Cover Shoot
The pretty damsel looks mesmerizing sans any makeup in a beautiful printed dress . Well , we just ca n't wait to watch her slay the big screen as well .
iStock/Thinkstock ( OKLAHOMA CITY ) — The Oklahoma state legislature has advanced a bill that would require pregnant women seeking abortions to get permission from the baby 's father .
The Public Health Committee of the lower house of the state legislature approved the bill by 5-2 , advancing it to the floor of the Oklahoma House of Representatives .
The legislation would require women to get written consent from the baby 's father and to identify the father in writing to her physician before having an abortion . The measure would not apply in cases of rape , incest , or if the woman 's life is in danger .
If the person identified as the father wants to contest paternity , he can demand a DNA test , according to the bill summary .
The bill 's author , state Rep. Justin Humphrey , described pregnant women as “ hosts ” for fetuses in an interview with The Intercept , according to an article published Monday .
Humphrey told The Intercept that he wanted the father to have a say . “ I believe one of the breakdowns in our society is that we have excluded the man out of all of these types of decisions , ” he said .
As to women who want an abortion , Humphrey said , “ I 'm like , hey , your body is your body , and be responsible with it . But after you 're irresponsible then do n't claim , well , I can just go and do this with another body , when you 're the host and you invited that in . ”
Humphrey , a Republican , was elected in 2016 . ABC News could not immediately reach Humphrey for comment .
The bill has faced wide criticism , including the charge that it is unconstitutional under the 1992 Supreme Court ruling in Planned Parenthood v. Casey , which held that a Pennsylvania 's spousal-notification provision imposed an undue burden on women seeking abortions and was therefore invalid .
Laura McQuade , president and CEO of Planned Parenthood Great Plains , called Humphrey 's comments describing women as hosts “ repugnant , ” adding that although they are “ indicative ” of the “ political and media climate in which we live , ” it is “ shocking ” someone would feel comfortable “ saying it out loud . ”
“ This is an outrageous affront to women , women 's autonomy and women 's decisionmaking capacity , ” McQuade said of the bill .
McQuade contends the proposed law is unconstitutional under the 1992 court ruling . And he pointed to another Supreme Court decision last year in Whole Woman 's Health v. Hellerstedt , which McQuade said “ basically said that the state does not have the right to put in place barriers solely for the purpose of restricting abortion access . ”
“ If it is medically unnecessary , or if the intent of the law is solely to block the access to abortion , it is unconstitutional , ” McQuade said .
Abortion rights organization NARAL Pro-Choice America called the Oklahoma bill a “ dangerous escalation of efforts by a radical fringe to impose their rigid ideology on the rest of us . ”
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Alcohol involved in 17 percent of road deaths during holiday
hello
SPRINGFIELD , Ill. -- Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White is reminding motorists to avoid impaired or distracted driving during the July 4th holiday .
The Democrat says those who plan to drink alcohol during Independence Day celebrations should take public transportation , a cab or designate a sober driver .
White cited Illinois Department of Transportation statistics from the last two Fourth of July holidays . Combined , 17 percent of the traffic deaths during the holiday - six out of 35 - were alcohol-related .
And those driving sober should drive defensively . White says that the rate of alcohol impairment among motorists involved in fatal crashes is 3 Â½ times great at night than during that day . That 's according to the National Highway Transportation Administration .
Texting while driving is illegal and White says such distractions can be deadly .
A Ukrainian fighter pilot blamed by the Kremlin in the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17 has committed suicide , according to reports .
Capt . Vladyslav Voloshyn , 29 , who had claimed to be the victim of a smear campaign by Moscow , shot himself in his Mykolaiv home near the Black Sea , the BBC reported , citing local media .
Dutch authorities concluded that a Buk missile that had been moved from Russia into eastern Ukraine had destroyed the Boeing 777 jet , killing 298 people on July 17 , 2014 .
The findings contradicted Moscow 's claims that the plane — en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur — was brought down by the Ukrainian military .
Voloshyn , the recipient of a medal for bravery , had flown 33 combat missions in a Su-25 ground attack jet against Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine , according to the BBC .
He had been in charge of the Mykolaiv airport after resigning from the air force . The city near Odessa is called Nikolayev by Russian speakers .
Mykolaiv police posted a statement on Facebook in which they described Voloshyn 's death as a “ suicide ” — but it is being probed under the “ premeditated murder ” section of Ukraine 's penal code .
A military service pistol was found at the scene of his death .
Russian rebels targeted several Ukrainian jets after launching their insurgency in April 2014 , while many international airlines continued flying over the conflict zone .
The Malaysian plane 's high-altitude flight was thought to be safe despite warnings about the rebels ' missile capability .
Russian officials also alleged that a Ukrainian military Buk missile downed the airliner , but independent rejected their claims , saying the evidence pointed to a Buk fired by pro-Russian rebels or a Russian military unit .
Ukrainian media quoted Voloshyn 's relatives as saying he had been feeling depressed before he shot himself Sunday with his wife nearby .
Yuriy Butusov , a Ukrainian journalist who knew Voloshyn well , praised the pilot on Facebook as an exemplary airman who had fought bravely against the Russian-backed rebels .
Butusov expressed astonishment over Voloshyn 's death .
“ Dear Vlad , how can this be ? ! Why ? ! ” he wrote . “ He did n't let himself break down , he was n't depressed at all — he always acted as an exemplary officer . ”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Beaux Tox is a self-sustaining dog with a smushed face , a 9-5 job , a sophisticated collection of ties and a heap of followers on Instagram . Jamie Hulit Courtesy
The long-running cast member talks about the hard decision she made to leave the hit period drama
Call the Midwife fans are likely feeling melancholy as the series five finale saw the death of a long-running fan favourite .
Advertisement
Sister Evangelina , played by Pam Ferris , passed away in her sleep after suffering a stroke . The nuns and nurses of Nonnatus were left in shock , processing the loss of their dear friend and colleague , while the residents of Poplar rallied around to offer support and pay their respects .
It was a sad watch for Midwife fans but it was a tough decision for actress Pam Ferris to make , too .
“ Making the decision to leave Call the Midwife was a wrench , ” the 67-year-old admits , going on to say she 'll miss the friends she 's made on the set of the long-running drama .
“ Because I then became involved with telling the story to the best of my ability , there was no time to feel regret , ” she continued .
Advertisement
“ I 'll miss my friends on set – in front of and behind the camera – and I 'll miss my habit which is so well worn and comfortable . But I sha n't miss my wimple ! ”
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico — Puerto Rico 's new governor has been sworn in as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis .
Ricardo Rossello was sworn on Monday and proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis . Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence .
“ The United States can not pretend to be a model of democracy for the world while it discriminates against 3.5 million of its citizens in Puerto Rico , depriving them of their right to political , social and economic equality under the U.S. flag , ” Rossello said in his inaugural speech , delivered in Spanish . “ There is no way to overcome Puerto Rico 's crisis given its colonial condition . ”
The new governor said he would hold elections to choose two senators and five representatives and send them to Washington to demand statehood , similar to what Tennessee did in the 1790s in its push for statehood .
Rossello also aims to boost public-private partnerships and use that revenue to save a retirement system that faces a $ 40 billion deficit . Rossello has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created to oversee Puerto Rico 's finances . He said he supports negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $ 70 billion public debt .
Rossello announced that he has already signed six executive orders , among them are efforts to promote bilingual education and to eliminate the wage gap for female government employees .
Supporters rallied outside the Capitol on Monday cheering the new governor , many waving U.S. flags .
NASHVILLE ( August 14 , 2017 ) – Tennessee Gov . Bill Haslam issued this statement today regarding the bust of Nathan Bedford Forrest in the State Capitol :
“ My position on this issue has not changed – I do not believe Nathan Bedford Forrest should be one of the individuals we honor at the Capitol . The General Assembly has established a process for addressing these matters and I strongly encourage the Capitol Commission and the Historical Commission to act . ”
Image caption The victim was found with multiple injuries at the business in Essex
Two men have admitted burglary and firearm offences after an attack at an Essex launderette in which a man died .
Harrison Fryer , 24 , and Jerome Johnson , 36 , both from Watford , pleaded guilty at Basildon Crown Court to aggravated burglary and possessing an imitation firearm .
It follows the death of Paul Robertson , 39 , at Baylee 's launderette in Grays on 4 December , Essex Police said .
Three other men will face trial in August in connection with the incident .
Image caption Two men have admitted offences after the attack in Grays in December
Image caption The attack happened inside Baylee 's launderette in Grays
Joseph Pearl , 28 , of Charter Place , Watford , Michael Williams , 35 , of Old Farm Park , Milton Keynes and Christopher Salvador , 31 , of Hemming Way , Watford , all pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary .
Mr Robertson died of multiple injuries inside the launderette in Southend Road .
A 39-year-old man from Grays , arrested on suspicion of murder at the scene , has been released without charge .
Josh Gordon says Packers CB Demarious Randle ‘ could n't hold my jock strap '
Josh Gordon looked like he could be in for a monster day after he caught two big passes in the first quarter of Sunday 's game , but Green Bay Packers cornerback Demarious Randall did a solid job covering him the rest of the way . Did Randle earn the right to brag about it ? That depends on who you ask .
After the game , Randle was asked about his performance against Gordon . He was beaming with confidence .
How well did # Packers CB Damarious Randall cover # Browns WR Josh Gordon ? “ He had one catch , ” Randall said . “ Any more questions ? ” https : //t.co/xXwCq9JWOi — Packers News ( @ PGPackersNews ) December 11 , 2017
Gordon was n't all that impressed . While he complimented the Packers for grinding out an overtime win , he hinted that he would torch Randall if the Cleveland Browns were a better team overall .
Great Win for them but let 's be serious .. Considering several of our disadvantages as a team , this kid could n't hold my jock strap on my worst day lol .. @ RandallTime https : //t.co/ennvwjTMUH — Flash Gordon ( @ JOSH_GORDONXII ) December 11 , 2017
After seeing Gordon 's tweet , Randall did n't hold back .
“ You must be on that s— again , ” he replied .
Gordon ended up with three catches for 69 yards , including one that was an extremely acrobatic touchdown reception early on . Just one of those catches came when Randall was covering him .
Obviously , Gordon would be far more difficult to cover if he had a better quarterback than DeShone Kizer throwing to him . Still , Randall deserves credit for shutting him down in man coverage . Gordon has looked as athletic as ever in his first two games back .
Millennials are now leading the pack of home buyers , and what 's one incentive driving them to take the mortgage plunge ? Their dogs .
A recent survey conducted by Harris Poll on behalf of SunTrust Mortgage found that 33 percent of millennial home buyers ' decision to buy a home was driven chiefly by their dog . Furry friends outranked wedding bells ( 25 percent cited marriage as their top motivator for buying a home ) and kids , too ( only 19 percent said birth of a child was their prime incentive ) .
And even those millennials who do n't yet own a home but are planning to are prioritizing pups , with 42 percent of those surveyed by SunTrust saying a dog — present or future — is a key factor in their home purchasing decisions .
Stefan Cioata / Getty Images
Oh , the Inhumanity of Apartment Dog-Dwelling
Certainly , this was true for 25-year-old Gwen Werner and her husband . They just bought a house so they could get a dog and not feel guilty about the pup being cooped up in an apartment all day .
`` It felt inhumane having a dog live in a third-floor apartment without any space to run around , '' said Werner . `` I 'm glad that was our route , as we have a dog who has way too much energy for an apartment setting . ''
Werner adds that she and her husband bought their house in May . They rescued their pup , a German Shepherd mix in June .
The desire to give one 's dog the best life possible is one that real estate brokers see frequently among their millennial clientele .
`` All the time they mention their dogs , '' said Lee Fowler , a real estate agent with Coldwell Banker Triad in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , adding that just under half of his clients are millennials . `` A lot of times they 'll go into the house , through the kitchen , and then walk right into backyard and say 'This will work perfectly for my dog . ' Or they 'll look to see whether there 's a fence , or if they can make one for their dog . ''
High-Maintenance Pooches ?
Sure , yards are great , but what about a dog-washing station ? Millennials may also be on the hunt for a home that has deluxe amenities for their dog .
“ Our sales center has found that millennials are particularly attracted to dog-related amenities , ” said Marilyn Osborn Patterson , marketing director and legal counsel for Norton Commons in Louisville , Kentucky , which she says has about 1200 residences . `` Demand has been really strong , so we just completed our third dog park . All of them include entry vestibules for safety , fresh running water , and seating for pet owners . Millennials favor parks and walking trails and an active lifestyle alongside their dogs , so we added pet waste stations to keep things looking good . In new home builds , we see a lot of people putting in dog-washing stations . ”
It could sound a bit over the top . But it 's actually not that ridiculous when you consider that millennials tend to regard their pets as family members — arguably more so than any generation prior .
Related : Social Media Users Post About Their Dogs Six Times a Week
`` Millennials have grown up in a different world than boomers and Gen-Xers , and it has impacted the way they see dogs , '' said Laura Schenone , author of The Dogs of Avalon : The Race to Save Animals in Peril . `` For one thing , this generation is more educated than any before : 27 percent of millennial women have a bachelor 's degree , compared with 14 percent of boomers and 20 percent of Gen-Xers . There is research to show that the college educated are more aware of the environment and the natural world , which includes animals . ''
Perhaps it 's the popularity of animal shows like The Dog Whisperer , or just being able to access so much information on the web — whatever it is , millennials have evolved past boomer thinking about what makes Fido a good boy .
`` Back in the '70s , my parents thought they were being good and responsible [ dog owners by using ] punishment and choke collars , '' said Schenone . `` Now , as behavioral science has advanced , we know that dogs respond better toward positive training and rewards-based punishment . ''
Still Cheaper Than Kids
And while more and more millennials are becoming parents , there are still quite a few who are waiting to have kids , or who have decided not to have children . And not even the fanciest digs for your dog come close to the cost of bringing up baby : A dog is flat out cheaper than a kid .
`` Some millennials say they are having dogs [ instead ] of children , '' said Schenone . `` That 's a leap , but not hard to believe ; after all , they are less well off than boomers and Gen-Xers were at their age , and more burdened by student loans and debt . Everybody needs love and a family : dogs are cheaper , easier , and provide love . ''
What Home-Buying Dog Owners Need to Know
Everybody needs love and also , everybody needs a place to live . Anyone with a dog who has rented knows that the odds are stacked against them . Property managers tend to lump on fee after fee , along with tons of restrictions , if they 're even so generous as to allow a dog . The millennial who is ready to buy a home has possibly become sick and tired by the pricey rigmarole that goes along with renting with a dog . They want a place to hang their hat — and their pup 's leash — without a big fuss .
But buyer beware : If you 're purchasing a condo or an apartment , Home Ownership Associations can present similar obstacles for your pooch .
`` Most HOAs will allow dogs but have weight limits ( around 25 pounds ) , which excludes many breeds , '' said Jeffrey A. Hensel , a real estate agent and the sales and marketing director at North Coast Financial .
A millennial and a devout dog owner , Hensel says it took him a year to find his current condo in San Diego — all because of the “ dog requirement . ”
Related : Five Millennial Jobs That Parents Will Never Understand
Prospective home buyers with pups should certainly check to see if an HOA is involved , and what it requires . Beyond that , buyers must also disclose to their home insurance agent information about their dog .
Lovable as your mutt is , it could be considered high-risk based solely on its breed .
`` I recommend being open and honest with your insurance company , '' said Ava Lynch , a licensed insurance agent who works at The Zebra , and a volunteer for Austin Pets Alive . `` A lot of times , your insurance company wo n't deny you coverage because of the dog you own ; they might just charge you a little extra for what they see as an increased risk ( i.e. , your `` dangerous '' dog ) , or they will simply not cover your dog in your liability portion . But if you lie and you need to file a dog bite claim , you risk being denied coverage and forced to cover any damages your dog causes out-of-pocket . ''
Looks like not even owning a home can eradicate all the annoying fine print and fees of having a dog . It 's a dog eat dog world , indeed .
It sounds like Brandon Marshall may want a pair of those Odell Beckham Jr. custom-designed cleats .
The new Giants wide receiver raved about the shoes Beckham wore on Tuesday — footwear that gave a nod to several media outlets , including ESPN , TMZ , the Wall Street Journal and The Post — featuring their logos with “ SHHHHH ! ! ! ” superimposed on them . Beckham has been criticized for skipping all 10 of the team 's Organized Teams Activities , where attendance is n't mandatory but expected , instead hanging out with the likes of Johnny Manziel and Iggy Azalea .
“ That was pretty cool , ” Marshall said Wednesday after the second of three minicamp practices . “ It was fun . You should have fun with the media and this whole process . Obviously , we 're here to win ball games , and you have to stay focused , but I love it .
“ I 'm that type of guy . I thought the shoes were cool . … As long as he takes that and uses it as fuel to continue to work and be the best , we 'll be good . ”
CULVER CITY — The city has won two Beacon Spotlight Awards , a Platinum Award in Agency Energy Savings and a Gold Award in Sustainable Best Practice Activities .
To earn the Platinum Award in Agency Energy Savings , the city decreased its energy usage by 26 percent since 2006 through implementation of turnkey energy efficiency projects citywide and by taking advantage of enhanced incentives and rebates .
In 2014 , the city upgraded interior and exterior lighting to light-emitting diode lights , optimized heating and air conditioning equipment and implemented a new energy management system to manage those components .
The city has saved over 700,000 kilowatts annually , the equivalent to saving 1,150 tons of carbon dioxide or taking 225 cars off the road .
The city 's Gold Award in Sustainable Best Practice Activities was achieved by fulfilling three voluntary achievements within each of 10categories of sustainable best practices : energy efficiency and conservation , water and wastewater systems , waste reduction and recycling , green building activity , climate-friendly purchasing , renewable energy and low-carbon fuels , efficient transportation , land use and community development , open space and offsetting carbon emissions , and community and individual actions .
The energy efficiency efforts underscore the city 's commitment to sustainability and to addressing climate change by implementing energy efficient projects and adopting best practices that lower greenhouse gas emissions .
California 's Beacon Program gives local governments an opportunity to share best practices that promote healthier , more vibrant , resilient and sustainable communities . The program showcases voluntary efforts made by local governments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through energy efficiency projects and implementation of policies and programs that promote sustainability .
Price : £14.99
Developer : StudioMDHR
Publisher : StudioMDHR
Platform ( s ) : PC , Xbox One
Version Reviewed : PC
It 's fitting that Cuphead is about making a deal with the devil , because StudioMDHR 's game is just as sly , merciless , and cruel as the cloven-footed man downstairs . Cuphead lures the player in with its delightful animation , promising a luxurious bath of childhood nostalgia , surrounded by grinning anthropomorphic vegetables and cheerful boxing frogs . The moment you close your eyes , however , Cuphead bashes you over the head with a giant cartoon mallet until tiny little Cupheads dance in front of your eyes .
It 's as challenging as it is gorgeous ( and boy , is it gorgeous ) . But what about the game that lies beneath ? Well , if we think of Cuphead as a playable animation , then the emphasis is undoubtedly on animation first , playable second . Cuphead demands a lot of the player , but it does n't give back much in return . Like a fairground automaton , you can touch , prod , and even hit Cuphead as much as you like , but whatever you do to it , it 's never going to say anything other than its recorded lines .
Cuphead inverts the typical structure of platform games . Normally , you 'd expect lengthy sections of side-scrolling platforming punctuated by the occasional boss battle . In Cuphead , boss battles are the main attraction . Each of its three islands is home to five or six unique bosses whose souls you must collect in order to fulfil Cuphead 's ill-thought-out bargain with Lucifer . There 's the occasional “ run-and-gun ” level which is more like a traditional jumping game , but these act mainly as a palette cleanser , a quick ( ish ) distraction on the road to another titanic encounter .
At a conceptual level , this works superbly with Cuphead 's theme and aesthetic . Each of these battles is framed like an early twentieth century cartoon short , complete with a black-and-white title-card before the main event . The battle unfolds like an escalating animation plot , with the boss proceeding through increasingly extravagant forms . To give one example , a blue-and-red circus clown charges you with a bumper car , then transforms into a balloon-man controlling snapping balloon dogs , then rides a hobby-horse that fires glowing horseshoes from its mouth , before finally transforming into a gigantic carousel spitting out balloon penguins .
The creativity on show is astonishing , as is the meticulous nature of the developer 's animation . The surreal metamorphoses each character goes through are oozing with period detail , as are the scratchy jazz soundtracks composed specifically for the game . Indeed , perhaps my favourite thing in the game is the barbershop song that plays over the menu screen , which both sets the tone perfectly and gives you a rundown of the plot .
What is most striking , however , is the sinister edge lent to each of the animations , the ways in which character 's smiles are balanced between cheerful and malevolent , the way smaller characters are distinguished by their haunting black eyes , the disturbingly direct manner in which the cartoons deal with death , such as how one boss turns into a tombstone in his final form , attempting to slam down on Cuphead and squash him flat . Each stage of Cuphead is simultaneously a carnivalesque dreamscape and a grotesque nightmare . It 's a strange , almost hypnotic experience .
Perhaps a state of hypnosis is the best way to play Cuphead , as your concentration needs to be absolute to beat some of its later stages . Cuphead makes no bones about its difficulty . Each boss has around four phases that it goes through , and as standard Cuphead only has three health points before he dies and the level restarts , mastering these fights is always a battle of attrition , learning the movements of each phase and figuring out precisely how to avoid them .
For the most part , I think the challenge is well distributed . Though tough , each fight usually lasts no more than three minutes , so losing an individual bout is n't as painful as it could be . What 's more , there are various ways to provide yourself with an edge , including perks that bolster your health or provide Cuphead with a second of invulnerability when he dodges . You can also opt for 'Simple ' difficulty , which alters and even strips out certain phases of the fights to make them easier . But you can only fight the final boss once you 've completed all the other bosses on regular difficulty , so Simple-minded players will have to step up if they want to complete the game .
That said , there are some fights that are orders of magnitude more difficult than others . 'Sugarland Shimmy ' is already well on its way to infamy , but I found the aforementioned clown battle to be controller-smashing stuff . Often , it 's small elements deliberately designed to disrupt your flow that are the most frustrating , such as a tiny jellybean who walks almost unnoticed across the bottom of the screen . At these points , it feels less like the designers are challenging you , and more like they 're deliberately trying to annoy you .
But one man 's granite is another man 's granola , and although I found some of the game 's bosses too unpleasant to enjoy , I can also see the appeal of wanting to beat those bosses . The problems I have to do with Cuphead are less about the act of defeating those bosses and more to do with the act of fighting them .
To battle his opponents , Cuphead has a bunch of abilities at his disposal . His basic attack is a pea-shooter that fires a stream of bullets at enemies and whittles away their health . In addition , by charging up 'cards ' Cuphead can enact a variety of super attacks , from turning himself into a bomb to spraying enemies with soda from his straw . Yet while all of these attacks are superbly animated , none of them are particularly satisfying , because the bosses offer little to no feedback when taking damage . All that happens is they move to the next form faster , before ultimately collapsing at the end .
Consequently , Cuphead 's boss battles feel less like an actual fight and more like you 're threading yourself through the cogs and gears of a giant , indifferent machine . There are no on-screen cues to inform you how far into a battle you are , and endlessly holding down a button to gradually erode an invisible health bar is not particularly enjoyable . I do n't feel like I 've won at the end of a Cuphead battle , merely that I have survived . There 's a critical lack of dynamism to Cuphead 's play ; all you ever do is respond to its cues , while it hardly ever responds to yours .
Ultimately , Cuphead 's systems end up as slaves to the art . Those stunning and meticulous hand-drawn animations do n't possess the flexibility of more procedural or 3D art , and that means its encounters , while visually dynamic , are systemically very static , and that impacts upon the feeling of progress and play . Cuphead may be like nothing you 've ever seen , but as something you play there are better and more enjoyable challenges out there .
By retiring the first two White Sox in the seventh inning Monday night , Adam Warren had faced 22 hitters this season and gotten them all out .
Then he issued a walk in the seventh , a single in the eighth and a single and an RBI double in the ninth .
“ There were a lot of firsts , '' Warren said . “ First walk , first hit and first run . ''
Still , Warren gives Joe Girardi something the manager did n't have last year before Warren was reacquired from the Cubs in late July or after he returned : a dependable multi-inning reliever who can pitch anywhere in the game . In 2 ¹/₃ innings in Monday night 's 7-4 win over the White Sox , Warren gave up a run , a walk and three hits .
“ I am better , '' Warren said . “ It 's confidence and throwing with conviction . I am throwing more strikes . ''
After going 12-for-69 ( .174 ) with runners in scoring position in their previous seven games ( all wins ) , the Yankees were 3-for-7 Monday night with the big blow Matt Holliday 's three-run homer in the five-run third inning . Holliday had been hitless in his previous dozen at-bats and missed the previous two games with lower-back stiffness .
Combine Monday night 's performance with Sunday 's 4-for-7 in which Greg Bird homered with a runner on third and the Yankees are 7-for-14 ( .500 ) in the past two games .
“ No , because it 's a small sample , '' said Girardi , whose hitters are batting .213 ( 26-for-122 ) with runners in scoring position in the first 13 games , when asked if the paltry numbers were bothersome . “ You can look at it two different ways . You can look at it that we are n't hitting with runners in scoring position or you can look that we are getting a lot of runners on .
“ I believe it 's going to change where they are going to start hitting with runners in scoring position . As long as our approach stays good and guys do n't start swinging wildly and remain patient , good things are going to happen . ''
Bird had his best game of the young season Sunday night when he went 3-for-3 with a two-run homer , a double , a single and a walk but he was n't in the lineup against lefty Derek Holland on Monday night .
“ We feel that [ Bird ] is an every-day player and Holland is really tough on lefties , '' said Girardi , who started the right-handed hitting Chris Carter at first base and batted him seventh . “ We got as many righties in there as we could . ''
Bird hit for Carter in the eighth . After striking out he remained in the game at first base .
The lone lefty swinger in Girardi 's lineup was Jacoby Ellsbury and there was a good reason for it since he was hitting .444 ( 8-for-18 ) against Holland . Brett Gardner , a 167 ( 1-for-6 ) hitter off Holland , was n't in left field . Switch-hitter Aaron Hicks replaced Gardner . Hicks , who homered in each of the previous three games , was 0-for-3 against Holland .
Ellsbury went 2-for-3 against Holland .
Your browser does not support iframes .
James Kaprielian will undergo Tommy John surgery on his right elbow Tuesday in California .
Girardi said Didi Gregorius is scheduled to play in a minor league rehab game this week , but was n't sure of the exact date . Since the shortstop started the season on the DL with a right shoulder problem suffered while playing second base for the Netherlands in the WBC , the Yankees have n't had their regular lineup for one game yet . And with Gary Sanchez out since April 9 with a right biceps injury that has him on the DL , Girardi has been forced to use multiple lineups .
“ You would like to have some consistency and you remember the first three or four days we used pretty much the same lineup , '' said Girardi , who used the same lineup for the first four games and a different one for the following nine including Monday night . “ We started to get dinged up a little bit and we had some sickness and guys were really struggling so we moved guys around . You would like to have some consistency . ''
Nationwide survey finds emphasizing real-life applications of science in particular could change parent perceptions and help kids learn
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Though more than half of parents with school-aged children say math or science is their child 's favorite subject , they more readily understand how reading and writing skills impact future success , according to a new study released today by Science Everywhere , an initiative by the Overdeck Family Foundation and the Simons Foundation to catalyze outside-school math and science learning . Science in particular is viewed differently than the other three subjects : More than 80 percent of parents believe having a strong background in reading , writing , and math is `` very important '' in order to get a good job , but just 59 percent say the same for science .
`` Parents ' understanding of science and its value is so important in helping kids also understand and love science , '' said Marilyn Simons , president of the Simons Foundation . `` That 's why it 's vital to ensure parents realize that the skills gained by doing and experiencing science firsthand are incredibly valuable throughout life . ''
The data indicate that misperceptions of what science is impact parent sentiment . The study found that 45 percent of parents believe science skills are only necessary for careers in science and that most Americans do n't have much need for them . Relatedly , only 56 percent of parents said they use science skills on at least a daily basis , compared with 88 percent for writing and 93 percent for reading .
`` Parents can easily show that throwing a football and baking a cake are science in action . Most people do n't equate these activities with physics and chemistry , but in fact these examples show kids that science will help them in daily life , '' said Laura Overdeck , chair of Overdeck Family Foundation . `` We need to show kids that science is alive and relevant for every student , not just for the future career scientists . ''
The study also found that parents tend to grade their children strongly in all academic subjects . At least 75 percent gave their children an `` A '' or `` B '' in reading , writing , math , and science . But recent National Assessment of Educational Progress test results show that only 33 % and 32 % of U.S. students on average are performing at or above proficient in math and science respectively .
Conversely , parents are less confident in their own skills , particularly when it comes to math and science . Nearly 90 percent of parents gave themselves an `` A '' or `` B '' in reading , but just 68 percent said the same for math and 64 percent for science . Only 32 percent gave themselves an `` A '' in science , while nearly double that number ( 63 percent ) gave themselves an A in reading .
This nationwide survey , conducted by Morning Consult on behalf of Science Everywhere , polled just over 2,500 Americans with school-aged children in February/March 2017 .
The findings of the study support the need for initiatives like Science Everywhere that encourage kids and parents to explore math and science in fun , hands-on ways outside of class .
Through Science Everywhere , Overdeck Family Foundation and the Simons Foundation are providing nearly half a million dollars to match every donation to qualifying outside-school math and science projects submitted by classroom teachers to DonorsChoose.org . At the end of the challenge , a panel of judges will award five $ 5,000 prizes to the teachers who submit the best ideas . The winning teachers will be announced on September 5 , 2017 .
Teachers interested in participating in the challenge can access more information about submitting projects here . Members of the public interested in supporting a classroom project can visit this page to find a request that speaks to them .
About Overdeck Family Foundation
Demonstrating a passion and commitment to the future of American education , John and Laura Overdeck established the Overdeck Family Foundation in 2011 . The foundation seeks to help all kids achieve their greatest potential by funding compelling , innovative programs and projects that have proven , quantifiable results .
About the Simons Foundation
Established in 1994 , the Simons Foundation is a private foundation dedicated to advancing the frontiers of research in mathematics and the basic sciences . Science Sandbox , an initiative of the Simons Foundation , seeks to unlock scientific thinking by engaging people with the process of science .
About DonorsChoose.org
Founded in 2000 by a Bronx history teacher , DonorsChoose.org has raised $ 500 million for America 's classrooms . Teachers come to DonorsChoose.org to request the materials and experiences they need most for their classrooms , and donors give to the projects that inspire them . To date , nearly 2.5 million people and partners have funded projects on the site , reaching 21.6 million students and making DonorsChoose.org the leading platform for supporting U.S. public schools .
LEXINGTON , MA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Aldeyra Therapeutics , Inc. ( NASDAQ : ALDX ) ( Aldeyra ) , a biotechnology company focused primarily on the development of new products for inflammation , inborn errors of metabolism , and other diseases that are thought to be related to endogenously generated toxic and pro-inflammatory chemical species known as aldehydes , today announced that the last patient has completed dosing in Aldeyra 's multi-center , double-blind , randomized Phase 2b clinical trial of ADX-102 in allergic conjunctivitis .
Todd C. Brady , M.D. , Ph.D. , President and CEO of Aldeyra , commented , `` We are excited to complete enrollment and dosing of patients in our allergic conjunctivitis Phase 2b clinical trial . The ability to enroll 150 patients in just over two months speaks to the prevalence of allergic conjunctivitis , which may affect up to 20 % of the population worldwide . For the approximately one million patients in the United States who do not respond to or can not tolerate currently available medications , ADX-102 could represent a new and compelling therapeutic option . ''
In accordance with discussions with the United States Food and Drug Administration , the Phase 2b clinical trial tested 0.1 % and 0.5 % concentrations of topical ocular ADX-102 against saline . Each of the three groups in the trial was comprised of 50 patients with a history of allergic conjunctivitis . Consistent with clinical trials used for registration of other drugs in allergic conjunctivitis , patients in the Phase 2b trial were treated with a single dose of drug or saline in both eyes , followed by challenge with topically administered allergen . Patient-reported ocular itching will be assessed as the primary endpoint .
In 2016 , Aldeyra announced that topical ocular 0.5 % ADX-102 demonstrated statistically superior reductions from drug vehicle in ocular itching following allergen challenge in a Phase 2a clinical trial .
About Aldeyra Therapeutics
Aldeyra Therapeutics , Inc. is a biotechnology company devoted to improving lives by inventing , developing and commercializing products that treat diseases thought to be related to endogenous aldehydes , a naturally occurring class of pro-inflammatory and toxic molecules . Aldeyra 's lead product candidate , ADX-102 , is an aldehyde trap in development for ocular inflammation , as well as for Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome and Succinic Semi-Aldehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency , two inborn errors of aldehyde metabolism . ADX-102 has not been approved for sale in the U.S. or elsewhere .
About Allergic Conjunctivitis
Allergic conjunctivitis is a common allergic disease that is thought to be mediated in part by pro-inflammatory aldehydes , and is characterized by inflammation of the conjunctiva ( a membrane covering part of the front of the eye ) , resulting in ocular itching , excessive tear production , lid swelling , and redness .
Safe Harbor Statement
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , including statements regarding Aldeyra 's plans for its product candidates . Aldeyra intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . In some cases , you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as `` may , '' `` might , '' `` will , '' `` objective , '' `` intend , '' `` should , '' `` could , '' `` can , '' `` would , '' `` expect , '' `` believe , '' `` anticipate , '' `` project , '' `` target , '' `` design , '' `` estimate , '' `` predict , '' `` potential , '' `` aim , '' `` plan '' or the negative of these terms , and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements . Such forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks , changes in circumstances , assumptions and uncertainties . Aldeyra is at an early stage of development and may not ever have any products that generate significant revenue . Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in Aldeyra 's forward-looking statements include , among others , the timing of enrollment , commencement and completion of Aldeyra 's clinical trials , the timing and success of preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by Aldeyra and its development partners ; the ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval to conduct clinical trials and to commercialize Aldeyra 's product candidates , and the labeling for any approved products ; the scope , progress , expansion , and costs of developing and commercializing Aldeyra 's product candidates ; the size and growth of the potential markets for Aldeyra 's product candidates and the ability to serve those markets ; Aldeyra 's expectations regarding Aldeyra 's expenses and revenue , the sufficiency of Aldeyra 's cash resources and needs for additional financing ; the rate and degree of market acceptance of any of Aldeyra 's product candidates ; Aldeyra 's expectations regarding competition ; Aldeyra 's anticipated growth strategies ; Aldeyra 's ability to attract or retain key personnel ; Aldeyra 's ability to establish and maintain development partnerships ; Aldeyra 's expectations regarding federal , state and foreign regulatory requirements ; regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries ; Aldeyra 's ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for its product candidates ; the anticipated trends and challenges in Aldeyra 's business and the market in which it operates ; and other factors that are described in the `` Risk Factors '' and `` Management 's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations '' sections of Aldeyra 's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and available on the SEC 's website at www.sec.gov . Additional factors may be described in those sections of Innoviva 's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , to be filed with the SEC in the second quarter of 2017.All of Aldeyra 's development timelines may be subject to adjustment depending on recruitment rate , regulatory review , preclinical and clinical results , and other factors that could delay the initiation or completion of clinical trials .
In addition to the risks described above and in Aldeyra 's other filings with the SEC , other unknown or unpredictable factors also could affect Aldeyra 's results . No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from such statements . The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release , and Aldeyra undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release on account of new information , future events , or otherwise , except as required by law .
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week .
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 *
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
Other Subscription options :
Robert Fernander named Chairman Emeritus
CAMPBELL , CA and LONDON , UNITED KINGDOM -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Nexsan™ , a global leader in unified storage solutions , today announced the appointment of Ron Bienvenu as CEO . Bienvenu was appointed Vice Chairman in January and takes on the CEO role effective immediately , replacing Robert Fernander who has been appointed Chairman Emeritus .
Bienvenu has more than 25 years of broad industry and leadership experience where he has held several key executive positions , including CEO at Process Software , and founder and CEO of SageMaker , Inc. Bienvenu is also the Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Spear Point Capital Management LLC , which earlier this year played a key role in the separation of Nexsan from Imation Corp .
Robert Fernander has agreed to an intended arrangement to which Mr. Fernander will transition from the role of Nexsan 's Chief Executive Officer to its Chairman Emeritus and a member of its Board of Directors . The transition will become effective pending the finalization of a separation agreement with Mr. Fernander .
`` Nexsan has a leading portfolio of storage solutions and the launch of Unity last year has laid the groundwork for continued growth with this truly differentiated solution , '' said Ron Bienvenu , CEO Nexsan . `` The tremendous potential with Nexsan and Unity is what drove our investment at Spear Point , and I am enthusiastic about leading a team that is just as passionate as I am about this company and its opportunity . I am also pleased that we can look to Bob Fernander to continue to provide his considerable industry knowledge and assistance as we grow . I speak for all of Nexsan and the board of directors in saying Bob has laid a strong foundation that we will use to drive significant growth over the coming years . ''
In further moves following the transition to becoming a privately held company , Nexsan has officially announced :
Dr. Geoff Barrall has been appointed as COO . Dr. Barrall was formerly CTO at Nexsan and prior to that founder and CEO at Connected Data .
John Westfield has been appointed as CFO , after joining as a consultant in April 2016 . Westfield joined Nexsan from HGST and has more than 20 years of experience in corporate and operational finance and accounting in both public and private companies .
Rounding out the executive team are Tony Craythorne , Sr. VP of WW Sales , and Victoria Grey , CMO .
About Nexsan
Nexsan™ is leading the way in redefining unified storage . The company has been at the forefront in developing world-class storage technologies that are focused on the critical needs of our customers . Nexsan Unity™ is one of the first enterprise-class unified storage solutions to incorporate secure file sync and share in a single platform . Nexsan Assureon™ delivers secure archive storage for the most compliant of industries and our renowned E-Series is the storage backbone of many data centres around the world due to its high performance , reliable , high density storage . Nexsan is headquartered in Campbell , CA . For more information , please visit : www.nexsan.com .
Business offering deals to veterans on Memorial Day
In honor of Memorial Day Weekend , several businesses are offering special rates and discounts to veterans as a way to show their appreciation for the military .
Studio 34 LV Barber & Salon
Veterans who stop by Studio 34 on 3455 West Flamingo Road can receive a $ 5 haircut on Monday from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m . The studio said coffee and doughnuts will be available , and veterans can schedule an appointment ahead of time by calling 702-909-7771 .
U.S. Gas and Showtime Carwash
On Sunday , from 12 p.m. to 2 p.m. , Showtime Carwash , located on 5893 Tropicana Avenue , will offer a free , full service car wash to veterans , active military , law enforcement and first responders . There will be live music , free hot dogs and hamburgers for the public . Gas will be offered for $ 1.99/gallon .
Glowzone
Glowzone , located at # 1200 , 6630 Arroyo Springs St , is an indoor glow-in-the dark center that is providing 2-hours of unlimited attractions pass for free for all military .
Lion Habitat Ranch
The Lion Habitat Ranch , 382 Bruner Ave in Henderson , is offering free admission on Monday for all active military . Their hours are 10 a.m. to 2 p.m .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
We get it . Doing your taxes is no fun , especially if you know you 're going to owe money . But as with any project on which you procrastinate , leaving everything to the last minute can lead to errors , both large and small , and some of those errors could cost you serious money .
If you 've gone and done it , though , and are still looking at that pile of tax forms over there in the corner , we 've compiled a list of six quick-and-dirty tips that could keep you from making some obvious , and not-so-obvious , mistakes when you finally sit down and tackle the task . They could also help you maximize your tax refund .
1 . You forgot to sign it
You might wonder how anyone could forget to sign their tax form , but this simple process is one of the most common tax mistakes , according to the IRS . Just like forgetting to sign a check or a contract , it means your return is n't valid . Usually , there is n't a penalty or interest associated with this error ( since you 've already included a check or electronic payment if you owed ) , so the IRS will just send a notice asking for a valid signature , but it will delay the processing of your return . If you 're getting a refund , that too will be delayed .
So check , double-check — heck , triple-check — that you signed or completed the e-signature process before filing your return .
2 . You miscarried the 9
Math errors are also a very common mistake made by folks in a hurry . Fortunately for most people , the IRS corrects any miscalculations , so there 's no need for filing an amended return . But these mistakes can mean the difference between you thinking you 're getting a refund and the reality that you actually owe taxes , so be sure to check your calculations carefully .
One way to help you avoid math errors is to file electronically so the calculations are done for you . Bye-bye , No . 2 pencil ! So long , calculator !
Here 's the real reason why U.S. health care is so expensive ( 2:21 ) The U.S. is the largest health-care spender in the world , but that does n't actually translate into better health outcomes for Americans . Dr. Clay Johnston , Dean of the Dell Medical School at The University of Texas at Austin , explains why .
3 . You did n't account for all your income
Did you have a side hustle early last year ? A freelance design gig for a friend 's business ? If so , you 're going to need to account for it , regardless of whether you received a W-2 or 1099 from whomever paid you . That 's because , while there 's an IRS threshold for filing these documents by employers , there 's no similar threshold for claiming the income . Income is income . If you made money and do n't report it — and the IRS catches it — it 's going to cost you penalties and interest at best , and open you to a possible audit at worst .
4 . You forgot deductions or tax credit
It 's easy to forget these things when you 're in a hurry , but they can end up saving you some serious money and are well worth the extra time to figure out if you qualify . So if you 're just claiming the standard deductions because you 're under the gun , you might want to take a deep breath and check out TurboTax 's INTU , -0.15 % list of 10 commonly overlooked tax deductions that can keep you from overpaying the tax man .
5 . You filed for an extension but did n't understand the rules
Filing for an extension is a great idea if you 're down to the wire and do n't really understand your tax situation . But remember that an extension gives you an extra six months to file your paperwork , but not an extra six months to pay any taxes due . So , if you 're confused , tax pros recommend doing a quick calculation of your taxes , filing for your extension and making any required payment of taxes you think you owe . This will help you avoid penalties and interest once you get your final calculations together .
6 . You did n't bother to request an extension
You gave up . You shoved , slammed and jammed your return through and now it 's full of mistakes that are going to cost you money by way of penalties or because you 've left money on the table . It 's a much better idea to file the extension , then get the help you need from a tax professional to ensure you 're not overpaying your taxes .
Whatever you do , make sure you file your taxes . Unpaid taxes can have serious consequences on your personal finances , including your credit scores if they go unpaid long enough . You can see how any outstanding taxes you might have been affecting your credit by getting your two free credit scores , updated every 14 days , on Credit.com .
More from Credit.com
• How to maximize your tax refund in 2017
• Can you pay your taxes with a credit card ?
This article originally appeared on Credit.com .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – Floridians enjoyed a taste of winter Monday morning with lows falling to the 40s .
The rest of the day will have clear skies and plenty of winter sunshine .
High Pressure is providing a quiet and dry weather pattern .
With a Northerly breeze in place , highs will be cool and comfortable in the upper 60s . The average high will be about 78 degrees .
Tonight , lows will fall to the low 50s along the coast and some inland areas may dip down to the mid to upper 40s .
On Tuesday , winds will shift out of the West and temperatures will start to creep up . This means it will be milder with temperatures in the low to mid-70s .
Tuesday evening , a weak dry front is forecast to move in and we 'll see a cooler breeze midweek .
Highs will climb to the upper 60s and low 70s Wednesday .
Thursday morning will be chilly with temperatures in the upper 40s and low 50s .
Highs should be around 70 degrees .
Temperatures will start warming later this weekend and we 'll see highs in the upper 70s by Friday .
Another front is forecast to sweep in this weekend with highs in the mid-70s on Saturday and the upper 70s on Sunday .
Click here for the latest weather information . For weather forecasts 24/7 , get the app .
Perry , Kelser lead Ducks past Flyers in shootout
hello
Anaheim Ducks goalie John Gibson ( 36 ) hits the ice to block the puck , as defenseman Cam Fowler and Philadelphia Flyers center Travis Konecny ( 11 ) go after it during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Anaheim , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
Anaheim Ducks center Logan Shaw ( 48 ) and Philadelphia Flyers center Chris VandeVelde ( 76 ) tangle in pursuit of the puck during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Anaheim , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
Anaheim Ducks center Ryan Kesler ( 17 ) puts the puck in the net as Philadelphia Flyers goalie Steve Mason , left , and right winger Jakub Voracek ( 93 ) defend during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Anaheim , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
Anaheim Ducks defenseman Kevin Bieksa , right , and Philadelphia Flyers right winger Wayne Simmonds ( 17 ) fight during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Anaheim , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
Anaheim Ducks goalie John Gibson ( 36 ) deflects the puck as Philadelphia Flyers right winger Dale Weise ( 22 ) attacks during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Anaheim , Calif. , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 . Associated Press
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Corey Perry scored the decisive shootout goal , Ryan Kesler had a hat trick and goalie John Gibson made 52 saves to set career and franchise records in the Anaheim Ducks ' 4-3 shootout victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Sunday night .
Kesler had his fourth career hat trick and the first since April 7 , 2011 , with Vancouver . Gibson faced a career-high 55 shots , falling two shies of the club record . Jonathan Bernier , who played briefly in the second period , made one save
Philadelphia had a season-high 55 shots and limited Anaheim to 25 shots on goal . Travis Konecny , Sean Couturier and Brayden Schenn scored for the Flyers , and Steve Mason made 23 saves .
The game was highlighted by a wild second period in which Kesler scored the third of his three goals , the Flyers scored twice to tie it at 3 and the Ducks changed goalies twice . The tone was set early when Kevin Bieksa and Wayne Simmonds engaged in a fight that ended with Bieksa ripping off Simmonds ' jersey and pads , leaving him to skate to the penalty box half-naked .
Anaheim was outshot 52-23 through regulation , but Gibson kept Anaheim in it in the third , effectively sending it into overtime .
The Ducks had a golden opportunity to score in overtime when Rickard Rakell sped into the Flyers ' zone untouched but Mason denied the breakaway opportunity and the ensuing redirect on the rebound by Hampus Lindholm . With 40 seconds left , Michael Del Zotto launched a hard wrist shot but Gibson head-butted it away for the save .
Kesler finished his hat trick at 16:54 in the second period , but it was the only offense Anaheim could generate . Schenn and Couturier scored each scored in the next two minutes to tie it at 3 .
Kesler opened the scoring in the first period when he finished off a backhand feed from Korbinian Holzer at 7:55 . Konecny scored 19 seconds later to tie it at 1 , but Kesler scored again in the first period off a rebound at 16:54 , making it 2-1 .
NOTES : Anaheim lost captain Ryan Getzlaf in the third period . Getzlaf took one shift before leaving the game with a lower-body injury .
UP NEXT
Flyers : Host New York Rangers on Wednesday night .
Ducks : Host Detroit on Wednesday night .
Getting your Costco fix will soon require a lot less schlepping .
The bulk retail giant is partnering with home delivery company Shipt and debuted the service in Tampa , Fla. , on Tuesday — with plans to expand to 50 markets and over 30 million households by the end of 2017 , USA Today reported .
“ Everyone 's looking to save time and get more out of less time . With Shipt in particular , people love the service and the quality of the experience , ” company CEO Bill Smith said .
“ As we continue to scale Shipt on a national level , we look forward to offering more options for delivery to our Florida members today , and to Shipt members across the country in the future , ” he added .
The Shipt app requires a membership , which costs $ 99 a year for unlimited service and allows members to have products delivered straight to their homes in as little as one hour .
A Costco membership — which is typically required for shopping at its wholesale-priced warehouses — is not needed to purchase through Shipt , the Tampa Bay Times reported .
Smith said the company aims to deliver mostly three to four miles from stores .
“ If you order ice cream from us , we 'll deliver it directly to you , ” he said .
Consumers have grown accustomed to ordering a wide array of items online , but perishables that require refrigeration present considerable logistical challenges .
Other companies that have jumped on the food delivery bandwagon include Instacart , Amazon Fresh , Google Express , FreshDirect and WeDeliverGroceries.com .
By 2025 , as much as 20 percent of grocery shopping — or $ 100 billion in annual consumer sales — could be conducted online , according to the Food Marketing Institute .
More than 70 percent of shoppers believe they 'll shop for groceries online rather than roaming crowded aisles within the next decade , if not sooner .
Stacy Miletti of Troy , Mich. , started using Shipt at the supercenter chain Meijer about a year ago and spends about $ 90 every two weeks on items like cereal , milk and laundry detergent .
“ The big motivation for me is it saves time . … I can log in at 2 or 3 in the morning and do the shopping when it works for me , ” Miletti , 48 , told USA Today . “ I love it , but it 's not perfect . The only thing I do n't like about it is you have to be home when it 's delivered . ”
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( WCCO ) — A bill to legalize online fantasy sports betting in Minnesota unexpectedly failed in the Minnesota House on Tuesday .
After the vote , critics said the rush to legalize the popular past time is coming from major corporations .
“ I 'm not hearing support for this bill from any of my constituents , not one . And the silence is deafening . And the reality is , this is swamp water , ” Rep. Steve Drazkowski of Mazeppa said .
The bill would have set up regulations for online fantasy sports betting . It is not officially legal in Minnesota , but there 's no law against it either .
Greene : A campus guide to door etiquette
At the University of Oregon , we pride ourselves on tackling problems head on , creating not just informed students but critical citizens . But , while the UO is addressing social issues like “ cultural competency training , ” food security and rape culture , there is a much more pressing issue facing the student body that we turn a blind eye to every day — door etiquette , or , more specifically , lack thereof .
There are doors all over this campus . I literally have to pass through one every time I arrive in or leave a classroom . And walking into buildings ? Forget about it ! There are so many doorways in every building ; whether we 're talking about Gerlinger Hall with five different haphazardly thrown on entrances , or the EMU taking inspiration from “ every door is a new possibility ” a little too literally .
Normally this plethora of entrances would n't be an issue , but something about college seems to wipe out all common sense ; every day students are opening the door for peers still yards away , stuck holding the door for an impatient stampede of 450 students and waiting awkwardly around the entrance to Lillis for someone else — anyone else — to open their door .
This constant bewilderment only leads to unnecessary stress in our everyday lives , making cohesive campus door policy a matter of student 's mental health . UO needs to combat this ignorance by dedicating a portion of IntroDucktion to the topic , adding mandatory courses on doorway culture and leadership , and eventually creating a new major , possibly even graduate program .
In the meantime , here is a quick crash course to help get the ball rolling .
Concerning the mechanics :
If you 're with friends , family or in a professional setting you might stand behind the door and hold it out like a butler of sorts , letting everyone else pass in front of you . Kissing ass around associates is one thing , but on your way to class push the door out behind you and always go first .
This rule might sound cold-hearted , but putting yourself above strangers , to an extent , is healthy and necessary . You never know when life is going to throw a curveball , and you need to make sure you 're on the right side of the door when it does .
Concerning radius of responsibility :
Most people tend to hold the door open for strangers more often than not–that is just the natural tendency of a welcoming campus . The issue is when students get too caught up in their quest for saint-status and start holding the door for people so far away they look like ants .
The UO has created a toxic culture around door protocol .
Nobody wants to be pressured into rushing–or god forbid , running–just for the honor of walking through a door you 're holding . There is a radius of responsibility , and it only extends as far as your wingspan . Basically , if someone is n't walking up right behind you , ready to catch the door as you move on , they can take care of themselves .
Obviously , there are exceptions , like people with their arms full , the handicapped or frail looking elderly , and anybody you 're trying to start up a conversation with .
Concerning doubts :
Door etiquette can be tricky , especially when campus culture tends to make students feel like holding the door open is part of their contribution to a friendly environment , unintentionally creating a tedious and frustrating atmosphere .
When two people arrive at a door at the same time , who opens it ? If there are two doors next to each other , and someone is opening one from the opposite side , do you awkwardly slip through theirs or open your own ? If someone opens a door , but you 're not sure if it 's just for their friends or an open invitation , do you still walk through at the risk of making a fool of yourself ? The confusion is endless .
Eventually these situations must be studied , but for now , when in doubt , just take responsibility for your own pathway obstruction and assume everyone else can do the same . Doors are n't that heavy , opening them really does n't need to be the group activity we 've made it into .
Concerning the bottom line :
The UO has created a toxic culture around door protocol . Too much weight has been put on holding the door for others , and some people are so used to having doors chivalrously open for them they 're slowing forgetting the proper technique .
The only way we can fix this is by starting a conversation , changing our habits and indoctrinating new students with the proper guidelines . We ca n't rely on or worry about strangers every time we need to pass through a door . This only leads to chasing our own tails around the building , never getting inside .
A strong open community is important in college ; everyone needs a place they can turn to in times of stress , but this is also a time to learn independence , so let 's take charge of our own lives one door at a time .
Video by Sam Sigman and Jannik Eheret
Comments
`` `` What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home , whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain , our school is theirs '' ''
Andria Zafirakou Winner , Global Teacher Prize
BETHEL TWP . — On Tuesday , the Bethel school board heard an update from the developer of Carriage Trails subdivision , which is continuing to grow and bring new students to the district .
Developer Bill Keethler said the development is one of the most in demand subdivisions in southwest Ohio . So far in 2018 , the development has sold 66 lots .
“ Which is our most sales ever , ” Keethler said of the number to date . “ It continues to be very strong , the economy is strong . ”
According to Keethler , the subdivision is about two-thirds built , with 881 lots developed and 810 sold . There are 742 occupied homes in the subdivision and 71 lots in inventory . At any time , he said , there are 50-70 homes under construction . The development also has multifamily and senior housing .
In 2018 , the development plan includes 120-130 lots , Keethler told the board .
“ That 's about how many we 're selling per year , ” he said . “ It 's probably the No . 1 subdivision in southwest Ohio — and we think in Ohio . I have n't seen any more that have been that strong . ”
Keethler called it the most active subdivision he 's ever been a part of in his career .
The development is set to have a total of 1,300 single family and 800 multi-family units when complete .
“ Carriage Trails is going add 950 students to the school district , ” Keethler said , citing a study made for the development .
Superintendent Ginny Potter noted that the district 's student population has grown rapidly in the last few years . She said that enrollment was about 940 students when she joined the district in 2014 and is now around 1,450 .
Keethler acknowledged that student population grows faster than funding can be secured or new schools can be built .
He told the board that there are currently 120 lots that are not yet on the tax duplicate , which affects the property tax collected for the schools . He added that it typically takes six to eight months for those properties to appear on the tax duplicate .
“ We 're estimating $ 1.9 million that will come to you guys . That should hit this year , ” he told the board . “ Roughly about $ 500,000 to $ 600,000 will drop in each year in growth , in terms of your revenue… When it 's fully built out , it 'll be about $ 6.2 million that you will receive . ”
Keethler said the development has a non-school tax increment finance ( TIF ) plan ; a tax abatement plan that ensures the schools will receive the full property tax amount that is due to them as properties are developed .
By Cecilia Fox cfox @ troydailynews.com
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox @ troydailynews.com .
Reach Cecilia Fox at cfox @ troydailynews.com .
CASINO
Gaming device maker Aruze Gaming America Inc. is expanding its presence on the European continent after bagging gaming licenses in Cyprus and Greece .
On Tuesday , Aruze announced that it had secured a license from the Cyprus National Gaming and Casino Supervision Commission to operate and supply gaming machines in the Republic of Cyprus Integrated Casino Resort ( ICR ) and its subsidiaries on May 15 . Before that , the Hellenic Gaming Commission ( HGC ) approved Aruze 's request to operate as a gaming related contractor in Greece .
David Meacher , Aruze Gaming 's director of Business Development for Europe , has high hopes for the company 's expansion in Greece and Cyprus , since these two jurisdictions on the Mediterranean Sea are ripe with new business opportunities .
Meacher has touted Cyprus as the next major gaming location in Europe with the opening of Melco International Development Ltd. 's €550 million ( $ 637 million ) City of Dreams Mediterranean ( CDM ) and its satellite casinos .
CDM will offer guests an integrated resort that resembles the old town area of Nicosia , the Republic 's largest city . The aesthetics will feature greenery and large trees to make guests feel that they are in a village overlooking the hillside . A previous PricewaterhouseCoopers report estimated that the Melco 's integrated resort will generate economic activity of over €700 million ( $ 815.68 million ) per year .
Melco recently launched its $ 15 million C2 Cyprus , a pop-up casino that occupies a 4,600-square-meter former supermarket in Limassol . C2 is the first of the five satellite gaming facilities that will open in the European archipelago while the construction of CDM is underway .
In Greece , the HGC has fast-tracked the launch of a casino tender to move forward with the long-delayed €8 billion ( $ 9.33 billion ) Hellinikon project . HGC has been given until August 31 to launch the casino tender since the privatization of Athens ' former Hellinikon airport hinges on the issuance of a license to a casino operator .
Meacher pointed out that the new licenses “ show Aruze 's increasing focus on European markets , ” where they plan to its latest slot machine Muso Triple-27 . “ These jurisdictions offer amazing opportunities for us . ”
Comments
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Rock superstars Queen with frontman Adam Lambert will rock the UK with dates including Leeds and Sheffield Arenas , it was announced today .
As part of a 24-date European tour they play Leeds , First Direct Arena on Tuesday , December 6 and Sheffield Arena on Friday , December 8 .
The tour will showcase a spectacular new stage production and a set list , which the band hints will provide some surprises .
It is expected the set list will pay tribute to the 40th anniversary this year of Queen 's biggest-selling studio album , 1977 's News of the World - which yielded the immortal anthems We Will Rock You and We Are the Champions .
The shows will mark the band 's first full British tour in almost three years , having last performed across the UK in January 2015 when they played 10 sold out shows .
For their 2017 tour , the band will unveil a brand-new show including a specially designed state-of-the-art production .
Queen drummer and co-founder Roger Taylor insists the 2017 today said the tour “ will look entirely different to the show we took around before '' .
He said : `` Production has really changed a lot , the things you can do now , you have a much broader palette , the technology has really come along . But we do n't use it all . We do n't play to click track . It 's 100 % live . We 're planning on doing stuff we either have n't done before or have n't done for a long time . We started as an albums band , that 's what we were . The fact that we had hits was just a byproduct . ”
Guitarist Brian May confirms Queen 's 2017 shows will have a more ambitious musical agenda .
He said : “ The general public knows the hits , so you 've got to cater for that , but we can chuck in a few things that people really do n't expect . We 'll do quite a bit more of that this time around . There are so many dimensions to Adam , which of course fits with our music . He can get down and do the rock stuff really dirty , and you have all those dimensions , and we can explore that even more . ”
We Will Rock You ... Queen and Adam Lambert announce UK tour .
Adam Lambert welcomes the challenge of digging deeper into the band 's canon of classics .
He said : “ What people should know if they came to the shows a couple of years back , is obviously we will still be playing the big hit songs you know and love from Queen , but we thought it would be good to challenge ourselves a bit .
“ Change it up a little bit , change the visuals , change all the technology , change the set list to some degree . We will probably be pulling some other songs out of the Queen catalogue which we have n't done before , which I am very excited about . ”
Today 's announcement comes just weeks after details emerged of a 26-date summer tour of North America . The band will now return to Europe later this year for a series of 24 dates .
Queen with Adam Lambert to playLeeds , First Direct Arenaon Tuesday , December 6 andSheffieldArenaonFriday , December 8 , 2017 .
Their only UK appearance in 2016 was a one-off headlining set at the closing night of the Isle of Wight Festival , part of a 15-date European summer festival tour . Isle of Wight festival organiser John Giddings credited the band with “ the greatest show we have ever had ” .
* Tickets for the Sheffield Arena show go on general sale at 10am on Friday ( April 21 ) , priced £88.48 and £77.28 . Buy in person , visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk or call the box office on 0114 256 5656 .
Queen + Adam Lambert Tour Dates 2017
EUROPE
Wed 1st November Prague , Czech Republic , O2 Arena
Thu 2nd November Munich , Germany , Olympiahalle
Sat 4th November Budapest , Hungary , Sportarena
Mon 6th November Lodz , Poland , Atlas Arena
Wed 8th November Vienna , Austria , Stadhalle
Fri 10th November Bologna , Italy , Unipol Arena
Sun 12th November Luxembourg , Amneville Galaxie
Mon 13th November Amsterdam , Netherlands , Ziggo Dome
Fri 17th November Kaunas , Lithuania , Zalgiris Arena
UK & IRELAND
Sat 25th November Dublin , 3 Arena
Sun 26th November Belfast , SSE Arena
Tue 28th November Liverpool , Echo Arena
Thu 30th November Birmingham , Barclaycard Arena
Fri 1st December Newcastle , Metro Radio Arena
Sun 3rd December Glasgow , The SSE Hydro
Tue 5th December Nottingham Motorpoint Arena
Tue 6th December Leeds , First Direct Arena
Fri 8th December Sheffield Arena
Sat 9th December Manchester , Arena
Tues 12thDecember London , 02 Arenas
Fri 15th December London , The SSE Arena , Wembley
UK & Ireland Ticket Information
General admission standing : £69.00 . Reserved seating : £79.00 . VIP Packages available . Ticket purchases limited to six per person visit www.ticketmaster.co.uk and www.ticketmaster.ie
An upbeat Justice Neil Gorsuch wasted little time getting to work in his first public session Monday as the 113th member of the Supreme Court .
Sitting at the far right end of the nine-member bench , Gorsuch spent the morning hearing three oral arguments , each lasting about an hour . In his first case , considering a federal workplace discrimination claim , the newest justice was among the most active of questioners — unusual for the court “ rookie . ”
At the start of the morning session , Chief Justice John Roberts publicly acknowledged his new colleague in the crowded courtroom , wishing him a “ long and happy career in our common calling . ”
Gorsuch responded by thanking the other justices for giving him a “ warm welcome . ”
The 49-year-old Colorado native paid close attention to the arguments , sitting straight up and resting his hand occasionally on his chin .
He remained focused — not even chatting with his “ bench neighbor , ” Justice Sonia Sotomayor — as he asked a number of questions of counsel . The back-and-forth exchanges lasted more than 10 minutes of the first 60-minute argument .
The first case out of the gate for Gorsuch was not a blockbuster , but the justice repeatedly pressed lawyers from both sides with his positions .
When one attorney admitted he tended to agree with the justice on one point , Gorsuch dryly replied , “ I hope so . ”
At one point , he even apologized for the amount of questions , saying , “ Sorry for taking up so much time . ”
The other cases being argued separately Monday deals with a property rights dispute and securities class-action lawsuits .
Settling In
Even before Monday 's arguments , Gorsuch had begun settling in at the court , arranging his chambers to create a comfortable , efficient workplace . Reminders of his roots in Colorado and the West will grace his offices , along with plenty of photos of his family and friends .
He is allowed to hire secretaries , a messenger , and four law clerks — who typically serve for one year .
Those clerks will be especially important helping the justice get up to speed on his caseload , since joining the court in the midst of the term is not standard . It will be a nonstop whirl of activity until the term effectively ends in late June .
All four of the law clerks brought on in recent days served previously for then-Judge Gorsuch , and are all experienced litigators or academics . Two of them later went on to clerk for Antonin Scalia ( the late justice whose seat Gorsuch is now occupying ) and Justice Sonia Sotomayor .
His colleagues are welcoming their newest member .
“ We hope we 're serving with Justice Gorsuch for the next 25 years , ” Roberts said last week before a university audience in New York . “ It 's kind of like a marriage . If you 're going to be with someone that long , you ca n't have knock-down , drag-out fights over a case . ”
Lunch Is Served
Food for thought for the newest member of the Supreme Court : being the junior justice has its benefits and challenges .
For Gorsuch , it will mean being assigned to the court 's internal Cafeteria Committee , where dessert toppings and silverware choices will compete for his time with constitutional issues big and small — all part of the dizzying first few weeks for the justice .
Justice Elena Kagan , who had been the court “ newbie ” since 2010 , unwittingly gave her future colleague some personal advice on managing the job . She appeared last September at a Colorado legal conference with Gorsuch and spoke to what it was like to have the least seniority .
“ I think this is a way to kind of humble people , ” she said about her stint as one of the office lunch monitors . “ You think you 're kind of hot stuff . You 're an important person . You 've just been confirmed to the United States Supreme Court . And now you are going to monthly cafeteria committee meetings where literally the agenda is what happened to the good recipe for the chocolate chip cookies . ”
And the rookie hears about it when the food does n't rate . One tradition of the court is the justices eat together privately after oral arguments .
“ Somebody will say , ‘ Who 's our representative to the cafeteria committee again ? ' ” she told Gorsuch . “ Like they do n't know , right ? And then they 'll say , ‘ This soup is very salty . ' And I 'm like supposed to go fix it myself ? ”
Kagan recalled her proudest moment was getting a frozen yogurt machine installed in the dining area , which is open to the public .
She had been on the internal committee for seven years , with Justice Stephen Breyer in the job 11 years before that .
“ It 's a way of bringing them back down to Earth after the excitement of confirmation and appointment , ” Roberts said in 2011 . Roberts ' role as “ first among equals , ” though , meant he never had to endure any of the “ new guy ” responsibilities .
Another duty for the “ junior ” justice is to answer the door when the members meet privately for their weekly closed-door conferences — voting on cases and deciding which petitions get added to the docket . His first such conference will be this Thursday .
Gorsuch will also take notes at the conferences , and will vote last when cases get decided .
It is a learning curve that many on the court admit can be baffling and often overwhelming .
Justice Samuel Alito said he frequently got lost in the marbled halls of the court when he joined in 2006 , especially since the building was undergoing a massive internal renovation at the time .
Breyer said it took him years to feel fully comfortable in the job .
And Justice Clarence Thomas recalled what Justice Byron White told him when he donned the robes in 1991 . White , whose clerks included Gorsuch , said , “ Well , Clarence , in your first five years you wonder how you got here . After that you wonder how your colleagues got here . ”
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com . It 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day , and put a little more fun into your life . It 's all brought to by the same great [ … ]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day , and put a little more fun into your life . It 's all brought to by the same great team [ … ]
WQAMMiami 's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida 's original sports station . For over 20 years , WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved local personalities . With Joe Rose leading the way in mornings , WQAM features Miami 's most extensive offering of live and local [ … ]
South Florida H.S . SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com ! We 're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http : //miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “ crew ” J.T . Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox @ CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1 @ aol.com . We want to hear from you ! . By Telephone 305-654-1700 . By Mail South Florida High School Sports [ … ]
Arlington Heights Library to host World Cup viewings
hello
The Arlington Heights Memorial Library is catching World Cup fever , hosting live screenings of matches starting Friday , along with programs and recommended book lists .
The library 's Hendrickson Room will hold viewing parties of Brazil vs. Belgium at 1 p.m. Friday and Croatia vs. Russia at 1 p.m. Saturday , complete with snacks from competing countries . Additional viewing sessions , with teams still to be determined , are scheduled for 1 p.m. Tuesday , July 10 and Wednesday , July 11 .
The library and park district are also hosting a free drop-in soccer clinic for kids of all ages from 1 to 3 p.m. Thursday , July 12 , at Patriot Park , 700 N. Schoenbeck Road .
For more details and curated book lists that match countries playing in the World Cup , visit ahml.info/node/380660 .
The report into alleged ticket touting at the Rio Olympic games has found that the seller appointed by the Olympic Council of Ireland was not genuine and provided an inadequate and chaotic service .
This resulted in substantial complaints from athletes , relatives , and friends who were unable to get tickets for key events .
The OCI 's authorised reseller - Dublin company Pro10 - was appointed after its usual reseller , THG , was rejected by the Rio organising committee .
THG is owned by Marcus Evans Group .
The report by retired judge Carroll Moran found that Pro10 was not fit for purpose and was used to disguise the continuing role of THG .
Judge Moran has recommended against setting up a commission of investigation as he said it would be disproportionate in terms of cost in time and money .
The report says that former OCI president Pat Hickey did not bring before OCI executive committee the rejection of THG , its continuing involvement , or the appointment of Pro10 .
It says Mr Hickey 's relationship with THG was long standing and to the mutual benefit of THG and the OCI .
Judge Moran says the OCI was run on presidential decision-making rather than a collegiate process and Mr Hickey retained some functions usually handled by the CEO - including fundraising and commercial contracts .
When THG 's authorisation for Rio 2016 failed , Marcus Evans communicated to Mr Hickey an option of forming a new company to act as the authorised ticket reseller with some contractual and/or agency relationship with the OCI .
Pro10 was incorporated shortly after this .
THG paid $ 1 million for rights to London 2012 and Sochi 2014 and Judge Moran says this was without explanation on how it would recoup the money .
He says it was difficult to see how this would be consistent with the allowed 20 % premium on the quantity of tickets from the OCI .
The judge also says there was more concern with THG and Pro10 for commercial interests than the interests of athletes .
Pro10 was to get all of the OCI 's 46 family tickets for the opening and closing ceremonies and almost all athletic finals .
At least 178 family tickets were transferred from the OCI to Pro10 although these were not allowed for general sale .
The OCI 's sport director told the inquiry that they were passed on to Pro10 as the OCI did not require them .
Judge Moran said there should have been balancing payments in the OCI 's accounts to account for extra premium tickets but they were absent and there was no supporting documentation which he said was a concern .
The inquiry was hampered by being a non-statutory one without powers of compellability .
THG , Pro10 , Mr Hickey and the International Olympic Committee did not cooperate , citing the issue of self-incrimination given that criminal charges have been brought in Brazil .
The OCI did furnish emails and some executives were interviewed .
The inquiry was barred from direct access to the details of individual ticket sales , which it said had substantially undermined its work .
It says its findings are based , by necessity , only on the contributions of those willing or able to participate. #
The OCI Executive Committee this afternoon welcomed the publication of Judge Moran 's review .
OCI President Sarah Keane said : `` Members of this Executive Committee cooperated fully with the inquiry and we are very keen to ensure that the shortcomings outlined in the report are comprehensively addressed without delay .
`` This committee has been working hard since it was elected earlier this year to put the governance systems in place to address the various issues identified within the report .
`` We know from speaking to athletes and their families that many felt let down by what happened in Brazil and for that we are sorry .
`` It is the intention of the new Executive Committee to deliver a fit for purpose organisation that has athletes , transparency , accountability and governance at its core .
`` The reputational and financial damage done to the organisation as a result of the Rio controversy has been immense . The new Executive Committee is committed to managing these issues , driving its reform agenda and rebuilding the organisation brick by brick . Irish Olympic sport deserves nothing less . ''
Minister for Sport Shane Ross earlier welcomed the `` comprehensive and insightful report '' .
Mr Ross said it was `` regrettable that the parties concerned chose not to assist Judge Moran in his inquiries . I believe that if they had co-operated this report would be more complete .
`` I understand that those parties have the right not to incriminate themselves . Judge Moran recognises in his Report that this was a legitimate position for them to take . I do not believe that it has fundamentally undermined the value and benefit of the insights that we now have as a result of Judge Moran 's careful analysis , '' he said .
In a statement this afternoon , THG said it had informed the inquiry that `` based on legal advice , it was not able at this time to provide information , due to legal issues in Brazil .
`` THG wishes to reaffirm that it is satisfied that , at all times , it has acted lawfully in connection with the Rio Olympics , or any Olympics and will make no further comment '' .
In a statement this afternoon , Mr Hickey said he was advised by his lawyers not to participate in the inquiry , pending the outcome of legal proceedings in Brazil .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Video
Ukraine staged the murder of a Russian journalist in Kiev on Tuesday to 'foil a Russian assassination plot ' .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
For reponse teams , what might look like one big damaging Idaho winter is actually five separate events , each requiring its own response from local , state and federal agencies . The task of dealing with the impacts , even as summer now approaches , is
POTTSBORO , Texas -- Two people escaped without injury when a house caught fire in Pottsboro on Friday morning .
Multiple fire departments responded to the blaze in the 200 block of Atlantic Street .
Authorities said homes on either side of the burning residence were threatened , but firefighters were able to keep the flames from spreading .
The cause of the fire is under investigation .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
CCTV images have been released of a man police want to speak to after an elderly woman 's bank card was stolen in Lower Earley .
The woman had been shopping in Asda in Rushey Way on Wednesday , March 15 .
At around 12.15pm , the woman was heading back to her car when she was approached by a man asking for directions to the Royal Berkshire Hospital .
After a short conversation he walked away .
The woman later realised her bank cards had been stolen and that money had been drawn from the cash machine at the BP petrol station in Wokingham Road .
The thief also made a number of other unsuccessful attempts to withdraw money in Christchurch Road on the same day .
Thames Valley Police believe the man in the CCTV image has vital information on the theft .
Anyone with information on who he is or the theft can call police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Embattled EPA chief Scott Pruitt has denied a report that he asked President Donald Trump to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions and put Pruitt in charge of the Justice Department .
“ This report is simply false . General Sessions and I are friends and I have always said I want nothing more than to see him succeed in his role , ” Pruitt told Politico in a statement about the report on CNN .
The news network reported Tuesday that Pruitt — who faces more than a dozen ethics and spending probes — appealed to Trump to make the change during an Oval Office meeting this spring .
At the time , the president was feuding with Sessions over the AG 's decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation , according to CNN , which cited three people familiar with Pruitt 's pitch .
The EPA administrator suggested Trump fire Sessions and appoint Pruitt temporary head of the DOJ under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998 , and that he would then return to Oklahoma to run for office , according to the network .
The act grants the president the authority to temporarily fill a federal vacancy if a previous official “ dies , resigns , or is otherwise unable to perform the functions and duties of the office , ” CNN reported .
White House advisers promptly shot down Pruitt 's proposal , it was reported .
Pruitt has been buffeted by numerous revelations about extravagant spending , including $ 1,560 for a dozen fountain pens , $ 3,000 on “ tactical pants ” and “ tactical polos , ” $ 43,000 on a soundproof phone booth for his office and $ 120,000 on a trip to Italy .
Meanwhile , a senior administration official told CNN that Pruitt is “ inching closer to the tipping point ” amid the controversies .
The official , describing Team Trump 's feeling about Pruitt , wondered whether he would still hold his job as he could crop up in Democratic candidates ' ads hitting the president 's “ swamp , ” CNN reported Wednesday .
More than $ 263 million worth of taxable marijuana has been sold in Nevada . Despite the industry bringing in around $ 1 million a day , CCSD said its budget has n't changed much , and it 's because of how marijuana is taxed .
Recreational marijuana is taxed in two ways : A 15 percent wholesale tax , and a 10 percent excise tax .
The wholesale tax goes to funding marijuana operations throughout the state and locally . What 's left over from that then goes into the Distributive School Account , or DSA , which is basically the state 's general school fund .
The Nevada State Department of Taxation said about $ 25 million will be left over , so in July , it will be putting that into the DSA .
And that would have been all that was going to schools , but in 2017 during the State of the State address , Gov . Brian Sandoval ( R ) proposed an additional 10 percent excise tax . That excise tax would be paid for by consumers , and go straight into the DSA , but that did n't happen because of lawmakers fighting in the legislature .
Republicans said they wanted to fund the school voucher program , and democrats did not . The result was that excise tax instead was moved to the state 's rainy day fund .
RELATED : CCSD Trustees call for more education funding from marijuana taxes
RELATED : Where is the marijuana money ? Council woman , state senator want to give money to CCSD now
RELATED : CCSD : Marijuana sales have little impact on education
The Nevada Department of Taxation said so far , $ 26.3 million has been put into the rainy day fund instead of education . Sen . Tick Segerblom ( D ) has proposed calling for a special session to move the money from the rainy day fund into schools . Segerblom has been calling for $ 75 million which is the amount he said will be generated for the rainy day fund in a period of two years . The governor has so far declined to call a special session .
`` We should keep asking . If you recall he called us up there for a special session for $ 750 million for the raiders stadium ... and again $ 1.3 billion for Tesla , '' Segerblom said . `` The money is there and sometimes we need to take money and pay teachers and make sure kids have schoolbooks . ''
The governor 's office , maintained that a special session is not needed because the governor already put $ 63.5 million into the DSA . The Nevada Dept . of Education and the Clark County School District said that 's not exactly true . CCSD said the money the governor 's office is talking about was already allocated as part of the budget , and that it was not an additional $ 63.5 million .
CCSD representatives said they 're frustrated because no matter how much marijuana is sold , they are getting $ 5,200 a student , and their budget remains unchanged at $ 2.4 billion dollars .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
President Donald Trump banned U.S. purchases of a cryptocurrency the Venezuelan government is rolling out , as part of a campaign to pressure the government of President Nicolas Maduro .
Trump issued an order on Monday prohibiting U.S. citizens from engaging in transactions using the oil-backed currency , called the Petro . He authorized Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to issue any necessary regulations to enforce his order .
Maduro created the currency to try to salvage his country 's failing economy , where inflation is estimated to spiral to 13,000 percent this year .
The ban complicates the Maduro government 's efforts to boost its foreign reserves through a digital token . Venezuela 's offering accepted transactions in U.S. dollars and euros , meaning that Venezuelan citizens are forbidden from participating given a ban on buying foreign currency .
“ It 's a pretty big blow , ” said Russ Dallen , the managing director at Caracas Capital . “ Since most cryptocurrencies are not actually backed by anything real , cryptocurrency speculation is based on the greater fool theory -- I can buy this at $ 100 because there is someone who is a bigger idiot who is going to buy it at $ 200 . When you take the U.S. out of that equation , you reduce the interest and potential for that speculation . ”
New Sanctions
Mnuchin met with other finance ministers on Monday at the G20 conference in Buenos Aires to discuss the situation in Venezuela . His department also announced sanctions on four more current and former Venezuela government officials , according to a statement posted on Treasury 's website .
The sanctioned officials are Willian Antonio Contreras , the vice minister of internal commerce ; Nelson Reinaldo Lepaje Salazar , who is acting as head of the office of the national treasury , according to the U.S. ; Americo Alex Mata Garcia , an alternate director on the board of the National Bank of Housing and Habitat ; and Carlos Alberto Rotondaro Cova , the former president of the board of directors of the Venezuela Institute of Social Security .
“ President Maduro decimated the Venezuelan economy and spurred a humanitarian crisis . Instead of correcting course to avoid further catastrophe , the Maduro regime is attempting to circumvent sanctions through the Petro digital currency – a ploy that Venezuela 's democratically-elected National Assembly has denounced and Treasury has cautioned U.S. persons to avoid , ” Mnuchin said in a statement .
In his meeting with his international counterparts , Mnuchin said , “ we discussed how to achieve our shared objectives of restoring Venezuelan democracy , combating the kleptocracy of the Maduro regime , and responding to the humanitarian crisis caused by Maduro 's economic policy . ”
For more on cryptocurrencies , check out the Decrypted podcast :
A press official for Venezuela 's Information Ministry declined to comment
Pence Speech
In August , the Trump administration barred the trading of new debt issued by Venezuela 's government and state-owned oil company in U.S. markets amid deteriorating humanitarian conditions in the oil-rich nation . The U.S. government has been weighing sanctions on Venezuela 's all-important oil sector before the nation 's presidential election on May 20 . That would be a potentially crippling blow to the Maduro government , which depends almost exclusively on crude sales to sustain what 's left of the economy .
The Treasury Department warned investors in January to steer clear of the digital currency , calling it “ another attempt to prop up the Maduro regime , while further looting the resources of the Venezuelan people . ”
Vice President Mike Pence will pressure Maduro 's government in a speech Wednesday to a session of the Organization of American States , his office said .
“ The Vice President will call on all members to increase pressure on the Maduro regime to restore the country 's democracy and address the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Venezuela , ” Pence 's spokeswoman , Alyssa Farah , said Monday in a statement .
Trump plans to attend the Summit of the Americas in Lima next month , where his administration is likely to highlight its efforts to isolate the Venezuelan government .
— With assistance by Ben Bartenstein , and Saleha Mohsin
Unfortunately , if you were planning to spend your Fourth of July evening curled up in front of the TV watching Yellowstone on Paramount , you 're in for an unhappy surprise . Yellowstone is not airing tonight on Paramount .
Because of the Fourth of July holiday , Paramount has decided to take a week off from airing Yellowstone . But you wo n't have to wait too long until you see Kevin Costner and all that crazy drama again . Yellowstone will be back next week , Wednesday July 11 .
This series is so complex and in-depth , with so much in-fighting and twists and turns , that you might want to spend tonight simply rewatching the previous episodes to get caught up again .
Episodes air every Wednesday ( except July 4 ) at 10 p.m. Eastern/9 p.m. Central . ( The premiere was an exception . Since that one was a two-hour episode , the premiere started an hour earlier than normal . )
To find what channel Paramount is on for you , click here to go to TV Guide 's listings . Then change the “ Provider ” ( right under TV Listings ) to your local provider . You 'll be able to scroll down to see what channel Paramount is on in your region . If your cable or satellite company carried Spike TV , then it will still be carrying the Paramount Network .
If you do n't have cable or ca n't get to a TV , you can watch the Paramount Network live on your computer , phone or streaming device by signing up for a cable-free , live-TV streaming service . Find out how to stream the show in Heavy 's story here .
The synopsis from Paramount reads : “ Yellowstone is a drama series that follows the Dutton family , led by patriarch John Dutton . The Duttons control the largest contiguous ranch in the U.S. and must contend with constant attacks by land developers , clashes with an Indian reservation and conflict with America 's first national park . ”
The series follows the violent world of the Dutton family , who own the largest ranch in the United States , as he strives to keep his land free from development and he finds himself in a war with other residents and businessmen . The series is written by Taylor Sheridan , who wrote Sicario and Hell or High Water . The series stars Kevin Costner , Wes Bentley , Luke Grimes , Kelley Reilly , Cole Hauser , Dave Annable , and Danny Huston .
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
New Year 's Day was not the shortest day of the year .
But for the estimated 350 people who attended the Solstice and New Year Bonfire at Somme Woods in Northbrook , the afternoon was long on warmth .
“ It 's tremendous , ” said Kathy Youngberg of Northbrook , among those who walked the length of maybe two city blocks from a parking lot through the woods .
At the site , the unlit bonfire included wood stacked about 20 feet high .
While the winter solstice was Dec. 21 ( the shortest day of the year ) , the 2016 Solstice Bonfire , held on Jan. 1 in 2017 , was supposed to take place locally on Dec. 18 .
The event was renamed and moved to Jan 1 when sub-zero conditions were predicted for last month 's date .
Sunday 's New Year 's Day bonfire began with a procession under blue skies at 39 degrees at 2 p.m .
In front of the line was Marty Maneck of Deerfield , bagpiper , and John Schuman of Northbrook who played the drum called a djembe .
“ I 'm delighted to be here , ” Schuman said with a smile .
Families followed while some children carried symbols of the solstice .
In that procession were leashed puppies , many recently received for Christmas . Some parents pushed baby strollers over logs , ice and timber .
People brought folding chairs and used walking sticks . Helping hands assisted others who carried canes over the uneven terrain .
The beaten path was marked with small flags but there were folks meandering off the trail .
“ It 's a beautiful day , ” said Linda Masters of Northbrook , a volunteer and site steward .
“ It ( solstice bonfire ) is appropriate for New Year 's Day but it is a solstice .
“ So I have mixed feelings about it , ” Masters said .
Masters said the event has existed annually for about two decades .
The winter bonfire is sponsored by the Forest Preserves of Cook County , the Friends of the Somme Preserves and the North Branch Restoration Project .
“ It 's a gorgeous day , ” said Stephen Packard of Northbrook , a volunteer with the Friends of the Somme Preserves and also a site steward .
Packard said the bonfire is a favorite event of the year for his volunteer group .
“ We celebrate nature , we celebrate the woods , we celebrate another year , ” Packard said .
Eriko Kojima of Glenview became emotional in the parking lot while greeting friends and colleagues .
Cars eventually filled the forest preserve lot off of Dundee Road east of Waukegan Road .
“ I 'm pretty happy , I am , ” she said .
“ I 'm crying because of being too happy .
“ Tears of happiness , ” added Kojima , a volunteer since summer of 2015 on forest preserve restoration .
The lengthening days of the solstice warm people and ecosystems . People have celebrated the launch of the mild season with solstice bonfires for thousands of years .
“ Everyone is here in the woods which is wonderful because these are people who love the woods , love nature , ” Kojima said .
“ I think that 's worth being happy about . ”
Before the bonfire was started , people added twigs or branches as a tribute or personal contribution .
The bulk of the bonfire was built with wood from invasive species removed from Somme Woods , much of its buckthorn .
The bonfire 's main frame took weeks to assemble , Packard said . When the fire began , people had to move back several times due to the increased heat of the flames .
“ A little toasty , ” someone said .
“ I feel the warmth , ” said another person .
The bagpiper played , people sang , one woman danced the jig .
“ I 'm Irish so to be at a Celtic ritual on New Year 's Day is great and appropriate , ” said Mike Ferren of Northbrook .
People could help themselves to free homemade baked goods , plus hot chocolate and warm spiced cider set on a long table . Black walnuts were offered freshly cracked from their shells .
As the fire waned , attendees walked the path back in the setting sun , some stopping first to see Rob Sulski of Glenview , who held an unnamed red-tailed hawk .
Sulski , a falconer , also brought another wild bird , a goshawk , which he had presented earlier to attendees before the procession began .
People also complimented Maneck on his bagpipe talent , now heard for the fourth time at this solstice bonfire .
Maneck shared what he hoped for the world for 2017 .
“ Stop fighting , ” he said .
“ Make music . ”
Read the current issue of the Cook County Chronicle
Free subscription to the digital edition of the Cook County Chronicle
— Northbrook welcomes in winter with New Year bonfire —
UK civil engineering contractor Jones Bros has won a contract to build infrastructure for Innogy 's 96MW Clocaenog Forest wind farm in Wales .
The scope of the contract covers 28km of access tracks and construction of turbine bases , crane pads and an on-site control building with substation .
Jones Bros will source rock for tracks and crane pads from within the wind farm site , as well as install two plants to manufacture concrete .
Clocaenog , which will be located in forest managed by Natural Resources Wales near Ruthin in Denbighshire , will provide work for 60 employees , plus 14 apprentices and trainee engineers .
Most of the workforce will comprise of plant operatives and groundworkers , together with some technical and engineering staff .
Jones Bros contracts manager Eryl Roberts ( pictured ) said : “ This contract has special significance for the company . The vast majority of our employees live locally to our Ruthin base . ”
Innogy Renewables UK head of business development Tanya Davies said : “ This contract placed with Jones Bros is a significant step towards construction starting on the Clocaenog Forest wind farm .
“ We are particularly pleased at the direct benefits the contract will bring in terms of supporting jobs in and around the local Ruthin and wider North Wales area . ”
Vestas secured a contract at the end of last year to supply V105-3.45MW hardware for the wind farm .
Image : Jones Bros
MESOPOTAMIA , OH -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Hopewell Residential Working Farm offers an enhanced transitional program to persons with mental illness when they are ready to advance to independent living .
`` Lyman House is Hopewell 's family home open to individuals wanting to practice their skills of independent living before returning to their home and the community where they live , '' said Rick Karges , Hopewell 's Executive Director . `` While the program has served our residents well , we have adapted and enhanced our transitional program to include others who are not Hopewell graduates , but meet certain criteria . ''
At Lyman House , residents manage their own shopping and cooking , housework , etc. , and are assisted to find employment , volunteer or attend school . While at Lyman House , they continue to access Hopewell 's clinical services . `` Hopewell recognizes the need to provide support for individuals with mental illness as they transition to more independent living situations outside of our therapeutic community , '' Karges continued .
In 2012 , the Board of Directors approved the purchase of a century home on nearby Mesopotamia Commons . Additional funds were raised to complete extensive renovations , and by late 2013 the Lyman House opened as Hopewell 's adult family home . Licensed for up to five adults , this therapeutic community living option provides an opportunity for individuals to `` practice '' the skills of independent living before they venture into apartments , jobs , etc . entirely on their own and independent from a mental health facility .
Individuals living at Lyman House are supervised only part of each day . During those times , the Lyman House manager oversees their training and practice in menu planning , food shopping , cooking , money management and self-management of medication . Lyman House residents may participate in Hopewell 's regular programming and are involved in the broader community through part-time employment , volunteering or continuing education .
Generous funding from The Margaret Clark Morgan Foundation helps ensure the residents of Lyman House :
Will be employed , attending school or engaged in significant meaningful activity outside Lyman House at least 20 hours per week within six months of moving into the family home ; and
Will demonstrate 75 % increase of independence in three life skill areas .
`` Hopewell has the ability to rotate as many as 15 individuals through our transitional program each year , '' said Karges . `` Waiting times to reside at Lyman House are typically less than 60 days before a room becomes available . ''
About Hopewell
Hopewell is a 300-acre residential working farm located in Mesopotamia , Ohio , where adults with schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depression learn to manage their mental illness and return to independent life . Hopewell is the only therapeutic farm community in Ohio . It is ODMHAS-licensed and CARF-accredited . Hopewell is a member of National Alliance on Mental Illness and the American Residential Treatment Association . Information and assessments are available by contacting Laura Scarnecchia , clinician/admissions coordinator at 440.426.2009 . Visit www.hopewellcommunity.org
Kamarudeen Ogundele , Ado Ekiti The Ekiti State Governor , Ayodele Fayose , has accused the Federal Government of directing the Federal Ministry of Finance to withhold the January Federal Allocation and the Budget Support Fund due to Ekiti State . The Federal Government , the governor argued , did this because of his criticisms of the President Muhammadu Buhari administration [ … ]
The post FG withholding Ekiti allocations to frustrate projects – Fayose appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
1:57 Kumho Tire Georgia grand opening in Macon Pause
0:26 Large distribution center possibly for Amazon
0:31 Three shot at Macon house
1:32 She had no risk factors . But at 33 , she was diagnosed with breast cancer
3:57 Cop Shop Podcast : Teen son wants brandy , mom says no , Chihuahua yaps
2:01 Eason gets injured , Fromm leads Georgia to victory
1:15 Chuck Shaheen talks about why he should be elected mayor
1:34 Lorenzo Carter : 'We play old-school football '
1:03 Man strapped to back board after being hit by vehicle at Macon high-rise
A facility opening soon in Grass Valley is designed to help address the opioid addiction epidemic . But at a question and answer session on Monday , clinic officials were besieged by neighbors opposing the location . It 's a methadone dispensary , run by Aegis Treatment Centers , on Margaret Lane , and is scheduled to open in about a month , next to other medical facilities . But it 's also near a number of homes , and concerns from residents include increased crime…
click to listen to clinic neighbor
Although clinic officials say they notified neighbors about a year and a half ago , another neighbor , Sharon Koslosky , says she just found out about it today…
click to listen to Sharon Koslosky
Aegis clinical psychologist , Sarah Khwaja , says addicts will no longer have to drive to Marysville to get a dose and will only be at their facility for five-ten minutes a day , six days a week , while still getting counselling once a week at their Marysville facility…
click to listen to Sarah Khwaja
Meanwhile , Khwaja says another meeting to address neighbors ' concerns is planned soon . That includes more visibility , including improved lighting and reduction of shrubbery .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE ( AP ) — A 2012 internal investigation found that 48 Florida state employees made mistakes in issuing permits for concealed weapons , security guards and other similar licenses — in some cases not even looking at applications , according to records released this week to The Associated Press .
The laxity among Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services employees was addressed at the time , including with at least one firing and new “ checks and balances , ” officials said .
But the records add to revelations of lapses in concealed carry permitting in 2016-17 that have drawn criticism for department Commissioner Adam Putnam as he runs for governor in the wake of February 's Parkland school shooting , which brought gun safety to the forefront of the political agenda .
A campaign spokeswoman for Putnam , a Republican who strongly supports gun rights , said the problems uncovered in 2012 started under a previous administration .
“ Adam Putnam has proactively led efforts to hold government employees accountable and took action to address this issue which began before he was elected , ” campaign spokeswoman Meredith Beatrice said .
Brad Herold , campaign manager for Putnam 's Republican challenger , U.S. Rep. Ron DeSantis , said the latest revelations are “ another example of what happens when you put career politicians in executive positions . Adam Putnam has clearly been spending too much time running for his next elected office and not enough time doing his job . ”
Putnam was criticized last month after acknowledging that the agency was forced to revoke 291 permits awarded in 2016 and 2017 and that it fired an employee last year , after it was found that she had failed to complete required federal background checks .
The records released this week show that the department 's inspector general began an investigation in August 2012 after it learned an employee issued an armed security guard license to a felon . The employee 's supervisor said there had been past problems with the employee issuing licenses to felons and counseling occurred beginning in 2008 , but no formal disciplinary action was taken . Putnam took office in January 2011 .
The employee resigned during the investigation , which found he had issued 35 licenses without looking at the applications or reviewing arrest reports . At that point , the inspector general decided to review the work of all employees who processed license applications and renewals .
Computer records from July 2010 to July 2012 were reviewed to see if employees opened license applications . Investigators could also tell if only the first page of applications was reviewed while subsequent pages were ignored .
Of the 47 other employees who failed to follow proper review procedures , the error rate varied widely , from an employee who reviewed 2,219 applications and failed in one case to look at the second page of a security officer license renewal , to a woman fired after it was learned she approved 3,625 licenses without a full review , including 99 concealed weapons permit applications that were never viewed . Her error rate was nearly 13 percent of the 28,275 licenses processed .
Several employees blamed the errors on computer glitches , while other said phone calls and other distractions might have caused them to make mistakes .
The inspector general made several recommendations since implemented by the department , including random checks of approved licenses , improved employee training and weekly reports reviewed by supervisors to ensure employees are complying with licensing procedures .
“ What these IG reports show is that we learned of a problem , evaluated it thoroughly , took action to hold employees accountable and implemented checks and balances , ” Inspector General Ron Russo said in a statement issued by the department .
Still , Democrats running for governor said they were disturbed to hear another example of mistakes made on gun permits under Putnam 's watch . Putnam has previously been a target of gun safety advocates for calling himself a “ proud … sellout ” to the National Rifle Association and for pushing to make it easier to get concealed weapons permits .
“ It 's incredible Adam Putnam did n't catch the gross negligence occurring in his own department earlier . What 's even more incredible is that after he learned his department was issuing armed security guard and concealed weapon permits to felons , Putnam spent years working to weaken our state 's gun laws even more , ” former U.S. Rep. Gwen Graham . “ It 's disgraceful to see NRA sell-out Adam Putnam even running for governor . Negligence under his watch made our state less safe . ”
The campaign for Tallahassee Mayor Andrew Gillum said he is “ alarmed at the steady drumbeat of revelations ” coming from Putnam 's office .
“ It 's incredibly brazen to run on your record of passing out concealed carry permits when in fact you were putting Floridians at risk , ” Gillum spokesman Geoff Burgan said .
( © Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Keidel : Has Mayweather Really Lost A Step ? During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith , Mayweather mused over his upcoming fight , and made some unusually self-effacing assertions . Most notably , that he 's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man , but also larger and stronger . So , says Mayweather , this is the first time his foe as the edge , at least on paper .
Indie record label merger creates a $ 1B powerhouse A pair of indie record companies just struck a deal to create a major player in the music industry — with a catalog that ranges from Daft Punk to “ The ...
Motown 's Smokey Robinson inks licensing deal Smokey Robinson will certainly second this emotion . The Motown superstar will be going to a go-go after signing a deal with indie music publisher Primary Wave to exploit his name ...
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
LAUDERHILL ( CBSMiami ) – Lauderhill Police say a couple got into a fight in their car in a Babies “ R ” Us parking lot .
According to police the husband , Jorge Hernandez , stabbed his wife inside the car before she got out and fled .
He chased her , continuing to stab her before witnesses intervened and subdued Hernandez .
Officers arrived and placed Hernandez into custody .
Police spent more than an hour searching the Hernandez 's car .
Paramedics rushed his wife to North Broward Health with stab wounds .
Her injuries are severe but she is expected to survive , according to authorities .
It 's unclear what prompted the argument but police said Hernandez did mention something about voodoo .
“ The witnesses did put themselves in harm 's way , ” said Lauderhill Police Lt. Michael Santiago . “ This man was yielding a box cutter . He could have turned it on them . They put themselves at severe risk . ”
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
First look at Season 2 of 'Black Sails ' Here 's a first look at the new second season of the Starz drama “ Black Sails , ” which returns Saturday at 9 p.m. with star Toby Stephens . In the photo above , Capt ....
Lady Sif joins up with 'S.H.I.E.L.D . ' TV for the kid in each of us who refuse to grow up… “ Once Upon a Time ” ( Sunday , 8 p.m. , ABC ) : The cross-pollinating fairy tale returns for the second half ...
'New ' girl slings booze for the scurvy dogs of 'Black Sails ' How many actresses can say that they 've acted with David Hasselhoff — in a foreign-language film ? Meet Hannah New . The London-born actress , who stars in the new pirate series “ Black ...
Dramas take on cold , dark wintry feel on screen It looks like the dramas are feeling the effects of this long winter : everything is cold and dark : “ The Following ” ( Monday , 9 p.m. , Fox ) If you did n't catch the Season ...
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
FILE - In this May 25 , 2018 file photo , Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York . Weinstein wo n't testify before the New York grand jury that 's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges . A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday , May 30 , says Weinstein 's lawyers decided there was n't enough time to prepare him to testify . They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning himself on Friday , with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not . New York Post via AP , Pool Steven Hirsch
When golf fans look back on 2017 , they 'll remark that it was Lexi Thompson 's injustice that forced one of the most important rules changes in golf 's recent history .
You probably know the story by now : During the final round of the LPGA Tour 's first major , a fan called-in a rules infraction from the previous day , the video of which is below . She was penalized two strokes for the infraction , plus another two for signing an incorrect scorecard . It was totally unfair , borderline farcical , and would eventually cost her the title .
But , for as heartbreaking as it was for Lexi , golf 's powers-that-be have resolved to never let it happen again . The USGA announced Monday it would no longer accept viewer call-ins and that it would install a panel to monitor TV coverage .
It was a smart move that was well received by the golf world — including from Lexi herself , who applauded the decision on her Twitter account .
SAN FRANCISCO , CA -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - Stars aligned for Golden Arrow when Chinchillas was ready to move to production and the company only had to look 18 miles down the road to Silver Standard 's Pirquitas mine and its established production facility .
Included in this article is : Golden Arrow Resources Corp. ( TSX VENTURE : GRG ) ( FRANKFURT : GAC ) ( OTCQB : GARWF )
On March 31 , Golden Arrow Resources Corp. ( TSX VENTURE : GRG ) ( FRANKFURT : GAC ) ( OTCQB : GARWF ) and Silver Standard Resources Inc. announced they would be forming a 75 % -25 % joint venture that will combine the Chinchillas project and the Pirquitas mine . In an April 12 webcast , Grosso describes the circumstances leading to Golden Arrow and Silver Standard joining forces .
Byron King , in the April 11 issue of Gold Speculator , highlighted that he had added Golden Arrow 's stock to his own portfolio because of the agreement with Silver Standard . King noted that in addition to Chinchillas , `` Golden Arrow holds a variety of precious metal ore deposits in Argentina . Overall , there are several different pathways to development .
Continue reading this article : Golden Arrow and Silver Standard Join Forces in Argentina
About Streetwise Reports - The Gold Report
Investors rely on The Gold Report to share investment ideas for the precious , base and critical metals sector . The information provided above is for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security .
DISCLOSURE :
The following companies mentioned in this article are sponsors of Streetwise Reports : Golden Arrow Resources Corp. Streetwise Reports does not accept stock in exchange for its services .
The full disclosure is provided at the end of the published article : Golden Arrow and Silver Standard Join Forces in Argentina
Despite their thrilling winning start to the new Premier League season , Arsenal could be about to lose German international Mesut Ozil to Atletico Madrid .
That 's according to this morning 's football rumour mill , which also suggests that Liverpool are lining up Napoli 's Lorenzo Insigne as a replacement for Barcelona wannabe Philippe Coutinho .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
POLICE IN THE UK are seeking a “ brutal and heartless ” attacker who broke into the home of an 87-year-old great-grandmother and demanded money from her .
The elderly woman suffered extensive injuries during the robbery and was forced to crawl to a neighbour for help after the raider disconnected her phone line .
West Midlands Police said that the woman at first did n't hear the man break into her home at about 6.30 am in the morning but he that he woke her up and took her around the house demanding money .
The man rifled through drawers , stealing jewellery and other precious items .
Included in the items stolen was a commemorative coin from Sierra Leone and police are asking locals to keep a look out for the unusual item .
Detectives are urging the public to help trace a man after an elderly woman was left with horrific injuries when she was robbed in her Wylde Green home on Monday ( 29 Jan ) : https : //t.co/88BlGMKKE9 pic.twitter.com/DYOsswW2Ag — Birmingham Police ( @ brumpolice ) February 2 , 2018 Source : Birmingham Police /Twitter
Such was the extent of the injuries the woman suffered in the attack , police released images of the bruising on the woman 's legs and arms .
“ This was a brutal and heartless attack on this lady and we are absolutely determined to catch the person responsible , ” said investigating officer Laura Halpin .
After 51 years working for Environment Canada , David Phillips has seen a lot of weather . The veteran weatherman has witnessed ice storms , spring blizzards and summers that never happened .
Even with all that experience , Phillips is amazed by the conditions on the Prairies this spring , where the weather shifted from a freezing cold April to a blistering hot May , almost in an instant .
“ For me , the real head-shaker is the contrast between April and May , ” said Phillips , senior climatologist with Environment Canada .
“ When you look at the average maximum temperature in April ( in Brandon , Man . ) it was 5.9 degrees . Now we 're talking about May at 22.9 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The severe change in temperatures , month to month , was similar in Regina . The average daily high in April was 6.1 Celsius . In May , as of May 29 , it was 23.3 .
“ I dare say , I build my reputation on that fact that we 've never seen a switch around like that , ” Phillips said .
“ Walk around in the afternoons in April… and compare it to May and it 's a 17 degree difference . That is like polar and tropical . The normal difference ( April to May ) would be 6.6 C . ”
As an example of how warm it 's been , Brandon recorded five days of temperatures above 30 C in May . That 's comparable to the number of plus 30 days in June or July .
For most , hot spring afternoons are welcome but temperatures in the high 20s are also concerning . Soils in many parts of Western Canada are dry and warm afternoons are making the situation worse .
“ These ( hot ) afternoon temperatures… they 're sucking every bead of moisture that exists , ” Phillips said .
“ The problem is , when you have it so warm you need a lot more precipitation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The billion dollar question , for prairie farmers , is will the sizzling temperatures in May persist into June and July ?
Unfortunately , American forecast models , Weather Network models and Environment Canada computer models all point to a warmer than normal summer for Western Canada .
“ ( Everyone ) is singing from the same song sheet , ” Phillips said .
That does n't mean there will be a drought , as it could be hot and wet in June and July .
The amount of rainfall in June will likely tell the story of the 2018 growing season , because it 's normally the wettest month of the year on the Prairies , Phillips added .
Environment Canada will release all the details of its summer forecast June 1 .
Contact robert.arnason @ producer.com
Telly watchers around Selkirk may have to retune their sets next month to keep receiving BBC channels .
Some Freeview channels are moving to new airwaves to allow for the future development of new mobile broadband services .
Following a decision by Ofcom , the media regulator , transmitters across the UK are being updated region by region as part of a major engineering programme between now and 2020 – and the Selkirk transmitter changes will take place in the morning of Wednesday , March 1 , expected to be completed by 9.30am .
After this , any viewers receiving their TV signal from Selkirk who find they are missing BBC channels should retune to get them back .
High-definition ( HD ) BBC channels will not be affected .
The Selkirk transmitter serves around 18,000 homes .
Retuning should be straightforward and some TV equipment will retune automatically .
Anyone who needs advice , or who finds they are still missing BBC services after retuning , can visit the Freeview website at www.freeview.co.uk/borders or contact the Freeview Advice Line for free on 0808 100 0288 .
Some older aerials – less than 1 % – may need to be replaced to continue receiving these channels .
Help will be available for viewers where this is the case .
Further information is available online at www.freeview.co.uk/borders
Football team helps rescue couple in car crash Coaches and teammates of the Boise Black Knights stopped to help rescue a couple whose car rolled on Highway 95 , south of Jordan Valley , Oregon . Regan Magill and Orlando Clay Jr. Aggregated by Kelsey Grey ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Coaches and teammates of the Boise Black Knights stopped to help rescue a couple whose car rolled on Highway 95 , south of Jordan Valley , Oregon . Regan Magill and Orlando Clay Jr. Aggregated by Kelsey Grey
CaixaBank to move legal headquarters out of Catalonia after referendum
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
This May 13 , 2015 , file photo shows the contents of a drug overdose rescue kit at a training session on how to administer naloxone , which reverses the effects of heroin and prescription painkillers . Carolyn Thompson AP
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
EU capitals seek stronger right of veto on Chinese takeovers
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham software company has been acquired by a Manchester-based rival .
JNC Construction Software has been bought by Eque2 , the construction , contracting and housebuilding software specialist .
Founded in 1994 , JNC Construction Software provides construction accounting and job costing software products to more than 400 businesses .
The undisclosed deal marks Eque2 's second acquisition in six months , following the purchase of the Miracle Dynamics Payroll and HR Solution last year .
Peter Davidson , managing director of operations at Eque2 , said : `` The JNC acquisition is an excellent opportunity to merge both the skills and products of a business which shares the same ambition as Eque2 .
`` We 're all working towards the common goal of helping small to medium-sized construction companies streamline the management of their projects with industry-leading software .
`` This is an exciting time for both businesses and we 're looking forward to working with JNC customers and employees as part of our wider group . ''
Eque2 was backed by LDC , the private equity arm of Lloyds Banking Group , in a £16 million deal in November to help accelerate the firm 's growth strategy .
With the acquisition of JNC , the business now supports more than 1,600 clients and employs more than 135 people across the UK .
One out of every five people older than 65 has been victimized by a financial swindle , according to the Investor Protection Trust . One recent study estimated that older Americans are defrauded out of nearly $ 3 billion each year .
Forum speakers and groups include Rothman ; Clay County Sheriff Bill Bergquist ; Julie Marxen , city of Moorhead Senior Connections and Valley TRIAD ; Gary Johnson , Better Business Bureau of Minnesota and North Dakota ; AARP of Minnesota ; and the Minnesota Elder Justice Center .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Accounting standards in the spotlight as life insurers take strain
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — A massive data leak involving a popular social media site has some people scrambling to check their privacy settings .
Fifty million Facebook profiles of U.S. voters were harvested for private information . Analytics firm Cambridge Analytica obtained the data as it was working for Donald Trump 's presidential campaign . Facebook has suspended the firm . The information was obtained through an app in which people used their Facebook profiles to get registered , which was furthered explained in a statement from the social media site .
Across several websites requiring registration , your Facebook profile can get you signed up with a simple click . It seemed like a good idea to Chad Hanson .
“ When I originally got an Instagram I linked it to Facebook , ” he said .
But what he forgot is that he did the same thing for countless other apps for several years , which gave them access much deeper into his profile than he ever thought .
For example , he had previously used his Facebook profile to log into AOL.com , which he joked her never remembered actually doing .
When he checked to see what type of information AOL.com could see on his profile , he was shocked .
“ Public profile , friends list , relationships , pictures , religious and political views , ” he listed . “ Those were all checked . That was from AOL which I did n't even ever use AOL . ”
While talking with Hanson he started removing the access . To do so , pull up account settings on Facebook . Then click on “ apps ” to see which ones you 've logged into using Facebook . From there you can uncheck the information each app can see on your profile .
It 's a hassle Catherine Gray avoids all together by never clicking on that “ log in with Facebook ” button .
“ I would just choose to do all of the work to enter my information if there was something in particular I wanted to pursue , ” she said .
Learning of the data leak involving Cambridge Analytica only confirmed her concerns . “ In a way it does n't surprise me , and it also completely freaks me out , ” she said .
Rather than specifically unchecking the type of access each app has for his Facebook profile , Hanson began disconnecting the apps from his profile entirely .
“ Be careful for what you sign up for , ” he said . “ Just make sure you know what you 're doing when you sign up for these things because there 's definitely stuff that I would n't want AOL to know about me . ”
To check the type of access apps have on your Facebook profile while using a desktop computer , follow these steps :
Now if your average alien society lasts for a long time — say more than 100,000 years — then its signals can cover the entire galaxy while the aliens are still with us . If this is a typical situation — if Klingon cultures have staying power — there could be many transmissions wafting over the Earth from societies that are still extant .
On the other hand , if the lights go out for most societies relatively quickly , then most signals reaching Earth now or in the immediate future are likely to be from aliens who are dead . If most civilizations transmit for 10,000 years ( we earthlings have been transmitting for roughly a century ) , then 99 percent of all the signals washing over our planet are from expired , or at least silent , societies .
So yes , a SETI detection might come from a fossilized culture . But it 's fair to ask , “ So what ? ” Would we care that the aliens are gone ? Obviously , back-and-forth conversations would be out of the question . But conversations would be tedious anyway if the aliens are as much as 100 light-years distant .
And besides , I read Julius Caesar in high school Latin class , and it was interesting even though the “ message ” was 2,000 years old and the Roman Empire was dead . If we were to receive a message from aliens , the big news would n't hinge on whether we were able to converse with them . It would be simply that someone else was out there .
Any message we receive would come from a society whose technology was far beyond our own . After all , they were able to transmit an intelligible signal powerful enough to reach across the cosmos . And so I believe that whether or not they were still around , what they had to say would be enormously interesting — and possibly useful in ensuring our own long-term survival .
GAME PLAN : It was all hands on deck at Ray White Whitsunday after Cyclone Debbie .
WHEN Cyclone Debbie tore through the Whitsundays on March 28 , Ray White 's first priority was their tenants .
`` The initial 24 hours after the cyclone were difficult because even when the cyclone was going on , we were getting calls from tenants saying they were losing their roof , losing things off their balcony and we just did n't know what was going to happen , ” owner of Ray White Whitsunday Belinda Beale said .
In the days leading up to the cyclone , Mrs Beale and her husband Mark knew the category four system was going to be different to any other cyclone they 'd experienced .
`` This time we were really organised , ” Mrs Beale said .
`` I had sent our corporate team in Brisbane the contact details of every owner and tenant . ”
On the Saturday after the cyclone , it was all hands on deck with every staff member coming in and working 10 days straight .
`` Thankfully we still had Telstra because if we did n't , there would have been no way that we could have operated , ” Mrs Beale said .
`` We were able to hotspot to an iPhone and laptop so it was chaotic but it was an organised chaos . ”
It was n't just in the office where staff were working hard but out on the grounds too .
Mrs Beale said in the aftermath , many of the sales team were out removing trees from the driveways of tenants and also taking care of their own homes .
Thankfully , Ray White received minimal damage to the office .
Mr Beale said with the workload increased , former property manager Karen Macdonald was recruited to the role of disaster recovery management .
`` Her job was to follow up with insurance companies , owners , tenants , tradespeople and work with tradespeople , ” Mr Beale said .
`` We had other workers who needed to do their job , ” he said .
`` And if they 're dealing with 500-600 insurance claims , they do n't have time to chase it up . ”
Kenya 's Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday , pulling away from American Galen Rupp with about two miles to go to win in an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 37 seconds .
Rupp , a three-time Olympian making his Boston debut , was 21 seconds behind and Japan 's Suguru Osako was another 30 seconds back . Americans had six of the top 10 finishers in the men 's race and two of the top four women .
Kenyan policewoman Edna Kiplagat won the women 's race in 2:21:52 , needing only one try in Boston to add it to wins in London , New York and Los Angeles . She pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds .
“ When I was running , my body was feeling good , ” said Kiplagat , who was greeted at the finish line by two of her children . “ I tried to push more , hard and I saw my ( rivals ) were not picking up the pace . ”
American Jordan Hasay , making her debut at the distance , was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four .
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in slowed the runners but the strong tailwind was a boost — especially for the wheelchair races .
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time , outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds . Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women 's mark by more than five minutes , winning in 1:28:17 .
The winners ' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday .
Related stories…
“ The wind is so important , ” Hug said . “ The roads were good . Everything was fantastic today . ”
Earlier Monday , city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon .
City officials and the families of five people who died in the bombing or its aftermath say there 's also a plan to build a separate , larger memorial to victims , survivors and responders .
Pablo Eduardo is a Massachusetts resident and internationally known sculptor . He 'll create the memorial markers on Boylston Street where bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others .
Eduardo said Monday his goal is to “ embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved . ”
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
WEST CARROLLTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – A local community is having an ice cream social and talking about future plans for the city .
The city of West Carrollton is asking community members what the city should do to redevelop the area near Elm Street and Central Avenue where the Fraser Paper Mill was demolished .
READ MORE : Old paper mill to be demolished
The study is being funded by The Montgomery County Land Bank .
West Carrollton Planning Director , Greg Gaines , says conversations about what 's next for the city is beneficial .
“ The overall goal is to enhance the desirability of the downtown as a destination , ” Gaines said . “ This project will help us to articulate an economically-viable , market-based , sustainable vision for redevelopment of the Fraser Paper site and Olde Downtown area , which we will in turn used to attract a private development partner to implement that vision . ”
The ice cream social will take place Wednesday , August 23 from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m .
West Carrolloton residents who are unable to make the event can submit their comments and feedback online to the West Central Ave Strategic Plan website .
DENVER , Colo. - The holiday season may have brought more cheer , but for many it also brought more debt . Shoppers added an average of about $ 1,000 in debt over the holidays . That 's up about 2 percent from last year according to Magnify Money . And most people did n't plan on it .
`` I did n't spend any more than usual but it 's still a lot . It 's always a lot. , '' says shopper Valeri Meyers .
She admits the holiday spending plan does n't always turn out as intended .
`` I try to stick to like the debit card with using what I 've got but inevitably the credit cards come out , '' Meyers says .
Researchers at Georgetown and other universities found the secret to paying off those credit card bills may be focus . They found people who targeted paying off one of several accounts were more successful than those who spread out repayments across their cards .
Researchers also found people feel a bigger sense of accomplishment when they pay off a more significant portion of their balance , meaning it 's not about how much you repay , but how much of the balance is left .
`` I try to pay more than the minimum balance or the minimum required , '' Meyers says . `` So I try to do double what they 're asking for the minimum and it pays it off a little bit faster . ''
Experts say if your credit cards have similar interest rates , pay down the ones with the smallest balances first . Also , consider a balance transfer card . You can often get a zero percent introductory annual percentage rate . Although there is a fee , it could work well if you can pay down the transferred balance each month before the rate expires .
Still , experts say this shopper 's approach may be best .
`` I use my credit cards as convenience but I pay off the bills right away , '' Andy Klein says .
But if you ca n't , have a plan .
To avoid credit card debt in the first place , research from the Urban Institute says using cash instead of plastic for small purchases can really make a difference . A charge card can add about 20 percent to an item 's total cost because of interest .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Taimur Ali Khan had a fun at Rani Mukerji 's daughter Adira 's Birthday party | FilmiBeat
Rani Mukherji recently throw a fairy-themed birthday bash for her daughter Adira as she turned two .
As guess what ! it was too much fun with Shahrukh Khan bringing in AbRam with him and Kareena Kapoor Khan 's little munchkin Taimur bonding with Karan Johar 's twins Yash and Roohi . Of course , the parents too had their share of fun .
Check out all the inside pictures here ...
The grade point average for current Essex High School juniors will be converted under the new grading scale conversion next fall , making them the first class to apply for college under the system , principal Rob Reardon told the school board earlier this month
The high school wo n't , however , retroactively change grades for those who failed a class under the current system but would have achieved a passing grade under the new scale .
Reardon relayed the two administrative decisions to the school board May 15 , two weeks after he first outlined the grading scale conversion changes .
The new system operates with a passing grade of 60 — 10 points lower than now — and converts grades from a 100-scale into a generally higher GPA . For example , an 85 average will be converted to a 3.0 instead of a 2.4 .
Reardon expected an easy transition for current juniors who will apply for college next fall because they will still receive a grade out of 100 on their transcripts . Colleges will then take that cumulative grade to convert a GPA using the school 's profile sent with each application .
Reardon said the high school will work with admissions counselors from the University of Vermont to tailor a new school profile that sends a “ clear message going forward. ” The updated profile will be posted online by August 29 , the first day of the 2018 school year .
Parents and several board members had called for the retroactive changes , but Reardon said students knew what to expect when the year began , since teachers establish course expectations for each class .
“ They 're working hard with students right now who made be on the precipice of passing or not passing , and then to automatically change things after the fact , teachers would not support that all , ” Reardon said .
Retired EHS teacher John Maddalena wondered how teachers will make the transition since , for example , a failing grade of 69 this year will constitute a passing grade next year . Reardon said teachers across content areas are now working to figure that out .
More changes are on the way for EHS and many other Vermont schools as the 2020 deadline for a proficiency-based system nears . Earlier this year , Reardon said that transition will include a discussion about whether to keep the traditional 100-scale or move to a new system altogether .
He said none of those decisions have been made .
With an eye to the future , will Moncada wind up at Chicago White Sox 's No . 2 hitter ?
hello
Chicago White Sox 's Yoan Moncada watches his deep fly ball hook foul during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Wednesday , Aug. 9 , 2017 , in Chicago .
Todd Steverson is the Chicago White Sox 's hitting coach , not the manager .
That 's why he paused when asked where rookie second baseman Yoan Moncada is going to eventually land in the Sox 's batting order .
`` I see him wherever skip ( Rick Renteria ) wants to put him , '' Steverson said . `` I do n't make the lineups around here . ''
That is Renteria 's job , and since coming up from Class AAA Charlotte Moncada has hit second , fourth , fifth , sixth and seventh .
With the White Sox in a full-blown rebuild and not expected to be legitimate playoff contenders until 2020 , there is plenty of time to experiment with Moncada .
Steverson does see one favorable lineup spot for the 22-year-old switch hitter .
`` He probably has the ability to be a good No . 2 hole hitter , '' Steverson said . `` He 's a switch hitter and can pull the ball through the four hole off righties . He can be very valuable as a right-hander against left-handers .
`` He 's pretty comparable from both sides , but he obviously takes more at-bats from the left than the right . I 'd say No . 2 or something like that because he can run , he can steal some bases , and he can score some runs . ''
As expected , Moncada has had some great moments and some forgettable ones since joining the Sox on July 19 .
From Aug. 3-11 , he reached base safely in 18 of 35 plate appearances and had a seven-game hitting streak . The highlight came against Houston last Thursday , when Moncada tied the game with a home run in the ninth inning and won it with an RBI single in the 11th .
The lowlight was 5 straight strikeouts against Kansas City over the weekend .
In 22 games with the White Sox , Moncada has compiled an unusual hitting line : .205/.348/.356 .
While he has struck out 31 times in 89 plate appearances , Moncada has drawn 14 walks .
`` My focus is tried to hit a good pitch , a pitch that is in the strike zone , '' Moncada said through a translator . `` Of course , fastball is your first approach . Your approach is always for a fastball .
`` But when you see a breaking pitch or an off-speed pitch , you have to make an adjustment . You have to be sure that off-speed pitch is in the strike zone because if not you are giving a favor to the pitcher . ''
Steverson has been impressed with Moncada 's batting eye and patience .
`` Normally , you have to try to calm them down and kind of corral them into understanding the strike zone , '' Steverson said . `` The ability to have that from the get-go is huge . Obviously , in the type of game we play now , that has more value than the free swinger that has crazy pop .
`` The guy with the better eye is probably going to be on base more , and that creates more runs . I 'm happy he 's got it . That 's a testament he knows how to get on base . When his hitting comes to where it needs to be , it 's going to be real nice . ''
Moncada can hit major-league fastballs . He 's still learning to hit off-speed pitches , especially from the right side of the plate .
When he figures it all out , watch out .
`` As a hitter , honestly , if you want to take away that off-speed , you 've got to show them that you 're going to be able to manipulate and manage that pitch before they start changing their plan and start giving you fastballs , '' Renteria said . `` That 's something he 's working on , from both sides of the plate .
`` He 's 22 years old garnering at-bats at the major-league level with guys that are throwing pretty good off-speed pitches and commanding them . I will say this , in watching him work and watching his demeanor , this is a kid that will exponentially grow fast . ''
It 's hard to believe , but Derek Lam was a 1980s fashion victim , hitting the party scene in a red-and-black Jean Paul Gaultier toreador vest . “ It was a good time to be a club kid in New York , ” the designer , 49 , tells Alexa with a laugh . “ I think I learned a lot about what it means to inhabit your style or exhibit it . It was so much fun . ”
Fast forward 30 years and Lam is a two-time CFDA-award winner , famed for his modern , trend-proof clothes . He avoids gimmicks , instead designing timeless , feminine pieces favored by stylish women such as Naomi Watts , Karlie Kloss and Michelle Obama .
“ Derek 's clothes are chic , classic and beautifully done , ” says Marina Larroudé , fashion director at Barneys . “ His collections are filled with staple pieces that help build a strong wardrobe , season after season . ”
Indeed , Lam 's pieces are often worn in heavy rotation . The former first lady loved his spring 2011 toffee-colored ikat-print dress so much that she rocked it two ways : with sleeves in Indonesia and then without for a luncheon at the White House .
Unbeknownst to the designer , a tailor had transformed the garment . “ She looked amazing , ” says Lam . “ She always made an impact . ”
Lam grew up in retail , the son of San Francisco import/export merchants . His grandparents owned a wedding-gown factory , which he credits for his early fascination with fashion . “ That was a time when everything was made by hand , ” he says . “ I remember these huge dresses , lots of tulle . ”
After graduating from Parsons in 1990 , Lam landed a job assisting Michael Kors , eventually becoming VP of design for Kors ' secondary line .
In 2003 , Lam launched his own signature collection with business partner Jan-Hendrik Schlottmann , now his husband .
In 2011 they introduced Derek Lam 10 Crosby , a relaxed diffusion line inspired by the lively world outside their offices , then located at that Soho address ; five years later they unveiled a 10-fragrance , color-coded scent collection of the same name .
For spring 2017 , Lam was feeling more of a Santa Fe vibe . Artist Georgia O'Keeffe inspired his sublimely simple washed-twill skirt and eyelet voile blouse , and a strapless dress with a fringed scarf in a desert palette . And he 's now gearing up for an intimate fall presentation on Feb. 15 .
“ It 's going to be very eclectic , a mix of what I love in the '70s , ” says Lam , who has a penchant for flared pants and elongated silhouettes . “ But I do n't want to make a retro collection — it 's a modernist collection . ”
Speaking of retro , what ever happened to that prized bullfighter vest ? Lam sold the memento of his disco days to NYC 's Resurrection Vintage about a year and a half ago . When he stopped by the store recently , the vest was still available for $ 450 . “ I think I have to buy it back ! ”
From Popular Mechanics
Back in December , Donald Trump caused a ruck when he tweeted that the costs for replacing Air Force One jets were `` out of control . '' Now that Trump is in office , Defense Secretary James Mattis has ordered a full review of the $ 3.2 billion project to find ways to cut back costs . The aviation industry at large has taken notice .
[ contentlinks align= '' left '' textonly= '' false '' numbered= '' false '' headline= '' Related % 20Story '' customtitles= '' Canceling % 20the % 20New % 20Air % 20Force % 20One % 20Would % 20Be % 20Awful % 20 '' customimages= '' '' content= '' article.24175 '' ]
According to Aviation Week , a new report from aerospace and defense analysts has gone so far as to suggest ditching the massive Boeing 747-8 as the airframe for Air Force One and instead modifying another aircraft for presidential use-perhaps Boeing 's smaller 737 , or even the B-21 stealth bomber still in development by Northrop Grumman .
The current pair of Air Force One aircraft are modified 747s officially called Boeing VC-25s . They have been in service since 1990 . To shift away from a 747-based AF1 , the requirements for the presidential transport would need to change . Among other things , the Air Force stipulates a four-engine jet that can accommodate at least 70 passengers . The United States has begun the process to build new AF1 aircraft , but those rules effectively limit the airframe options to the Boeing 747 and the Airbus A380 .
The new report released by consulting company Wright Williams & Kelly ( WWK ) , however , suggests major cost savings can be achieved by changing the requirements to allow smaller aircraft to be considered for Air Force One . The 737 , for example , has already been converted for military use on many occasions , and outfitting a fleet of 737s for the president would allow the Air Force to avoid the massive one-time investment of militarizing the new 747-8 for the first time . Industry experts also expect the 737 to continue flying for decades while 747 sales taper off , possibly foreshadowing the ultimate end of the jumbo jet . Danny Lam , spokesman for the WWK report , told Aviation Week , `` We 're still going to be flying 737s for at least 30 years down the road . ''
View photos Photo credit : U.S. Navy More
A bolder and more intriguing ( if less realistic ) suggestion is to use the future B-21 Raider next-generation stealth bomber as a primary Air Force One presidential transport . Although the passenger capacity would have to be drastically cut to just a handful of aides and crew members , the B-21 offers unsurpassed survivability in the form of stealth and shielding against conventional and electronic attacks . With sophisticated surface-to-air missiles becoming more readily available to non-state insurgent groups , survivability of Air Force One may trump other considerations .
Lam told Aviation Week :
The 747 is a fat radar target , about the size of a B-52 . [ The B-21 ] has stealth built in , it 's nuclear-rated and heavily shielded right off the bat . It 's going to be terribly cramped but man , it would be a survivable platform , especially if operated in twos and threes .
With a small team crammed into the hollowed-out weapon bays of the B-21 , additional staff , military support , and media would be required to travel in convoy aircraft that accompany Air Force One . The president would conduct his or her business with people on other planes via encrypted communication systems . The WWK report used the unclassified B-2 Spirit 's design in place of the B-21 , which is expected to enter service in the mid-2020s and is still a classified aircraft .
As enticing as it might sound , the B-21 is unlikely to become the next Air Force One . At the very most , a B-21 could be outfitted as supplemental transport for the president in special circumstances or in an emergency . Abandoning the 747 for the 737 , however , is more likely to garner serious consideration by the Air Force .
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad . It 's educational , invigorating and just plain fun . With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands . In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation . The more pre-planning that you do , the fewer hassles during your travels . Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “ Trip of a Lifetime ! ”
Solar Integrator Expands Geospatial Services Partnerships
ROSEVILLE , CA and ST. PETERSBURG , FL -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - Sunworks , Inc. ( NASDAQ : SUNW ) , a leading provider of solar power solutions for commercial and residential markets , today announced its strategic marketing partnership with Quantum Spatial , Inc. , the nation 's largest independent geospatial data firm .
Chuck Cargile , Sunworks Chief Executive Officer , said , `` We are excited to welcome Quantum Spatial to the Sunworks team in a strategic partnership that will continue our expansion of capability offerings into the geospatial services arena . This new relationship with Quantum Spatial will enhance our growth in the federal and commercial markets as a result of their superb technical prowess and exemplary reputation with their domestic as well as international clients in the energy and government domains . ''
Quantum Spatial provides geographic insights and advanced mapping technologies for energy , transportation , environmental and government clients in the United States and internationally . The company offers solutions in the areas of acquisition , analysis , integration and management of geospatial data ; leveraging advanced remote sensing technologies , such as LiDAR and hyperspectral imaging , geographic information systems ( GIS ) , mobile mapping and advanced analytics . These geospatial solutions are used for various applications , such as habitat assessment and land use planning , renewable energy , regulatory compliance , engineering design and disaster preparedness .
`` Sunworks has gained significant market traction because of their exceptional knowledge and execution in delivering tangible , ongoing value to customers , '' said Rajib Roy , CEO of Quantum Spatial . `` We look forward to this first step in our partnership . ''
About Sunworks , Inc .
Founded in 1983 , Sunworks , Inc. has emerged as a premier provider of solar power solutions for both consumers and businesses . We 're committed to quality construction practices that always exceed industry standards and uphold our ideals of ethics and safety . Today , Sunworks continues to grow its presence , expanding nationally with regional and local offices . We strive to consistently deliver high quality , performance oriented solutions for the agriculture , commercial , federal , public works , residential , and utility industries . Our dedication to excellence is reflected in our 25-year warranty , a benchmark that we stand by in order to support our customers above and beyond their expectations .
To learn more about Sunworks , visit our website at http : //sunworksusa.com/ .
About Quantum Spatial , Inc .
Quantum Spatial , Inc. ( QSI ) , the nation 's largest independent geospatial data firm , provides geographic insights to the largest government and corporate organizations that need geospatial intelligence to mitigate risk , plan for growth , better manage resources and advance scientific understanding . A pioneer in advanced mapping technology , QSI 's end-to-end solutions and services deliver the industry 's highest data quality and accuracy , while leveraging the widest array of technologies for analyzing all types of terrains . Customers use the company 's acquisition , processing , analytics and visualization solutions in a range of technical and scientific disciplines - from geology and biology , to hydrology , forestry and civil engineering . Utilities , oil and gas producers , engineering and construction firms , as well as the military and major government agencies , are QSI customers . QSI has multiple offices around the country . For more information visit quantumspatial.com , join us on LinkedIn or follow us on Twitter @ QuantumSpatial .
Tesla 's controversial Autopilot driver-assistance system has been implicated in another crash with a parked emergency vehicle , this time a police SUV in southern California .
“ This morning a Tesla sedan driving outbound Laguna Canyon Road in ‘ autopilot ' collides with a parked @ LagunaBeachPD unit , ” Laguna Beach police tweeted Tuesday .
The police vehicle was unoccupied at the time , and the Tesla driver received minor injuries , police said , adding that the crash was reported to the department around 11 a.m .
The Tesla in photos posted by police appears to be a Model S .
Tesla , asked about the accident , noted that drivers are not supposed to rely exclusively on Autopilot .
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings . Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter .
“ When using Autopilot , drivers are continuously reminded of their responsibility to keep their hands on the wheel and maintain control of the vehicle at all times , ” a spokesperson for the Palo Alto electric carmaker said .
“ Tesla has always been clear that Autopilot does n't make the car impervious to all accidents , and before a driver can use Autopilot , they must accept a dialogue box which states that ‘ Autopilot is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear lane markings . ' ”
The crash represents at least the third time this year that a Tesla reported to be on Autopilot has hit a parked emergency vehicle . In January , a Model S slammed into the back of a fire truck parked on a freeway in Culver City at an accident scene . The local firefighters union tweeted that the driver said the car was on Autopilot at the time of the collision .
Earlier this month in Utah , a Model S on Autopilot hit a parked fire truck after reportedly speeding up before the impact . Tesla said the driver in the Utah accident had her hands off the wheel repeatedly during her trip , and had n't touched the wheel for more than a minute before the crash . Police said she 'd admitted that she was looking at her phone . The Utah driver received a broken foot .
In two other crashes involving Autopilot , drivers of the vehicles have died . Walter Huang died in March on Highway 101 in Mountain View when his Model X on Autopilot veered into a barrier . His family has claimed he had taken the SUV into a dealer several times , complaining about Autopilot and saying it kept veering toward the same barrier . Tesla has said Huang had received a number of warnings from the car to keep his hands on the wheel , and that they were off the wheel for six seconds before the collision .
In 2016 , a Model S driver was killed in Florida when the car crashed into a semi-truck . Federal officials blamed the truck 's driver for failing to yield , on the driver for relying too heavily on Autopilot , and on Elon Musk-led Tesla : Autopilot contributed to the crash by allowing lengthy disengagement from the driving process , on a roadway unsuitable for the semi-autonomous-driving system , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . Also , the Autopilot technology that monitors whether a driver has hands on the steering wheel is n't a good way to tell if the driver is paying attention , the board said .
Tickets on Sale for Both World of Outlaws events at River Cities Speedway
Front Page News
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — Texas will be without leading scorer Andrew Jones for several games because of a fracture in his right wrist . Jones was…
Those of you looking to pick up a pair of LG 's strange but increasingly popular Tone Platinum HBS-1100 Bluetooth neckbuds are in luck this Easter holiday . Today we 're seeing deals across multiple retailers , knocking as much as $ 115 off the $ 199.99 MRSP for a brand-new model . And if you 're willing to go down the refurbished route , you can get a pair for as little as $ 76.99 .
Here 's a full rundown of all the best deals :
New
$ 84.99 - Silver - Walmart
$ 89.99 - Gold - Walmart
$ 89.99 - Black - Groupon
$ 98.00 - Black - Walmart
Refurbished
$ 76.99 - Silver - Amazon
$ 79.99 - Black - Amazon
Walmart also has the gray model at $ 79.99 new , but these are unfortunately out of stock at the time of writing . For comparison , while still on offer , the same set of buds ( new ) will set you back $ 169 at Best Buy ( black , gold or silver ) or at least $ 124.50 ( gold ) at Amazon .
As a bonus , if you want something a little more exercise-friendly you can grab the LG Tone Active HBS-A80 for $ 49.50 on eBay .
Off the Menu with Dara can be heard every Saturday from 11 a.m. to noon on News Radio 830 WCCO ! See all of Mpls . St.Paul Magazine 's Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl 's Top 5 lists here ! It 's absolutely the height of muskmelon season . They are piled up at every farmer 's market ! But what to do besides eating them out of hand ? You can get fancy . And try my top five canteloupe and muskmelon recipes !
Melon Carpaccio
Recipe Melon carpaccios were on every menu for a little while in the 1990 's , but I have n't seen them around in a while . They should come back ! Mainly they 're very , very thin slices of melon dressed with olive oil , lime and salt . Here 's a recipe that throws tarragon on the melon for a little edge—if you do n't have tarragon you could substitute thyme , basil , or even lavender . Serve it with a chill glass of sauvignon blanc . Fresh and fancy !
Underbelly 's Grilled Canteloupe with Agrodolce
Recipe It 's not something most people do , but it 's so easy to grill canteloupe . Once you have the grill going , and once you try it with this sweet-and-sour vinegar sauce you will wonder why we have n't been grilling canteloupe your whole entire life . This is a great one to bring to a potluck—people will be amazed at you ! So clever , grilling canteloupe .
Canteloupe Cocktails
Recipe 2 There are so many fun cocktails to make with melon—you can take your melon baller , make some melon balls , freeze them , and use them as ice-cubes in sangria . You can puree your melon and make a sort of melon mojito , with mint and lime . These are fun . Have a melon cocktail party , why do n't you ?
Salted and Spiced Melon
Recipe You are going to think I 'm crazy , but this recipe for putting fancy salt and pepper on melon—it 's straight-up brilliant . The sweet melon with the pepper spice and the depth of salt—you will think it is so much more cooked than it is . Also , you can make mountains of this for parties , and it also works on watermelon , honeydew , or a mix of those all together .
Messi , Argentina on verge of World Cup catastrophe RIO DE JANEIRO — It 's getting late for Lionel Messi , who 'll be 31 during next year 's World Cup in Russia . He 's yet to deliver a major trophy for Argentina , his ...
Soccer star scrambling after making 'racist ' Chinese pose BEIJING — Argentina international Ezequiel Lavezzi has apologized to his Chinese fans over a photo leaked online in which he pulls back his eyes with his fingers in a gesture ...
Video emerges of mob 's sick shove that left soccer fan brain dead BUENOS AIRES , Argentina — An Argentine soccer fan has been declared brain dead after he was chased down the terraces of a stadium and allegedly thrown from the bleachers . The ...
Lionel Messi said something awful , and now he 's in big trouble Soccer golden boy Lionel Messi has been banned from Argentina 's next four World Cup qualifiers , starting with Tuesday 's game in Bolivia , putting his team in danger of missing the 2018 ...
Lionel Messi makes dream come true for Afghan 'plastic bag ' boy It was an image that touched the hearts of millions : A 5-year-old Afghan boy wearing an improvised Lionel Messi jersey made from a plastic bag . Now , nearly a year later , ...
Lionel Messi gets 21 months in prison -- but wo n't serve any time International soccer sensation Lionel Messi was sentenced to 21 months in prison on Wednesday after a Barcelona court found him guilty of three counts of tax fraud — but he 's ...
Argentina tries every trick in the book to get Messi back Lionel Messi 's plea for retirement from Argentina 's national soccer team has many obsessed fans — from passionate youngsters to the president of the country — begging for the best player in the world to ...
Lionel Messi 's latest title failure has him talking about quitting Lionel Messi still is waiting for his first title with Argentina . And after Sunday 's loss in the Copa America Centanario final — in which the world 's best player cried openly ...
Lionel Messi blows it in shootout as Chile wins Copa Lionel Messi put his penalty kick over the crossbar , grabbed his shirt , clenched his teeth and put both hands over his face . A few minutes later he walked off the ...
TORONTO — Veteran Canadian actor Christopher Plummer has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his role in “ All the Money in the World . ”
The 87-year-old Plummer replaced Kevin Spacey as billionaire J. Paul Getty after Spacey was ousted from the movie in the wake of a series of sexual misconduct allegations .
Plummer was nominated for best actor in a supporting role along with Willem Dafoe ( “ The Florida Project , ” ) Armie Hammer ( “ Call Me by Your Name ” ) , Richard Jenkins ( “ The Shape of Water ” ) and Sam Rockwell ( “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” ) .
Eric McCormack and the animated film “ The Breadwinner ” were among the other Canadian nominees announced today .
Toronto-born McCormack is nominated for best actor in a musical or comedy series for “ Will and Grace . ”
And “ The Breadwinner , ” a Canadian co-production produced by Angelina Jolie , is up for best animated film .
Meanwhile , the HBO series “ Big Little Lies , ” directed by Montreal 's Jean-Marc Vallee , is in the running for six trophies while Guillermo del Toro 's Cold War-era fairytale “ The Shape of Water , which was shot in Toronto and Hamilton , earned a leading seven nods .
Alberta-shot series “ Fargo ” was also nominated for TV 's best limited series or motion picture .
“ The Handmaid 's Tale , ” based on Canadian author Margaret Atwood 's acclaimed novel , also received several nominations , including the best television drama .
The County Department of Environmental Health ( DEH ) has issued a Boil Water Advisory for Live Oak Springs due to a problem in the water supply .
The DEH said the Live Oak Springs Water Company lost water pressure within its distribution system .
The advisory will last until laboratory analysis confirms that there are no bacteria present in the water supply , according to the DEH .
The Live Oak Springs Water Company serves the Live Oak Springs resort , which includes 92 residential homes , a recreational vehicle park , cabins , a laundry facility , a market and deli , and a restaurant .
For more information on the Boil Water Advisory , please contact Rocky Vandergriff , Certified Water Operator , Live Oak Springs Water Company at ( 760 ) 427-4235 .
BONIFAY — A 31-year-old woman has been arrested on an outstanding warrant , along with drug charges .
The Holmes County Sheriff 's Office , acting on a tip , arrested Vernita Connell on charges of possession of marijuana and possesssion of drug paraphernalia , and the outstanding warrant .
Officers had been informed that Connell had a substantial amount of methamphetamine at her residence .
Officers confiscated one-and-a-half ounces of ICE methamphetamine and a plastic bag containing over 500 Xanax pills . As a result , Connell was hit with additional charges of possession of methamphetamine and possession of the Xanax with intent to distribute .
Cardi B snags top Billboard spot from Taylor — and makes history The Right Said Fred revival is on ice , because Taylor Swift 's “ I 'm Too Sexy ” -cribbing single “ Look What You Made Me Do ” has been dethroned as the Hot 100 No . 1 ...
The secret to predicting the next pop hit To get to the top of Billboard 's Hot 100 , you need to be different but not too different , according to a new study . Researchers at Columbia Business School and INSEAD ...
Khalid wants millennials to get off their damn phones Kids today — all they want to do is stare at their phones and text , Snapchat , Snaptext and Textchat , right ? Well , not exactly . As rising R & B star Khalid explains , the ...
Which one of these music labels will land 'Song of the Summer ' ? So who do you like — DJ Khaled , Justin Bieber or Bruno Mars ? Well , you probably fancy all three — but only one of the trio of superstars is in ...
Heavy exposure has sparked Ed Sheeran 's rise to No . 1 Flame-haired troubadour Ed Sheeran is exploding . “ Divide , ” the third album from the 26-year-old Brit , is expected to debut at No . 1 when the US album charts are released on Monday , ...
New Jersey 's newest music star tops the Billboard charts Bruce Springsteen and Jon Bon Jovi , meet New Jersey 's freshest musical star : Charlie Puth . The 23-year-old Atlantic Records singer-songwriter hit No . 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart on Wednesday ...
Sales slip gives Madonna ‘ Heart ' pain Madonna just keeps on pushing through the pain . Sales of her “ Rebel Heart ” album , released March 10 , suffered a sharp drop in its second week . Her 13th studio effort swiftly ...
Why Wheeling High School has ramped up its manufacturing program
hello
Wheeling High School students huddled over damaged robots , the lasting remnants of a bygone battle that tested their engineering and design prowess in a `` Battlebots '' competition .
Others operated a milling machine , cutting metal with sharp precision .
Some already have experience with precision cutting . They produced parts for NASA to be used as handrails for astronauts on the International Space Station . The engineers at NASA demand the aluminum alloy and stainless steel hardware be within 1/1000th of an inch of specified dimensions .
`` If we had a problem , we had to figure out why without the people at NASA , '' junior Daniel Sobas said . `` It was pretty much us trying to fix it . ''
This problem-solving was on full display Monday as the students showcased the school 's manufacturing program to local business owners and school officials , including Illinois State Superintendent of Schools Tony Smith .
`` The ability to problem-solve is going to be more important than ever , '' Smith told students .
The school recently doubled the size of its manufacturing lab , an effort to meet high demand for skilled labor . And four new industrial robots are on the way , thanks in part to a $ 150,000 donation from HydraForce , a manufacturing company based in Lincolnshire .
The industrial robots represent the school 's continuing effort to give students experience in automated technology . They 're the same machines used by the U.S . Postal Service to sort mail and Wisconsin bratwurst makers use to pack meats displayed on grocery store shelves .
The school has even advertised its manufacturing and automated technology program as a pitch to attract Amazon 's HQ2 second headquarters to the Northwest suburbs .
Yet even if Illinois does n't lure the coveted online retail giant , plenty of local companies will need students with engineering and manufacturing experience . Wheeling has the fifth-highest manufacturing employment concentration in the state , trailing only Chicago , Elk Grove Village , Rockford and Elgin .
`` We are making education not only relevant to our students , but making our school relevant to our community , '' Wheeling High School Principal Jerry Cook said .
Kevin Clay , the manager of manufacturer Sandvik Coromant in Schaumburg , told students the industry is expected to have a shortage of 85 million skilled laborers by 2020 . Sandvik Coromant alone has about 290 job openings , he said .
`` If someone tells me they ca n't find a job , it 's unfortunate because they probably do n't have the skill set for all the jobs that are out there , '' Clay said .
Miami 's Most Iconic BarsGoing out to a bar is a very popular outing for adults on the weekends . But most bars just play music and offer drinks . For those looking for a little change , try visiting an iconic bar . Antique architecture , buildings , legends from decades in the past , and gorgeous , calming views are just some of the things that go into making a bar an iconic landmark .
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
Follow WQAM on Twitter | Facebook
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – The New England Patriots ' evil empire will go for their sixth Super Bowl victory in seventeen years when Tom Brady and company face Nick Foles and the underdog Philadelphia Eagles .
Will the Eagles win their first championship since 1960 ? Or will New England 's ageless quarterback and hooded head coach keep their dynasty on the NFL throne ?
The hosts of 560 WQAM have submitted their picks :
Joe Rose : “ It will be a close game , but the Eagles will always be thinking about not being up enough heading into or during the fourth quarter , with the ( Patriots ) Jaguars game and last year 's Super Bowl on their minds . The Patriots will come back to win this one , too. ” SCORE : 27-23 Patriots .
Zach Krantz : “ In a one game matchup and two weeks for Bill Belichick to prepare , it 's tough for anyone to beat the Pats . Rob Gronkowski will be the x-factor and will end up with at least one touchdown . Brady gets Super Bowl ring number six and Philly takes a bad loss again . Gronk will be SB MVP. ” SCORE : 31-21 Patriots .
Orlando “ The Big O ” Alzugaray : The experience , the head coach , and the quarterback will be too much to overcome . While the Eagles have had a phenomenal season while overcoming a ton of injuries , it will be tough to overcome the experience of the Patriots .
Nick Foles has done a great job in filling in for Wentz , but can he defeat New England when they take away the running game or Zach Ertz ? While it 's a cliche , it 's also true that the Patriots will take away what you do best and force you to beat them in other ways . In the end I expect the Patriots to force Foles and the Eagles into mistakes that will cost them this game . SCORE : 27-19 Patriots .
Marc Hochman : “ I usually enjoy being the guy that goes against the prevailing thought , but I ca n't do it on this Super Bowl . To me this comes down to Nick Foles vs. Tom Brady and Bill Belechick vs. Doug Pederson . And I 'm not picking against Brady or Belechick in either of those matchups . My wife is from Philadelphia , and I 'd love to be able to see her celebrate a Super Bowl victory… but I do n't think it 's gon na happen this year. ” SCORE : 30-27 Patriots .
Channing Crowder : “ Last year 's six point win over the Falcons was the largest margin of victory in the Brady/Belichick seven Super Bowl appearances . I believe this year , the game will be close like the last seven . Eagles will keep it close , and maybe even take the lead into the second half . At some point the dinking and dunking Pats offense will open it up and the stingy defense will frustrate Nick Foles into late game , bad decisions . Pats win it late by 4 points or fewer. ” SCORE : 27-23 Patriots
Alex Donno : “ There 's no substitute for experience . Tom Brady has played in as many Super Bowls ( 7 ) as the entire Eagles roster combined . The game will be close , and I expect the Eagles to enjoy a lead heading into the fourth quarter . Jay Ajayi will have a solid game for the Eagles but Foles will make key mistakes late . As usual , Brady will come alive in the fourth and throw a game-winning touchdown to Gronk. ” SCORE : 24-20 Patriots .
Joe Zagacki : “ The Eagles will win with a late field goal . Their defense will be just good enough to slow down Brady . The Eagles will control the game with their running game . I should mention , my family is from Philadelphia . Fly Eagles Fly . Third time is a charm. ” SCORE : 27-24 Eagles .
Don Bailey Jr : “ I 'm going with the Patriots . No matter how you look at it , it 's hard to go against Belichick and Brady . Plus , let 's not forget about Rob Gronkowski . For the Pats , there 's too much ‘ been there , done that ' for the Eagles to overcome . SCORE : 27-24 Patriots .
Troy Stradford : “ I have the Eagles winning in a close game . I 'm sure Doug Pederson has learned from Atlanta 's mistakes last year and Jacksonville 's mistakes this year . He will make sure his team plays four full quarters . I also believe the Eagles have solid playmakers on both sides of the ball . Brady will have the ball last with a chance to win ring number six , but will finally come up short ! ” SCORE : 31-27 Eagles .
There you have it… . seven votes for the Pats and two for the Eagles .
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – The Drug Enforcement Agency has brought its Youth Dance Program to a school in East Dayton .
It 's part of the agency 's 360 Strategy to combat the nation 's drug epidemic by providing kids with positive after-school activities .
Dancers from the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company performed for kids at the Ruskin School Friday afternoon . But they also got the young audience members on their feet .
“ Our dancers go on stage and they teach the kids , ” said Meredith Leipelt , a DEA Youth Dance Program consultant . “ But then they 're also giving positive messages . ”
That 's one of the goals behind the DEA Youth Dance Program , which is making its Dayton debut , Leipelt said . It 's a partnership with the DEA 's 360 Strategy , which emphasizes community outreach and encourages kids to get into positive after-school activities , she added .
“ We love coming out and performing for the kids , but we also love coming after school and teaching the kids who really are excited to be here , and they want to learn to move , they want to learn to dance , ” Leipelt said .
“ It was phenomenal , ” said Ellen Mays , neighborhood site coordinator for the Ruskin School . “ I learned a few moves . ”
The program is also a way to help kids stay active and show them how to make healthy decisions , Mays said .
“ It teaches them that there are other things to do than making poor choices and gives them the opportunity to make great choices and spend their time doing something that 's positive for their future development , ” she said .
Organizers said they believe the program goes beyond teaching kids how to dance . It 's also about connecting them with adults they can aspire to become .
“ They 're healthy , they 're happy , they 're dancing , they 're moving , they 're eating well , ” Leipelt said . “ We like to give positive role models to kids so that they have real-life people in their own community to look up to . ”
The dance classes are free and are set to start at the Ruskin School next week , according to DEA officials .
COLUMBIA , Mo . - A man has been sentenced for his involvement in the death of Damien Davis .
ABC 17 previously reported that Higgins pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence and unlawful possession of a firearm in the July shooting .
On Monday , Higgins was sentenced to four years in the Department of Corrections for unlawful possession of a firearm to be served . He was sentenced to a consecutive seven year sentence for tampering with physical evidence to commence after his four year sentence . He was granted probation on the seven year sentence but not on the four year sentence .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
I was n't always planning on a career as a cartoonist . I actually went to school for and got a degree in music . ( I played trombone for those of you playing at home . )
The weird thing is , I do n't actually do very many music-themed cartoons . You 'd think that would be a ready source of material , but for some reason I almost never go there .
Still , occasionally I find something I want to play with , like this re-imagining of Peter and the Wolf . It 's odd , I grant you , but it does make the music major in me giggle .
It appears the “ Mother of All Bombs ” is living up to its name—at least if the latest Islamic State death tolls from last week 's attack
in Afghanistan are any indication .
According to the Wall Street Journal , nearly 100 bodies have been pulled from the tunnels hit by the largest non-nuclear bomb in
America 's arsenal . As of Saturday , CNN reported the death toll at 94 , but Afghan officials only expect that number to rise .
The “ Mother of All Bombs ” is the nickname for the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast , which weighs in at a whopping 21,000
pounds . The bomb was designed to penetrate bunkers and tunnels . The target for the bomb dropped on the Achin district of
Nangarhar Province was a tunnel complex that was being used as a safe haven for Islamic State group leaders .
The MOAB is designed to explode six feet above the ground , meaning that the blast penetrates downwards instead of radiating
from the site of the blast , collapsing structures below the surface .
“ This was the first time that we encountered an extensive obstacle to our progress , ” Gen. John Nicholson , the top military general
in Afghanistan , said on Friday . “ It was the right time to use it tactically against the right target on the battlefield .
Of course , the decision to use the MOAB is not without controversy . But it certainly sent a message to ISIS leaders : Trump 's
America means business
PINK HILL , N.C. ( WNCT ) — A revival is underway in the small Lenoir County town of Pink Hill .
From home renovations to a complete overhaul of the internet system in town , the community is hard at work .
County leaders are hoping the changes in Pink Hill serve as an inspiration to other small towns in the region .
“ Our town died , ” said Susan Myers . “ Everybody moved out , and I did n't want that to happen here . ”
Susan Myers moved to Pink Hill eight years ago , quickly becoming an active part of the small town . She says she knew something needed to be done to keep her new home from dying , too .
“ We started buying up properties in downtown , ” said Susan Myers .
Susan and her husband Al Myers now own 35 commercial or residential buildings , and whatever they could work to revive , they did .
“ If you go around Pink Hill and see something that does n't look good , that 's because I have n't been able to buy it , ” Susan Myers said .
Community leaders like Lenoir County Commissioner J. Mac Daughety took notice of the changes in Pink Hill , and those leaders are using the revival in the town as a template for other small communities in eastern North Carolina .
“ The things where citizens come together , groups come together , and they say , ‘ Let 's make this a better community , ' that 's where you see a community like Pink Hill start to blossom , ” Daughety said .
With the addition of nearly 2,400 pink roses around town , another initiative working to rejuvenate the spirit of the community , Commissioner Daughety hopes others are inspired to take action .
“ I 'm going to do what I can do , ” Daughety said . “ I 'm going to try to motivate others to help do better things for our community . If I start the engine , then surely other people will get on board . ”
Myers says no matter how you are able to get involved , you should do something .
“ Some of us have money to invest , others have time to volunteer , ” said Myers . “ We can help in different ways , but we have to take the leadership , and we ca n't depend on government to come help and save us . ”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – A daylong courtroom showdown involving the president of Miami 's police union and a woman who wanted a permanent restraining order against him has ended in favor of the officer .
Claudia Castillo took to the stand Monday , asking the judge to order Lt. Javi Ortiz to stay away from her forever .
“ Lt . Ortiz put a target on my back , ” she told the judge .
That dramatic claim started a year ago when Castillo , a civilian , pulled over a Miami- Dade police officer she said was speeding .
Ortiz , the police union boss , waged cyberwar against Castillo , posting photos of her holding a beer can and a picture of her card with her cellphone on it .
“ I had hundreds of messages , ” she explained .
She testified she got hundreds of disparaging call at all hours , leaving her fearful .
“ Looking over my shoulder , wondering , you know , which police officers were gon na be the good cops and which ones were gon na be the bad cops , ” she said .
Ortiz was reprimanded by the department and the Civilian Police Investigative Panel .
At the CIP hearing , Castillo said Ortiz glared at her . She said she was afraid of him then and today .
“ It 's nerve-wracking . Just like right now , having him in this proximity , my heart has n't stopped beating this entire time , ” Castillo said .
But on cross-examination , Castillo admitted she picked a fight when she posted the video of the allegedly speeding Miami- Dade cop and gave TV interviews about it .
“ You voluntarily inserted yourself into a political debate about police officers and their conduct on the streets of Miami- Dade County , correct ? ” she was asked .
“ Correct , ” Castillo responded .
And Castillo admitted Ortiz never sent her a threatening email , text or put up a threatening post .
Ortiz has called his online criticism nothing but free speech – as when he slammed Beyoncé for what he called “ anti-cop beliefs ” and a state trooper who pulled over a speeding Miami cop at gunpoint .
Ortiz took the stand and began to slam Castillo for pulling over a marked police car .
“ Once you put it under public scrutiny and made statements about police officers , I wanted to show that she is a hypocrite and there is a whole other side to this story , ” he said .
In the end , Judge Deborah White-Labora ruled in favor of Ortiz , saying what Castillo alleged did not arise to a legitimate threat of violence .
Judge White-Labora did advise Ortiz that he might spend a little less time on Facebook and Twitter .
( AP Photo/Andy Wong ) . Chinese fans hold the Spanish national flag and cards to cheer on Rafael Nadal of Spain as he plays against against Karen Khachanov of Russia in their second round of the men 's singles match in the China Open tennis tournament at ...
By SANDRA HARWITTAssociated Press
Top-ranked Rafael Nadal moved into the semifinals of the China Open by beating sixth-seeded John Isner 6-4 , 7-6 ( 0 ) on Friday .
The French Open and U.S. Open champion has won five titles this season and is closing in on the year-end No . 1 ranking .
`` In general terms , I think I played with not many mistakes , '' Nadal said . `` I do n't remember a lot of mistakes . I went to the net very often . I think I did the things that I want to do , and I did it well , so very happy . ''
Nadal saved all three break points he faced against Isner . He will next play third-seeded Grigor Dimitrov , who defeated Roberto Bautista Agut 7-6 ( 5 ) , 4-6 , 6-2 .
Dimitrov spent time practicing with Nadal in Mallorca ahead of the hard-court season . The two also spent time fishing .
`` We went out with the boat , '' Nadal said . `` We catch a few ones ( fish ) , but not very big . But we had some good dinner . ''
Nick Kyrgios also advanced . The eighth-seeded Australian won when opponent Steve Darcis retired from the match with a neck strain while trailing 6-0 , 3-0 .
Kyrgios will next face second-seeded Alexander Zverev . The 20-year-old German beat Andrey Rublev 6-2 , 6-3 and qualified for the season-ending tournament in London .
`` I think it 's great for any player to qualify for a prestigious event that we have in London , '' said Zverev , who has won five titles this season . `` It 's really an award for , I think , every player that shows that you 've been one of the best players , not only for one or two weeks in a year , but you 've been one of the best players for the whole year . ''
Earlier , second-seeded Simona Halep reached the semifinals by beating Daria Kasatkina 6-2 , 6-1 .
The Romanian could take over the top ranking from Garbine Muguruza . She needs to reach the final and not lose to third-seeded Elena Svitolina .
Halep will next face either ninth-seeded Jelena Ostapenko or Sorana Cirstea .
Petra Kvitova advanced by beating Barbora Strycova 6-3 , 6-4 . The 12th-seeded Kvitova will next face either Svitolina or Caroline Garcia in the semifinals .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
It looks like an investor has traded a massive amount of shares in the SPDR S & P Metals & Mining ETF , which made a comeback from its intraday lows late in the session .
The fund , known by the ticker XME , absorbed a block trade of about 1 million shares at $ 35.59 apiece at around 2:47 p.m . It was the biggest trade in at least 11 months , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
Metals and mining stocks have been pressured in recent days amid fresh concern about international trade that has sent ripples through materials ranging from aluminum to copper . Volatility has also surged as first-quarter earnings reports continue to be released . The large ETF block trade could reflect an investor positioning for a longer-term bet on the sector .
XME started to tick higher after the trade , paring earlier loss of as much as 2.4 % . It closed down 0.9 % .
The fund has fallen 4 % in the last three sessions .
Freeport-McMoRan has been the worst laggard among the fund 's holdings , slumping amid its struggles in Indonesia on Indonesia issues and guidance cuts .
Indonesia on Indonesia issues and guidance cuts . NOTE : April 19 , JPMorgan recommended buying few stocks that will incorporate bullish risk reversals , including XME .
— With assistance by Tom Lagerman
Chiefs ' Kareem Hunt back on track in win over Raiders
hello
Kansas City Chiefs running back Kareem Hunt ( 27 ) is tackled by Oakland Raiders linebacker NaVorro Bowman ( 53 ) , cornerback TJ Carrie ( 38 ) , safety Reggie Nelson ( 27 ) and linebacker Nicholas Morrow ( 50 ) during the second half of an NFL football game in Kansas City , Mo. , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . The Kansas City Chiefs won 26-15 . Associated Press
Kansas City Chiefs running back Kareem Hunt ( 27 ) carries the ball away from Oakland Raiders linebacker NaVorro Bowman ( 53 ) during the second half of an NFL football game in Kansas City , Mo. , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . Associated Press
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Kareem Hunt 's eyes must have gotten wide when he took a handoff from Alex Smith and plunged toward the line of scrimmage in the first half of Sunday 's game against the Oakland Raiders .
For once , he did n't have a massive defensive tackle ready to give him a bear hug .
Hunt wound up slicing past the line of scrimmage for a 6-yard gain , a modest success by some standards but a run that must have felt like freedom .
It was a third of his total two weeks ago against Buffalo , and set the tone for what would be a massive bounce-back performance .
Hunt wound up rushing for 116 yards and a touchdown , and caught three passes for 22 yards , to help the Chiefs to a 26-15 victory in a crucial showdown for the AFC West race .
`` Honestly , I would feel this way if we win no matter what my numbers look like . It is just huge to go out there and get a big-time win and keep it going , '' said Hunt , who had not eclipsed the 100-yard mark since a Week 5 win in Houston . `` Now we just have to keep doing what we are doing . ''
It was n't just a bounce-back performance for Hunt , of course . The victory snapped a four-game skid and put the Chiefs in solid position with the Chargers coming to town Saturday night .
Those teams are 7-6 and tied atop the AFC West .
The Chiefs won their first meeting in Los Angeles , and Hunt was a big reason why . The rookie with the wide smile and never-go-down attitude churned 17 times for 172 yards and the clinching touchdown in a 24-10 victory , one of many highlights during what became a 5-0 start .
Things soon began to go sideways for Hunt and the Chiefs , though .
Injuries along the offensive line hurt chemistry . Defenses began to stack the box to take away the sensational first-year player .
Balance went out of the offense and a group flying high after wins over New England and Philadelphia had ground to a halt .
Hunt was held to 21 yards in a loss to Pittsburgh . He gained 87 yards against Oakland and 46 against Denver . He managed 37 against Dallas and 73 in a loss to the Giants , when the Chiefs failed to score a touchdown .
There was the lousy performance in Buffalo and a struggle two weeks ago against the Jets , when he gained 40 yards on nine carries in a 38-31 defeat .
All the while , the Chiefs kept going to him .
It was only a matter of time , quarterback Alex Smith said , until Hunt broke loose again .
He finally did on Sunday . And even though he did n't have any of those long touchdown runs that were a hallmark of his first few games , Hunt consistently fell forward , giving the Chiefs positive yardage just about every time he touched the ball .
`` We mixed it up . Certainly when we got into the meat of the game , I think you saw a little more with that , '' Smith said . `` Be able to take our shots there with Kareem and I thought he ran hard . ''
He also resumed his charge at the Chiefs record book .
- Hunt has 1,046 yards , joining the late Joe Delaney as the only Chiefs running backs to crack the 1,000-yard barrier as a rookie . Delaney ran for 1,121 yards in 1981 , and like Hunt , he had five 100-yard rushing performances that season .
- Hunt 's total already ranks 15th in franchise history , and he needs just 242 yards over the final three games to pass Jamaal Charles for the eighth-best season .
- Hunt has five touchdowns rushing and two receiving , and needs just two touchdowns to pass Mike Garrett and Johnny Robinson for fourth-most among Chiefs rookies .
- Hunt has carried 218 times this season , second-most by a rookie in franchise history .
`` It 's a huge accomplishment , '' he said of hitting the 1,000-yard mark , which he realized when the astute video board operators showed a graphic at Arrowhead Stadium .
`` Nobody can ever take that away from you , and I just want to thank those guys up front . They did a great job . ''
___
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Bloomberg News Stanley Fischer , vice chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve
The Federal Reserve is n't likely to roil the market when the central bank starts to reduce its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet , Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said Monday .
Fischer , who spoke about monetary policy expectations and surprises , said he drew that conclusion by the muted market reaction to the release of minutes showing the central bank 's balance sheet reduction could start in 2017 , even though surveys of primary dealers and market participants expected such a reduction to begin in 2018 .
“ My tentative conclusion from market responses to the limited amount of discussion of the process of reducing the size of our balance sheet that has taken place so far is that we appear less likely to face major market disturbances now than we did in the case of the taper tantrum , ” Fischer said . “ But , of course , as we continue to discuss and eventually implement policies to reduce our balance sheet , we will have to continue to monitor market developments and expectations carefully . ”
The Fed has over $ 4 trillion worth of bonds .
The taper tantrum is a reference to the run-up of nearly 1 percentage point on the yield of the 10-year Treasury in 2013 after then-Chairman Ben Bernanke discussed the tapering of bond purchases for the first time .
After the taper tantrum , the Fed began surveying market participants — today , some 30 buy-side firms — as well as the primary dealers .
Fischer noted that the market participants had more expectations of an early announcement date for the balance-sheet reduction than the primary dealers .
Also read : Unlike Yellen , rumored new Fed bank supervision chief supports rule-based interest rates
Fischer also cautioned about reliance on the so-called dot plot , which is the median federal funds rate projection of FOMC participants .
“ One may say that the [ summary of economic projections ] shows the basis from which each participant in the FOMC discussion is likely to start . But the task of moving from that information to an interest-rate decision is not simple and requires a great deal of analysis and back-and-forth among FOMC participants at each meet , ” he said .
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
In 2008 , when Oregon decided to expand its Medicaid program through a random lottery , Katherine Baicker struck research gold .
It presented the economic health care researcher with a unique opportunity to study the true costs and benefits of health care expansion through a system that provided a randomized trial . The project helped refute a number of myths surrounding health care expansion when its findings came out in 2013 , amid renewed debates over health care in Washington .
“ Public policy is rarely easy—there are always tradeoffs involved… ”
“ We could dispel the unduly optimistic view of the program , which is that Medicaid is such a wonderful program that it would make people healthier , ” says Baicker , professor at the University of Chicago . “ We could also dispel the unduly pessimistic view of the program , which is Medicaid is such a badly run program , it does n't pay providers enough , it does n't really improve the health of enrollees . What we found , of course , was something in the gray area . ”
Baicker is considered one of the foremost experts in US health care policy . From 2005-2007 she was a Senate-confirmed member of the President 's Council of Economic Advisers , and in 2017 she was named dean of the Harris School of Public Policy at the University of Chicago .
Baicker says that throughout her work , both as a researcher and alongside policymakers , she hopes she can be a “ translator of evidence ” and a trusted voice for this deeply contentious issue .
“ Public policy is rarely easy—there are always tradeoffs involved , ” Baicker says . “ So when policymakers or reporters say , ‘ So what does this tell us we should do about Medicaid ? ' my answer is , it tells you you should weigh these costs against these benefits and decide what your priorities are and act accordingly . ”
On this episode of Big Brains , Baicker shares what she and her team learned about the true costs and benefits of expanding health care , and provides insights into how to improve health care for all .
Source : University of Chicago
It 's official the fight of the century is going down August 26th in Vegas . May Weather Vs McGregor … May Weather put the video up via his IG Page . The fight will take place at the T-Mobile Arena in Vegas . The Ticket prices have not been set yet .
Who do you think will win ? Take the poll below !
Officials are responding to an explosion in Midtown Manhattan in the Port Authority area Monday morning , New York City officials confirmed to NBC News .
The explosion took place near 42nd street and 8th Avenue , according to the officials . Multiple ambulances have been requested .
The cause of the explosion is not yet clear .
Authorities are urging commuters to avoid the area near Port Authority due to police activity .
The A , C and E trains were being evacuated , according to an NYPD Twitter account , which said police were responding to reports of an explosion .
The Notify NYC Twitter account said to expect traffic and transit delays and emergency personnel at 42nd Street between 8th and 9th avenues .
Fire officials said a call came in with reports of an explosion at 7:19 a.m. , but nothing was confirmed .
Refresh this page for more details on this breaking story .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — As Tax Day approaches , show some love for the good people who live in the nation 's capital .
Washington , that swampy den of iniquity that politicians love to scorn , sends the most tax dollars per person to the U.S. government .
By a lot .
Last year , the District of Columbia paid Uncle Sam $ 37,000 per person in federal income , payroll and estate taxes . The next closest was Delaware , at $ 16,000 per person .
“ It 's where the money is , ” said Roberton Williams , a fellow at the Tax Policy Center . “ The reason the District pays so much in taxes is that there are a lot of high-income people there . ”
Washington is an outlier because , despite years of lobbying , it is not a state . It does n't even have a vote in Congress . It is , however , a city with a relatively high cost of living .
West Virginia , Mississippi and New Mexico have low median household incomes , which helps explain why they their residents pay far less in federal taxes . West Virginia paid $ 3,600 per person last year , while Mississippi paid $ 3,900 per person and New Mexico residents paid a little more than $ 4,000 .
The Associated Press calculated each state 's per-capita tax bill using data from the IRS and population estimates from the Census Bureau .
The deadline to file federal tax returns is Tuesday . It was pushed back because the usual April 15 deadline was Saturday , and because Monday is a holiday in the District of Columbia .
The IRS says millions of taxpayers have yet to file their returns . As they do , they should n't feel too badly for D.C. residents .
The nation 's capital gets a good return on its tax investment . For every dollar the District sends to the federal government , it gets back almost $ 4 , according to a 2015 study by the New York state comptroller .
For years , the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan , D-N.Y. , would document that New York paid more to the federal government than it got back . In 2015 , the state 's comptroller took up the cause .
Washington 's rate of return is higher than any state — most of it comes from wages for federal employees . The closest state is Mississippi , which gets back $ 2.57 in federal spending for every dollar it sends to Washington . New Mexico , West Virginia and Alabama are also big winners when it comes to federal taxes and spending .
These states are big takers because they have a lot of residents who get federal benefits , including Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , disability benefits and food stamps .
“ They have lower incomes so they pay less in taxes and , because they have lower incomes , they get more federal aid , ” said Morgan Scarboro , a policy analyst at the Tax Foundation .
So why do so many of these states that benefit from the federal government produce conservative politicians who complain that the government is too big ?
“ There is this perception that so much money is being spent on things that do n't benefit them , ” Williams said . “ They ignore the things that do benefit them . ”
Williams cited foreign aid as a favorite target , even though it makes up only 1 percent of the federal budget , if you count military assistance .
“ People view the world as cut my taxes and cut his spending , ” Williams said . “ His spending is wasteful and my taxes are hurting me badly . ”
Most states are winners when it comes to getting more money from the federal government than they pay in taxes . On average , Americans get $ 1.22 for every dollar they send to Washington , according to the New York study .
That 's why the federal government has a budget deficit .
The federal spending comes from social programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , as well as grants to state and local governments and spending on infrastructure .
States such as South Carolina , North Carolina and Virginia benefit from having large military bases .
The biggest losers when it comes to taxes and spending are New Jersey , Wyoming and Connecticut . New Jersey gets back just 77 cents for every dollar it pays , while Wyoming gets back 81 cents and Connecticut gets 83 cents .
New York gets 91 cents for every dollar it sends to Washington , according to the comptroller 's report .
All these states have incomes above the national average .
“ It 's a good example of a progressive tax code , ” Scarboro said . “ That is how it is designed to work . ”
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at : http : //twitter.com/stephenatap
In a rather shocking development , the Supreme Court recently pulled up Tamil star Rajinikanth 's wife Latha for failing to pay the Rs 6.20 Crore she owes a noted advertising company . While rebuking the former playback singer , the Supreme Court also asked her to either clear her dues or face trial . The SC has given her nearly a week to make it clear whether she plans to clear the dues . The advertising firm was associated with the highly ambitious 2014 release Kochadaiiyaan and had given nearly Rs 10 Crore to Latha 's company .
The lady 's company was supposed to refund the amount and pay an additional Rs 1.2 Crore as 'guaranteed profit ' .
Latha 's troubles started when a trial court asked the Police to look into the matter . In 2016 , the Karnataka High Court quashed the order . Following this , the advertising company approached the Supreme Court . Earlier this year , the 'apex court ' made it clear that she would have to clear the dues .
In case you did not know , Kochadaiiyaan was directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth and marked her directorial debut . Shot using motion capture technology , it featured Rajinikanth and Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone in the lead . The supporting cast featured names such as Jackie Shroff , Nassar and R Sarathkumar . Released on May 23 , 2014 , it opened to a good response at the box office but ultimately failed to live up to the expectations . Its distributors suffered losses and this proved to be an embarrassment for 'Thalaiva ' .
Interestingly , this controversy involving Latha comes at a time when the Superstar is busy with his political commitments . On the film front , he currently has 2.0 and a film with Karthik Subbaraj in his kitty . 2.0 is a Shankar directorial and will see Rajini reprise his Chitti character from the 2010 hit Enthiran . Recently , it was reported that the makers of 2.0 are in a fix because of the unsatisfactory performance of Kaala . As such , it is not very clear when the sci-fi thriller will ultimately hit the screens .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Kansas City police are still searching for two of the three suspects wanted in connection with an armed robbery at the McDonald 's off 152-Highway near I-35 in the Northland .
Police say just after 3 a.m. three men armed with handguns walked into the 24-hour restaurant on Church Street and ordered everyone on the floor . They got away with an undisclosed amount of cash .
Witnesses told police the three suspects took off on foot and headed south of the restaurant towards the Walmart parking lot , which is across the street .
Police then noticed a vehicle with one person in it coming from the same direction so they checked the license plate , and it did n't match the vehicle . Police said the driver had warrants and that he is connected to the armed robbery . He was taken into custody for questioning .
It 's not clear how many customers or employees were at the restaurant at the time . Police have said no one was physically injured during the robbery .
Myanmar arrests Reuters reporters covering ethnic cleansing YANGON , Myanmar — Myanmar 's government said Wednesday that police had arrested two Reuters journalists , Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo . The reporters had been working on stories about a military ...
The pope 's sad silence on ethnic cleansing in Burma A suffering refugee summed it up best : “ It 's so sad to see that even the holiest man can not cite our identity. ” So said Kyaw Naing , a Rohingya stuck in a ...
The newest gift to jihadi recruiting : Burma A friend says that while on business in Indonesia recently , he noticed thousands of angry demonstrators occupying a major Jakarta roadway . They were there , he was told , to protest the ...
Why you ca n't trust 'heroes ' to forward human rights In 1990 , Burma 's junta stripped opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi of her election victory and placed her under house arrest . The following year , the Nobel Foundation , citing “ her non-violent ...
Look who else threatened North Korea , Hillary 's new delusions and other comments Conservative : Guess Who Else Threatened North Korea ? The left is “ going ballistic ” over President Trump 's UN speech mocking “ Rocket Man ” Kim Jong-un and threatening to “ totally destroy ” North Korea if ...
3:46 What 's it like climbing 270 feet up to the top of a wind turbine ? Pause
3:26 What 's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise ?
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
5:14 Bogus Basin 's 75th anniversary kickoff party
4:36 ' I am here to save democracy ... '
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
2:38 Take a walk on the Boise Greenbelt in the snow
PORT HARDY , B.C . – The mayor of Port Hardy is weighing in on the conflict between the ‘ Namgis First Nation and fish farming company Marine Harvest Canada .
Earlier in the month , Marine Harvest was blocked from transferring salmon from a freshwater hatchery to their ocean-based farm near Swanson Island , east of Alert Bay , and part of ‘ Namgis territory .
The company , along with the First Nation and federal Department of Fisheries and Oceans will be headed to court over the transfer . The ‘ Namgis hope to prevent the transfer via a court injunction .
“ It is in some ways unfortunate , but it is very understandable , ” said Port Hardy mayor Hank Bood .
“ Everybody in B.C . is going through the process of finding out where we stand as far as First Nations title and other things go , so that situation is naturally going to be explored . ”
Bood said he believes both Marine Harvest and the ‘ Namgis First Nation have always been open to dialogue , and that there needs to be more of that .
“ The issue as a whole is an interesting one , because I think over 77 per cent of the tenures that Marine Harvest has , have a partnership with First Nations ' groups , ” he explained .
“ I think from the District of Port Hardy point of view , more dialogue and more talk would be good , but sometimes that does not work , and that 's where we are now . ”
He said there has not really been a major impact on residents outside the First Nation territories on the North Island , but is optimistic that a solution will be found .
“ It 's something that 's not going to go away and it 's something that we need to concentrate on finding a good solution to . I think that the best solution is obviously made between Marine Harvest and the First Nations people . That 's what they do mostly , this one unfortunately has not worked out so well , ” he said .
Bood said that at the end of the day , even with bumps along the way , the aquaculture industry will continue to prosper on the North Island .
“ I think the only way to really do that well is with First Nations partnerships . ”
BLOOMINGTON , Minn. — Eli Manning is looking ahead . Who would n't after the year he just had ?
Manning comes off the worst season of his professional career that dates back to being the top overall selection in the 2004 draft . His Giants went from likely contender after making the 2016 playoffs to one of the NFL 's worst .
They were ravaged by injuries , dissension in the locker room , and then-coach Ben McAdoo even benched his quarterback in Week 13 , ending Manning 's 210-game starting string .
McAdoo was fired the next week , the usually well-run franchise was embarrassed as badly as for any of the 13 defeats in 2017 , and though Manning immediately got his job back , the Giants ended the year as one of the NFL 's biggest flops .
“ It was a great reminder that nothing is guaranteed , ” Manning said Friday . “ No matter what you did the year before — win your division , make the playoffs , whatever — it has no effect on the next year .
“ So there 's no reason we ca n't win 11 or more games this year . We made a lot of changes and will make more , and if we stay healthy and win some of those close games you always get in , who knows ? ”
Besides , that lost season serves as an impetus for the future .
“ When you have a tough year , you use it as motivation , ” he said . “ Get back in there and do whatever you need to do to make changes . Make a commitment again to playing at a higher level . It challenges you and makes you hungrier . ”
The two-time Super Bowl MVP has a new coach in Pat Shurmur , who like McAdoo has a background as a QB guru . Unlike the rough-edged McAdoo , though , Shurmur has a smoother style and also is more open in his thinking and planning for running an offence .
To Manning , 37 , an opportunity to expand the attack is much welcomed .
“ We 've talked a bit , getting to know each other , but there 's a limit how much you can meet and talk , ” Manning said .
“ I am excited to start learning the offence and the playbook and how Pat will use our skillsets . He 's got a combination of Norv Turner , Andy Reid and Chip Kelly in there from the places he 's been .
“ There 's definitely an adjustment , but if you 've played the game long enough , there are only so many new plays you can put in . ”
Manning smiled when he said that , knowing Shurmur is n't about to design a Russell Wilson/Cam Newton type of offence for him .
There 's been much speculation that Manning could be traded and the Giants would use the second overall pick in April on one of the highly rated quarterbacks in this draft . The choice of Shurmur and ownership 's devotion to Manning seems to have made Manning 's departure unlikely .
Asked if he 'd encourage new general manager Dave Gettleman to take an offensive lineman to offer the kind of protection he does n't get often enough , Manning laughed and replied , “ I wo n't complain . ”
He certainly wo n't complain about getting back his prime target , Odell Beckham Jr . The spectacular receiver was lost in early October to a broken ankle . Beckham is enough of a difference maker that New York might have had a few more victories had he been available all season .
“ He 's a tremendous player , and when he gets back and is healthy , he impacts games , ” Manning said . “ It 's tough when guys you work with all spring and summer and you lose them and have all new guys . Odell , Brandon ( Marshall ) , Sterling ( Shepard ) . ”
Manning spent part of the day welcoming visitors to a Courtyard by Marriott experience whose contest winners will spend Saturday night sleeping in a luxury suite at U.S. Bank Stadium .
He joked that he ca n't ever remember sleeping in a stadium , but that waking up the morning of the Super Bowl at the venue would be “ pretty neat to do . ”
Then he wondered just how quiet the stadium would be on Super Bowl eve .
“ You 're right there in the dome and get to see all the behind-the-scenes stuff , ” he said . “ Then you wake up on Super Bowl Sunday right there . Has to be a wonderful experience . ”
Considering he is 2-0 in the big game , Manning knows about wonderful Super Bowl experiences .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — The Kansas City Chiefs will be without centre Mitch Morse and right guard Laurent Duvernay-Tardif when they face J.J. Watt and the Houston Texans ' defensive front Sunday night .
Morse remains sidelined after spraining his foot last month against Philadelphia , while Duvernay-Tardif was ruled out Friday after spraining his left knee last Monday night against Washington .
Zach Fulton is expected to start again at centre , but coach Andy Reid did not indicate who would start at guard . Jordan Devey got the spot duty when Duvernay-Tardif went down last week , but Cam Erving and Parker Ehinger could factor into the mix against the Texans .
Erving , former first-round pick , has n't played since arriving in a preseason trade with Cleveland , while Ehinger has n't played since tearing a knee ligament with the Chiefs last season .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Garbage carting mobster sentenced for violent threats It 's legal to yell at someone over the phone — but you better not threaten them ! That 's the message Manhattan federal Judge Kevin Castel had for reputed wiseguy Anthony Bazzini ...
Feds ask judge to ignore plea for leniency by alleged mobster He says he 's no Tony Soprano — but he sure sounds like one . The feds have asked Manhattan federal Judge Kevin Castel to ignore a plea for leniency by real-life ...
2 alleged mobsters cop pleas in extortion case Two reputed mobsters facing an extortion trial next week for a massive gangland effort to control the New York-New Jersey garbage-carting industry suddenly copped pleas on Thursday . The 11th-hour deals ...
Matthew Cross and Mekiah Jack finished in sixth place in the Carhartt Bassmaster College Series Southern Tour on Pickwick Lake in Florence , Ala. , April 22 . Their final point total for the four-day event was 490.6 , fewer than 10 points behind the first-place team from Adrian College in Michigan .
Cross , a senior agribusiness major from Murfreesboro , and Jack , a senior liberal studies major from Mt . Juliet also distinguished themselves by winning the tournament 's Big Bass Award , snagging an 8-pound , 2-ounce largemouth on April 19 .
The top 38 teams will move on to compete in the national tournament , which is slated for July 19-21 on Lake Tenkiller in Cherokee and Sequoyah counties of Oklahoma .
There are two more Southern Tour collegiate events on the schedule prior to the national contest . One is on Lake Cherokee in Jefferson City May 10-12 . The other is on Clear Lake in Lakeport , Calif. , May 23-25 .
With an unmatched number of scoops , Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum . Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis .
Remember all those e-mails from a supposed Nigerian prince who was ready to “ send money into your account ” after having $ 30 million in excess from a phony contract ? Maaaybe there was some truth to it ? Who knows . But what is a fact is that $ 43 million in U.S. dollar notes was found in an apartment in Nigeria by the country 's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) . $ 43 million…that 's a whole lot of cash to be storing in an apartment .
After a tip from a whistleblower that someone had been transporting bags in and out of the apartment , the EFCC was able to uncover the money hidden in multiple filing cabinets . In addition to the U.S. currency found , $ 75,000 worth of Nigerian currency and $ 35,000 in British pound sterling were also found inside fireproof cabinets hidden behind wooden panels .
Naturally , everyone had something to say about that e-mail scam joke to tell :
@ ctvedmonton I think this is mine , I got a legimate looking email a few weeks back about it . Please contact pic.twitter.com/NAgj6Kdixr — Iwan Hughes ( @ IwanHughes2001 ) April 16 , 2017
@ ctvedmonton Okay , okay , my credit card number is 4053 2311 3441 2211 , so please do go ahead and release the funds to my bank account . — The Ottawa Ross ( @ ottaross ) April 16 , 2017
Watch out Buck , the third generation of Davidsons is ready to take her spot at the top ! Well….maybe there are a few more years to go if the size of that helmet is any indication . Keep a close eye on this one , she 'll likely have every bit of her line 's guts and courage , which will be formidable indeed . # whoruntheworld
U.S . Weekend Preview :
Rocking Horse Winter II H.T . [ Website ] [ Entry Status ] [ Ride Times ] [ Live Scores ]
Paradise Farm H.T . [ Website ] [ Entry Status ] [ Live Scores ]
Fresno County Horse Park CIC & H.T . [ Website ] [ Ride Times/Live Scores ]
Your Wednesday News & Notes :
Florida 's version of RRP is coming to a facility near you ! If you are in Florida through March , anyways . The Florida Thoroughbred Transformation Expo will be held March 24-26th at the Florida Horse Park , showcasing the OTTB . Jockey Club-registered Thoroughbreds are eligible as long as the horse raced or worked after March 1 , 2013 , with no restrictions on when training began . Disciplines vary from the traditional Olympic disciplines to hunter , polo , barrels , and working pony/race pony , all with $ 36k in prize money up for grabs . [ Florida Thoroughbred Transformation Expo ]
Lissa Green is very quickly rising out of her mother 's shadow . Despite her mother Lucinda winning Badminton six times , Lissa never had her own horse until she hit the age of 20 . As she 's about to tackle her own first Badminton this spring with Malin Head Clover , Lissa tells us a few things we may not know about her . [ A Fascination with Criminal Psychology ]
As if Rolex did n't have enough options for food and drink , the organizers are now throwing a beer garden into the mix . Marla & Oscar 's Beer Garden will be located in a prime position , across the road from the Head of the Lake . Named for the famous office dogs of EEI , the beer garden will be serving food alongside beer from three local microbreweries . [ Marla & Oscar 's Beer Garden ]
SmartPak Product of the Day : One of my favorite , and necessary , items of tack , the ThinLine Sheepskin halfpad has been a lifesaver as my young horse has gained muscle along his topline in the past year . With the ability to shim ( with yet MORE ThinLine material ! ) , my saddle has been able to contend with 17.1 hands of gangly squid throughout his growth . [ SmartPak ]
You feel lucky when an Uber driver has a few extra Starbursts lying around in the cup holder for you to enjoy and your way home .
For one Reddit user , however , his driver installed an NES Classic system in the backseat for his customers to enjoy . The Reddit user , “ okdiv ” said he “ freaked out when [ she ] got in the car . ”
The NES Classic was launched in 2016 and comes preloaded with 30 classic Nintendo games .
okdiv probably asked the driver to take the “ long way ” home !
Via Time
Follow JT on Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
By Sam McPherson
Last Monday in this space , we recommended fantasy baseball team owners drop catcher/first baseman Alex Avila after his trade from the Detroit Tigers to the Chicago Cubs . Then , the defending World Series champions suddenly lose their top catcher to an injury a few days later , and Avila suddenly has fantasy relevancy once again . It 's a tough world to stay on top of for six months straight , is n't it ?
The Avila example above is an extreme case , but it 's not just injuries and trades you have to keep an eye on at this point in the season if you want to win your league . The time is drawing near when a lot of MLB teams that do n't have postseason aspirations in 2017 are going to be bringing up rookie players for a quick look so they know what they have for 2018 .
How can this affect your team ? You could have a productive player in your lineup that is suddenly displaced because of a rookie promotion . We see this happen every season in fantasy baseball , because for teams with no shot at the Fall Classic , it 's more important to see what the rookie has to offer than it is for the club to win meaningless games with fringe veterans—even if those vets are producing for your fantasy team .
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1 . Hyun-Jin Ryu , SP , Los Angeles Dodgers : Of course , any Dodgers regular you can add to your roster probably will help you win the league title . But Ryu looks like he 's finally healthy now after missing the entire 2015 season and most of 2016 with an injury . He is striking out batters at a career-high rate ( 8.8 strikeouts per nine innings pitched ) , and since the All-Star break , Ryu has a 1.88 ERA .
2 . Eddie Rosario , OF , Minnesota Twins : He 's not a rookie , but he has put together a nice season very quietly . If you need OF help , Rosario could be your guy . At age 25 , he 's having his best season . Through 106 games , he 's hit 16 home runs , driven in 46 runs and hitting .293 overall . Those are solid numbers for a fifth OF on your roster . He currently is hitting .311 in the second half .
3 . Tim Beckham , 2B/SS , Baltimore Orioles : The word is that he will only be starting until the Os regular shortstop returns from a wrist injury , but we 're not buying that . First off , wrist injuries are notoriously hard to recover from , and Beckham is currently hitting .531 with a 1.488 OPS since Baltimore traded for him . The Orioles would be stupid to take him out of the lineup . Pick him up if you can and never fear .
4 . Edwin Jackson , SP , Washington Nationals : Bear with us here . Since joining the Nats , the 33-year-old journeyman has three wins and a 3.30 ERA in five starts . Washington has a good lineup behind him , and Jackson is experienced enough to not get into too much trouble . If you need wins , he could help your team . Also , Jackson 's 7.5 Ks/9 IP rate with the Nationals is n't going to hurt you , nor will his 1.067 WHIP with the team , either .
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1 . Bud Norris , RP , Los Angeles Angels : On May 1 , we recommended picking him up for some cheap saves . Eighteen of those cheap saves later , Norris has reverted to the mediocre pitcher he has been throughout his career , and he 's no longer closing games for the Halos after two big blown chances in a row . With an 11.2 Ks/9 IP rate , he still could work his way back into the closer spot , but we doubt it . Let him go .
2 . Johnny Cueto , SP , San Francisco Giants : A month after hitting the disabled list , Cueto barely is throwing the ball right now , reportedly . If he was healthier , the Giants probably would have traded him by now . You can drop him and approach with caution next year in the draft after his disappointing 31-year-old season ( 4.59 ERA , 1.401 WHIP ) .
3 . Jonathan Villar , UTL , Milwaukee Brewers : He 's been a one-trick pony this year with 21 steals and a .222 average , and now Villar will be out of a job soon thanks to the Brewers ' acquisition of Neil Walker via trade with the New York Mets on Saturday . This was a disappointing campaign after he stole 62 bases last year while hitting .285 overall .
4 . Troy Tulowitzki , SS , Toronto Blue Jays : He will be 33 this October , and this could be the end for the five-time All-Star selection . Since being traded from Colorado to Toronto in 2015 , he 's been extremely mediocre . He is out for the year now with an ankle injury , and that might help the Blue Jays since his bat ( .678 OPS in 66 games ) has n't been very good . You may want to avoid him in next year 's draft , sadly .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Tech 's latest innovations struggle to live up to the hype
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Early today self-driving cars made headlines when an Uber vehicle in “ autonomous ” mode struck and killed a pedestrian outside of the crosswalk . Following the incident , Uber pulled all of its self-driving cars from the road :
Uber has removed its self-driving cars from the roads following what is believed to be the first fatality involving a fully autonomous car . “ The vehicle involved is one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles , ” the Tempe police said in a statement . “ It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision , with a vehicle operator behind the wheel. ” Autonomous mode means the car is driving on its own . During tests , a person sits behind the wheel as a safeguard .
While outrage following incidents like these is to be expected , self-driving cars will be back on the road for further testing before the greater public even realizes it . And like it or not , these vehicles will begin to replace “ manually ” operated automobiles sooner rather than later . And when their replacement of traditional vehicles becomes commonplace , many drivers will likely find yourself “ driving ” one , for one simple reason :
The autonomous car does n't need to be perfect , it merely needs to be a “ better ” driver than the ( average ) human . Once that technology exists , cost as well as economies of scale will make it very prohibitive and/or expensive to drive traditionally-operated cars .
It is worth starting by sharing some basic auto accident statistics in the US , courtesy of ASIRT :
Annual United States Road Crash Statistics Over 37,000 people die in road crashes each year
An additional 2.35 million are injured or disabled
Over 1,600 children under 15 years of age die each year
Nearly 8,000 people are killed in crashes involving drivers ages 16-20
Road crashes cost the U.S. $ 230.6 billion per year , or an average of $ 820 per person
Road crashes are the single greatest annual cause of death of healthy U.S. citizens traveling abroad
These are astoundingly high casualty rates , far higher than firearm fatalities . Some analysis of road accidents from Statista would likely show a great deal of these accidents are caused by drivers who are : drunk and/or substance impaired , tired and/or sleep-deprived , reckless , or distracted , just to name a few .
While it will take lots of time and testing , with accidents like today 's occurring along the way , if a self-driving car can be developed that is merely as good on average as a sober , attentive , capable driver… that is good enough to reduce auto fatalities substantially .
If you are drunk and/or tired , and need to get somewhere , would you rather drive , or let the car drive you ? The choice should be obvious .
And as the performance of self-driving cars improves , their benefits will increase , and their costs will decrease . Cars have had cruise control for years , and are now being built with automatic emergency braking , lane keeping assist , and some Tesla vehicles can operate without any driver intervention for short periods of time . This fact is not lost on insurance companies , who insure less risky cars at lower rates .
When a fully autonomous car is available that is statistically “ safer ” than a manual car , they will be insured at a far lower rate . One must also consider how lawmakers will react , as they will likely dole out incentives for “ safer ” self-driving vehicle purchases , as well as penalties for manual operation . If the self-driving car is better on average than the human , the effects will be exacerbated , and auto accidents will likely go down substantially as a result .
This will not be lost on automakers , who will convert their production lines to mass-produce self-driving cars . Cars that can only be manually driven will be produced less frequently , and at a higher cost , as self-driving cars become mass marketed and sold to consumers . One day , vehicles without a self-driving option may even become so expensive to buy , operate and insure that they become a novelty item .
Who will want to purchase a traditionally-operated car when the cost of doing so is significantly higher than purchasing a self-driving one ? While many will be wary of ceding a significant amount of control to a machine ( or tech company , or government ) , and others will simply prefer to drive themselves , price and economics have a funny way of determining behavior , and that is before human safety is added to the equation .
In addition to cost and safety , the convenience of a self-driving car can not be understated . Inebriation and exhaustion pales in comparison to youth in this department . Drivers under the age of 25 are statistically far more likely to be involved in auto accidents , which is reflected in the “ price premium ” this age group pays to insure and/or rent a car . Driver licenses in the US are generally not issued until age 16 at the earliest . But children still need to be driven to soccer practice , which requires an adult licensed driver .
That will be less and less necessary as automation becomes more advanced . Eventually , a self-driving car will be automated to the point where kids too young to legally drive can put themselves in the car , choose the destination , and “ drive ” themselves . Some have even theorized that this will result in more cars on the road , or that auto ownership itself will become far lower , with the service being “ rented ” by major providers ( such as Uber ) . Whether or not that is the case is up for debate , but the practicality of a self-driving car on families with children below the legal age to drive can not be understated , notwithstanding the risk and expense of insuring a younger , riskier driver .
In spite of today 's crash , self-driving cars will resume testing in short order . More accidents will happen , and more headlines and outrage will follow them . And while many ( including myself ) may not be completely comfortable with the thought of self-driving cars , they are coming , like it or not , for one simple reason…
…we will truly be “ only human ” in comparison to self-driving cars once the technology reaches its full potential .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Malawi 's President Peter Mutharika initially called the claims `` fake news ''
There have been mounting calls for the resignation of Malawi 's President Peter Mutharika after a leaked report by the country 's anti-graft agency accused him of receiving a kickback from a 2.8bn kwacha ( $ 3.9m ; £2.8m ) contract to supply food to the police .
The report claims a businessman deposited 145m kwacha into an account belonging to the ruling Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) , of which the president is the sole signatory .
The president 's spokesperson said the claims were `` unfounded '' and that Mr Mutharika had done nothing wrong . Civil rights organisations have nonetheless given him 14 days to resign , or say they will take to the streets .
What did the report say ?
The political standoff began after a report by the Anti-Corruption Bureau ( ACB ) leaked onto the internet in the last week of June .
The body has been investigating a Malawi police food supply contract , worth around 2.8bn kwacha , that was awarded to a firm owned by businessman Zameer Karim , called Pioneer Investments .
The report alleges that the head of finance of Malawi 's police , Innocent Bottomani , and Mr Karim had `` connived '' to award Pioneer Investment a contract to provide 500,000 food ration packs .
Days after the contract was signed , Pioneer Investment allegedly asked for a change to the agreed price from 2.3bn kwacha to nearly 2.8bn - the report says the change was fraudulently approved by Mr Bottomani .
When Mr Karim was paid for supplying the food ration packs in 2016 , he allegedly deposited 145m kwacha into a DPP bank account that is reportedly managed by President Mutharika .
Both Mr Karim and Mr Bottomani have denied involvement in the alleged fraud .
Did the president use the funds ?
That is unclear . The president initially called the report `` fake news '' and a ploy by his detractors to scupper his chances at next year 's elections .
`` I did not personally benefit in any way from the contract and that 's why I am concerned about the lack of truth . I am worried about what our country has become in as far as peddling of fake news on social media is concerned , '' President Mutharika told Reuters .
His office later acknowledged the existence of the DPP bank account on 1 July , telling the Malawi newspaper The Daily Times that the account was set up only to support the party 's fundraising activities .
Will the president go ?
President Mutharika has been defiant in the face of mounting criticism . He told a DPP party congress that he was not running for `` personal gain '' .
`` I only get 40 % from my [ monthly ] salary of 2.7 million kwacha and the rest goes to government . ''
Various civil society groups , the opposition Malawi Congress Party ( MCP ) , and the quasi-religious body , the Public Affairs Committee ( PAC ) , have called for his resignation .
Former President Joyce Banda has also weighed in on the issue of the president 's political future .
`` When a president is not involved [ in ] looting or shady deals he or she does not hesitate to instruct arrests of those involved ... he should therefore respond to Malawians'call to step down , '' she told AFP news agency on 3 July .
Mrs Banda was implicated in a vast $ 32m corruption scandal in 2013 known as Cashgate , which led to her defeat in the polls .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mental health problems affect a huge number of people across Berkshire every year and to help break the silence we want to know about your experiences .
According to national figures approximately one in four people in the UK will experience a mental health problem each year .
Post natal depression , stress , eating disorders , attempted suicide and addiction are just a handful of issues affecting people in Reading .
In a bid to shine a light on what people in the area are going through , getreading is launching a survey to find out people 's experiences of mental health in the area .
The survey , which has the support of Mind the mental health charity , is being launched ahead of World Mental Health Day on Tuesday , October 10 .
Mind states that while the overall number of people with mental health problems has not changed significantly in recent years , worries about things like money , jobs and benefits can make it harder for people to cope .
High profile campaigns , such as Heads Together , led by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge alongside Prince Harry , have encouraged people to break the silence around mental health problems .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The Time to Change campaign , led by Mind and Rethink Mental Illness , says : `` For people with mental health problems not being able to talk about it can be one of the worst parts of the illness .
`` So by getting people talking about mental health we can break down stereotypes , improve relationships , aid recovery and take the stigma out of something that affects us all . ''
Trinity Mirror , which owns getreading , will be surveying people across the UK ahead of a mental health awareness campaign in October .
The results will provide a reflection of our readers ' experiences in each community across the UK - they might be very similar , or quite unique .
Please share your experiences by completing this short survey
OAKLAND — Cleveland Cavaliers guard J.R. Smith does n't even want to contemplate the horror of life without the chance to play in a fourth straight NBA Finals against the Warriors .
“ I could be sitting in the Bahamas right about now , but I 'm glad where we 're at , ” he said , happy to postpone any offseason vacation plans . “ Every time you play in the Finals it 's special . ”
Smith , among the few Cavs who have been a part of all four NBA Finals matchups with the Warriors , said he was n't the least bit surprised when Golden State rallied from a 3-2 deficit against the Houston Rockets , winning Game 7 on the road to capture the Western Conference finals .
“ Anybody who tells you they 're surprised by that , they 're lying , ” Smith said . “ If anything , I was surprised it got to that point with them .
“ They play the right way . They make the extra pass to find the open man , they play extremely great team defense , they 're well-coached and they 've got four legit people who will probably be in the Hall of Fame one day .
“ There was never a doubt in my mind . I 'm glad . I wanted to see them another time . Four times . ”
The Cavaliers are , once again , huge underdogs in the series . A survey of ESPN 's 23 NBA experts had every one of them picking the Warriors .
Smith does n't argue the point . He hopes it provides the Cavaliers some edge that the Warriors have n't faced them since a February trade that brought four news players to Cleveland .
Larry Nance Jr. , Jordan Clarkson , Rodney Hood and George Hill were playing for other teams the last time these teams met .
“ If that 's our advantage , I 'll take it . They have n't seen us , ” Smith said . “ But obviously , they 're still going to come out and play the way they play .
“ The key is going to be slowing them down , contesting as many shots as we can and rebounding . More than anything , it 's going to come down to defense and our ball movement . ”
Then , after pausing , Smith added , “ We know it 's not going to be easy . ”
The atmosphere of Mars is extremely metal . No , for real . There 's metal throughout the atmosphere of Mars , and this is the first time we 've seen that on any planet other than Earth . The metals ? Iron , magnesium , and sodium — all of which are useful in pyrotechnics . Suitable for a planet named after a god of war .
Our model of how meteoric iron and other ions are distributed throughout the atmosphere was based , by necessity , on how things work on Earth . What we 've just seen on Mars blows our original theories wide open .
“ MAVEN has made the first direct detection of the permanent presence of metal ions in the ionosphere of a planet other than Earth , ” Joseph Grebowsky of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center said in a statement . “ Because metallic ions have long lifetimes and are transported far from their region of origin by neutral winds and electric fields , they can be used to infer motion in the ionosphere , similar to the way we use a lofted leaf to reveal which way the wind is blowing . ”
The source of the metal is a constant rain of space debris onto the Red Planet . When a meteoroid hits the Martian atmosphere , it 's like botching a cannonball off a high dive . The debris smacks into the atmosphere and vaporizes . Other charged atoms and molecules in the ionosphere rip away some electrons from metal particles in the meteoroid , transforming the previously neutral metal atoms into ions . The ablation process begins when a meteor hits our atmosphere and continues as the rock burns up . The ions created through the ablation process react strongly to Earth 's magnetic field and sort themselves into neat layers in the upper atmosphere . Ions created in the lower atmosphere have different characteristics , but are n't directly relevant to our discussion .
According to our theories , a planet like Mars should n't sort these metallic ions into bands at all . As we 've previously discussed , Mars ' magnetic field does n't exist anymore , at least not at global scale . There are some local magnetic fields — remnants of the original — but nothing like what exists on Earth . Scientists expected to find iron in the lower parts of the atmosphere , with magnesium being more common in the upper atmosphere . Instead , all that metal was well-blended throughout . The bands of ions that occur on Earth also occur on Mars , in areas where Mars ' remaining magnetic field is strongest . But according to our model of ion distribution , neither the bands of ions nor the blended layers around most of the planet should exist at all .
While this is the first time we 've ever directly detected metal in another planet 's atmosphere , it certainly wo n't be the last . The interplanetary dust that causes the meteor showers is common throughout our solar system , so it 's likely that all solar system planets and moons with substantial atmospheres have metal ions , according to the team .
“ Observing metal ions on another planet gives us something to compare and contrast with Earth to understand the ionosphere and atmospheric chemistry better , ” said Grebowsky .
As for MAVEN , it 's back to its regular operating schedule after a recent near miss with Phobos , one of the Martian moons . MAVEN is in orbit around Mars looking into all things related to Martian atmospheric dynamics . Recently the spacecraft also returned data on Mars ' ionosphere that led scientists to speculate that much of the Red Planet 's atmosphere was lost to space .
LEGAZPI CITY — The Department of Health ( DOH ) in Bicol is urging the public to take precautions to ward off diseases common at the onset ...
KINSTON , N.C. ( WNCT ) – It 's the highest honor in the state given to citizens .
The Order of the Long Leaf Pine award is presented to individuals who have a proven record of extraordinary service to the state . Contributions to their communities , extra effort in their careers and many years of service to their organizations are some of the guidelines by which recipients are selected for this award .
For Levi Simmons , this award means so much to his family and more importantly the children of Kinston , who to this day he still serves .
His career as an officer began in Jacksonville on August 1 , 1967 . During this time as an officer , he experienced racism and other hardships .
Through much prayer , Lt Simmons persevered through those harsh times . He wanted to be an inspiration to young black officers and a positive role model to the black community . He went on to accomplish numerous history-making firsts in Onslow County :
First black officer to drive a patrol car . Patrol white neighborhoods , Achieve rank as a Lieutenant Work throughout the State for Federal and State Bureaus of Investigation , US Marshall and Military intelligence Supervise the Special Operation Division .
Over 50 years , later he was recognized for being the longest serving , certified active duty officer in North Carolina .
Through faith and hard work , Corporal Levi Simmons has served his community well ; but , it was n't easy .
“ I had a lot of struggles , ” said Simmons . “ I was the first officer that worked the white communities in the neighborhood and drive a police car which was quite an adjustment .
Simmons served for more than five decades . Most of that time as a school resource officer .
With perseverance , Simmons continued to withstand the good and the bad .
For Kinston Police Chief Alonzo James , it 's not what he 's accomplished but his attitude that sticks out the most .
“ He 's taking community policing to the next level before community policing was a catchphrase , ” said James . “ Corporal Simmons has always been pleasant , always in a good mood , very appreciative of his job and his opportunities to engage the community .
On Monday evening , Simmons along with members of his family gathered inside the town hall for a night , they wo n't forget .
Simmons has a message for everyone to remember .
“ Do the best that you can do and do it correctly , and you wo n't ' have any problems , ” said Simmons .
Corporal Simmons retired in December 2017 .
He still serves as a volunteer with the department 's Sentinel Service program .
White House drops insistence on two-state solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
AlgoSec and Splunk Combine Forces to Deliver Automated and Continuous Response , Optimize Analytics-Driven Security and Improve Operational Efficiency
RIDGEFIELD , NJ and SAN FRANCISCO , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - AlgoSec , the leading provider of business-driven security policy management solutions and Splunk Inc. , provider of the leading software platform for real-time Operational Intelligence , today announced that AlgoSec has joined the Splunk® Adaptive Response Initiative . Powered by a growing list of leading cybersecurity technology vendors , Adaptive Response is a best-of-breed security initiative that leverages end-to-end context and continuous response to improve security operations with an adaptive security architecture . The announcement was made at the 2017 RSA Security Conference .
Following its unveiling at the 2016 RSA Security Conference , the Adaptive Response Initiative now includes over 20 participating vendors as members . With this extensive network , organizations can use Splunk Adaptive Response to further interact with data , extract and share new insights , gain more context and invoke actions across key security and IT domains . Ultimately , this allows customers to detect threats faster , make analytics-driven decisions and improve operational efficiencies within their Security Operations Center ( SOC ) .
`` AlgoSec 's approach to security policy management directly aligns with the Splunk Adaptive Response Initiative . When facing down a relentless barrage of cyber-attacks , the SOC team needs a way to easily sift through and identify the attacks that will most likely impact key business processes and quickly take action -- before they impact your business and its reputation , '' said Bruno Weinberger , VP Strategic Alliances at AlgoSec . `` By combining Splunk 's centrally positioned analytics-driven security platform along with the AlgoSec automated security policy management solution we are thrilled to help security professionals around the world gather more context to detect threats quicker and deliver a more automated and continuous response against advanced attackers . ''
While many organizations employ a layered , multi-vendor approach to security , most individual solutions are not designed to work together outside of the box . Splunk Enterprise Security ( Splunk ES ) , working in conjunction with technologies like AlgoSec , extends analytics-driven decision-making and improves detection , investigation and remediation times by centrally automating retrieval , sharing and response .
`` We created the Adaptive Response Initiative so organizations could efficiently combat advanced attacks while utilizing their existing security architectures . Members like AlgoSec are key to the success of Adaptive Response , '' said Haiyan Song , senior vice president of security markets , Splunk . `` Together we will solve this very challenging problem facing every enterprise . ''
To learn more about AlgoSec and Adaptive Response at RSA 2017 , visit Splunk at booth # 3421 and AlgoSec at booth # 1133 .
About AlgoSec
AlgoSec enables the world 's largest and most complex organizations to manage security based on what matters most -- the applications that power their business . Over 1,500 of the world 's leading organizations , including 20 of the Fortune 50 , rely on AlgoSec to automate and orchestrate network security policy management across cloud and on-premise networks , to drive business agility , security and compliance . AlgoSec has provided the industry 's only money-back guarantee since 2005 .
Splunk > , Listen to Your Data , The Engine for Machine Data , Hunk , Splunk Cloud , Splunk Light , SPL and Splunk MINT are trademarks and registered trademarks of Splunk Inc. in the United States and other countries . All other brand names , product names , or trademarks belong to their respective owners . © 2017 Splunk Inc. All rights reserved .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
A Russian-Syrian feature film entitled Palmyra , scheduled for release in 2019 will be shot on location in war-torn Syria , filmmakers said on April 17 , TASS reports . Prominent Syrian actress Sulaf Fawakherji , who is also one of the movie 's producers , said that `` the film will be as truthful as possible and the shooting will take place in Syria . ''
The Russian production company Proline-media and Syria 's biggest production company Shaghaf signed an agreement on making a collaborative movie , the signing ceremony was held at Russia 's Culture Ministry .
`` If your movie helps keep people on the good side then it means that your efforts will not have been in vain , '' Russian Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky noted . He was confident that `` the international audience will take an interest in this picture '' as `` events taking place in the Middle East concern the whole world . ''
Directed by Russia 's Ivan Bolotnikov , the film 's shooting is expected to begin in late 2017 . Some scenes are planned to be shot in Syria 's Palmyra and other locations . `` In the autumn , we plan to get the ball rolling and begin filming in late 2017 , '' producer Andrey Sigle said .
The plot of the film revolves around a doctor from the Russian North Caucasus republic of Dagestan , whose life is ruined when his wife flees to Syria taking their young daughters with her .
`` The project emerged a year ago , '' Sigle said . `` The hero is one of those fighting the ( Syrian ) war . ''
The producer added that the Syrian government troops would ensure the safety of the movie crew .
According to Sigle , the motion picture will have a budget of 2 million euros with Syria footing 25 percent of the bill . The producer did not rule out that reporters would be invited to cover the movie 's shooting . Apart from Russia and Syria , Lebanon , France and a number of other countries are also expected to participate in the project .
It was one of the highest rated reboots in TV history , but it was just canceled .
ABC announced Tuesday afternoon that they were canceling Roseanne . The series revival , which premiered earlier this year , was scheduled to run for at least one more season ( 2018-2019 ) .
The network 's decision comes after Roseanne Barr went on a Twitter tirade on Tuesday morning ( May 29 ) . Barr described Valerie Jarrett ( an advisor to the Obama administration ) as a combination of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes . Barr went on to say that `` Muslims r NOT a race '' in a follow-up tweet .
The original tweets have since been deleted , and Roseanne later wrote that she apologized by saying that her joke was in `` bad taste . ''
In a statement that was just issued , ABC called the comedian 's original tweets `` abhorrent . ''
“ Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel her show , '' ABC 's president Channing Dungey said .
The series revival had record ratings . The premiere episode ( which aired on March 27 ) had more than 18 million viewers .
By TIM TALLEY
Associated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) -- A 23-year-old man who was `` out for blood '' when attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday , authorities said .
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre , Oklahoma , was arrested early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City . Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce . Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney .
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and `` that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation . ''
This BancFirst office in Oklahoma City is said by federal officials to be the target of a failed bombing plot . ( NBC News/KFOR )
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington , D.C. , with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building , killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more .
In a series of text messages with the FBI 's informant , Varnell `` claimed to have a bunker for when the world ( or United States ) collapsed '' and indicated he was trying to build a team , the complaint states .
`` I 'm out for blood , '' the complaint quotes Varnell 's texts . `` When militias start getting formed I 'm going after government officials when I have a team . ''
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert , authorities said . Varnell 's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed .
`` There was never a concern that our community 's safety or security was at risk during this investigation , '' said Kathryn Peterson , special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma .
The undercover agent met face-to-face with him on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing , the complaint states .
Varnell indicated at the meeting that he had previously made homemade explosives and that he `` was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement , '' the complaint says .
`` Something needs to be done , '' Varnell said , but killing a lot of people was not a good idea , according to the complaint . During text conversations in July , Varnell stated he wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast , it says .
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what he believed was a stolen van . Shortly after midnight on Saturday , Varnell drove the van by himself from a storage unit in El Reno , about 30 miles ( 48 kilometers ) from the bank in Oklahoma City , and dialed a number on a cell telephone that he believed would trigger the explosion . The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m .
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was `` retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people '' and `` an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions . ''
If convicted , Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The entrance to a Fred Meyer retail store , owned by Kroger Co. , in Portland , Oregon .
Kroger Co. is taking the final step out of the gun business .
The supermarket giant 's general-merchandise chain , Fred Meyer , plans to “ responsibly phase out sales of firearms and ammunition , ” Kroger said in a statement Monday . Kroger operates about 130 Fred Meyer stores in four northwestern states .
The move is the latest action on firearms by Fred Meyer in the aftermath of the deadly school shooting last month in Florida . The chain earlier in March joined Walmart Inc. and Dick 's Sporting Goods Inc. in tightening gun restrictions , and last week Fred Meyer said it would stop selling publications focused on assault rifles .
Kroger said it made the decision to exit the firearms business , which generates about $ 7 million in revenue , after “ evaluating changing customer preferences . ”
“ There have already been efforts to steadily reduce this category in Fred Meyer stores over the last several years due to softening consumer demand , ” the company said .
When it stopped selling assault rifles in 2015 , Walmart also blamed declining sales . Firearms sales have fallen since the 2016 election , as buying dissipated under a conservative president and Congress , who are viewed as unlikely to pass gun-control legislation .
A driver suspected of driving under the influence may face charges in the death of his older brother , the passenger killed in a late night crash Saturday .
The collision happened shortly after 11:30 p.m. Saturday night near East H Street and Paseo Del Rey in Chula Vista , police said .
The 22-year-old driver , who has not been identified , was behind the wheel of his red Mini Cooper when he struck a white Chevy truck , police said .
The passenger in the Mini Cooper -- the driver 's 30-year-old brother -- suffered severe trauma and was taken to Scripps Mercy Hospital . He was later pronounced dead .
The driver was taken to Mercy with moderate injuries .
The person in the white truck was taken to the hospital and later released . A chocolate lab was in the truck with him and flew out of the car when they were struck , police said . The dog ran away and has not been found .
The crash is being investigated as felony DUI , Chula Vista police told NBC7 . The driver may face charges for the death .
No further information is available .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
But while the gas may simplify the execution procedure , critics argue its use is unprecedented , and the legislation was pushed through with little medical research to support it . Since the tactic is untested it could also violate prisoners ' rights .
While Oklahoma used to execute people at a relatively high rate compared with the rest of the country , the state took a three-year break after a series of mishaps occurred in its death chambers . Now , as the state looks for more fool-proof ways to put people to death , the legislature has approved Nitrogen as it 's go-to killing cocktail .
Lawmakers Looking to Gas Death Row
Prisons in Oklahoma may begin using nitrogen to execute people later this year . The process -- called `` hypoxia '' -- would work by using nitrogen gas , an asphyxiant , to replace the oxygen in a prisoner 's blood stream . Proponents argue that the method is more humane than other techniques as the prisoner would simply lose consciousness and die painlessly .
Why Nitrogen ?
As public support for the death penalty has dropped over the years , so too has the availability of the drugs most commonly used to execute prisoners . Midazolam and pentobarbital , drugs commonly used in lethal injections , have become more and more difficult to procure , forcing state governments to look elsewhere . Nitrogen , on the other hand , is widely available , cheap , and easy to administer -- a plus for a state with a recent history of botched executions .
Any Objections ?
Critics worry that lawmakers rushed to pass the bill authorizing this low-cost execution method without properly studying this particular application of nitrogen . As public defender , Dal Baich , noted , `` This method has never been used before and is experimental . '' Oklahoma would be the first state to kill death row inmates using nitrogen .
From minor crimes to capital offenses , if you 're facing criminal charges , it 's important to speak to an attorney as early on in the process as possible .
Related Resources :
Why QR codes are important to iOS 11 and China
A sleeper feature , QR codes have heavy use in parts of the world . Could they spread with automatic recognition in the Camera app ?
Why on earth would you want to use your iPhone 's camera to scan a two-dimensional block-and-dot code ? How could this possibly have a benefit worth the trouble ? Why would Apple have any interest in building this in as an automatic feature within its Camera app ?
Ask folks in China—and Japan , where advertisers , handset makers , and cell carriers pioneered 2D codes over 15 years ago . Apple says its listening to the Chinese market in adding 2D code scanning , but the benefits will be there for users worldwide .
Apple 's addition to iOS 11 will let you open URLs , add contacts , and even join Wi-Fi networks with just the Camera app plus a tap to confirm . While it 's common to ridicule QR codes , that was because of pure inconvenience . With ease , will usage grow ?
Code talking
This QR code will never give you up or let you down .
You 've certainly seen 2D codes , which largely appear in the square QR code format pioneered in Japan . 2D codes get used on airline boarding passes , as part of your digital affinity card at Starbucks , or when using a smartphone ticket app at an event .
2D codes distribute binary data across black and white areas to make it easy for software to recognize and convert back into the original bits . Codes include extra data for error correction , because the assumption is that a physical object might be blurry , partly obscured , or have damage . The density is far higher than 1D conventional bar codes . Instead of several bytes , a 2D code can build in from tens to thousands of characters .
A third-party app available for years , QuickMark , works just fine , by requires a separate launch . Credit : IDG
Most QR codes you enter encode a URL , but all manner of data can be placed in one , and several standards have been set that allow contact information or Wi-Fi connection details including a password . Several sites let you convert your web address , text , or other information into a QR code . Google offers QR codes on its Google Charts developer site , which lets you embed a reference that the Google automatically converts into an image . Follow this link , for instance , and you 'll see an image load that 's a QR code pointing to Macworld.com . No programming is needed—just a URL . Another site packages Wi-Fi details into the Android format that iOS 11 supports as well .
In Japan , because of a partnership across advertising , phones , and cell networks , QR codes helped people access online resources—especially to grab coupons , follow ad links , and reach retail websites—before smartphones existed and web access was severely constrained . Even punching in an address was an ordeal .
1 2 3 4 Next Page
The photo giant makes a splash on Valentine 's Day with four major product releases , including three next-generation cameras and a versatile zoom lens
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - February 14 , 2017 ) - Leading the way is the innovative Canon EOS M6 , a more ergonomic take on the M5 that forgoes that built-in EVF for a smaller , more compact design . The camera uses a 24.2 MP APS-C CMOS sensor to take both high-resolution stills and Full HD 1080p/60 video , while the DIGIC 7 image processor allows a sensitivity range from ISO 100-25600 , along with quick continuous shooting up to 9 fps . The sensor also uses Dual Pixel CMOS AF , which features phase-detection autofocus to achieve fast , accurate , and smooth performance for stills and video . Additionally , camera shake is reduced with Combination IS 5-axis image stabilization .
Canon EOS M6 Mirrorless Digital Camera
Black : https : //www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1318278-REG/canon_eos_m6_mirrorless_digital.html
Silver : https : //www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1318780-REG/canon_1725c001_eos_m6_mirrorless_camera.html
24.2MP APS-C CMOS Sensor
DIGIC 7 Image Processor
3.0 '' Tilting Touchscreen LCD
Full HD 1080p Video Recording at 60 fps
Built-In Wi-Fi with NFC , Bluetooth
Dual Pixel CMOS AF
Up to 9 fps Shooting and ISO 25600
Combination 5 Axis Image Stabilization
In addition to being lighter and more compact than its predecessor , the M6 also boasts an intuitive 3.0 '' touchscreen LCD which allows for easy controlling of focus points , navigating menus , and reviewing images . It also features a tilting design to help work from high and low angles . Finally , the M6 includes built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth options , allowing for seamless sharing of photos and movies . The M6 is available in black and silver .
EOS Rebel T7i DSLR
The major unveil also included another addition to Canon 's popular Rebel series . The Rebel T7i utilizes a 24.2 MP APS-C CMOS sensor , a DIGIC 7 processor , and a sensitivity range of ISO 100-25600 that combine to capture high-resolution stills and video in almost all lighting conditions . The sensor and processor combine for 6 fps continuous shooting when working with moving subjects . The sensor also uses Dual Pixel CMOS AF , which utilizes phase-detection autofocus for high-performance focusing when shooting movies or stills in live view . The optical viewfinder uses a 45-point all cross-type phase-detection system that enables fast and accurate focusing in a wide variety of shooting scenarios .
Canon EOS Rebel T7i DSLR Camera Features
https : //www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1318277-REG/canon_eos_rebel_t7i_dslr.html
24.2MP APS-C CMOS Sensor
DIGIC 7 Image Processor
3.0 '' Vari-Angle Touchscreen LCD
45-Point All Cross-Type Phase-Detect AF
Dual Pixel CMOS AF
Up to 6 fps Shooting and ISO 25600
Built-In Wi-Fi with NFC , Bluetooth
The EOS Rebel T7i also incorporates an optical pentamirror viewfinder for clear , eye-level shooting as well as Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , and a 3.0 '' touchscreen LCD .
Canon EOS 77D DSLR
Rounding out the camera release is the Canon EOS 77D -- a compact , lightweight DSLR with some high-performance features . In addition to using the latest 24.2 MP APS-C CMOS sensor with Dual Pixel CMOS AF and the DIGIC 7 processor , the 77D boasts a 45-point all cross-type AF system that gives users supreme accuracy and speed when shooting various subjects in a wide variety of conditions . Additionally , it has a top shooting speed of 6 fps , and an easily-accessible top LCD screen which eliminates the need to look at the screen or through the viewfinder .
Canon EOS 77D DSLR Camera Highlights
https : //www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1318281-REG/canon_eos_77d_dslr_camera.html
24.2MP APS-C CMOS Sensor
DIGIC 7 Image Processor
3.0 '' Vari-Angle Touchscreen LCD
45-Point All Cross-Type Phase-Detect AF
Dual Pixel CMOS AF
Up to 6 fps Shooting and ISO 25600
RGB+IR 7560-Pixel Metering Sensor
Anti-Flicker Shooting
Built-In Wi-Fi with NFC , Bluetooth
The 77D 's ergonomic design features many advanced controls , like the rear-control dial which can be locked to avoid accidental changes . It also has a vari-angle 3.0 '' LCD touchscreen which provides direct control over AF and image review . Full HD video also enjoys some advanced features , including Movie Electronic IS , HDR Movie , and Time-Lapse Movie modes , along with a 3.5mm mic jack . Finally , the 77D has built-in Wi-Fi , NFC and Bluetooth . Photographers can purchase the camera either as a body-only , or as a kit with either an 18-55mm lens or an 18-135mm lens .
The fourth and final product in Canon 's release is the EF-S 18-55mm f/4-5.6 IS STM lens , a compact , stylish , and affordable lens with a versatile zoom . Spanning a 28.8-88mm equivalent focal length range , this lens covers wide-angle to portrait-length perspectives , and features an Optical Image Stabilizer to minimize the appearance of camera shake by up to four stops for sharper handheld shooting . Additionally , a lead screw-type stepping motor ( STM ) is used for notably smooth , quiet , and precise autofocus performance .
B & H Photo Video is an authorized Canon dealer , with the most up-to-date Canon product information , product pricing and promotional offers .
B & H Photo has the highest review ratings among electronics retailers . Click here to view B & H reviews , awards and certifications with thousands of verified reviews . https : //www.bhphotovideo.com/find/BHPhoto-Reviews.jsp
About B & H Photo Video
As the world 's largest source of photography , video , audio , and the latest trending technologies , including drones , virtual reality , and 3D Printers , B & H Photo Video is known worldwide for its attentive , knowledgeable sales force , excellent customer service , and fast , reliable shipping . Visitors to the website can access a variety of enlightening articles and educational videos . B & H has been satisfying customers worldwide for over 40 years .
Customers making purchases on the B & H website can now make a split payment with multiple credit cards , a useful feature for those with limited credit on their individual cards . Previously , this method of payment was only available to customers when purchasing by phone or in store .
Many items can now be ordered online and picked up at our NYC Superstore . Add any qualifying items to your shopping cart and select STORE PICKUP . You will then have an opportunity to indicate who will be making the pickup , if it is someone other than yourself . You 'll receive an email ( up to 45 minutes ) after completing your order , indicating that your order is ready for pickup at the B & H SuperStore .
The B & H YouTube Channel has an unmatched wealth of educational photographic content . Our entertaining and informative videos feature product overviews from our in-house specialists , as well as photography industry experts . You can even view the B & H Event Space presentations from many of the world 's foremost photographers and interviews with some of photography 's most dynamic characters . Tap into this exciting resource by subscribing to the B & H YouTube Channel here . In addition to these videos , the B & H Explora blog presents new product announcements , gear reviews , helpful guides , and tech news written by product experts and industry professionals .
When you 're in Manhattan , take a tour of the B & H Photo SuperStore , located at 420 Ninth Avenue . The expo continues all year round in the camera kiosks at B & H . Featuring the newest cameras , the kiosks are manned by manufacturer representatives , who are there to guide you and demonstrate the latest photographic technology . With hundreds of products on display , the B & H Photo SuperStore is the place to test-drive and compare all the latest photography gear .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/13/11G130132/Images/Canon_77D-8ac15cf7f04795a3b7a9a61189dfac63.jpg
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/13/11G130132/Images/Canon_T7i-6070042fbf42a1b0b7ae4c873a3fee8d.jpg
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/13/11G130132/Images/Canon_M6_Mirrorless-f63d4ba09ce9a6fabe663bcde385b885.jpg
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/13/11G130132/Images/Canon_EF-S18-55_f4-5.6_Lens-0c9d39fc2febbd8e900118554aaaec64.jpg
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/13/11G130132/Images/Canon_Cameras_and_Lens-3dbd0b4341c489199b1c760ae4580c4c.jpg
In honor of Memorial Day weekend , SeaQuest Interactive Aquarium at the Boulevard Mall will be offering complimentary single-day passport admission to all active duty military and veterans .
SeaQuest said in a statement that with the school year over , children and families are invited to their Summer Kick Off . The kick off starts tomorrow and ends Monday .
The Summer Kick Off will have face painting and story times , and children can visit Marina the Mermaid and Spider Dad , SeaQuest said .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Keys to enabling an effective and secure BYOD programme
Experts from IDC , Microsoft , IBM , and VMware shared tips on how APAC businesses can successfully implement a BYOD programme .
Is your company ready to deploy a 'Bring Your Own Device ' ( BYOD ) programme ?
BYOD , which basically empowers employees to use their personal devices for work purposes , is not a new concept . `` BYOD has been a constant tenet of an organisation 's enterprise mobility strategy in the Asia Pacific excluding Japan region ( APeJ ) over the past several years , considering how most Asian societies happen to be mobile-first , which is what drove BYOD in the first place , '' said Avinash Sundaram , Lead for mobility , International Data Corporation ( IDC ) Asia Pacific ( APAC ) , in an interview with CIO Asia .
Avinash Sundaram , Lead for mobility of IDC in APAC .
According to VMware 's 2016 State of Digital Workspace report , 29 percent of businesses in APAC region are already deploying a BYOD programme . The report polled 1,263 business decision makers and IT influencers globally to examine the adoption of digital workspace .
BYOD was also found to be the top mobility initiative of IT decision makers in the region who were polled for IDC AP 's 2016 Enterprise Mobility survey , said Sundaram .
We spoke to technology experts to find out the boons and banes of BYOD , as well as how businesses can effectively and securely roll out this mobility approach .
Upsides of BYOD
The biggest advantage of BYOD is that it can help boost employees ' productivity . `` It is safe to say that employees who use their own devices are typically already comfortable and adept in its use , which makes them more productive , '' explained Matthew Burns , Business Unit Executive for Endpoint and Mobility of IBM Security . He added that employees can productively accomplish their tasks since they can gain access to work e-mail and applications from anywhere and at any time .
Matthew Burns , Business Unit Executive for Endpoint and Mobility of IBM Security .
Besides that , providing employees the flexibility to use their preferred device may boost employees ' morale . `` Studies have shown that autonomy is linked to higher job satisfaction and employee engagement . According to a previous study by IBM , 83 percent of users consider their mobile device to be more important than their morning cup of coffee , '' said Burns .
Security is BYOD 's Achilles ' heel
Since `` personal devices tend to not feature enterprise-grade security features '' , security is BYOD 's biggest challenge , said Jacqui Miranda , Director , Surface Devices Sales and Marketing , Microsoft Asia Pacific .
Jacqui Miranda , Director , Surface Devices Sales and Marketing , Microsoft APAC
`` With mobile proving to be a popular choice target for malware today , there have been many instances where companies have lost confidential data as a result of security attacks on their employees ' personal devices either due to the lack of education or negligence , '' Burns explained .
1 2 3 4 Next Page
DRUG PEDDLER CAUGHT IN BUY-BUST OPERATION ! ! !
At around 11:30 o'clock in the evening of June 18 , 2018 , personnel of Panglao PNP led by PINSP GERONIMO COQUILLA CONARCO in coordination with PDEA Bohol having PDEA control number 20002-062018-0215 conducted buy bust operation at Barangay Danao , Panglao , Bohol AGAINST ONE Jemsley Alquitela y Agoy-oy a.k.a “ Jems ” , 43 years old ( DOB 05/22/1975 , POB- Maramag , Bukidnon ) , male , married , jobless and resident of Looc , Panglao , Bohol . The operating team successfully arrested the subject drug peddler after the police poseur buyer successfully purchased a sachet of shabu from the subject in exchange of P500.00 paper bill as buy bust money . Recovered/ confiscated from his possession and control the following items to wit :
1 . One ( 1 ) pc small heat-sealed transparent plastic sachet containing white crystalline substance believed to be shabu as the subject of sale marked during inventory with JAA-BB-1 6/18/18 with signature ;
2 . Nine ( 9 ) pcs small heat-sealed transparent plastic sachet containing white crystalline substance believed to be shabu marked during inventory as JAA -2 6/18/18 to JAA -10 6/18/18 with signature as subject possession ;
3 . One ( 1 ) pc Five hundred peso bills bearing serial number WX511093 with initial “ PBA ” used as buy-bust money marked during inventory with JAA-BBM-11 6/18/18 with signature ;
4 . One ( 1 ) pc medium size transparent plastic pack used as container marked during inventory with JAA -12 6/18/18 with signature ;
5 . One ( 1 ) pc ID cardholder with sling color black marked during inventory with JAA-13 6/18/18 with signature used also as container/bag ;
6 . One ( 1 ) unit TVS Neo XR motorcycle color red/black combination bearing plate number 0101-454482 believed to be used as means of transportation on illegal drug transaction .
The Estimated weight of confiscated items weighing 0.70 grams with estimated DDB value of P10,500.00 . The inventory and documentation of the aforementioned evidences conducted at the place of operation and was witnessed by the Media representative , and Barangay Officials of Danao , Panglao , Bohol with the arrested suspect . Suspect is now temporarily detained in Panglao PNP lock up jail prior for the appropriate charges to be filed against him for violations of Sections 5 and 11 of Article II , Republic Act 9165 as amended . A
In this Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , photo , members of the Dallas Street Choir Debra Scott , left rear , Elizabeth Armstrong , center , and Toria Ellis , far right , raise their voices during a rehearsal for their performance at Carnegie Hall on Wednesday evening , at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York . The group of homeless men and women recruited from streets and shelters in Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall . ( AP Photo/Kathy Willens )
In this Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , photo , Dallas Street Choir conductor Jonathan Palant , left , leads a group of community choir singers who will be joining his homeless people 's choir in a Carnegie Hall appearance Wednesday evening , during a rehearsal at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York . The group of homeless men and women recruited from streets and shelters in Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall .
In this Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , photo , Dallas Street Choir member Michael Brown raises his voice during a rehearsal for their performance at Carnegie Hall on Wednesday evening , at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York . 'We may be homeless , but we 're not voiceless , ' he said at the rehearsal Tuesday , 'so let 's use our effort to remind people that we still have hope and it will never die . '
In this Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , photo , Dallas Street Choir project leader and conductor , Jonathan Palant , conducts his group of homeless men and women singers during a rehearsal for their performance at Carnegie Hall on Wednesday evening , at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York . The group of homeless men and women recruited from streets and shelters in Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall .
In this Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , photo , Dallas Street Choir soloist Debra Scott sings her part during a rehearsal for the group 's performance at Carnegie Hall on Wednesday evening , at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York . The group of homeless men and women recruited from streets and shelters in Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall .
In this Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , photo , Dallas Street Choir member Toria Ellis raises his voice during a rehearsal for their performance at Carnegie Hall on Wednesday evening , at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York . The group of homeless men and women recruited from streets and shelters in Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall .
Associated Press
They 're homeless , but a group of men and women from Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall .
The storied New York City concert hall is the venue Wednesday evening for a performance by the Dallas Street Choir , all singers recruited from urban streets and homeless shelters that has been performing since 2015 .
About 20 members of the choir were to be joined by 17 residents of a Manhattan homeless shelter .
The singers include Michael Brown , who lives under a bridge in Dallas when it rains and on a hilltop in sunny weather .
`` We may be homeless , but we 're not voiceless , '' he said at a rehearsal Tuesday , `` so let 's use our effort to remind people that we still have hope and it will never die . ''
Dallas Street Choir conductor Jonathan Palant has also brought in some world-class luminaries for the performance : mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade , soprano Harolyn Blackwell , composer Jake Heggie and composer Stephen Schwartz , who wrote the Broadway hits `` Godspell , '' `` Pippin '' and `` Wicked . ''
Palant said he got the idea for the choir a few years ago while volunteering with a homeless services organization . It started out as a Christmas event — a big meal at a homeless shelter with entertainment by a group of singers that rehearsed with Palant for just a few hours . But that inspired Palant to start a weekly musical session open to anyone who wanted to sing .
Members of the choir come and go frequently . They do n't always produce perfect sounds , and there are moments of slight cacophony , `` but our members sing with heart like no other choir I 've ever worked with , '' said Palant .
Never in its 126-year history has a musical ensemble of homeless performers appeared at Carnegie , said the hall 's archivist , Gino Francesconi .
Brown got his first shower and haircut in weeks for the tour . Normally , he survives going to soup kitchens , and aims to get a job as a waiter .
He 's an energetic , bright-eyed choir member , while some others are physically frail ; one woman relies on a walker , another uses a cane .
In Dallas , they rehearse each Wednesday morning , learning melodies by rote , with printed lyrics . They leave with snacks and a public transportation voucher .
The evening at Carnegie Hall , starting at 8 p.m. , is titled `` Imagine a World — Music for Humanity . ''
Von Stade will premiere Heggie 's new setting of Hub Miller 's `` Spinning Song , '' with Heggie at the piano .
With the choir , Schwartz will perform `` For Good '' from `` Wicked , '' along with Blackwell and von Stade . Rounding out the evening will be the homeless choir offering Broadway songs , capped by personal stories .
Tickets are $ 25 for any Carnegie seat , with proceeds going to organizations that support the homeless .
The New York City Department of Homeless Services has donated some tickets so members of the homeless community can attend .
The choir is also performing Thursday at Washington National Cathedral in Washington D.C .
About $ 200,000 needed for the New York and Washington trips came from previous concerts in Texas , plus a private grant . Carnegie 's Weill Music Institute pulled in the homeless singers from Manhattan . The New Yorkers are members of a community choir and will sing two numbers on the program .
At least while they 're in New York , the singers have a roof over their heads — a hotel on Manhattan 's Upper West Side near the Valley Lodge shelter where the local performers live .
`` This is serious , man — Carnegie Hall in New York City , '' says Brown . `` We have to show people that we did n't come from Texas for no reason . ''
____
Dallas Street Choir : https : //www.dallasstreetchoir.org
This is a `` How it works '' video of 'the BackSeat ' app . A few of the key features are reviewed here . There are several more settings within the app as well as the app being customize-able based on your lifestyle .
KGO-TV ( SAN FRANCISCO ) — Three people have been killed and two more were injured after a shooting at a UPS facility in San Francisco Wednesday morning , according to police .
The shooter died on the scene from a self-inflicted gunshot wound as well , San Francisco Police Assistant Chief Toney Chaplin said in a news conference .
San Francisco police responded to the shooting around 8:55 a.m. , Chaplin said . The UPS facility is located near 17th Street and San Bruno Avenue , ABC San Francisco station KGO-TV reported . Police are currently conducting a search of the building , they said .
When police arrived , they determined that the suspect was inside the building and began evacuations , Chaplin said .
An officer then located the suspect , who put his gun to his head and shot himself , Chaplin said .
Two firearms were recovered at the scene , Chaplin said . It is unclear if any of the victims were targeted , but Chaplin said he does not believe the case to be linked to terrorism . A motive has not yet been determined .
Police have not released the identities of the suspect or the victims . The suspect was dressed in a UPS uniform , but police have not confirmed that he is a UPS employee , Chaplin said .
Investigators are interviewing “ dozens and dozens ” of witnesses who were inside of the building , Chaplin said . Several people who were on site at the time of the shooting are not UPS employees , he added .
UPS confirmed in a statement that there was an incident involving employees Wednesday morning . The company is cooperating with law enforcement , it said . The facility is an area package sorting hub and package delivery center , UPS said .
Police asked people in the area to shelter in place .
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also responded to the scene .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
1:19
Why , asks Boise 's fire chief , can we buy illegal fireworks when we ca n't use them ?
Kylian Mbappe Confirms Real Madrid Have Wanted Him Since He Was 14
Kylian Mbappe underlined his considerable potential against England last night and after the game admitted he will have to “ sort ” through his offers this summer .
The Daily Mail claims Arsenal and Real Madrid are preparing bids for the striker , who helped France to a 3-2 win over England .
“ We are going away with the family and we will think about what 's going to happen , ” Mbappe said .
“ We have to sort it out , see what happens with the club too , because I 'm under contract with a club , I 'm not free . We will see what 's happening . ”
And on the interest from Real Madrid , he added : “ They have been trying to recruit me since I was 14 .
The post Kylian Mbappe Confirms Real Madrid Have Wanted Him Since He Was 14 appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Tennessee 's attorney general contends a law deemed discriminatory to same-sex couples in a court challenge does nothing new .
Attorney General Herbert Slatery moved to dismiss the Davidson County Chancery Court lawsuit by four married lesbian couples on behalf of their unborn children .
The law requires using the `` natural and ordinary meaning '' of words in state law .
The lawsuit says the law may be used to interpret gender-specific words , including `` father '' and `` mother , '' literally so one parent wo n't be recognized and rights can be denied .
Slatery 's reply says the new law codifies a longstanding rule . It says a more-specific law requiring gender-specific words to be interpreted as inclusive must be considered .
It says the lawsuit claims only theoretical fear , and the Department of Health already applies artificial-insemination law to same-sex couples .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
A white elephant gift exchange is a holiday tradition where a group of friends , family members or coworkers exchange useless and wacky gifts during a holiday party .
You can either play by Secret Santa rules or each person draws a number to determine who goes first . The person who draws number one chooses a gift and opens it for everyone to see . Each person after that can either steal an already opened gift from someone before them or he/she can choose an unopened gift .
If a gift is stolen from someone , that person gets to pick another unopened gift . This process continues until the last person has gone . A gift can only be stolen three times so the fourth person to steal it gets to keep it .
Generally this type of holiday exchange is for entertainment so you do not have to spend a lot of money on the gift and the funnier or weirder , the better ! Here are 30 ideas for your white elephant gift exchange this year :
1 . Star Wars Ice Cube Trays
2 . Cat Bingo
3 . Beer Belly Fanny Pack
4 . Human Face Anti-Stress Balls
5 . Drinking Buddies Cocktail/Wine Glass Markers
6 . Crazy Patterned Socks
7 . Selfie Toaster
8 . Bubble Gum Refrigerator Magnets
9 . Foot Hammock
10 . The VERY Embarrassing Book of Dad Jokes
11 . Ugly Christmas Sweater
12 . Toilet Golf
13 . Bacon Flavored Toothpaste
14 . People of Walmart Calendar
15 . Dog Butt Magnets
16 . Horse Head
17 . Googly Eyes Stickers
18 . Microwavable S'mores Maker
19 . Unicorn Onesie
20 . Finger Hands Finger Puppets
21 . Pickle Lip Balm
22 . Adjustable Visor with Spiked Hair
23 . Smuggle Your Booze Sun Sunscreen Lotion Flask
24 . Bubble Wrap Rain Jacket
25 . Prank Pack iArm
26 . Poo-Pourri Toilet Spray
27 . Moose Oven Mit
28 . NapSack Sleep Hood
29 . Meat Maniac Insect & Bug Candy
30 . Holiday Toilet Paper
Bigg Boss 11 : Arshi Khan takes REVENGE from Hiten - Shilpa Shinde in NOMINATION task | FilmiBeat
Bigg Boss 11 is getting interesting with each passing day . After a lot of fun and emotional moments during the weekend episodes , now the contestants will have to face nominations . It has to be recalled that last week , the voting lines were closed and there was no elimination , but in this week , the eviction is imminent .
Today ( December 11 ) , Bigg Boss will announce the nomination task . Read on to know more about the task and also check out who is getting nominated this week ...
Nomination Task – Two Teams The contestants are divided into two teams : team red ( Shilpa , Hiten , Luv and Priyank ) and team blue ( Vikas , Akash Hina and Puneesh ) . Nomination Task Rules The garden area is divided into two parts and in between , two trees are placed with apples hanging on it - the apples have the contestants ' photos . Arshi Has The Power ! According to the task , the tree which has more apples on the tree will win the task . Arshi Khan , who is the captain , has the power to nominate contestants by giving reasons . Arshi To Take Advantage Of Her Power ! According to the promo , now that Arshi has power , she will be seen taking advantage of it ! She tells the blue team that each and every person from the other team will have to convince her personally to save them from nominations . Vikas Wants Arshi Not To Be Predictable ! Vikas asks Arshi not to be predictable . He asks her to make the game interesting . Arshi will be seen telling Vikas that she will participate in the game completely . Arshi Khan 's Game ! In the promo , Arshi will be seen telling the teams that she will compare both the teams , while Puneesh asks Arshi to look into those who broke her trust . Arshi Saves Akash ! She will also tell the teams that she will save Akash as he was the one who has been with her in every situation ! We know that Arshi hates Shilpa , and after yesterday ( December 10 ) episode , she starts hating Hiten as well . Arshi Nominates Shilpa & Hiten ! Arshi will be seen nominating Shilpa and Hiten for sure ! According to the latest update , the red team , which consists of Shilpa , Hiten , Luv and Priyank will be getting nominated for eviction , this week ! Luv Trapped ! Looks like makers guessed Arshi 's move . But they have trapped Luv ! Will luck save Luv again ? Stay locked to this space for the latest update of the show ...
Bigg Boss 11 Highlights : Akash Is Not Sent To Secret Room ; Vikas Calls Hina 'Chalu ' !
In the last year , there 's been a big drop in support for charter schools , while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular . That 's the top line of a national poll released today .
President Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda . The general idea of `` choice , '' however , takes many forms .
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars , charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts .
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools .
Tax-credit scholarships , now available in 17 states , which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition .
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting , according to a new poll from EducationNext , an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas . They 've been asking similar questions for the past decade .
Here are the latest results :
Charters : Last year 51 percent of the public supported `` the formation of charter schools '' ; this year it 's just 39 percent , a 12 point drop in one year .
Vouchers : 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers . That 's a bounce from last year , but more or less in line with the five years before .
Tax credits : This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year ; also a one-year bounce , but in line with longer-term trends .
There 's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools . The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups .
`` That 's the largest change on any survey item , and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we 've seen over the 11-year history of the survey , '' Martin West , the editor-in-chief of EducationNext , said on a press conference call .
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue . In theory , it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community , yet still oppose new ones .
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over .
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools ( the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools ) . The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap . Detroit 's proliferation of charters has been labeled `` a glut '' and `` chaos . '' And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles , one of the biggest public school districts in the country .
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party , and there 's a clear partisan divide on many issues , even as public opinion shifts . Last year , for example , 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers , against 45 percent of Republicans . This year they 've switched places : 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree .
Zeroing in on that political divide , pollsters also measured what they called the `` Trump effect . '' That is , how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue ?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it , while Democrats are the opposite . However , Trump 's net influence is nearly nil , which makes him less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009 . Back then , when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue , they were more likely to back it , by double digits .
This poll , then , serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind .
Still , there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical : approval of the local public schools . 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A .
Fountains Mall will be a hive of fast action-packed entertainment on Saturday , October 7 , when the Algoa Rally 2017 50k regional rally championship descends on Jeffreys Bay .
Spectators can view drivers from across the Eastern Cape , Bloemfontein and Durban performing with precision and accuracy , negotiating corners at high speed with squealing tyres and avoiding obstacles placed at strategic places in the parking area which will form the course for the day .
While the stage at Fountains Mall is tight and technical and requires focus from both driver and navigator , the alternative gravel stages will provide high speed action .
The action-packed day will kick into gear in the parking lot at Fountains Mall at 10:00 . The gravel stages can be viewed at Boplaas on the R102 .
After a quick tyre change at Fountains Mall , competitors will make their way towards Patensie for the spectacular new Droëkloof stage leading straight into Zuurbron .
A second loop in the afternoon completes the rally with a final sprint through the Fountains Mall parking area to determine the champions of the day and the winners of the Tissot watches valued at R6 600 .
Spectators stand the chance to win a spin in a rally car around the Fountains Mall stage , as well as Tissot watches valued at R6 600 .
The prize-giving will take place at The Bingo Royale Café in Fountains Mall at 19:00 .
For more information , visit www.algoarallyclub.co.za
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Wilson County Schools , which added 515 students last summer , finished the school year with 18,489 students , according to Wilson County Deputy Director of Schools Mickey Hall .
The district had just more than 18,000 students at the start of the school year .
The growth comes as the district builds a new middle school in Gladeville and looks to secure funds for a new high school in Mt . Juliet , which is planned on North Green Hill Road on property adjacent to W.A . Wright Elementary School .
The Wilson County Commission approved $ 1.55 million last year for Wilson County Schools to conduct design services for the potential new high school in Mt . Juliet . The design authorization does not signify the groups ' commitment to spend $ 110 million for a new high school , which is the estimated cost .
Hall said the Gladeville middle school would house sixth- through eighth-grade students with a capacity of about 1,500 . He said the school would be a combination of several schools , and would resemble the new high schools except on a smaller scale .
Lebanon Director of Schools Scott Benson said the district 's enrollment settled around 3,830 students throughout the school year after it added about 95 students last summer .
The district bought 57 acres of land at the corner of Coles Ferries Pike and Hartmann Drive for $ 1.3 million in 2015 to secure land for a future school and tapped Thompson-Steed LLC last month as the construction management agency to oversee the project .
Benson said construction could start in about two years but would be determined by the district 's enrollment growth .
“ It could be two years , or if enrollment increases at a faster rate , it could be sooner or later , ” Benson said .
Police Tell Capital The Public Can Help Fight Terror
Police want members of the public to act as `` counter-terrorism citizens '' to help them stop deadly attack plots .
Security chiefs say information from the community is crucial to confronting the unprecedented threat - with more than 6,000 tip-offs yielding useful intelligence last year .
Launching a fresh drive to encourage reporting of suspicious behaviour or activity , Britain 's new counter-terror police chief urged people to trust their instincts .
In one of his first interviews since his appointment , Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu told the Press Association : `` There 's no such thing as good training for this .
`` It 's about instincts and knowing your community . If you feel nervous about it , you should report it .
`` It 's long been a mantra in counter-terrorism policing that we want every good police officer to be a counter-terrorism officer .
`` This is an opportunity for every good citizen to be a counter-terrorism citizen . ''
New figures show that 30,984 reports were made to counter-terror police online or over the phone in 2017 .
Of those 6,659 - more than a fifth ( 21.5 % ) - resulted in information used by officers to inform live investigations or help build an intelligence picture of an individual or group .
Head of West Mids Counter Terror Unit told Capital just the smallest bit of information can be useful :
WATCH : The head of @ WMPolice counters terror unit 's told # CapitalReports they 're calling for the community to help them stop deadly attacks : pic.twitter.com/VoWKFLDcWk — Capital Brum News ( @ CapitalBIRNews ) March 20 , 2018
Counter Terror Police want the population to look out for as they launch the latest phase of their campaign .
Examples of suspicious activity could include hiring large vehicles or buying a large amount of chemicals , fertilisers or gas cylinders for no obvious reason .
Receiving deliveries of unusual items , looking at extremist material online , taking photos of security arrangements or going travelling for long periods without specifying the destination , could also be noteworthy .
Mr Basu said : `` This is the planning cycle . Terrorists have to plan , they have to buy things .
`` When they do these things they will look nervous , they will look out of place .
`` We are looking for the public to pick up on signs like that and report to us . ''
Polling indicates that more than 80 % of people are motivated to report suspicious activity or behaviour .
Mr Basu said : `` The few people who do n't want to report either do n't trust us - let 's be frank - or they think they are going to waste our time .
`` What I would say is nobody is wasting our time . What you might have is an absolutely vital piece of that jigsaw that puts the whole investigation together .
`` You do n't need to worry about reporting to us .
`` We will treat it appropriately , we 'll treat it confidentially and with great seriousness . So please just have the confidence to pick up the phone or click on the mouse . ''
Since the start of last year police have foiled 10 Islamist and four right-wing terror plots .
Thursday marks a year since the Westminster atrocity - the first of five attacks that took place in less than six months .
Police and MI5 are running more than 600 live counter-terror investigations relating to 3,000 individuals .
There is also a wider pool of 20,000 former `` subjects of interest '' who have previously featured in probes and who are kept under review .
Mr Basu said : `` 2017 came as a shock to everyone but we 've actually talked about the fact attacks will get through . This is n't a zero sum game .
`` The public should feel reassured they can play a part in this but they 've also got a global leading counter-terrorism machine that 's working on their behalf . ''
Security minister Ben Wallace said : `` The threat we face requires a response from all areas of society and I commend the public for their diligence in helping the police . Taking action can help save lives . ''
* Suspicious activity or behaviour can be reported by calling 0800 789 321 or visiting www.gov.uk/ACT
Firefighters battling a fire that sparked inside an Encinitas studio apartment Monday were able to contain the flames , confirmed the Encinitas Fire Department .
The fire began around 3:30 p.m. in the garage on Saxony Road , just south of Leucadia Boulevard . The location is near Highway 101 and just east of Interstate 5 .
When firefighters arrived , they found the studio fully engulfed in flames . They were able to extinguish the fire , and there were no residents inside the house at the time .
According to fire officials , it was first reported as a garage fire .
Once crews made entry after containing the fire , the garage appeared to have been converted into a studio apartment with a large office area .
At this time , there have been no reported injuries . The cause of the fire is not yet known .
No other information was immediately available .
Please refresh this page for updates on this story . Details may change as more information becomes available .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/16mJa
— The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year 's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others .
Turkish police meanwhile detained eight people in connection to the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack .
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a `` heroic soldier of the caliphate '' who attacked the nightclub `` where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast . ''
It said the man fired an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in `` revenge for God 's religion and in response to the orders '' of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .
The group described Turkey as `` the servant of the cross '' and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq .
`` We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories , '' the statement said .
Turkey 's state-run Anadolu Agency said eight people were taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul 's main police headquarters . It did not provide further information on the suspects .
Earlier , Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman , who is still at large , is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan .
According to the Hurriyet and Karar newspapers , police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks .
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing with an automatic rifle at an estimated 600 people partying inside .
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club , which is frequented by local celebrities , were foreigners , Turkey 's Anadolu Agency said . Many of them hailed from the Middle East .
Citing Justice Ministry officials , Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified . The report said 11 of them were Turkish nationals , and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen .
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia ; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq ; two each were from Tunisia , India , Morocco and Jordan . Kuwait , Canada , Israel , Syria and Russia each lost one citizen .
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies .
Turkish officials have n't released the names of those identified .
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey , which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq .
The country suffered multiple bombings in 2016 , including three in Istanbul that authorities blamed on IS , a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast .
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country . Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul 's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June , which killed 45 people . Authorities have said the three suicide bombers in the airport attack were Russia , Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan and there has been speculation that Akhmed Chatayev , a Chechen extremist known to be a top lieutenant in the IS militant group , may have directed the attack .
In August , Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria , to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region . The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep , near the border with Syria , that killed more than 50 people .
In December , IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to `` conquer '' Istanbul . Turkey 's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab . Turkish authorities have n't confirmed the authenticity of the video .
Last week , Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations .
On Monday , Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations .
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff 's office , Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab , killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures . The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak , eight kilometers ( five miles ) to the southwest of Al Bab .
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by `` taking advantage of the chaos '' that ensued . Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack .
___
Bassem Mroue reported from Beirut . Suzan Fraser in Ankara , and Cinar Kiper in Istanbul , contributed to this report .
Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images ( NEW YORK ) — After issuing an apology , Roseanne Barr overnight slammed some of her former co-stars and retweeted defenses of her racist comments that prompted ABC to cancel her hit TV series .
Barr tweeted multiple apologies to Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett after the comedian posted a tweet saying Jarrett was the product of a combination of “ Planet of the Apes ” and the Muslim Brotherhood . She quickly deleted the tweet but it drew widespread condemnation and the cancellation of her self-titled series reboot after one season .
But within minutes of the apology , Barr quickly began retweeting defenses of her comments and later this morning criticized “ Roseanne ” co-stars Sara Gilbert and Michael Fishman , who both released statements Tuesday critical of the show 's star .
Fishman , who played Barr 's son D.J . Conner on both the original and the reboot , tweeted “ today is one of the hardest days of my life ” and condemned her tweet , saying , “ we must stand up against ; bias , hatred , bigotry and ignorance . ”
Barr , 65 , responded , “ i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it . ME . You throw me under the bus . nice ! ”
She responded simply “ Wow ! unreal ” to Gilbert 's statement from Tuesday calling Barr 's tweet “ abhorrent . ”
Barr tweeted or retweeted over 70 messages after her initial apology to “ the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet. ” She sent dozens more direct replies to Twitter users .
Many of the tweets defended Barr 's comments , saying she was not racist and attempting to point out the perceived hypocrisy on Disney 's part . Barr also claimed she did not know Jarrett was black , first saying she believed she was Saudi , then Jewish and Persian and finally that she believed Jarrett was white .
She blamed the initial tweet about Jarrett on the sleep medication Ambien , although she later deleted multiple tweets with references to the prescription drug . The first of those tweets said , “ It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended . ”
Sanofi U.S. , the biopharmaceutical company that makes Ambien , responded to Barr 's tweet Wednesday morning , condemning her excuse that she was “ ambien tweeting . ”
“ People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world . While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication , ” the company said in a tweet .
As for Barr , she finally signed off at 3 a.m. , tweeting , “ thanks for all your kind comments , everyone ! Love u all goodnight . ”
She then sent two more retweets , including a defense from InfoWars editor-at-large Paul Joseph Watson .
ABC News is a division of the Walt Disney Co .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
WPD will inaugurate the 11MW Clussais-la-Pommeraie wind farm in France on 2 June .
The project , which is located at Deux-Sevres in the municipality of Clussais-la-Pommeraie , comprises five Vestas turbines .
It is WPD 's fourth wind farm in Deux-Sevres , the company said .
WPD added that Clussais-la-Pommeraie has taken 10 years to develop .
Image : WPD
How Robert Kraft 'pissed off ' Falcons owner with Super Bowl ring Arthur Blank has another 283 reasons to hold a grudge against the Patriots . The Falcons owner , who is nearly a year removed from Atlanta 's crushing Super Bowl loss after New ...
Eagles advance thanks to Foles and a last-minute goal-line stand PHILADELPHIA — Fly Eagles , fly . With the wind and against it . With Nick Foles engineering several long drives , Jake Elliott converting three field goals , and the defense getting stingy in ...
Eagles stand in way of surging Falcons and unfinished business Ignore the seeds . Forget the records . The sixth-seeded Falcons will invade Philadelphia expecting to return to the NFC Championship game , a three-point favorite that is soaring at the right time ....
Nick Foles is the Eagles ' curse , or the one to break it This was supposed to be Carson Wentz 's moment , Philadelphia 's fearless phenom carrying fervent , frenzied football fans and a franchise forever desperate to win its first Super Bowl on his strapping ...
Rams and Sean McVay hope to use loss as a learning tool LOS ANGELES — The public address announcer kept yelling “ Whose House ? ” and the obliging crowd would answer “ Rams ' House ! ! ” But home field meant nothing in the first NFL playoff game ...
Falcons show playoff experience matters in win over Rams LOS ANGELES — The Falcons jumped to an early 13-point lead before the Rams mounted two swift scoring drives . Los Angeles went to the Coliseum locker room at halftime with ...
Playoffs a chance for Rams to win Los Angeles ' heart LOS ANGELES — The Rams are hosts to their first playoff game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum since 1979 on Saturday when they entertain the Falcons in the NFC ...
Post expert takes out crystal ball and predicts Super Bowl champ Fake news : The Serby Crystal Ball was hacked before the season . Nope , no excuses here for picking the Giants to beat the Patriots in the Super Bowl ( though Eli Apple ...
NFL playoff picture is finalized with Bills shocker Whew ! The NFL 's playoff seeds and first-round matchups were set in dramatic fashion . Buffalo got the final postseason berth when Cincinnati stunned Baltimore . The Bengals scored on a fourth-and-12 when ...
Majority of big investors disappointed by hedge fund returns
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
iStock/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — After Roseanne Barr posted a tweet comparing a former adviser of then-President Barack Obama to an ape , she later apologized in multiple tweets and said she made the racist comments while impaired by the pharmaceutical sleep aid Ambien .
In now-deleted tweets , she said , “ It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended . ”
Another tweet she wrote said she was “ not giving excuses for what I did ( tweeted ) but I 've done weird stuff while on ambien- cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc . ”
The manufacturer of Ambien , Sanofi-Aventis , admitted there are side effects to the sleep medication , but said in a tweet , “ People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world . While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ”
So what exactly is Ambien ?
More than a third of U.S. adults report that they do not get enough sleep , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Since its arrival in 1993 , the drug Ambien has become one of the most widely prescribed , and studied , sleep-aid medications .
Ambien is the brand name for the drug zolpidem tartrate . It is part of a class of drugs called sedative-hypnotic , known to depress the central nervous system and promote sleep . It is also a schedule IV controlled substance under federal regulation because it can be abused or lead to dependence .
When is Ambien prescribed ?
Ambien is indicated for short-term treatment of insomnia , a disorder in which one has difficulty with falling asleep , staying asleep or waking up too early . Doctors are recommended to re-evaluate Ambien prescriptions if the insomnia continues after seven to 10 days because that may indicate an underlying psychiatric or medical illness .
What are the most common side effects ?
Four percent of users reported side effects over the first 10 nights , including drowsiness , dizziness and diarrhea . The higher the dose , the higher the risk of side effects .
What are the serious side effects of Ambien ?
Ambien does have more serious physical risks , reported in about one percent of users in studies . These risks include allergic reactions like swelling of the tongue or throat , trouble breathing , nausea and vomiting .
What about behavioral side effects ?
Ambien can cause abnormal thinking , behavioral changes and affect complex behaviors like driving a car . Less than one percent of people in studies reported sleep-driving , sleep-walking , preparing and eating food , talking on the phone , having sex and having hallucinations while not fully awake , according to Sanofi-Aventis — and they do not usually remember these events .
Like any depressant , Ambien can also lower inhibitions . The use of alcohol and other depressants increases the risk of all of these behaviors . Although the FDA received more than 700 reports of Ambien-impaired driving , it was unclear what dose or time the medication was taken and if alcohol and other drugs were involved . Ambien has also been known to increase anxiety and depression , as well as suicidal thinking and behavior .
Since Ambien is a central nervous system depressant , its use can also decrease alertness and ability to walk . It is known to cause falls and lead to hip fractures . Studies show poor recall after waking .
This article was written by Sima Patel , M.D. , a third-year physical medicine and rehabilitation resident at the University of Minnesota who works in the ABC News medical unit .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
The 36th edition of the Fajr International Film Festival opened in Tehran with Oscar-nominated Iranian film director Majid Majidi 's new movie `` Beyond the Clouds '' – the movie , filmed in India , is about a brother and sister struggling in the slums of Mumbai .
Trailer for Iranian director Majid Majidi 's new movie `` Beyond The Clouds ''
The festival 's director Reza Mirkarimi is himself a multi-awarded film director who knows how difficult it is to make independent films in Iran . He took over the festival 's direction three years ago .
`` I took over the responsibility for the festival under one condition : no interference by authorities , '' Mirkarimi told Euronews . `` In the past three years we have experienced the least interference thanks to the positive attitude of the government , we have been able to do our job freely , '' he added .
In the last few years , Iranian film directors have been in the headlines not only for winning Oscars and other prestigous awards atinternational festivals , but also for being banned from filmmaking and leaving the country . Two recent examples being directors Jafar Panahi , who is under house arrest in Iran and Mohammad Rasoulof who is restricted from leaving his country .
The repression has led Iranian filmmakers to find new ways of getting their message across :
`` Iran is the classic posterboy for repressed cinema , for people who can not say exactly what they want to say so the find metaphors and similies and synecdoches. `` explained Deborah Young , International FIlm Editor at the Hollywood reporter who attended the festival .
The film festivals celebrated Iran 's 120 years of national cinema history - today the countries filmmakers are praised as beeing amongst the most artistic filmmakers in the world .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , arrives for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , in New York .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Annabella Sciorra , left , stands with Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from left , Rosanna Arquette , and Farrow 's mother Mia Farrow , right , as they arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners award ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , center , Annabella Sciorra , left , and Rosanna Arquette , right , arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , his mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers have watched from the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service Wednesday for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against the Hollywood mogul .
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker sparked the # MeToo movement .
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra . The actresses are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct , allegations he denies .
Farrow was also joined by his mother , actress Mia Farrow .
Rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar was there to pick up his Pulitzer Prize for music .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Reading Borough Council is not spending tax payers ' money on housing Syrian refugees , says Councillor Jo Lovelock .
The leader of the local authority says `` the money that 's supporting the families from Syria is a special Government grant '' which can not be spent on anything else .
The council has agreed to take in three families who have fled the warn-torn nation .
The Government has agreed to meet the costs of relocating and housing the refugees , who live in private rented accommodation , for four years but Cllr Lovelock says `` it 's unclear what happens at the end of that period '' .
She also said the council is committed to helping rough sleepers and people threatened with homelessness , even though it is expected to cut its homelessness support budget by £245,550 .
She admitted that when it comes to homelessness , Reading `` has got one of the worst situations outside London because of the cost of housing '' .
Yesterday we released the council leader 's comments on council tax and budget cuts which you can watch in the video below .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Council leader discusses budget challenges Share this video Watch Next
We 'll put more videos out throughout the rest of this week discussing a range of other subjects such as Reading 's MPs and children 's services throughout the week .
Abrahams slams ‘ grandstanding ' Afriforum over Malema prosecution – Independent Online
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Kayleigh Rahn
I do n't know when children begin to collect memories , but I hope Nora did n't initiate the yesteryear corner of her brain this week .
The luster of Mother 's Day had come and gone . William was on second shift . Bath time was near .
On typical nights William runs Nora 's bath while I clean up the kitchen after dinner . I then do the lotion and PJ routine while he tidies the bathroom following the splish-splashing bubble fun . However , when William works second shift , Nora and I head to town for dinner with my parents . It 's a simple routine , and I enjoy it .
While at my parents ' house this evening a macaroni and cheese side dish doubled as the season 's latest in toddler hair fashion , which called for a full scrub down before heading home .
Years ago my parents ditched the full bathtub in lieu of more storage in the bathroom , so for nearly 15 years they 've had only a walk-in shower . A great transition until you consider bath time with a toddler . My Mom quickly remedied the dilemma with a plastic storage tub placed in the bottom of the shower and a small Minnie Mouse bathmat . It 's not exactly picturesque , but it 's efficient . And Nora loves it . # GrandmaWin .
Bath time began as planned . Run the water to warm it up . Test it 1,000 times before stripping the child . Check the diaper for a dirty surprise before trashing it and dunk the babe .
Easy . Simple . I got this .
That was until I heard something “ plop ” into the tub just as Nora 's toes hit the water .
Alarm ran through my body .
Before I could stop her downward motion into the soiled tub , Nora was proudly sitting on the pink Minnie bathmat that was now contaminated . She smiled ear to ear–blissfully unaware of the blunder her mother just committed–as she reached for her dirtied bath toys and began what may be her favorite time of the day . She then sloshed the dreaded , dirty water around the glass walls of the shower .
As my brain registered what had transpired I panicked . I ripped her out of the tub as an ear-shattering scream came from my child . This was an offense of the highest degree–a shortened bath time .
I tried to stand her slippery body on the shower floor as she attempted to dive back into the water . She slipped .
Thunk .
Her butt hit the bottom of the shower and more tears followed .
My Mom ( thank goodness for Moms ) came in for the assist .
I quickly explained what happened as I attempted to put Nora back on her feet , which she suddenly forgot how to use .
“ Hand her to me ; I 'll rinse her in the sink , ” my mom said as she made a move over my shoulder for the tub . I shifted to hand Nora to my mom . But she was n't referring to the child . Instead she had requested Minnie , the soiled bathmat . Nora , who thought she was being rescued by her Grandma , was left to shiver , wet and nude , as I , her dysfunctional mom , attempted to resolve the dirty water issue . Bigger tears started to flow down the poor girl 's cheeks .
My mom took the bathmat out of the dirty water and scrubbed it down as I calmed Nora and successfully found a safe , warm place for her to stand while I drained , rinsed , and refilled the tub . However , as I made my move to do a final rinse of the tub , Nora , who was calmly standing off my right leg , took one step toward me .
We collided .
Flop .
She was knocked to her tummy by my hip . A pale starfish struggled on the linoleum floor with her dirty butt on display for all to see . # MomFail . I dropped the handheld showerhead I was using to rinse the now clean tub . The water stream sprayed directly into my face , turning my makeup into a raccoon-eyed mask and soaking my already soiled clothes . In a quick struggle , the showerhead was corralled , the water was turned off , and I swooped Nora into a towel , cleaned her up , and started again .
With a clean tub , a clean Minnie bath mat , and a dried bathroom we started again , and the bath was successful–eventually .
I felt depleted . Motherhood is hard .
After a clean and happy Nora was tucked into her crib at home I collapsed into our oversized chair . She seems no worse for the wear ; she still loves bath time , I told myself . I do n't believe she 's traumatized , although time will tell I suppose .
William called on his dinner break , and I recounted the drama in great detail with a lot of laughter .
If one day she happens to register a memory of this fateful night , I hope it 's filled with all the laughter and love and a little less of the drama .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
by Nat Frothingham
When it comes to feeding Montpelier 's homeless and hungry people , George Estes is doing a lot more than talking the talk—he 's walking the walk .
On January 12 , Estes opened his new “ Open Hands Café ” in the Parish Hall of Christ Episcopal Church , across the street from the post office in Montpelier . The new café had been in the works since last August , when Estes first suggested the idea to Paul Habersang , the minister of Christ Church .
Estes , a big , genial fellow , now in his50s , brings a wealth of food and business experience to the Open Hands Café project . During a visit to The Bridge office , Estes discussed his varied work experience ”
“ Well , I 've been a self-employed contractor , ” he said . “ My contracting company was called ‘ We Can Do It Construction . ' and I also had a vending company [ in Montpelier ] called ‘ Out Doggin It . ' That was a hot dog vending business in front of Christ Church . I usually started in May and ran through September , ” he said .
Estes was 27 years in front of Christ Church . “ It was very successful , ” he said . “ My two sons ran it as a business . They were vice presidents . I was president . They got a kick out of being vice presidents . Their view of things was this , ‘ My dad tells us what to do , but we 're really doing it . ' ”
“ Over the years of having the hot dog business , I 've noticed a lot of homeless people and people in need who do n't have as much as other people. ” In running the hot dog business , Estes said , “ I used to give away a lot of food—hot dogs , chips , burgers—usually what was left over at the end of the day . Instead of throwing food out , I offered it to people walking by . ”
According to Estes , times have changed . “ I 'm seeing more and more homeless people and people in need over the past three or four years . ”
Then , he offered his own analysis of what 's really happening . “ It 's weird how the [ State of Vermont ] reports that unemployment has dropped . I think unemployment has stayed the same , and the benefits have run out , and people are no long being counted in the system . The State may tell you that unemployment is down . But benefits are depleted and people are struggling to find a place to stay and even find a meal . ”
Then Estes returned to that part of his story when he went in and talked to Paul Habersang , minister at Christ Church . Estes launched his idea , saying : “ Paul , might there be a way for me to open a café at the church to benefit the community . ”
Paul answered , “ What are you proposing ? ”
“ I said ‘ I 'm proposing a breakfast café at a reasonable price . If they do n't have cash , they can have oatmeal , toast and coffee . Or they can buy a breakfast . Two eggs and toast is $ 3.Then I have omelets at $ 6 with vegetables , and we can add on bacon , cheese , ham and sausage for an additional cost . ”
Estes continued explaining his proposal to Habersang . “ The whole community can be a part of this . We will have a Good Samaritan program . You can come in and have breakfast and contribute something so that someone else can have breakfast . ”
“ I 'm calling this the Open Hands Café , ” said Estes about Montpelier 's newest breakfast spot . “ It 's open to the public . We start at 5:30in the morning and end at 11 am . That 's Monday , Tuesday , Thursday , Friday , and Saturday. ” The café is n't open on Wednesdays because Christ Church puts on a soup kitchen on Wednesdays .
When asked about community reaction to the new café , Estes said . “ The reaction has been overwhelming . We 're getting a spread of people including people who used to have breakfast at the old Coffee Corner , including homeless people and non-homeless people . One day I had 41 people come through the door , ” he said . “ The Good Samaritan idea is working fine , ” Estes reported . “ People are putting in money so that the next person can have a meal . ”
About the coffee , Estes offered somethingpersonal , a remembrance of his mother whodied some years ago . Said Estes , “ The coffeeis locally roasted by Capitol Grounds 802Coffee . I have my own special blend called “ A Touch of Joy ” named after my mother , JoyMarie Estes .
George Estes remembered his mother withdeep affection . She held the family together.She worked in a number of local bankssuch as the Montpelier National Bank andthe Vermont National Bank . Back in the1970s she also started a women 's professionalbusiness association in Vermont .
“ She always brought so much joy andhappiness to the people she met , ” Estes said .
George Estes
The public is invited to attend and enjoy abroad-based folk music concert to benefitthe new Open Hands Café . That concertis set for Friday evening , February 2 at7 p.m. at the Christ Church Parish Hall.Proceeds from the concert will benefit theGood Samaritan program at the OpenHands Café . Concert performers includePam Bockes , Leeds Brewer , David Kaynorand Susan Reid . The suggested donation is $ 10 per person . Concertgoers are invited topurchase food and drinks .
Share this :
Unique variety of Elgin buildings on display
hello
First Congregational Church in Elgin is part of the Open Elgin Architectural Tour . Daily Herald FILE PHOTO
The observatory/planetarium of Elgin Area School District U-46 , on the National Register of Historic Places , is featured in the first Open Elgin Architectural Tour . Daily Herald FILE PHOTO
If you 're into architecture -- from the historical to the energy-efficient -- and you 're curious to explore Elgin , Saturday is your chance to do so during a self-guided tour staffed by volunteer docents .
The Open Elgin Architectural Tour includes more than 25 buildings , including schools , churches and office buildings that have unique histories and features . The first tour of its kind in Elgin , it was created by the Enhancing Elgin committee .
The tour includes the U-46 Observatory/Planetarium , consisting of a 1963 planetarium added to the 1909 observatory of the Elgin National Watch Company , First United Methodist Church , the Professional Building , the Cobblestone House , and many more .
The committee , a subgroup of the Elgin Development Group , has been working on the tour since last fall , committee co-chair Denise Raleigh said .
`` It 's been a way for us to contribute and bring people into downtown Elgin and into surrounding Elgin , '' she said . `` We want people to know about all the unique , wonderful buildings we have . ''
Some buildings are off the beaten path , like the Church of the Brethren 's offices at 1505 Dundee Ave. , committee co-chair Mary Dulabaum said . `` Having an opportunity to go into buildings such as that is unique , '' she said .
Energy-efficient buildings include Triumph Community Bank , the Harm A. Weber Academic Center at Judson University , and Gail Borden Public Library 's Rakow branch , all of which have a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certification by the U.S. Green Building Council .
Docents comprise more than 40 community volunteers , along with Judson students and staff members from some of participating entities .
`` We hope people from inside and outside of the city come to Open Elgin to experience the variety of remarkable buildings we have , '' Mayor David Kaptain said .
The tour is 1 to 5 p.m. Maps are available at openelgin.com and Saturday at tour sites .
Japanese siblings accept WWII soldier 's flag from US veteran
hello
In this Aug. 14 , 2017 photo , Tatsuya Yasue , 89-year-old farmer , speaks about his brother Sadao Yasue , who fell in battle during the war in Pacific more than 70 years ago , infant of a household altar at his home in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture . Former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo will return Sadao 's calligraphy-covered flag he took from the fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago . Associated Press
In this Aug. 13 , 2017 photo , former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo , right , holds a Japan 's national flag during a press conference in Tokyo . Strombo is in Japan to return the calligraphy-covered flag he took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago . Associated Press
In this Aug. 13 , 2017 photo , former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo speaks during a press conference in Tokyo . Strombo is in Japan to return the calligraphy-covered flag he took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago . Associated Press
In this Aug. 14 , 2017 photo , Tatsuya Yasue , 89-year-old farmer , wipes his tears while taking about his brother Sadao Yasue , who fell in battle during the war in Pacific more than 70 years ago , in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture . Former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo will return Sadao 's calligraphy-covered flag he took from the fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago . Associated Press
Tatsuya Yasue , left , and WWII veteran Marvin Strombo shake hands prior to a ceremony in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture Tuesday , Aug. 15 , 2017 . Strombo returned a Japanese flag with autographed messages which was owned by Tatsuya 's brother Sadao Yasue , who was killed in the Pacific during World Work II . Associated Press
In this Aug. 14 , 2017 photo , Tatsuya Yasue , 89-year-old farmer , shows a photo of his brother Sadao Yasue , who fell in battle during the war in Pacific more than 70 years ago , in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture . Former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo will return Sadao 's calligraphy-covered flag he took from the fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago . Associated Press
Tatsuya Yasue , left , kisses the hands of WWII veteran Marvin Strombo during a ceremony in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture Tuesday , Aug. 15 , 2017 . Strombo returned a Japanese flag with autographed messages which was owned by Tatsuya 's brother Sadao Yasue , who was killed in the Pacific during World Work II . Associated Press
WWII veteran Marvin Strombo , right , and Tatsuya Yasue , 89-year-old farmer , hold a Japanese flag with autographed messages which was owned by his brother Sadao Yasue , who was killed in the Pacific during World Work II , during a ceremony in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture Tuesday , Aug. 15 , 2017 . Strombo has returned to the fallen soldier 's family the calligraphy-covered flag he took from the man 's body 73 years ago . Associated Press
WWII veteran Marvin Strombo , center , returns Tatsuya Yasue , left , a Japanese flag with autographed messages which was owned by his brother Sadao Yasue , who was killed in the Pacific during World Work II , during a ceremony in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture Tuesday , Aug. 15 , 2017 . Strombo has returned to the fallen soldier 's family the calligraphy-covered flag he took from the man 's body 73 years ago . Associated Press
WWII veteran Marvin Strombo , right , and Tatsuya Yasue , 89-year-old farmer , hold a Japanese flag with autographed messages which was owned by his brother Sadao Yasue , who was killed in the Pacific during World Work II , during a ceremony in Higashishirakawa , in central Japan 's Gifu prefecture Tuesday , Aug. 15 , 2017 . Strombo has returned to the fallen soldier 's family the calligraphy-covered flag he took from the man 's body 73 years ago . Associated Press
HIGASHISHIRAKAWA , Japan -- The former U.S. Marine knew the calligraphy-covered flag he took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago was more than a keepsake of World War II . When Marvin Strombo finally handed the flag back to Sadao Yasue 's younger brother and sisters Tuesday , he understood what it really meant to them .
Tatsuya Yasue buried his face into the flag and smelled it , then he held Strombo 's hands and kissed them . His elder sister Sayoko Furuta , 93 , sitting in her wheelchair , covered her face with both hands and wept silently as Tatsuya placed the flag on her lap .
Strombo said their reaction struck him . He reached out to Yasue 's elder sister and gently rubbed her shoulder .
`` I was so happy that I returned the flag , '' Strombo said . `` I can see how much the flag meant to her . That almost made me cry ... It meant everything in the world to her . ''
The flag is a treasure that will fill a deep void for Yasue 's family . It is the first trace of their brother . The Japanese authorities only gave them a wooden box containing a few rocks , a substitution for the remains that have never been found .
The flag 's white background is filled with signatures of 180 friends and neighbors in this tea-growing mountain village of Higashishirakawa , wishing Yasue 's safe return . `` Good luck forever at the battlefield , '' a message on it reads . Looking at the names and their handwriting , Tatsuya Yasue clearly recalls their faces and friendship with his brother .
The smell of the flag immediately brought back childhood memories to the soldier 's younger brother .
`` It smelled like my good old big brother , and it smelled like our mother 's home cooking we ate together , '' Tatsuya Yasue said . `` The flag will be our treasure . ''
The return of the flag brings closure , the 89-year-old farmer and a younger brother of the fallen soldier , told The Associated Press at his 400-year-old house on Monday . `` It 's like the war has finally ended and my brother can come out of the limbo . ''
Yasue last saw his older brother alive the day before he left for the South Pacific in 1943 . Tatsuya and two siblings had a small send-off picnic for the oldest brother outside his military unit over sushi and Japanese sweet mochi , which became their last meal together . At the end of the meeting , his brother whispered to Tatsuya , asking him to take good care of their parents , as he would be sent to the Pacific islands , harsh battlegrounds where chances of survival were low .
A year later , the wooden box containing the stones arrived . Months after the war ended , the authorities told Yasue that his brother died somewhere in the Marianas presumably on July 18 , 1944 , the day Saipan fell , at age 25 .
`` That 's all we were told about my brother . We never knew exactly when , where or how he died , '' he said . Yasue and his relatives wondered Sadao might have died at sea off Saipan . About 20 years ago , Yasue visited Saipan with his younger brother , imagining what their older brother might have gone through .
The only person who can provide some of those answers , Strombo said he found Yasue 's body on the outskirts of Garapan when he got lost and ended up near the Japanese frontline . He told Yasue 's siblings their brother likely died of a concussion from a mortar round . He told them that Sadao was lying on the ground , his leftside down , looking peacefully as if he was sleeping and without severe wounds .
At least the flag and his story suggest Yasue died on the ground , which also raises hopes of retrieving his remains .
The remains of nearly half of 2.4 million Japanese war-dead overseas have yet to be found 72 years after the World War II ended . It 's a pressing issue as the bereaved families reach old age and memories fade .
Allied troops frequently took the flags from the bodies of their enemies as souvenirs , as Japanese flags were quite popular and fetched good price when auctioned , Strombo said . But to the Japanese bereaved families , they have a much deeper meaning , especially those , like Yasue , who never learned how their loved ones died and never received remains . Japanese government has requested auction sites to stop trading wartime signed flags .
Strombo said Tuesday that he originally wanted the flag as a souvenir from the war , but felt guilty just taking it , and that 's why he never sold it and committed himself to a lifelong journey to return the flag to its real home .
He had the flag hung in a glass-fronted gun cabinet in his home in Montana for years , a topic of conversation for visitors . He was in the battles of Saipan , Tarawa and Tinian , which chipped away at Japan 's control of islands in the Pacific and paved the way for U.S. victory .
In 2012 , he was connected to an Oregon-based nonprofit Obon Society that helps U.S. veterans and their descendants return Japanese flags to the families of fallen soldiers . The group 's research traced it to the tea-growing village of 2,300 people in central Japan by analyzing family names .
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https : //www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Her work can be found at APNews at https : //www.apnews.com/search/mari % 20yamaguchi
