State treasurer and gubernatorial hopeful John Chiang is wading into the increasingly high-profile debate over college affordability with a new push for California to play a role in alleviating the burden of high-interest private student loans .
Chiang is sponsoring legislation that would create a $ 25-million fund that would offer a degree of protection to student loan providers . With the state assuming some of the risk , the measure 's proponents say financial institutions will be more likely to offer lower interest rates to those carrying student debt .
“ We know that unfortunately too many Californians , too many Americans , are saddled with extraordinary debt , ” Chiang said in an interview , touting his plan as an effort to “ try to get them out of debt as quickly as possible . ”
The proposal , which is being carried in the Legislature by Sen. Ben Allen ( D-Santa Monica ) , is among a swell of measures introduced in the Legislature this year aimed at tackling the high cost of college . Allen and Chiang will unveil the legislation at a Capitol news conference Tuesday .
Assembly Democrats have proposed a sweeping “ debt-free college ” plan that would help offset living expenses in addition to tuition . Other lawmakers have proposed freezing tuition at University of California and California State University campuses , or doing away with tuition altogether at those institutions and community colleges by imposing a tax on millionaires .
Debate on college affordability spurs California lawmakers to offer proposals to help students »
The measure by Chiang and Allen , which is backed by the powerful labor group Service Employees International Union , would aid those already yoked to student debt . The assistance would be open to California residents with private student loans of $ 25,000 or less that are currently employed and have an associate , bachelor 's , graduate or technical degree .
Under the plan , borrowers would apply to a financial institution for loan refinancing . Once the lender approves , a credit package would then go to the California Educational Financing Authority , which is run by the treasurer 's office . The authority would agree to offer first-loss protection on up to 10 % of the loan , meaning the state would guarantee that portion in event of a default .
Public and private student debt totals more than $ 1 trillion nationally . California residents , compared to other states , carry a relatively low level of debt . College seniors graduating in 2015 averaged about $ 22,000 in debt , according to the Institute for College Access and Success , a nonprofit that advocates on affordability issues . Nationwide , borrowers averaged about $ 30,000 in debt .
Federal student loans have interest rates that range from about 3 % to 8 % , while rates for private loans can hover between 9 % and 12 % .
This is not the first time California has tackled student debt . The treasurer 's office once used bonds to finance student loans , but the program eventually shuttered after it was found to be unsustainable .
The renewed interest in college costs , propelled largely by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ' insurgent campaign for president , has brought the issue back to the forefront , as well as the state 's healthier fiscal outlook .
“ The state , for a long period of time during the recession , was trying to get our balance sheet in order . We did n't have necessarily the financial strength to address issues such as education costs , ” said Chiang . Now , he said , “ we 've gotten to a much better place . ”
The proposal also enables Chiang to carve out a niche on a high-profile issue as the 2018 governor 's race begins to heat up . Allen said he welcomed the exposure that comes along with having a gubernatorial hopeful attached to the bill .
“ It 's not a bad thing to give this issue greater prominence , whether it be through his current position or his run [ for governor ] , ” Allen said . The senator said Chiang 's reputation as “ a good fiscal steward , not someone who 's known for his profligacy , ” also gives the proposal a boost .
The treasurer 's office estimates that a $ 25-million fund could help refinance about 16,000 loans .
Securing that money could be an uphill battle . While California 's budget landscape is far more stable than it was in the recession , Gov . Jerry Brown has projected a $ 1.6-billion shortfall in the coming budget year . The proposal is also competing for cash with several other proposals to combat college costs .
“ While helping graduates that have borne the cost of their higher education through private loans is reasonable , the committee may wish to consider whether policy should focus on expansion of need-based aid programs or other types of financial assistance , ” noted an analysis by the Senate committee on education , which approved the measure earlier this month . The bill will be considered by the Senate panel on banking and finance next week .
Debbie Cochrane , vice president of the Institute for College Access and Success , said the refinancing effort may not have as much impact as other measures to make college less costly .
“ Decreasing an interest rate by a half a percentage point is unlikely to make or break anyone 's payment , ” Cochrane said . “ What we need to be focused on is how do we keep students from needing to borrow private loans in the first place by supplying them with more need-based grant aid , or giving them more information on how to avoid private loans . ”
Cochrane also noted that by limiting eligibility to a small pool of borrowers — those who have completed their degree and are continuously employed — the proposal excludes those most burdened by debt .
“ When you think about who 's struggling with debt , it always comes down to students who did n't complete their program , '' Cochrane said . “ These borrowers would be precluded from benefiting under the bill . ”
Allen acknowledged his proposal was limited to those with attractive borrowing profiles — people with good credit history , a job and a degree .
Angelina Jolie will premiere her new Khmer Rouge survivor movie for a royal audience , including Cambodia 's King Norodom Sihamoni .
The Oscar-winning actress-turned-director is set to debut First They Killed My Father at a special screening at the historic Angkor Wat temple on Saturday , and the event will be attended by the country 's ruler and the Queen Mother , Norodom Monineath Sihanouk .
A number of top government representatives will also check out the film , according to officials overseeing the archaeological site .
Two other screens will also be set up near the area for a free public viewing , reports the Associated Press .
First They Killed My Father , Jolie 's latest film as a director , is based on Cambodian author and human rights activist Loung Ung 's tale of survival during the Khmer Rouge genocide in the late 1970s .
The star returned to Cambodia , where she previously adopted her 15-year-old son Maddox from an orphanage in 2002 , to prepare for the drama in 2015 , when she received the support of Cambodian premier Hun Sen .
Jolie met the Prime Minister , a former mid-ranking Khmer Rouge member , in Phnom Penh to discuss the importance of adapting the story . After he defected , he became an outspoken member of then-leader Pol Pot 's opposition .
Following their meeting , the Prime Minister 's spokesman , Eang Sophalleth , told reporters , “ The film reflects facts in Cambodia and will be a way for younger generations to understand the country . ”
First They Killed My Father will be released via online streaming site Netflix later this year .
The movie 's launch will provide a welcome distraction for Jolie , who is currently adjusting to life as a single mother of six , following her split from husband Brad Pitt in September .
Source : : WENN – Blog
Spread Love : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
Google
More
Email
PARKER , Fla. ( AP ) Florida police arrested a couple for allegedly using “ malicious ” methods to punish children .
Dannie Lee Bullock , 33 , and Amber Nicole Waldrop , 31 , had been investigated for allegedly using a stun gun to shock one child and forcing the child to eat dog feces , according to police reports in Parker , which is just outside of Panama City .
Officers wrote in arrest reports that three other children in the Florida Panhandle home witnessed the “ malicious punishment . ”
The children 's ages were n't released . Police said Bullock and Waldrop lived with the four children , but the reports did n't say how the children were related .
The News Herald reports the couple appeared in Bay County court Thursday on charges of aggravated child abuse , child neglect and drug possession .
Bullock and Waldrop each were held on $ 47,500 bail . Jail records did n't show whether they had attorneys .
PARIS—Survivors and families of victims of the deadly 2015 attack on Paris ' Bataclan concert hall have brought a case before France 's administrative court to find out why French soldiers stationed nearby were ordered not to intervene when Daesh gunmen stormed the venue .
The new procedure Wednesday seeks to expose who was responsible in the French government for the soldiers ' actions . It comes one month after victims filed a legal complaint with the same goal .
Inglewood 's City Council will vote Tuesday on a revised deal with a Clippers-controlled company to shrink the four-block area where the team could build an arena so residences and a church are n't displaced .
The reworked agreement , quietly added to the meeting 's agenda after it was first posted online Friday , follows protests by worried residents and at least two lawsuits related to the potential project .
The City Council approved the original deal with Murphy 's Bowl LLC during a special meeting in June , then greenlighted the deal again in July because of questions about whether proper notice was given for the first meeting . The agreement outlined a four-block area where the arena , practice facility , team headquarters and parking could be constructed — and broached the possibility of using eminent domain to acquire some of the property .
The impacted area is home to an estimated 2,000 to 4,000 people with a median income around $ 30,000 , as well as the Inglewood Southside Christian Church .
The new agreement eliminates the possibility of removing single-family homes and apartment buildings and narrows the possible arena area to two blocks along West Century Avenue . They 're occupied by a variety of businesses , including the family-owned Rodeway Inn and Suites , a warehouse used by UPS , Church 's Chicken and an auto detailing shop . The deal also includes about six acres of city-owned land along West 102nd Street , butting up against the church and apartment buildings in addition to more city-owned land off South Prairie Avenue .
The agreement leaves open the possibility of acquiring property for the arena through eminent domain “ provided such parcel of real property is not an occupied residence or church . ”
Inglewood Mayor James T. Butts Jr. told The Times last week that he would n't support any effort to use eminent domain on residences or the church .
The agenda item and new agreement do n't offer an explanation for why the residential areas were included in the original site map or explain what led to the change , other than it came “ as a consequence of certain clarifications and proposed modifications … requested by the parties . ”
The negotiating agreement between Inglewood and the Clippers-controlled company runs for 36 months .
CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas . Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas . CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas . Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas . CAPTION The Times ' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams ' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys . Their discussion includes Sean McVay 's first game as coach , quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo . The Times ' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams ' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys . Their discussion includes Sean McVay 's first game as coach , quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo . CAPTION Receiver Sammy Watkins , who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week , arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline . Receiver Sammy Watkins , who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week , arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline . CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas . Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas . CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas . Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas .
nathan.fenno @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ nathanfenno
ALSO
Possible Clippers arena has many Inglewood residents worried they may lose their homes or businesses
Sam Farmer : 'From a fan standpoint , this is great : ' Commissioner Roger Goodell and Chargers fans get a first look at the NFL 's smallest stadium
Watch LaVar Ball lose to Ice Cube in a four-point shootout at Staples Center
You came in your dozens yesterday to react to the news that Walkers Crisps may be discontinuing a popular flavour from its range .
So that got us thinking - what would your dream crisp flavour be ? We asked , and you answered . Here are some of your best suggestions - ranging from a North East snack staple , to a popular alcohol tipple . Enjoy - and do n't forget to add yours in the comments .
Royal Horticultural Society ( RHS ) has found through its partnership with schools that children who get digging and watering build life skills such as confidence , teamwork and communication . Gardening for children is also closely linked to feelings of well-being . The healthcare think tank The King 's Fund produced the report Gardening and Health in 2016 , which found that most qualitative studies in this area reported positive well-being effects on children , including in terms of personal achievement , pride and empowerment through growing food and being involved in gardening . For children with learning or behavioural difficulties , fulfilling non-academic tasks and roles seemed to be particular sources of achievement and worth . They also found gardens to be “ peaceful places ” conducive to meditation .
Courtesy telegraph
Rabbit Cafe Hops Into Hong Kong Spotlight
Rabbitland is Hong Kong 's first rabbit-filled establishment , but not the first in the world . Japan has its very own rabbit-inspired coffee shop in Okunoshima . Ricky Lam , the founder of Rabbitland Cafe , visited that establishment last year and decided a similar concept would thrive in Hong Kong . Nearly two months after its premiere , the owner is rolling in carrots and cash . The 150-seat cafe averages nearly 7,000 visitors per day . It continues the trend of animal themed cafes in Asia , including cat cafes and sheep cafes . The appeal , not surprisingly , is the rabbits . Lam has adopted and rescued over two dozen of the furry hopping animals . Customers love being able to pet the rabbits while enjoying tea , coffee , and pastries . Already famous in the city are the restaurant 's egg tarts . In addition to attracting those looking for good fare , there are those looking to relax and decide if purchasing a rabbit of their own is a good idea . Frequently , young children accompany their parents to prove they would be responsible bunny owners .
Courtesy Weird Asia
Published in Young Nation magazine on November 26 , 2017
Guatemala : A strong 6.9 magnitude earthquake hit Guatemala and southern Mexico , killing five people , causing power outages , and knocking down homes , officials said .
The epicenter was about 156 kilometers ( 97 miles ) west of Guatemala city in the department of San Marcos , the Institute of Seismology said .
The tremor was felt across most of the country on Thursday , including the capital , as well as in neighboring Mexico , according to Guatemala 's National Coordinator for Disaster Reduction .
After reports of two deaths initially , three more people died of heart attacks sustained during the quake .
Video footage aired by rescue teams showed collapsed homes in western Guatemala , especially ones made of mud and straw in this poor Central American country .
Institute of Seismology spokesman Julio Sanchez said a 5.6-magnitude aftershock hit across the border in Mexico minutes after the quake .
In the southeastern Mexican state of Chiapas , 11 people were treated for injuries . Twenty houses and five schools were damaged , state officials said .
Guatemala is in a risk zone for tremors , located where the Caribbean Cocos tectonic plates converge with North America 's tectonic plates .
San Marcos was hit by earthquakes in 2012 and 2014 that left dozens dead .
The Correctional Service of Canada credits the “ vigilance ” of staff at Agassiz 's Mountain Institution for preventing a large delivery of contraband nicotine patches from reaching the prison population earlier this month .
On May 22 , the CSC says guards at the medium security federal institution seized a package that included nicotine patches valued at $ 11,050 .
The Correctional Service of Canada says it uses a number of tools to prevent drugs from entering its institution , including ion scanners and drug-sniffing dogs .
You might also like :
Katainen views that the area 's preparedness has improved following the adoption of instruments such as the stability mechanism but concedes that it is another question entirely whether the structures are sufficient and whether they can utilise effectively .
The euro area is clearly better equipped than before to react to the possible escalation of another eurozone crisis , Jyrki Katainen , a Vice-President at the European Commission , has stated to Kauppalehti .
“ It all starts with the member state 's determination and ability to take action , ” he reminded in an interview with the business-oriented newspaper on Wednesday .
Katainen declined , however , to comment specifically on the political situation in Italy , arguing that doing so would not promote “ positive development ” .
Concerns about a full-blown financial crisis in the eurozone have re-emerged this week due to the continuing political turmoil and prospect of snap elections in Italy , the fourth-biggest economy in the European Union .
Italian President Sergio Mattarella on Sunday vetoed the nomination of Paolo Savona , a euro-sceptic ex-official at the Bank of Italy , as the country 's finance minister in a move that led to the collapse the coalition talks between the populist winners of the general elections , the Lega Nord and Five-Star Movement . The country has been without a government since the general elections in March .
On Monday , Mattarella appointed Carlo Cottarelli , an ex-director at the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , to re-start the coalition talks in a bid to form an interim government . The Lega Nord and Five-Star Movement , however , have announced they will reject the nomination in the Italian Parliament .
Cottarelli has said he will hold new general elections by early next year , possibly as early as in September .
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo : John Thys – AFP/Lehtikuva
Source : Uusi Suomi
New Delhi : The Delhi government 's Anti-Corruption Branch ( ACB ) has launched a probe into AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan 's complaints , including one against Congress leader Haroon Yusuf , alleging corruption in the functioning of the Delhi Waqf Board , officials said .
The anti-graft body has written to the Delhi Waqf Board , asking it to provided files and papers related to Khan 's allegations , a senior official of the waqf board said .
The official said that the ACB has also handed over a questionnaire to the waqf board based on Khan 's complaints , seeking details of the issues raised .
`` The papers are being sorted and queries are being replied as has been sought by the ACB , '' he said .
A senior official of the ACB also confirmed the development , without giving details .
Khan in his complaint to Delhi government 's Directorate of Vigilance , in September 2016 , had alleged that Yusuf , who was the waqf board chairman from 1999-2004 , had continued to use the services of a waqf Bbard driver named Rafique even after he became a minister and the board bore all his expenses , including salary .
`` By illegal and unlawful taking over of the employee of Delhi Waqf Board in his personal service , Haroon Yusuf converted a valuable resource of the waqf board into his own personal use thereby causing wrongful gain to himself and loss to the board , '' Khan had alleged in his complaint .
His other complaints pertain to leasing of waqf board 's 62-bigha land at Punjab Khod near Narela at lower prices and hoarding of contracts causing `` huge losses '' to the the waqf board .
Yusuf served as the waqf board chairman before he was made the power minister in the Sheila Dikshit government in 2005 .
Published :
The National Leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) , Bola Ahmed Tinubu , on Tuesday banned members who had spent a minimum of eight years as a ward , council and state executive members from seeking re-election in its May congresses . The former Lagos state governor made the announcement in Ikeja while addressing party members at a stakeholders meeting .
The APC leader noted that the directive was to allow new people occupy party offices at the ward , local government and state levels with a view to taking the APC to the next level in the state . Tinubu said : “ We fought hard against tenure elongation , and now we are going to have our congresses . “ Some of you who have spent two , three , four terms as ward , local government and state executive members , it is time to go .
“ We thank you , we appreciate you . But we want you to step aside . It is time for those who have been crawling for years to walk . It is time for the youths to take over . “ I mean if you have spent eight years , twelve years , you have tried . You should give us chance , let us now have new people. ” He , however , said party executive members who had only spent one term were free to seek re-election , provided they did not have records of misconduct in office .
With Tuesday 's pronouncement by Tinubu , the chairman of the party in the state , Chief Henry Ajomale , who had led the chapter for a very long period , will be unable to seek re-election .
Share This
US President Donald Trump will dispatch his top diplomatic and military advisers to Pakistan in the coming weeks , turning up the heat on the nuclear-armed nation which has been accused of harbouring terror groups that strike India and Afghanistan.Weeks after Trump angrily accused Islamabad of providing safe haven to `` agents of chaos , '' Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to depart for Pakistan late this month . He will be followed by Secretary of Defence Jim Mattis , US and Pakistani sources said.The one-two punch is designed to drill home Trump 's message that Pakistani state support for jihadist groups has to end , according to officials briefed on the visits.Washington has long been frustrated by Pakistan 's willingness to offer cross-border safe havens to Taliban factions and armed Islamist groups fighting US troops and their Afghan allies.The relationship reached the breaking point in 2011 , when president Barack Obama sent commandos into Pakistan in 2011 to kill Al Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden , who was living in a military garrison town.With little change since then , Trump came to office indicating that Washington 's frustration had reached the point where something had to give . `` We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting , '' he said an August address.But in the six weeks since Trump signalled that tougher tone , there have been precious few signs that the calculus in South Asia has changed.Mattis told Congress this week that he will try `` one more time '' to `` see if we can make this work . `` `` To this point , we have not seen any impact on military-to military-relations , '' said one Pentagon official , suggesting any change would not happen after Mattis ' visit.Visiting Washington , Pakistan 's foreign minister Khawaja Asif appeared unwavering.He lashed out at `` hollow allegations '' about Pakistan harbouring terrorists as `` not acceptable . `` `` That is not the way you talk to 70-year-old friends , '' Asif said bitterly . `` Instead of accusations and threats , we should cooperate with each other for the peace in the region , '' he said while confirming Tillerson 's visit.While professing anger in public , Pakistani officials in private complain about receiving no concrete requests to target the Haqqani network or other groups.US officials have been reticent to share some intelligence for fear of tipping off targets with links inside Pakistan 's government.Earlier this month , a US drone killed three suspected militants in an attack on a compound in Pakistan 's tribal region.Pakistani officials also complain of receiving mixed messages from the Trump administration , which is still struggling to find its feed under a mercurial commander-in-chief.A September meeting in New York between Vice-President Mike Pence and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi was said to be cordial , despite Trump 's fire and brimstone rhetoric . `` It was a very good meeting with the vice-president , '' said Asif.After that , Pakistan officials said , they were surprised at a tougher tone outlined in public by Mattis and in private by Trump 's National Security Adviser HR McMaster .
Posted Today , 06:44 PM
https : //www.ebay.com ... 0|5374 : Featured
Seller is Antonline
Choice of Overwatch GotY or Ghost Recon Wildlands
Free Shipping , no Tax for most .
Good deal if you missed out on that $ 400 Newegg on eBay deal the other day , which I did .
It seems that new Cal assistant coach Chase Kreitler is , by all accounts , settling in well in his new home of Berkeley , California . With over a month since being announced Cal 's new assistant after the departure of Yuri Sugiyama to Wisconsin , undergrads , post grads , and head coach Dave Durden are all singing their praise for the job Chase has done acclimating to the golden bear way thus far .
Of Kreitler 's arrival on campus , rising senior Mike Thomas shared that during the interview process , there was a group of 5-6 men who would ask all of the candidates questions about their coaching philosophy and vision for the team moving forward . Thomas states that about 15 minutes into the team 's meeting with Chase , they could see many similarities between Chase and Yuri , and they knew he was their guy .
Post grad Josh Prenot says that Kreitler 's coaching style is n't too dissimilar from that of Yuri 's : the two coaches are both very technique oriented , with Kreitler already implementing some of his freestyle methods within the Cal team . Durden has expressed his satisfaction with the assortment of high level swimming experiences Chase has had , including coaching positions at CSU Bakersfield ( 2009-2011 ) Eastern Michigan ( 2011-2013 ) , LSU ( 2013-2016 ) , Texas men ( 2016-2018 ) and Stanford women ( April-May 2018 ) . Durden expressed he can see this amalgam of experiences has helped Kreitler shape his own coaching philosophy and vocabulary , which has in turn led to building better relationships with the athletes .
A Nunavut man has died while protecting his children from a polar bear .
Relatives say thirty-one-year-old Aaron Gibbons was on an island about 10 kilometres from the hamlet of Arviat along the west coast of Hudson Bay with his children when the bear attacked .
READ MORE : Mantario Trail partly closed following bear attack
Gibbons ' uncle says his nephew urged the girls to run to their boat for safety while he put himself in front of the bear .
Hamlet residents heard the girls ' panicked cries for help over the CB radio .
The girls were rescued safely .
Many in the hamlet stood on the beach under the midnight sun to greet Gibbons ' body as it was brought home .
READ MORE : Polar bear behaviour previously unknown to researchers captured on body cam collars
The bear was destroyed .
Investigators are on the way to Arviat to get information on its condition .
The fatal bear attack Tuesday was the first in Nunavut since 2000 .
A Hartlepool woman has been jailed after she 's admitting stealing more than £17,000 from the charity where she used to work .
Joanne Fairless was employed as a manager by Hart Gables - a charity which provides services to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people from its offices in Hartlepool , Stockton , and Middlesbrough .
A previous hearing at Teesside Magistrates ' Court heard Fairless raised false invoices and pocketed the cash by diverting payments to herself and her nephew .
Magistrates were told 23 cheques were raised for a total of £13,273 which was paid into her account .
Invoices were also raised for £3,950 which was paid into a family members ' account .
Hart Gables is run by a team who dedicate their time to making sure that the local LGBT community has access to a friendly and professional network .
Bosses at the charity say Fairless ' theft has had a “ devastating impact ” on the organisation .
Lynn Dalton , prosecuting , said : “ An investigation found this defendant had raised invoices for work not done to a value of £3,950 .
“ Payments were made to an account held by her nephew .
“ It was also found Fairless had raised 23 cheques to a value of £13,273 , which were paid directly to her account . ”
Fairless , of Lamberd Road , Hartlepool , admitted theft between March , 2016 , and May of last year .
At a hearing at Teesside Crown Court she was given eight months imprisonment and four months concurrent respectively .
Following the case Tracey Herrington , chairman of Hart Gables , said : “ We feel very disappointed that a member of our team showed so much disrespect for Hart Gables and its work .
“ However , the remaining team members are united in putting this behind us and carrying on positively in our work to support the North East LGBT community .
“ We thank our service users , volunteers and supporters from across the community who continue to support us enthusiastically in the aftermath of the actions of one individual . ”
Indian Discus Thrower Krishna Poonia was recently on her way to a tournament in Churu District 's Sadanpur , and that 's when the Delhi CWG ( 2010 ) winner saw two 15-year-old girls being harassed by three drunk men on a bike .
Krishna told JWB , “ The girls were shivering , and extremely scared . I immediately got out of my car and ran towards the girls . Two of the three men escaped , even through the closed railway crossing , and I managed to get hold of the third one . Then I did what had to be done . ”
A dhishoom here and a dhishoom there sure gave the culprit the swollen face he deserved . Krishna added that she was worried the little girls would be forbidden to move out of their homes .
“ In most villages , even today , it is assumed that if a girl is eve-teased , molested or even raped , it is her own fault . In short , victim blaming is persistent . ”
The police station was two minutes away from the crime scene , and yet after she called the police twice , did they come and acknowledge the situation .
The culprit defended himself by saying , “ I did n't grope her ! I just touched… ” and that 's when Krishna interrupted with a slap and said , “ How dare you even touch her ? ”
Later , Krishna explained to the parents that the little girls were not at fault . She communicated to the families why the freedom of the little girls should not have been compromised .
Krishna has recently joined politics with an intention of empowering women , girls , the welfare of children in Rajasthan , as well as keeping a check on crime . Well , Krishna , I do n't know about Politics , but your brave action is definitely a slap in the face of criminals around the world . Literally .
How inspiring ! Know why self-defence is important , ladies ?
John B. Shulze , 93 , passed away peacefully surrounded by his loving family on March 12 , 2018 . He was born May 22 , 1924 , to John ( Jack ) and Irene ( McEachern ) Shulze . John married the love of his life Lois Ittel , on May 28 , 1949 .
John will be dearly missed by his children , Michael Shulze , Laurel Shulze , Roberta ( Scott ) Connor , Kevin Shulze , Kathleen ( Kurt ) Clausing , Maureen ( Scott ) Bretsch , and Eric ( Christa Nitsche ) Shulze ; and his adoring grandchildren , Michael ( Abby ) , Kristopher , and Jonathan Whisler , Jacob Weber , Zachary and William Bretsch , Heather and John Roderick Shulze . His great grandchildren , Bailey , Elizabeth , Connor , Katie , Kamrein , Rylee , Tyler and Cole had the honor of getting to know “ gpa ” John .
John was preceded in death by his wife Lois Shulze ; his sister Maryann Smith , his son Roderick Shulze , and his parents .
There will be a celebration of John 's life on March 24 , 2018 , at St. Mary 's Catholic Church , 837 Parkview Drive in Milton . Visitation will be from 9:30 to 10:20 a.m. , with a memorial mass at 10:30 a.m . There will be a luncheon in the church fellowship hall immediately following the service .
In lieu of flowers , memorials to Mercy Hospice Care in Janesville are suggested .
Integrity Funerals Services is serving the family . Well-wishers may visit www.integrityfunerals.net
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Guillermo del Toro 's Cold War-era fairytale “ The Shape of Water ” swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes , while the HBO drama “ Big Little Lies ” led the television nominees with six nods .
In what is seen as a wide-open Oscar race so far , several films followed closely behind “ The Shape of Water , ” including Steven Spielberg 's Pentagon Papers drama “ The Post , ” with six nominations including the best actress for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks . Martin McDonagh 's “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” also got a major boost with six nominations , including the best actress for Frances McDormand .
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood 's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape , the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott 's J. Paul Getty drama “ All the Money in the World. ” Christopher Plummer , who has replaced Kevin Spacey in the film , was nominated for best supporting actor . Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best supporting actress .
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which puts on the Globes . Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey , who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men .
The nominees for best picture drama are : “ Call Me By Your Name , ” ” Dunkirk , ” ” The Post , ” The Shape of Water ” and “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri . ”
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are : “ The Disaster Artist , ” ” Get Out , ” ” Lady Bird , ” ” The Greatest Showman , ” and “ I , Tonya . ”
The awards were announced from Beverly Hills , California , after a week of still-burning fires have ravaged Southern California . The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes , with the blazes even entering the nearby neighborhood of Bel Air .
The Globes have n't traditionally predicted the Oscars , but they did last January . The Globes best-picture winners — “ Moonlight ” and “ La La Land ” — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars , with “ Moonlight ” emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub . The press association , which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for oddball choices , is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists .
The last Globes broadcast , hosted by Jimmy Fallon , averaged 20 million viewers , an upswing of 8 percent , according to Nielsen . This year , Fallon 's NBC late-night partner , Seth Meyers , will host the January 7 ceremony .
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen . Last year 's honoree , Streep , spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump , shortly before his inauguration , leading him to criticize the actress as “ overrated. ” This year , she — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama , “ The Post , ” about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
SYDNEY - Fast bowler James Pattinson was Tuesday ruled out of the Prime Minister 's XI in a T20 game against Sri Lanka with a foot infection , Cricket Australia ( CA ) said Tuesday . The 26-year-old had been hoping to get more matches under his belt to be in contention for Australia 's Test side for the Ashes late this year . `` Pattinson flew with the team to Canberra , however a left foot infection will prevent him from being fit to bowl , '' CA said . `` He will be replaced in the squad by emerging New South Wales bowler Harry Conway . ''
MUSKEGON , Mich. ( WOOD ) – Police are investigating after a noose was found hanging from a piece of playground equipment at a Muskegon elementary school on Sunday .
Police were alerted about the noose at Glenside Early Childhood Center 's playground around 7:45 p.m. after a local man posted a picture of it on Facebook , a Muskegon Police Department release said .
After officers went to the playground and could n't find the noose , they contacted Muskegon Public Schools and learned the district had removed it from the equipment earlier that day , according to the release . The noose is now in police possession .
Monday , Muskegon Public Schools sent a letter to parents and employees regarding the incident . It read :
Dear Parents and Staff , By now you may have heard about a noose discovered at our Glenside Elementary School playground yesterday morning . A Head Start teacher found it , immediately called her supervisor , took a photo for the supervisor , and took it down right away . Surveillance video is being examined to determine who put it there . There were no other unusual events at Glenside or at any other school facilities . Today , Head Start staff reported to Glenside for their first day of work as planned . Glenside Elementary School houses ten early childhood classrooms , offices , and adult education classes . School will resume on Tuesday , September 5 . “ This symbol does not belong in a place of learning and will not be tolerated by our district or the surrounding community. ” said Superintendent Justin Jennings . ”
Anyone with information should contact Muskegon police at 231.724.6750 or Silent Observer at 231.722.7463 .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
# dearcatcallers # catcalling # catcallers # feminism A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Aug 29 , 2017 at 6:29am PDT
# dearcatcallers `` weheeee horny girl '' A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 21 , 2017 at 4:11pm PDT
# dearcatcallers `` meisjeeeeee ! '' * gefluit * / Girlllllllll ! * whistling * A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 22 , 2017 at 7:42am PDT
# dearcatcallers `` I know what I would do with you , baby '' A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 27 , 2017 at 12:58pm PDT
# dearcatcallers `` Babyyyyyyyy ! THANKYOU '' * blowkiss * ( slide ➡️ ) A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 20 , 2017 at 12:11pm PDT
# dearcatcallers `` baby ! Baby ! * whisting * '' A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 16 , 2017 at 10:43am PDT
# dearcatcallers * giggling + two thumbs up * softy whispers `` yess bonita '' A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 11 , 2017 at 12:22am PDT
`` Ey sexy Chiquita ! A donde vas sola ? /Ey sexygirl , Where are you going alone ? '' # dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 5 , 2017 at 4:05pm PDT
# dearcatcallers ... after following me for straight 10 minutes `` sexy girl Where you 're goin ' ? ? Can I come with you ? '' ... A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Aug 29 , 2017 at 6:33am PDT
Classic 2.0 `` psssst , whoooooop , Can he have your number ? '' # dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 12 , 2017 at 10:11am PDT
`` Wohoo look ! * laughing and loud whistling * `` # dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 7 , 2017 at 3:21am PDT
# dearcatcallers `` hmmmm you wan na kiss ? '' A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 14 , 2017 at 8:32am PDT
# dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers ( @ dearcatcallers ) on Sep 30 , 2017 at 9:47am PDT
Women safety is an issue that persists all across the world . Whether they are online , on the street or even at home , women are subjected to lewd comments , harassment , and misbehaviour from the men they encounter in their lives.No woman likes being catcalled on the streets ( something that our own Bollywood has romanticised for decades ) by men who yell , pass comments , make noises , whistle or worse follow them.A 20-year-old Amsterdam-based student Noa Jansma who was clearly fed up of being harassed and catcalled on the streets decided to do something about it . Jansma started taking selfies for a month with all the creeps she came across on the streets and uploaded them on her Instagram account @ dearcatcallers Titled `` dearcatcallers : It 's not a compliment , '' Jansma 's project is to throw light on how common the street harassment is. # dearcatcallers , it 's not a compliment.This Instagram has the aim to create awareness about the objectification of women in daily life.Since many people still do n't know how often and in whatever context 'catcalling ' happens , I 'll be showing my catcallers within the period of one month.By making the selfie , both the objectifier and the object are assembled in one composition . Myself , as the object , standing in front of the catcallers represents the reversed power ratio which is caused by this project.Please join me in the fight and post your own # dearcatcallers or send me a DMAnd the most disturbing part of this project ? The men who catcalled her had a grin on their faces , while some used the `` opportunity '' to wrap their arms around her while she stood with a straight face taking the selfie.She has posted 24 photos on her Instagram account while captioning them with the comments passed by the harassers.My month of posts has ended , but it does n't mean that catcallers are in the past as well.To show that it 's a global phenomenon and that this art-project is not only about me , I 'll pass on the account to different girls around the world . This will be a process that will take some time , so please stay tuned.I would also like to remember you that is still possible to send in your own # dearcatcallers postThankyou for all the support and messages.It has made it clear that catcalling is still a common occurrence that many of us are dealing with.From January 1st , 2018 , catcalling will be punishable by law in Jansma 's native Netherlands , and violators will be subject to fines of up to 190 euros ( $ 220 ) . Hope other countries follow the suit .
The dad who had three daughters abused by Nassar tries to attack the doctor in court
A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected his request to confront the “ demon ” in a locked room , a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children .
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney , tackled by sheriff 's deputies and hauled out of court . He later apologized , saying he had lost control . Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “ no way ” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers .
“ I do n't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom . I ca n't imagine that , ” the judge said .
Nonetheless , she added , it is “ not acceptable that we combat assault with assault . ”
“ I can not tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , ” Cunningham said .
RELATED : U.S. gymnastics doctor faces another sentence , victims return to court
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar , who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment . This case focuses on his work at Twistars , an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing . It follows a hearing last week where Nassar , 54 , was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home .
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties , but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during Nassar 's decades of work at Michigan State , Twistars and USA Gymnastics , which trains Olympians . More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties , and at least 80 per cent have agreed to be publicly identified .
Margraves ' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes . Lauren Margraves , a college student , said her parents were “ filled with regret ” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries .
RELATED : U.S. gymnastics doctor sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison
“ I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they ca n't , ” she told Nassar . “ The guilt they have will never go away . All this is because of you . ”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “ five minutes in a locked room with this demon. ” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “ one minute. ” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar .
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom . Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “ use your words , ” not violence .
“ This is letting him have this power over us , ” she said . “ We can not behave like this . ”
During a return to court , Margraves told the judge that he just snapped . He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse .
“ I look over here and Larry Nassar 's shaking his head , no , like it did n't happen . … I 'm embarrassed , ” Margraves said of his conduct . “ I 'm not here to upstage my daughters . I 'm here to help them heal . ”
About 30 more people spoke in person , by video or had statements read after the incident . The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor , defence and Nassar , followed by the judge 's sentence . Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison in this case .
Outside court , Melissa Alexander Vigogne , who travelled from France to speak , said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier .
“ It 's not that that 's how we should respond . But it 's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we 've all gone through , ” Vigogne said of Margraves ' actions .
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor .
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar . Cunningham called Shannon Smith 's remarks “ unfortunate ” and said Nassar did not authorize them .
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “ really unfortunate ” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention . Nassar released a statement saying Smith 's comments were a distraction and that his accusers ' remarks “ have pierced my soul . ”
RELATED : Governor orders criminal probe of Texas gymnastics ranch
Many of Nassar 's accusers have blamed Michigan State , USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him . The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation . And the co-ordinator of the women 's national team for USA Gymnastics , Valeri Liukin , said he was stepping down .
Nassar soon will be under three prison sentences . His first , 60 years in a federal prison , was ordered in December for child pornography crimes .
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
The Jadavpur University ( JU ) , which is at the centre of a row over its decision to involve ‘ external experts ' in the admission procedure , has decided to not conduct entrance tests in six undergraduate arts courses this academic session.The decision was taken in Wednesday 's executive council meeting amid uproar over the university 's decision to engage ‘ external experts ' to set one of the two sets of question papers for entrance tests in six undergraduate arts courses — English , Comparative Literature , History , Political Science , Philosophy and Bangla.A section of university professors felt that the decision to appoint ‘ external experts ' was “ humiliating ” and “ unwanted ” .After the meeting , a section of JU students allegedly confined vice-chancellor Suranjan Das to his office.Speaking exclusively to News18 , Das said , “ This time we have decided to grant admission based on higher secondary marks and merit . There will be no entrance tests . This is not my decision . This decision was taken in the meeting . But unfortunately , a section of the students confined me. ” He added , “ This is unfortunate and an undemocratic way of protesting . My question is what role do the existing students have in this issue ? They have every right to express their concern but this is not the right way to do it . I do n't think this ever happened in any part of the world in any university . This decision was unanimous. ” However , disagreeing with the decision , president of Jadavpur University Teachers Association ( JUTA ) , Keshav Bhattacharya said , “ Scrapping the entrance tests will lead to discontent among professors , students , scholars , guardians and applicants. ” He said , “ We are not aware of the admission process for next year . We believe that the admission process can not and should not be continued without the involvement of teachers of the departments and schools . Hiring of external experts is not acceptable to us . We request the council to resolve the issue and decide an academically desirable mode of admission that includes teachers who have , year after year , proved the success of the system. ” Dr Abhijit Gupta , professor in the department of English , said : “ The entrance examination for English ( nearly 4,500 applicants ) was supposed to happen next Wednesday . All the tests were to be held between July 11 and 14 . Preparations were almost done and this decision is very unfortunate. ” He added , “ Now it ( admission ) will be like a lottery . I do n't know how they will judge applicants . Entrance test was the most transparent way to get admission in JU . We did this for the last 40 years and there was no single complaint before . It was a tried and tested process and everybody was satisfied . I do n't know why the higher ups at the university have decided to appoint external experts to select questions . This is not going to work and I think there are some motives behind such decisions . ”
The crime is mounting rapidly around the world .
It retains numerous species such as street crime , target killing , misdemeanour , felonies , money laundering , intellectual property crime , currency counterfeiting and so on .
Furthermore , financial and high-tech crimes—currency counterfeit , computer virus attacks , payment card fraud—can affect all levels of society .
Currency counterfeiting and money laundering have the potential to destabilise national economies and threaten global security , as these activities are sometimes used by terrorists and other dangerous criminals to finance their activities or conceal their profits .
On the other hand , corruption undermines political , social , and economic stability .
It threatens security—damages trust and public confidence in systems which affect people 's daily lives .
Although corruption frequently occurs at local and national levels , its consequences are global ; its hidden cost immense .
Corruption is a multifaceted phenomenon supported by differing historical and socio-economic condition in many countries .
It exists at all level of security .
Corruption remains rampant in many countries , continuing to siphon off valuable resources and economic gains .
Corruption is a manifestation of institutional weakness , poor ethical standards , skewed incentives and insufficient enforcement .
In reality , myriad misdemeanour crimes are never registered by some officials .
With that reason , such crimes often take place in society .
Poverty and unemployment are the main reasons behind every crime and it compels the masses to commit it .
In numerous countries , poverty is a massive issue .
Half of the population are under the poverty line .
Some foreign elements exploit them and use them in their nefarious plots .
Before indulging in criminal activities , they are innocent .
They are used in the wrong direction by offering them a chunk of money and then the tasked would accomplish by scathe means .
Unemployment , on the other side , is the another hurdle in the prosperity and development of the countries .
Unemployed people can do anything – instead , it is right or wrong , owing to their compulsions .
Few people are on daily wages and rest are on contractual basis .
The problem is the same for both the categories .
Sometimes the law and order situation in the country bar them from going to perform duty and on the other side , the transition in the climate give them up from going to their work .
The question arises , how to control crime and how to allow prosperity in societies and how to develop the mindset of the people in the right direction and how could the countries more develop and sustained among the other prosperous and developed nations ?
Few suggestions are proffered .
First , Police should be depoliticized and to give a complete constitutional right to act against crooked individuals in compliance with the law .
Because , the police are the basic source of protection from crime .
It must be reform befittingly .
Second , unemployment must be eradicated from society by offering cornucopia jobs opportunities – establish new industries – companies and to initiate the scant loan scheme to the low income and unemployed people could avail this opportunity .
Education for all – this slogan must materialise by giving the different learning opportunities to middle-class folks and by teaching and educate the new generation in befitting direction .
Educated people can comprehend the thing easier than the illiterate ones .
And the education certainly boosts up the awareness and hence the unlawful acts .
SYED WAQAR ALI ,
Karachi , July 28 .
Public affairs consultant Mitchell Schwartz 's decision to jump into the Los Angeles mayor 's race last year brought surprise and intrigue .
After all , Schwartz might be working alongside Eric Garcetti at City Hall if he were n't fundraising to replace him .
Both men are progressive Democrats who favor humanitarian and environmental causes , and they worked on various political campaigns to get Barack Obama into the White House .
As residents of Windsor Square , their social and professional lives also intersect . Former mayoral candidate Wendy Greuel , now one of Garcetti 's commissioners , attended Schwartz 's engagement party and he considers her a close friend .
Schwartz , a Queens native who has n't lost his New York bluntness , is n't concerned about political or other similarities with Garcetti .
His central campaign message is that the mayor has failed to reform the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power or address rising housing costs and other urgent issues .
“ I think we talk the same talk , ” Schwartz said , “ but I just do n't see him walking the walk . ”
Garcetti spokesman Yusef Robb accused Schwartz 's campaign of “ lacking any real ideas ” for Los Angeles and said the mayor has a proven track record on the issues , including the DWP .
A political strategist who 's worked for Walter Mondale , Michael Dukakis and Bill Clinton , Schwartz has emerged as the top fundraiser of the 10 candidates challenging Garcetti in the March 7 election .
With city matching funds , he hopes to have $ 350,000 to spend in the final weeks of the race , more than his rivals but far less than the mayor 's war chest of more than $ 2.4 million .
Frustrated that he 's been labeled a long shot by the news media , Schwartz cites Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders as another political underdog who upended a race with a theme of economic inequality .
Over a plate of baked ziti at a Larchmont restaurant , Schwartz asserted that L.A. , like San Francisco and New York , was losing its middle class and families because of rising housing prices .
“ Los Angeles is becoming more and more for the rich and poor , and the young and the old , ” Schwartz said . “ For a city to be truly great , you need all kinds of people . ”
The 56-year-old cites a favorite Hebrew phrase — “ tikkun olam ” — or `` repair of the world , '' which he says translates into “ if things are good for you , you have to give back . ”
Schwartz counts himself in that group . His three children go to private school , and he can afford to take a year off from his public affairs work to run for mayor .
With no endorsements and lacking exposure , the question is whether Schwartz 's low-profile campaign can affect Garcetti , who unrolled his own campaign TV spots last week .
“ It 's not even an uphill race , it 's a mountainous race for Schwartz , ” said Jaime Regalado , professor emeritus of political science at Cal State Los Angeles .
The last time an L.A. mayor faced a challenge at the polls , Antonio Villaraigosa received 56 % of the vote in the 2009 election in a field of 10 candidates . Independent Walter Moore garnered 26 % of the vote . It was hardly a groundswell of support for Villaraigosa .
Los Angeles is becoming more and more for the rich and poor , and the young and the old . — Mitchell Schwartz , candidate for mayor
Schwartz said his interest in running was sparked after a few friends , including public affairs consultant Matt Littman and Renewable Resources executive Cole Frates , urged him to challenge Garcetti .
With a small campaign staff , Schwartz is swinging by farmers markets , neighborhood council meetings and Metro stops . He hosted a Facebook Live event from his living room earlier this month to talk about the city 's Animal Services Department .
Schwartz , who has never held public office , is usually behind the scenes of campaigns . ( He can be seen in “ The War Room , ” a documentary about the 1992 Clinton campaign , where he discusses strategy . )
Valley Glen resident Kristi Kane knew nothing about Schwartz when she heard him talk about gentrification at a Windsor Square event last summer , but now plans to vote for him .
“ It 's getting like New York , ” Kane said of L.A. “ It just feels like we 're in an endless mode of saying ‘ yes ' to development . ”
Charles D'Atri , who lives several blocks away from Schwartz , ticked off a list of complaints that included potholes on Beverly Boulevard and unkempt fields at Pan Pacific Park to explain his support for his friend .
“ Mitchell did n't have to run for mayor , ” D'Atri said . “ He could have kept working for the Obamas of the world . But he understands the dysfunction with the city . ”
Robb , Garcetti 's spokesman , pointed to the mayor 's push for a tax credit to help the film and television industry and said the city 's higher minimum wage — another Garcetti initiative — will trickle up to the middle class .
More housing will ease home prices , Robb said , noting that Garcetti is halfway to his goal of adding 100,000 housing units .
Schwartz 's housing plan includes broad goals such as leveraging pension investments to pay for housing and reviewing the city 's commercial and industrial-zoned areas .
He 's not taking a position on Measure S , a ballot measure that would halt some development , calling it a “ distraction ” that does n't address affordable housing .
Standing outside DWP 's downtown headquarters last month , Schwartz called for an elected board of commissioners and a citizens oversight committee to increase transparency and accountability .
His criticism comes after he worked extensively with the DWP to develop a wind farm in Kern County and on a four-year green energy initiative .
“ I 've always felt that the DWP could do more , ” Schwartz said , explaining his recent attacks on the department . “ I thought I was part of the process to help them become a greener utility . We 've had some successes , but not enough . ”
With voter turnout expected to be low , broadening his support beyond those disaffected with City Hall and Garcetti remains a challenge for Schwartz .
Appearing on stage at an Echo Park club for a fundraiser last month , the candidate sounded apologetic as he addressed the crowd waiting to see headliner Spencer Ludwig .
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - Islamic State claimed responsibility on Wednesday for a knife and shooting attack in the Belgian city of Liege , but provided no evidence for its claim .
It said in an online statement a `` soldier of the caliphate '' had carried out the attack on Tuesday which killed two policewomen and a bystander .
Islamic State regularly claims attacks that are thought to be Islamist-inspired , often without providing any proof the group was involved .
( Reporting by Ali Abdelaty , John Davison ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
The Premier League has regained its swagger : England is a force again in European football , and it is Germany in decline .
England will be represented by a record five teams in the Champions League knockout phase . Germany is down to one , from four entrants at the start of the competition .
The cost controls UEFA hoped to prevent clubs going bankrupt have instead managed to hand the initiative on the pitch to the Premier League , fueled by the vast sums invested by British broadcasters in domestic and European competitions .
Premier League clubs are able to sign and retain top players , while also attracting the leading coaches in the game — including Jose Mourinho , Pep Guardiola and Antonio Conte .
Between 2005 and 2012 , England contributed the winner of the Champions League three times and the runner-up on a further five occasions .
But Spanish clubs have won the trophy in the last four seasons , with Madrid the two-time defending champions .
They know exactly what it takes to be European champions , and in Cristiano Ronaldo have the most prolific goal-scorer in the competition 's history .
The Spanish giants are another possible opponent for Neymar 's PSG , who are on a mission to erase the memory of their 6-1 hammering by Barcelona that eliminated them in the last 16 last season .
Other group runners-up were Shakhtar Donetsk , Sevilla , two-time former champions Porto and Basel , who have had some fine results against English sides in recent years .
First legs will be played on 13/14 and 20/21 February , with second legs on 6/7 and 13/14 March .
The draw will take place from noon 1100 GMT ( 430 IST ) at UEFA 's Nyon headquarters and will be followed by the the Europa League last 32 draw at 1200 GMT ( 530 IST ) .
With inputs from agencies
NT NETWORK
PANAJI
Director of a mining firm Arjun Salgaoncar was taken to the Goa Medical College and Hospital ( GMC ) , Bambolim , on Wednesday , after he complained of feeling uneasy during questioning by the Special Investigation Team ( SIT ) , probing the alleged multi-crore mining scam .
According to information , a SIT team on Wednesday brought Salgaoncar from his office at Altinho to Crime Branch , Ribandar for questioning in connection with the ongoing probe in the mining scam .
However , while the questioning was in progress , Salgaoncar complained of feeling uneasy , following which 108 ambulances was called and subsequently he was taken to the GMC . The police said that later Salgaoncar was shifted to a private hospital .
SIT officials claimed that directors of mining firms are being examined in connection with the main case pertaining to renewal and other alleged illegalities in which SIT is examining around 183 mining leases .
Earlier , the SIT had summoned and questioned some directors of mining firms in connection with the case . While the SIT is examining the role of Salgaoncar in the main case pertaining to illegal mining , a year ago it had filed chargesheet against Sameer and Arjun Salgaoncar in connection with an alleged illegal mining case .
.
particularly in the age of social media when the thread holding human relationships impair and get severed by the lure of random liaisons in the new digital media space .
No sooner than Ibori regained his freedom than Senami reappeared in his life and the country 's sociopolitical scene . It would be recalled that the fair-skinned University of Lagos graduate quit the social arena and vanished into thin air in the wake of her lover 's incarceration .
Senami attained prominence when the embattled former governor of Delta State patronized her , hauling her from total obscurity to prominence . Speculations are that she went into hiding in order not to be caught in the vortex of storms afflicting her former lover and benefactor .
The sight of Senami some days ago , belies that of a lady who has been through any kind of personal misfortune as she elicited infectious bliss and cheerfulness . At the backdrop of her re-emergence in the social scene , speculation abound about the true story behind Senami 's name change .
No one for sure knows how Nkoyo , James Ibori 's forst wife is taking this .
Senami was by ibori 's side throughout the thanksgiving recently held in Oghara , Delta State to celebrate his freedom after years in UK prison
Senami Sosu neither denied nor betrayed her heartthrob , James Ibori , through his trying period . Even though she is not his wife , Senami , the popular mistress of the embattled ex-Governor of Delta state , has remained loyal and true to Ibori through thick and thin.The ravishing beauty stayed true to Ibori while he served out his term in a United Kingdom prison . This is certainly a rare quality in a contemporary woman ,
During the presidential campaign , about the only common ground between billionaire conservative Charles Koch and Republican nominee Donald Trump was a colorful disregard for each other .
Koch complained the choice between Trump and Hillary Clinton was like opting for cancer or a heart attack . And Trump bashed big-money donors , deriding his Republican rivals as “ puppets ” who went knocking on Koch 's door for backing .
Not surprisingly , the Koch network largely sat out the 2016 presidential election and , Trump went on to win without them . Normally such a high-profile snub would carry a steep political price , shutting doors to the new administration .
But in recent months , Koch 's sprawling network of conservative advocacy groups has exerted surprising influence in the Trump administration , scoring some early accomplishments and pushing its priorities to the top of the White House agenda .
It started with the quick rollback of a dozen Obama-era environmental and labor regulations — a to-do list orchestrated by Koch-backed groups even before Trump was sworn into office .
By spring , the Koch-backed Concerned Veterans for America was instrumental in passage of the Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act , a long-fought Koch effort to make it easier to fire employees at the beleaguered Veterans Affairs department , providing a blueprint for how to make an end-run around civil service protections that could be replicated across other federal departments .
In July , the Kochs celebrated the official demise of the border-adjustment tax , a tax-reform proposal backed by House Speaker Paul D. Ryan that was bitterly opposed by many business groups , including the brothers . GOP congressional leaders and the White House announced that idea would not be part of the upcoming tax-reform package .
MORE COVERAGE OF CONGRESS »
The network 's job has been made easier by the administration 's hiring of Koch-affiliated alumni to key positions at the White House to help shape policy for a president who arrived without his own deeply staffed bench .
“ The vacuum in Trump not having his own network is filled by people who 've been cultivated for years by the Koch network , ” said Richard L. Hasen , a professor at the UC Irvine law school and an expert in campaign finance .
Also helpful is a Republican-led Congress made up of many lawmakers who depend on the network 's backing for reelection , and fear being attacked if they stray from the libertarian , small-government orthodoxy . Even without being active in the presidential race , the network spent $ 750 million in the 2016 election .
The early results show that Koch donors have remained a powerful force in politics despite not spending on Trump 's presidential campaign .
As the 81-year-old Koch welcomed hundreds of wealthy donors to the network 's annual seminar in Colorado Springs , Colo. , this summer , he marveled at how far the group has come in the decade-plus since its founding .
“ When I look at where we are , at the size and effectiveness of this network , I 'm blown away , ” Koch said as guests and lawmakers mingled at the posh Broadmoor resort . “ We are more optimistic now about what we can accomplish than we 've ever been . ”
To be sure , the failure of Congress to pass healthcare legislation stands as a glaring setback for the Koch network , which first made a splash on the national political stage during the 2009 fight to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare .
And many of their individual donors are so frustrated by the fumble after having spent millions to sweep Republicans to the House majority in 2010 and the Senate in 2014 that they are withholding campaign cash for the upcoming midterms until Republican lawmakers deliver .
But 200 days into the new administration , Charles and his brother , David — who are tied at No . 8 on the Forbes list of the world 's wealthiest individuals — appear as influential as ever .
MORE COVERAGE OF POLITICS AND THE White House »
On Saturday , the network will welcome Vice President Mike Pence , a longtime ally , to deliver the keynote address at its annual activist summit in Richmond , Va. Pence met privately with the Koch team at the Colorado event .
Democrats have been furious , reviving the specter of what they call the “ Kochtopus , ” with its sprawling reach into almost every aspect of federal government policy and its secret donors whose millions of dollars keep lawmakers in line .
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) warned congressional Republicans not to cater to wealthy donors ' priorities during the upcoming tax debate this fall .
“ Do n't give breaks to the top 1 % — everyone knows they do n't need it , ” Schumer railed on the Senate floor . “ Have the courage to break free from the Koch brothers and the special interests . ”
Koch supporters relish such criticism . “ We enjoy getting attacked by the angry left , ” said Texas donor Doug Deason , who was among those attending the network 's summer seminar . “ It means we 're getting something accomplished . ”
The coming battle over tax reform may prove the biggest test of the Kochs ' influence , but their early defeat of the border-adjustment tax provided momentum .
Trump spoke favorably of Ryan 's idea at an annual GOP retreat in January , viewing it as an extension of his own campaign promise of slapping tariffs on overseas goods as a way to promote domestic production .
But opponents argued it would increase prices for American consumers . Some Koch-owned companies in its conglomerate of oil , gas and other industries also would face higher taxes .
The network started attacking the GOP plan , running ads against specific House Republicans and criticizing the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee , Rep. Kevin Brady of Texas , who spearheaded Ryan 's tax overhaul effort .
Google , on 12 December , announced the launch of three new apps which are centered around photography . The Mountain View-based giant announced in a blog post that the apps will help Google to experiment with more features and see how the users will respond .
Dubbed as photography 'appsperiments ' , these new apps will rely on object recognition , stylisation algorithms , person segmentation , image encoding and decoding technologies claimed Google . The apps were partly inspired by another Google app called Motion Stills , which helped `` converts short videos into cinema-graphs and time lapses using experimental stabilization and rendering technologies '' .
Storyboard
The Storyboard app is currently only available only on Android and it will transform your videos into a storyboard-style layout as seen in comic books . The app will select one of six visual styles after a video is loaded into the app . Google claims that there are 1.6 trillion different possibilities of making comic strips using the app .
Selfissimo
This app is present both on Android and iOS and is more selfie oriented . It clicks black and white photos each time you pose and the app also encourages you to change your pose when you stop moving . After the shots are done , you can choose to save individual images or the entire set of images .
Scrubbies
Scrubbies is an app which will let you change the playback speed and direction of a video to produce video loops and replay moments . According to Google , you can just remix the video `` by scratching it like a DJ '' . One finger usage will play the movie and two fingers will let you capture the playback for saving and sharing it later on . Scrubbies is available only on iOS .
New Delhi : Beatriz Corrales loves tattoos . She has a tattoo on her left bicep that says ‘ heart over mind ' . In 2016 , when her compatriot Carolina Marin got all the attention after becoming the World No 1 , Corrales listened what her heart said .
That was it for her . The Leganes-born shuttler , who started badminton after watching his brother play , packed her bags and left for Milan , Italy . This was a major step in her career that would more or less decide her relevance in badminton . “ I began to explore the possibilities and my federation also respected my decision , ” Corrales , who reached the quarter-finals of the India Open , told Firstpost .
While Marin continued to floor the top dogs , Corrales felt she was n't getting proper attention in the Spanish national camp in Madrid . She reached a point where she felt she needed a change . “ Despite all the good training , I was missing the key components that I need to become a top player . It was n't enough in my opinion , ” says Corrales , who won the Wales and Brazil International titles last year .
For obvious reasons , the focus was on Marin . She was the poster girl of badminton of Spain — a country where sports meant only football and Rafael Nadal , whom Corrales is in love with because of his commitment and on-court abilities . So , in order to emulate the kind of success Marin had , Corrales had to make a decision . “ Everything was about Carolina there . She deserves the focus , she is an amazing player but I was feeling that if I need to get better , now is the time to move on , ” she added .
Before setting off for the unknown , coaches at the national academy often questioned her decision but Corrales did what 's best for her . And yet again , the heart had the last laugh over the mind . “ They did n't agree with my decision . They did n't think that was the best move to go to Italy . Of course , they wanted the best for me so I told them that moving to Italy would be the best decision at the moment , ” Corrales says before adding : `` But despite separating , the relationship with the coaches is okay . ''
In Italy , famous for its football and volleyball , badminton is hardly popular a sport . However , familiar faces in Milan came to the rescue . “ The head coach and the assistant coach are Spanish . I know them because they used to train me when I was younger , ” says Corrales , who shares an apartment with an Italian shuttler in Milan .
A headstrong and an independent character , Corrales wanted to make sure that she walked the right path . In other words , she wanted to emerge out of the shadow of Marin and have her own identity in world badminton . On Friday , Corrales went down fighting to home-favourite PV Sindhu , who knows a thing or two about coming out of the shadows of more accomplished compatriots . And , she did after surpassing Saina Nehwal in the BWF rankings .
Although she was without her coach , who was busy handling the national camp , Corrales did n't look nervous at any moment while playing Ruthvika Shivani Gadde in the second round or even World No 3 Sindhu in front of the Indian fans . She wanted to do what her heart says . That 's where the strong mentally plays its part .
Come to think of it . Moving to a strange place at the age of 23 can be onerous . However , Corrales did not let that affect her because it was a matter of bread and butter . “ They welcomed me with arms open . The treatment is great . The culture is different . It 's not the same as Spain but a bit similar . I need to adapt to the culture , Italian people but in the end , it 's my journey , '' she says , before adding : “ They treat every player equally . Despite representing Spain , it 's like a family in Italy now . ”
To reach the quarter-final stage of the India Open in Delhi was an achievement for the Spaniard as she is finally finding the motivation to up her game . Next up for her will be the European Team Championships in Russia , but before that she 'll be heading back to her adopted home .
The 2018 season will be her second season in Italy and slowly , things are falling into place for the Spaniard . “ Step by step , I am becoming a better player . I 'm always in a better mood to play . That 's the difference , '' she adds with a smile .
A heartbreaking message from a father in mourning who says do whatever it takes to keep your child alive .
On Friday , Michael Davidson tragically lost his daughter to a suspected fentanyl overdose after exhausting every avenue in his power to keep her safe .
“ I was at work that afternoon and I got a phone call that told me I needed to get to her apartment because she barely had a pulse and she was hardly breathing , ” said Davidson .
READ MORE : Local health groups urge more action following string of reported overdoses
He raced to Confederation Drive to be with his daughter but was greeted by police , paramedics and his mother instead .
“ She said ‘ I 'm so sorry ' , ” he said . “ I said ‘ what for ? ' Then it hit me . I already knew . ”
His daughter Kally Davidson had died of suspected fentanyl overdose at just 18 years old .
“ You can imagine all you want what this feels like and whatever you think – you need to multiply by a thousand . ”
The afternoon of June 9 , Kally was supposed to move back in with her grandmother and get her life back on track .
This after she tried fentanyl approximately two years ago for the first time , a drug her father says got a hold of her and never let go .
“ It 's got stop because our children are the ones that are dying , ” Davidson said .
“ The people putting this stuff on the streets are the worst ones of all because they 're the ones killing these people . ”
READ MORE : Fentanyl trafficking bust made in Saskatoon
On Sunday , police arrested and charged eight people in connection to fentanyl trafficking in Saskatoon .
All eight accused were in their 20s and 75 pills believed to be fentanyl were seized during the drug bust on Laurier Drive and Molland Lane .
Kally will be the second young woman to die of a suspected fentanyl overdose in Saskatoon since the beginning of May .
“ She went from being a little girl that had many friends and was involved with cheer then this crap takes her away . ”
On two occasions in 2016 , Kally 's family says they went before a provincial court judge begging for her to be forced into detox .
Their request was granted but the Youth Drug Detoxification and Stabilization Act would no longer be an option when she turned 18 in March .
“ The laws just have to change so that there 's a way so that we can just take our children and say no this is the way it is , screw the human rights that 's not helping here . ”
READ MORE : Saskatoon police use naloxone to revive fentanyl overdose victim
Ideally , Michael said his daughter would have been taken from the Paul Dojack Youth Centre directly into police custody and sent to a treatment facility after .
By speaking out , he hopes his daughter 's death will save even just one life and spare another family from the unimaginable pain that his family is going through .
“ It really rips a part of you away that you 'll never get back . ”
Warning : If you have n't seen Sunday 's episode of “ Game of Thrones , ” spoilers ahead .
The last time we saw Joe Dempsie 's “ Game of Thrones ” character Gendry , he was departing Dragonstone in a rowboat , noting that he could not swim .
Four years later , Sunday night , in the fifth episode of the seventh season , he came back ashore and things got very interesting in the quest for the Iron Throne .
Gendry was one of the fantasy drama 's most tantalizing loose threads : the illegitimate son of and only known true blood heir to King Robert Baratheon ( Mark Addy ) .
It turns out , the last known Baratheon was hiding in plain sight : he rowed all the way to King 's Landing and went right back to work as a blacksmith in Flea Bottom .
Dempsie always knew his character would return but , he says , he tried not to think about it .
“ [ Executive producers ] David [ Benioff ] and Dan [ Weiss ] were keen to reassure me at the time , ‘ He 's going to go away for a bit ... but do n't worry , he 's going to come back , ' ” he said . “ It gets to a stage where , in terms of your own sanity [ I thought ] , ‘ I 'm just going to forget about that now ... and assume actually they 're not going to bring you back . ' ”
With each passing year , as the memes of Gendry aimlessly rowing multiplied online , Dempsie admitted he began to wonder if the story was veering in a direction that could easily exclude a return . He said with a laugh , “ Gendry 's fate could be explained with just one line : The boy died at sea . ”
Luckily , Gendry is not only alive and well but in the thick of the action in the war against the Army of the Dead with Jon Snow ( Kit Harington ) and a misfit band of wildlings , knights , the Brotherhood Without Banners and the Hound .
We recently chatted with the affable 30-year-old actor— who also had a memorable run on the popular British teen drama “ Skins ” — about his return to Westeros .
Helen Sloan / HBO Joe Dempsie as Gendry in `` Game of Thrones '' episode `` Eastwatch . '' Joe Dempsie as Gendry in `` Game of Thrones '' episode `` Eastwatch . '' ( Helen Sloan / HBO )
So were you sending David and Dan holiday cards just to remind them you were out there ?
You actually sound like my mum ! Periodically , she would say I should email them : “ You get on with Dan , have you ? See what they 're planning and it 'd be nice to know would n't it ? ” I 'm like “ Mum , if they 've got plans for me to go back in the show , I will go back in the show . I do n't imagine that he 's going to see an email from me and go , ‘ Oh my God , we should put him in now , and he should totally win the whole thing . ' ” [ Laughs . ]
I just thought best to just leave it be , and in truth , of course I was keen to return to the show whenever it was that they decided was an appropriate time , but also I was doing fine without it . I think that actually leaving the show for a while gave me the kick up the ass that I needed , because when you have that period of time every year where you know you 've got solid work ; yes it 's good . It gives you a certain amount of freedom and security , but it can also make you a little lazy .
You 're not only back but you 're part of this team , sort of “ Ocean 's 11 : Beyond the Wall . ”
Yeah , with slightly fewer brain cells than those guys . I 'm an Avenger , an Expendable , whatever you want to call it , I 'm part of the gang . It 's great . Episode 6 , which is coming , up is a real set-piece . Episode 4 was insane enough but this might even take it up a notch .
So Gendry is an expert at forging swords but does n't know how to use one ? Is that mighty hammer an homage to his father ?
I do n't really know , would you buy a sword from someone who did n't know what a good sword was ? [ Laughs . ] But yeah , since he 's learned a bit about his true lineage he 's actually gotten quite pleased with himself — enough to blurt out immediately who you are when you 're told not to because you 're proud and you forge a weapon with the Baratheon sigil and one that your father used fairly formidably .
Images from Season 7 of `` Game of Thrones . '' ( HBO ) ( HBO )
Do you see Gendry and Jon Snow as kindred spirits ?
Certainly he 's heard about Jon Snow and the mythology that surrounds him and how he 's risen from being a bastard to lead the people in the North , and I think Gendry has both a huge respect and also feels like they probably have a lot of shared experiences . He 's someone who 's been looking for his place in the world for the majority of his life and he 's finally had a bit of information that he 's the son of a king and that maybe gives him some semblance of where he comes from . He knows he 's still a bastard . It does n't make him a prince or a king , but it gives you just an idea of who and where you 're from . He 's pretty chuffed with who he is .
Although he told Jon Snow who he was , Gendry does n't seem like he has designs on power . Yet . But , technically , he could have a claim to the throne , could n't he ?
If I 'm legitimized , then yeah I have the strongest claim to the throne… At some point later on , that 's when the political implications of Gendry 's return are hopefully going to start a little more strongly . For now , it 's just reintroduced him into the story and establish him back in the world of Westeros as someone who could potentially be a player in the endgame .
And there are the fan theories that he 's actually Cersei 's son with that line from Season 1 about her first child , who supposedly died , being a “ black-haired beauty . ”
Yeah , well there are these things that I think George R.R . Martin is great at sprinkling in early on and then leaving be completely , and so you do forget about them . David and Dan have been great in weaving that into the narrative of the TV show . The first scene that I ever shot on “ Game of Thrones ” is when Ned Stark comes to visit Gendry down in the armory . He asks me about my mother , and all I remember is that she had yellow hair , and that she used to sing to me .
I 've always thought , well , that 's something that has to be addressed at some point .
But you do n't actually know , you 're not being coy ?
I 'm not being coy . They 're not giving too much away . I think in terms of Gendry 's story through Season 7 , the main aim of it is to reintroduce him , to rediscover him ; sort of find out what he 's been up to the past few years .
And what has Gendry been up to ?
He 's been keeping his head down , getting on with it . I guess biding his time , really . Hoping this moment would arrive but never being quite sure that it would . But then Davos shows up and offers him a way out of the monotony of the hiding .
Because five years ago making swords was fun but not with everything that he knows now .
KALAMAZOO , Mich. ( WOOD ) — The police investigation into the cold case death of a Vicksburg teen is now back in the hands of Kalamazoo prosecutors .
The Kalamazoo County Sheriff 's Office handed over its investigation into the 1983 death of Erik Cross this week .
Brenton Spaulding is a primary person of interest in the 16-year-old 's death . In June 2016 , he was arrested on separate charges .
Cross ' body was found in Brandy Township , near Vicksburg , on June 26 , 1983 . He had gone to a party and was walking home when he was hit by a vehicle and killed . Witnesses reported seeing two men and woman in the vehicle .
In March 2016 , Kalamazoo Co. Undersheriff Paul Matyas said investigators had five suspects in the case .
24 Hour News 8 is working to get more information on this story . Check back with woodtv.com for updates , and get the latest on 24 Hour News 8 at 5 .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Paris Fashion Week closed Tuesday , October 3 , rounding off a month of fashion shows and collection previews for the spring/summer 2018 season . So what womenswear essentials are heading to wardrobes for SS18 ? What are the season 's hottest colors ? Will sportswear still be a major theme in ready-to-wear collections ? Time to take stock of the key trends spotted on the runways of the four fashion capitals -- New York , London , Milan and Paris -- during fashion 's most recent month of shows.Sportswear has been a major womenswear trend for several seasons . This showed no sign of waning during the recent fashion month , with lots of sports-inspired details seen on elegant and feminine silhouettes or sometimes on highly sophisticated looks . For SS18 , this is characterized by flat shoes -- sometimes even sneakers -- as well as technical fabrics used alongside luxury fabrics , shorts worn with glam blazers , and soccer jerseys or polo shirts worn as dresses and matched with refined accessories and details.Seen at Off-White , Koché , Lacoste , Burberry , Atsushi Nakashima , The-Sirius , Annakiki , Jour/Né.New York , London , Milan and Paris agreed that frills will be big next season . Dresses , blouses , tops and skirts all came adorned with frills , in styles ranging from glam too ethereal to sophisticated and sometimes even a touch pastoral . With their highly feminine feel , frills were seen in various fabrics and were sometimes paired with fringing.Seen at Giambattista Valli , Zadig & Voltaire , Vivetta , MSGM , Givenchy.While some fashion houses opted for bold , vibrant colors -- sometimes going fluorescent in homage to the 1990s -- most labels showed pastels for SS18 . Soft , subtle shades will abound next season , with pastel blues , pale greens , powder pinks , white , nudes and light yellow shades . Seen at Chanel , Michael Kors , Bora Aksu , Armani , Daizy Shely.The season 's sensual styles put transparency at the heart of spring/summer 2018 . Long skirts and lightweight dresses feature sheer layers , while tops , blouses and dress bodices come in see-through lace , revealing everything beneath , or sometimes preserving modesty with strategically placed patches . Low-cut necklines and décolletés are popular too.Seen at Christopher Kane , Emilia Wickstead , Calvin Klein , Prabal Gurung , Zadig & Voltaire , Les Copains , Blumarine , Saint Laurent.Spring/summer 2018 collections featured lots of denim jackets , shirts and pants , as well as high-waist darted pants , satin and shiny fabrics , glittery details and garments with striking shoulders -- all echoing fashion trends of the 1980s . Seen at Lacoste , Gucci , Versace , Tom Ford , Topshop.From the Queen of Hearts at Dolce & Gabbana and American comics at Prada , to Annakiki 's critique of smartphones and social networks , Andy Warhol 's pop art and Vogue magazine covers at Versace , or tiny toys on hoods and in hair at Comme des Garcons -- references to culture and to everyday objects were legion on the SS18 runways . Seen at Versace , Dolce & Gabbana , Prada , Annakiki , Comme des garçons.Designers showed a multitude of pieces with asymmetric cuts for the spring/summer 2018 season . Tops , blouses and jackets were first in line , revealing a single shoulder for a sensual and glamorously feminine touch . Miniskirts were also seen shorter at one side than the other , along with some tailored jackets and a handful of dresses.Seen at Céline , Taoray Wang , palmer//harding , Daizy Shely , Lacoste , Stella McCartney , Thom Browne.The roaring twenties are in vogue next season . It is n't a huge trend , but the fringing seen all over SS18 runways nods to the era . Tops , skirts , pants , crop tops and jackets are all finished with fringing for a refined , retro look . More elaborate creations use layers of fringing to bring movement to stylish dresses . Karl Lagerfeld even brought fringing to Chanel 's iconic tweed . Seen at Tod 's , Daizy Shely , Chanel , Veronique Leroy , Elie Saab.In keeping with the spring season , flowers are back , with colorful blooms and natural florals seen in mini and XXL versions . Blooms adorn dresses from head to toe , or are combined with other spring-inspired motifs . Jeremy Scott even turned models on the Moschino runway into walking bouquets . Seen at Francesco Scognamiglio , Vivetta , Moschino , Giorgio Armani , Etro , Marni , Dolce & Gabbana , Dries Van Noten , Rochas , Ungaro.Leather and denim will be on trend next season . Leather brings a punky rock ‘ n ' roll vibe to the season while denim adds a retro , sportswear and streetwear touch to sophisticated silhouettes . PVC -- preferably of the clear variety -- is another key material for spring/summer 2018 , especially for accessories . Seen at Balmain , Chanel , Alexander Wang , Tommy Hilfiger , Moschino , Annakiki , Trussardi , Christian Dior .
Residents had to be rescued from this home in East Lafayette by Rice Creek in Perry County . ( Source : Susie Patterson )
Perry County residents and first responders got a big reminder Wednesday on the power of water .
Thanks to Alberto , flash flooding not only forced people out of their homes but also washed away a massive chunk of a road near a school in Marion . It measures at least 60 feet across and some 20 feet deep in some places .
Hubbard Drive runs behind Francis Marion School and the collapse gave Perry County sheriff 's deputy Dudley Barton the chills knowing this could have happened last week when school was still in session .
Classes are over for the summer , which means for first responders and nearby residents this is the least of their concerns .
`` Obviously during the school year it 's very well traveled , and it could have been a really tragic situation had it happened during school hours , '' Barton said .
It started as a small sinkhole and quickly grew to a massive hole over time throughout the night and this morning .
Ten miles away , Eddie McElroy could only stare at his home that was partially flooded as a result of an angry creek a few feet away .
`` You look at the hood of that truck down yonder , it was all the way to the top of the hood of the truck , '' McElroy said .
It 's now receded somewhat but leaving a muddy mess . McElroy did not have to be rescued but five other people in the county did .
`` I watch a lot of news and I 'm a firm believer and you think about the people who lose everything and were n't so lucky . We were .. I was expecting the worst when I drove from work from Selma and got here and feel truly blessed , '' McElroy said .
All in all , it truly could have been a different story . The earth swallowed part of a road . Eddie McElroy has to face a major clean-up job , but no one is complaining ; just thankful they could talk about it .
In all there were 10 road washouts just in Marion in alone . Right now , city and county leaders are meeting to talk about what 's needed and when to make all those road repairs .
City leaders say those who had to be evacuated stayed with neighbors until the flood waters receded . There were no reports of injuries .
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News . All rights reserved .
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '170 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 22 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 373 '' , '' competition '' : `` 427 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833012 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 22 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 373 '' , '' competition '' : `` 427 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833012 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- > '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '1761 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 22 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 373 '' , '' competition '' : `` 427 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833012 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 22 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 373 '' , '' competition '' : `` 427 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833012 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
3 Compelling Hours of Experts , and Authors Pursuing The Truth No Matter Where It Leads
9:00-9:15a ET - Breaking News
9:19-9:29a ET - Rob Buska - The host of “ The Bush Leagues ” on NBC Sports Radio , talks Super Bowl 52 , and what you can expect .
9:32-9:42a ET - Jenny Beth Martin - Barack Obama and broken windows : Corral Obama era lawlessness with the rule of law . President & Co-Founder of Tea Party Patriot founder shares .
9:46-9:58a ET - Geremy Keeton - How to protect kids from sexual assault as explained by the director of Focus on the Family 's Counseling Services department and a licensed marriage and family therapist .
10:06-10:29a ET - Bruce Kauffmann - The award-winning syndicated columnist , historian , author and speaker takes a look at the week that was , Trump 's SOTU , FBI in Tatters , & Release The Memo .
10:32-10:42a - Wesley Denton - The Opinion Contributor at the Hill , discusses Four red flags for conservatives in Trump 's amnesty compromise
10:46-10:58a ET - George Barna - Executive Director of the American Culture & Faith Institute explains The Economy and Defense Sustain Trump 's Evangelical Support
11:06-11:29a ET - Jared Beck - Attorney Who Sued DNC For Fraud Claims Seth Rich and Shawn Lucas Were Witnesses In His Case
11:32-11:58a ET - Toure Roberts - In his new book Wholeness : Winning in Life from the Inside Out , pastor of The Potter 's House at One LA and senior pastor of The Potter 's House of Denver helps readers uncover and ad
The CEO of Turkey 's first domestic automobile , an initiative launched in Nov. 2017 to manufacture a `` Made in Turkey '' car , will be announced today , Science , Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Özlü said late Tuesday .
Minister Özlü , who said the CEO has already been determined , informed the media that President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan will announce the CEO of the company during the interview with a television channel .
In early November of last year , the Turkish public witnessed the launch of a groundbreaking initiative to manufacture Turkey 's first domestic automobile .
This goal has brought together the country 's largest manufacturers and companies in a consortium that includes Kıraça , Anadolu Group , Turkcell , Zorlu and BMC .
The initiative came after repeated calls from President Erdoğan for a car project to be developed jointly by the TOBB and the Ministry of Science , Industry and Technology .
NEW YORK/SYDNEY/LONDON ( Reuters ) - Newly launched bitcoin futures indicated on Monday that financial markets expect the cryptocurrency to climb further but at a far slower rate than in recent weeks as warnings of a bubble grew . A collection of Bitcoin ( virtual currency ) tokens are displayed in this picture illustration taken December 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/IllustrationChicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets launched its eagerly anticipated bitcoin futures late on Sunday , marking the first time investors could get exposure to the market via a large mainstream regulated exchange . Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States , but backers said this U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and lead to its wider use . The one-month bitcoin contract opened at 6 pm local time ( 2300 GMT ) on Sunday at $ 15,460 , dipped briefly before rising to a high of $ 18,700 and then slipping again . By 1418 GMT on Monday , just over 15 hours after it had begun trading , the one-month future contract was trading at $ 17,910 , just 10 percent above bitcoin 's “ spot ” price - the price at which it is currently changing hands - which was $ 16,450 on the Bitstamp exchange . Given that bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month , and was up more than 10 percent on the day alone on Monday , the futures pricing suggests investors reckon that the eye-watering price increases seen in bitcoin in recent months could be set to slow down . VOLATILITY CONCERNS Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in investors who would not previously have touched the market , most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors still say bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value . “ There 's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility , ” said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder . “ We 've looked at it in the past but if you look at the number of times that you need to trade to keep your exposure at the same level , after one week you need to rebalance the portfolio already , ” he added . The two-month contract was trading at $ 17,910 , a 9 percent premium over the spot price , while the three-month contract was changing hands at $ 18,080 , a 10 percent premium . Despite those being modest when compared with bitcoin 's recent moves - a 270 percent increase over the past three months and a 230 percent rise in the last two months - they still showed a lack of appetite from investors to take large “ short ” positions betting against bitcoin . “ The premiums have so far been very high , demonstrating that few want to take the short side of the trade , ” said Altana Digital Currency Fund manager Alistair Milne , whose cryptocurrency fund has $ 35 million in assets under management . Bitcoin is up more than 1,500 percent so far in 2017 , having started the year at less than $ 1,000 . “ MARCH TOWARDS LEGITIMISATION ” In just over 15 hours , 2,895 one-month contracts had been traded , meaning just over $ 51 million had been notionally invested . That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $ 20 billion across all cryptocurrencies , according to trade website Coinmarketcap . Just 18 trades of the two-month contracts had been traded . A man walks past bitcoin mininig show booth during Riga Comm 2017 , a business technology and innovation fair in Riga , Latvia November 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ints KalninsThere had been speculation that the launch of Cboe 's futures would trigger more gyrations in the market . But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets , bitcoin 's 10 percent rise on Monday was nothing out of the ordinary for it . Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week , before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours . “ ( Bitcoin futures ) will speed up the march towards legitimisation of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use , ” said Jo Torode , a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London . The futures are cash-settled contracts , allowing investors exposure to bitcoin without actually having to hold any of the cryptocurrency . The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange , which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss . DRAMATIC GAINS While bitcoin 's price rise mystifies many , its origins have been the subject of much speculation . It was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto , and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden , making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible . Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over the surge in the price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering . “ It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me , ” the Reserve Bank of New Zealand 's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday . “ We 've seen them in the past . Over the centuries we 've seen bubbles and this appears to be a bit of a classic case. ” Somebody who invested $ 1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 and had never sold any of it would now be sitting on around $ 1.2 million . Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the futures has given an extra kick to the cryptocurrency 's scorching run this year . The CME Group is expected to launch its own futures contract on Dec. 17 . The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages , though . Several online brokerages , including Charles Schwab Corp and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp , did not allow trading of the new futures immediately . The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co , Citigroup Inc would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients . Goldman Sachs Group Inc said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients .
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
SELLER : Lisa Kudrow
LOCATION : Park City , UT
PRICE : $ 3,632,000
SIZE : 3,759 square feet , 4 bedrooms 5.5 bathrooms
YOUR MAMA 'S NOTES : After putting it up for sale not quite a year ago at $ 4.1 million , veteran sitcom star Lisa Kudrow sold her house-sized penthouse condominium at the exclusive Black Diamond Lodge in the Deer Valley area of Park City , UT , for $ 3,632,000 . Property records are n't quite clear exactly when the “ Friends ” star purchased the two-story condo or how much she paid but one usually very accurate database we consulted suggests it was sometime before 2009 . Listing details show the 3,759-square-foot condo has four en suite bedrooms and a total of 5.5 bathrooms .
A stone-tiled entrance hall leads to a hardwood-floored , open-plan living/dining area where a double-height , wood-clad ceiling and a towering wall of windows with mountain and sky views are anchored by a massive stone-fireplace . The , open to the living/dining space , is stylistically generic but expensively equipped with custom cabinets , beige stone counter tops , an angled work island with raised snack bar , and a pricey array of name-brand appliances . Two en suite guest bedrooms on the main floor open to balconies — one of them with a hot tub that overlooks the ski slopes — and upstairs , in addition to a lofted den that overlooks the living room , there are two more en suite bedrooms including the master suite that offers a second stone fireplace , private balcony , and stone-tiled bathroom with double-sink vanity , jetted tub and separate , glass-enclosed steam shower .
The low-key but high-cost slope-side Black Diamond Lodge offers owners and guests an extensively attended lobby with on-site concierge services , a ski-prep room with lockers and valet , a fitness room with steam room , a children 's play room , daily housekeeping services , a heated on-site parking garage and convenient shuttle service into downtown Park City .
Our research suggests the Emmy-winning “ Friends ” star , who created , wrote , produced and starred in the cult-favorite sitcoms “ Web Therapy ” and “ The Comeback , ” continues to own not just one but two multimillion dollar homes in Beverly Hills . In 1996 she shelled out $ 1.9 million for a 6,397-square-foot Mediterranean with swimming pool and tennis court set securely behind an imposing gate court on a winding street above Benedict Canyon and in late 2001 she paid $ 2.4 million for a 4,396-square-foot , faux-timbered Tudor cottage just a few blocks from the pricey boutiques and eateries along Rodeo Drive .
Listing photos : Engel & Völkers
Golf ball on tee with driver at florida tropical course at dawn ( Photo : Stock )
1 . This weekend : Marco Police Foundation golf tournament
The Marco Police Foundation hosts its annual Golf Tournament at the JW Marriott 's Hammock Bay Country Club on Saturday , Oct. 7 .
The event will begin with golfer registration at 7:30 a.m. and a “ scramble ” start at 8:30 . Golfers will gather after the competition for lunch and prizes around 1 p.m .
This year 's Tournament takes on added significance because it is now named after Dick Shanahan , who was one of the founders of the Police Foundation . Shanahan passed away last year and was known for his volunteer work and philanthropy throughout Marco Island .
Organizers also announced that a portion of tournament proceeds would be dedicated to Hurricane Irma recovery efforts .
Those wishing to play in the tournament or purchase hole sponsorships can contact Joe Granda at 389-2823 , Curt Koon at 389-4511 , or e-mail CofCJs @ PalsPlaces.com .
2 . Second Tuesday reception : Road Trips and Big Adventures
Marco Island Center for the Arts invites the public to experience the visual travel log of the artists from the current exhibition called “ Oh the Places You Have Been ” from 9 a.m. until 4 p.m. , Monday through Friday through Oct. 31 . This judged exhibition is taking place in the Lauritzen and Rush galleries . The opening reception called “ 2nd Tuesday ” is from 5:30 until 7 p.m. , Oct. 10 . No reservations are required . There is a suggested $ 10 donation for non-members .
In the La Petite Gallery , Artist Barry Howe displays his photographs of stadiums throughout the country . His photographs include Major League Ballparks , as well as college and pro football stadiums . If you have a favorite home stadium there may be a photo of it in the La Petite Galerie .
Information : marcoislandart.org .
3 . Monday Night Bingo returns
Monday Night Bingo returns Monday Night , Oct. 9 , at the Jewish Congregation of Marco Island , 991 Winterberry Drive .
Bingo ( Photo : stock )
Doors open at 5:30 p.m. and bonanza is posted at 6:15 and the game is called at 7 . Sue Baum , chair , says there are big pots of money left from last season , yet to be won .
The Bingo Committee will continue to serve a complimentary supper of a kosher hot dog on a special roll , sauerkraut , relish , pickles , chips , fruit , coffee , tea , ice cream and pastries . Gift certificates are available , perfect for all occasions . The game is open to the public . Information : 239-642-0880 .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.marconews.com/story/entertainment/2017/10/06/3-do-weekend-marco-police-foundation-golf-tournament/732316001/
Confusion Corner : The Last Rant , Swem Computer Courtesy
Alas , we must part with such sweet sorrow , as this is my terminal Confusion Corner article . This is my gargled epitaph to two years of oversharing and dad jokes with a wonderful audience that was kind enough to accommodate my absurd rants . But mourn only for my loss ( which is very tragic for you ) ; there is nothing to fear as I leave you in the very capable hands of a truly delightful creature : Ellie Moonan .
As I was “ preparing ” to do this , I considered writing a piece where I add my own unique spin to the old cliched graduation sendoff . You know , the one where the senior talks about being afraid yet hopeful and then spreads some inspirational guidance to “ roll with the punches ” and “ just be you. ” However , I realized that , just because I am having a hard time talking about anything but my looming departure , it would be selfish to recycle an article you could find in any other April student newspaper . That 's too mainstream for William and Mary 's refined taste . Instead , I would like to make a real impact with my last article and there is one change on campus I have longed to see my entire career ( well , the other is retiring soon ) . I am talking about Swem computer usage . Here it is : I beg of you , please do not sit in front of a Swem computer working on your laptop without being signed in to the computer .
Seriously , I want to murder you when you do this . A lot . When I see this , I experience a visceral fury more intense than when I see someone bite into an ice cream cone . What kind of monster does that ? I know this seems harsh . After all , no one really likes those hulking dinosaur Dells that are just modern enough so that the school will neglect to update them until long after I actually own a Roth IRA account . Despite my obvious Mac pretensions , I ca n't help but disdain every absent-minded , self-centered library patron who parks their sleek , new little Apple in front of these fixed , dusty resources . This egregious act demonstrates either a complete lack of critical awareness for the needs of others , or worse , an extreme and dangerous deficit in empathy . William and Mary students are supposed to be some of the most self-sacrificing and kindest people that anyone can find outside of a knitting circle for little-old retired Canadian grandmothers who are all named Betty . Yet , this horrific misuse of computers is the most abhorrent and obvious counter example of this general tendency and serves as a daily reminder of our darker , selfish side .
Of course , this language may seem a bit extreme , but only if you fail to grasp the gravity of computer scarcity . You must understand that the public-use computers in Swem are not just old hunks of plastic and silicon chips to a great part of our student body . For far too many , these computers are the only resource and outlet available to them to complete their work and chase those fat A 's . Alas , I too am behooved to these great tabulating beasts . As a psychology major , I have a love-hate relationship with the Swem computers because they are the only computers through which I have access to SPSS . I love being able to do some killer data crunching with an amazing software that otherwise costs $ 2,690 or more a year , but I hate that I am chained to Swem and the few select labs on campus that have public computers . And I am not alone ; almost every major requires an advanced program that would normally be far out of the reach of any reasonable student budget in order to complete the more advanced coursework for juniors and seniors , whether it be a film and media studies major with Photo Story or a sociology major with Stata . Those of us needing these special programs are all prisoners to the finite computers of Swem .
Moreover , there are those who just need to print . I ca n't count how many times I have found myself near tears because I have 10 minutes to get to class and sprinted to Swem to just print one vital document only to find that there were no “ free ” computers that I can print from . If I ca n't turn in my report on time because you wanted to watch Netflix on your laptop , things are not going to end well .
Finally , there are those students who do not have a functional laptop . It is easy to forget when you are so privileged as to have numerous options and devices for accessing the internet that there are many students on campus who do not share this luxury . They may not be able to afford a laptop , Wi-Fi at their off-campus house , or may have a laptop that simply is n't up to snuff because they have n't been able to replace it since the 10th grade . Can you imagine if you were still working on the old 10-inch Dell on which you wrote your history report “ Harriet Tubman and the Underground Railroad : Goin ' off the Wheels of a Crazy Train ! ” ?
In the end , when you are so inconsiderate or mindless as to occupy a public-use computer and gallantly flash your amazing laptop , with its lightweight design and extended battery life , you are saying you do n't understand or do n't give a flying hoot about the needs of others . That just does n't seem right to me , even if those lime-green swivel chairs that you so smugly occupy are very comfy .
If I have done nothing else for this campus , I can depart satisfied if I know that I have managed to reverse the trend of this behavior , even if it is only slightly . And I plea to all the incoming freshman : I know you do n't understand what I am talking about yet , but please for the love of everything right in world , just find a table to work at .
Thanks for listening ,
Emily Gardner
Emily Gardner is a Confusion Corner columnist who will be dearly missed by the Flat Hat staff , but not so much by Swem computer hogs .
A local woman now tops the Saline County Sheriff 's most wanted list , according to Saline County Prosecuting Attorney Ken Casady .
Habitual hot check writer Lisa Thomas , who also goes by the names Lisa Bradshaw and Lisa Welch , owes nearly $ 10,000 in hot check restitution , according to Casady .
After serving time in with the Arkansas Department of Correction in 2016 , Thomas was suspected of issuing more hot checks only weeks after her release , Casady added .
He is now warning all Saline County merchants to be cautious when receiving checks as payment and to be on the lookout for Thomas .
“ She is well known to our office after having been sent to prison five times in the past 12 years for hot check , forgery and theft of property offenses , '' Casady said . `` The last time was a 15-year sentence in December 2014 for felony hot checks . She was released late last year and within weeks of being released from prison the defendant began writing hot checks again to unsuspecting merchants . ”
Thomas is believed to be driving a new black Nissan Altima with tinted windows .
She is currently out on parole , but has not been reporting to her parole officer , Casady said .
“ I take hot check and forgery cases seriously , our Saline County merchants are hardworking people trying to make an honest living and these crimes cost merchants money and result in higher prices to the rest of us , ” Casady said . “ It is an unusual step for us to send a press release before the defendant is arrested , but this thief shows no remorse , and is a financial threat to merchants . ''
Anyone with information on Thomas ' whereabouts is encouraged to call the Saline County Sheriff 's Office at 501-303-5608 or Investigator Luke Smith at 501-315-7767 .
The 2017 World Championships featured eight days of exciting races , and there was no shortage of records .
Compared to the 2015 Championships , the number of records broken was relatively even . Kazan had 12 worlds records , Budapest had 11 . 21 Championship records in 2017 surpassed the 19 there was in 2015 .
However , there was a big difference in the number of American and ‘ Americas ' records ( combining North & South America ) broken . After just five in Kazan ( Americas ) , including three from Katie Ledecky , they broke 20 in Budapest . There was also a total of 13 individual American records broken , a massive haul .
In terms of those who broke the records , there was a select few who were doing most of the damage . Seven individual world records went down from just four swimmers . Adam Peaty , Sarah Sjostrom and Lilly King each set two , while Kylie Masse was the other culprit . Both of Peaty 's records came in the 50 breast ( prelims and semis ) , so in total only one man 's event left with a new world record compared to six for women ( five individual ) . The American women broke the medley relay record , and three more came from the U.S. in the mixed events which have only been on the scene for a few years .
Those five led the charge in Championship records as well , with Ledecky , Chase Kalisz , Anton Chupkov and Katinka Hosszu putting their names on the board as well . Russian Kliment Kolesnikov and Hungarian Kristof Milak did a ton of damage combining for a total of five junior world records , and continentally Farida Osman ‘ s name sticks out after she had five African record breaking swims ( albeit over two events ) .
And of course we ca n't look past the incredible week of Caeleb Dressel , who set four individual American records and was on a pair of the world record breaking mixed relays .
Below , take a look at the full list of world , championship , junior world , and continental records broken ( plus American records ) .
WORLD RECORDS
CHAMPIONSHIP RECORDS
JUNIOR WORLD RECORDS
* Kolesnikov re-broke the 100 back record at the Energy for Swim meet in Rome ( 53.35 )
AMERICAN RECORDS
AMERICAS RECORDS ( NORTH & SOUTH AMERICA )
AFRICAN RECORDS
ASIAN RECORDS
EUROPEAN RECORDS
OCEANIAN RECORDS
At least 10 people were killed in a major explosion at a fireworks factory in Warangal district of Telangana . Two people who suffered grievous injuries have been shifted to a nearby hospital.The incident happened around 11:30am . The fire services , police and district administration reached the spot and rescue operations are still on.Officials on the spot confirmed that 10 dead bodies have been recovered and more people could be under the debris.Telangana chief minister K Chandrashekhar Rao has announced Rs 5 lakh compensation and expressed his condolence for the families of the deceased . The chief minister also ordered district administration to provide better treatment to injured at state expense and extend all necessary help to families .
He had taken up a spot on the sidewalk near the end of the Women 's March , not far from the White House , and held a sign overhead for marchers to see .
“ Mock Me to My Face . ”
The middle-aged man wore spectacles and a red jacket , and he was perched on the seat of a four-wheel walker . I took a photograph with my phone , and it was later published by The Times . Obviously , his sign was a response to what the man , and many others , believed was a case of Donald Trump mocking a disabled reporter on the campaign trail in November of 2015 .
I wanted to find out what the guy 's story was , but I was looking for a Los Angeles woman who marched with her two daughters , and we were texting each other our whereabouts . I hurried off in search of her , and never met the man whose photo I had taken on Jan. 21 .
Then , on Monday , I got an email .
“ My name is Rich Arenschieldt , ” it said . “ I 'm the guy shown in the picture you took . ”
Arenschieldt is a Houston resident and contributor to OutSmart Magazine . He 'd written a story on his trip to the march , not yet published , for the magazine . A friend of his had spotted my photo in the L.A. Times , and Arenschieldt wanted to know if his magazine could use it for his story .
Arenschieldt sent me a copy of what he wrote and we later talked by phone . His story for the magazine begins with this line :
“ ‘ We do not expect this child to survive… ' reads my pediatrician 's medical note , written on Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania stationery dated July 10 , 1960 . ”
Arenschieldt weighed 3½ pounds at birth . He had severe cerebral palsy and endured surgeries , braces , casts and clinical trials .
“ To everyone 's amazement , ” he wrote , “ I lived . ”
Arenschieldt said that as a kid , he was mocked and bullied before there were anti-bullying programs . His parents had their reasons for not coming to his defense .
“ My parents ' response was , ‘ Well , do n't expect us to deal with this , you have to deal with this on your own . You have to figure out how to respond , ' ” Arenschieldt said . “ My mother had this famous quote : ‘ The world is going to be tough on Rich . I have to make Rich tougher . ' ”
It seems to have worked . Arenschieldt studied at Baylor University , became a banker , then ran a mentoring program for students interested in medical careers . He retired from full-time work a year ago , but as a gay man , he 's been a regular contributor to OutSmart for years . An editor there told me Arenschieldt 's Washington story will be published soon .
Arenschieldt said he had n't been a typical advocate for the rights of the disabled . Taking the cue from his parents , his approach has always been to live his life . But when he saw Trump single out a reporter with a physical disability , it awakened something in him .
Trump has insisted he was not mocking the reporter and did n't know he was disabled . It 's an assertion that 's hard to buy if you 've seen the video , in which Trump jerks his arms and twists as if he 's having spasms , and says , “ You 've got to see this guy. ” The reporter has said he used to cover Trump regularly and they were on a first-name basis .
Arenschieldt is n't swayed by Trump 's claim .
“ When you see this kind of mocking taking place , you know what it is , ” he said . “ This is something a schoolyard bully does… . He can say what he wants , but those of us who have been on the receiving end of that kind of treatment knew exactly what it was . There is no doubt in my mind what that was , and it 's the hurtful intent , more than the mocking , that 's really important . ”
Meryl Streep singled out that incident in a scathing attack on Trump at the Golden Globes ceremony , and she was widely praised . But some people with disabilities criticized Streep for suggesting that Trump picked on people he outranked in “ privilege , power and the capacity to fight back. ” As one California advocate told me , disabled people can fight their own battles , and they can also take the high road by refusing to dignify reprehensible comments .
Arenschieldt said he understands those views , and no one can take Trump any lower than he 's taken himself . But still , he was grateful to Streep .
“ My attitude is that we still have a long way to go in terms of prejudice in this country , not just in terms of race , gender and sexual preference , but in terms of disabilities , ” said Arenschieldt . “ I 'll take allies wherever I can get them . ”
Arenschieldt said he did n't know what to write on his sign at first , but his anger helped guide him . If Trump had done the same thing to him in his presence , he said , “ I 'd have gone after him physically . ”
“ I thought , ‘ Okay , you 're the world 's biggest coward . Come to my house and mock me . ' ”
Arenschieldt got on a plane and went to Trump 's house instead . He went to the march with a cousin 's wife , and was overwhelmed by “ a deluge of compassion . ”
Hundreds of people approached or gave thumbs up as they marched by . One tearful woman told him she had adopted two girls with cerebral palsy , and felt as though Trump had mocked them .
As a boy , Arenschieldt said in his story , “ I managed the cruelty of my classmates and others by creating a détente of humor infused with the fierceness of a lion .
“ Interestingly , it took the Women 's March on Washington to make me roar again .
“ Hear me . ”
Get more of Steve Lopez 's work and follow him on Twitter @ LATstevelopez
The Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute ( AFBI ) Veterinary Sciences Division is advising sheep farmers of the likely risk of Nematodirus worm infection in young lambs occurring at this time of year .
Nematodirus infection results from the ingestion of large numbers of infective worm larvae present on contaminated pasture . Lambs grazing the same pasture in the previous year were the source of this contamination .
For Nematodirus eggs to hatch they must experience a period of cold weather followed by warmer conditions . These conditions are usually achieved during the winter and spring of each year . Nematodirus eggs passed out by lambs in 2016 generally remained unhatched on the ground throughout the winter season . Given suitable conditions of moisture and temperature , they will undergo mass hatching in the spring of 2017 , resulting in a high risk of infection for lambs .
Affected lambs develop profuse scour and can die rapidly .
Hatching of Nematodirus eggs has already commenced and current meteorological readings indicate that peak hatching will have taken place during the last week of March and the first week of April .
Nematodirus normally only affects lambs between six and 12 weeks of age and clinical signs usually appear two weeks after ingestion of large numbers of larvae . Although rare , Nematodirus infection can occasionally cause problems in young calves . Therefore , farmers should be on the alert for signs of scour in lambs ( and possibly young calves at grass ) from mid - April into May .
Farmers should be aware that Nematodirus infection might be confused with coccidiosis , another disease which can cause severe scour in young lambs . As the treatments for Nematodirus infection and coccidiosis are different , accurate diagnosis and treatment recommendation , through your veterinary surgeon , are essential .
Nematodirus disease can be avoided or reduced in lambs by :
l not grazing lambs on the same fields as those grazed by lambs of a similar age last year .
l using anthelmintic drenches every two to four weeks . The interval between doses depends both on the particular anthelmintic used and the severity of infection . To date , only limited evidence has been found of drug resistance in Nematodirus to any of the available classes of anthelmintic .
Your veterinary surgeon should be consulted at an early stage . He or she is in an ideal position to provide advice on the prevention and/or treatment strategy best suited to your particular circumstances . AFBI 's Veterinary Sciences Division can test faeces samples from sheep or cattle to determine the level of worm eggs present . A minimum of five grams of faeces from each animal is required for this test .
An explosion takes place near a car parked outside Medical Complex in Hayatabad , Peshawar reported Waqt News .
According to rescue team , 2 men have been killed in the explosion . The sound was heard in surrounding area . Around 18 people are injured . Police has cordoned off the area and investigation is under way . It is still not clear what caused the explosion . After a few minutes , Pakistan Tehreek e Insaf Chairman Imran Khan was to visit the hospital .
Two people were injured after they were bitten by a dog in Calgary 's southwest Tuesday night .
It happened in the 1600 block of 41 Street S.W . at around 8 p.m .
Police said a woman was taken to hospital in stable condition and a bylaw officer suffered minor injuries .
Calgary Bylaw said it was at the aggressive dog owner 's home when it escaped out of the house and bit the investigating officer .
Sherry Ward lives across the street from where the attack happened .
“ The next thing you know , the owner came to the door and the dog just got out and bit her on her leg and she was screaming , went back to her truck and the next thing you know , about three minutes later , we were swarmed by police and an ambulance . It was pretty fast and pretty scary , ” Ward said .
Ward said the dog is known to have caused a problem at least once before in the area .
Bylaw confirmed that the dog had been seized from the owner .
Calgary police continue to investigate .
A 35-year-old woman is in hospital with serious head injuries after police say she was attacked and then thrown into a moving bus in Toronto .
The incident happened last Friday around 10 a.m. on the corner of Sherbourne Street and Queen Street East in the city 's downtown core .
Toronto police say the woman was punched several times by another woman and “ thrown in the path of the bus or into the bus as it passed . ”
The suspect then fled the scene traveling northbound on Sherbourne . It 's unclear what precipitated the assault .
The woman who was attacked remains in hospital in critical condition .
Police say the suspect is described as having a pale-white complexion , around 30 years of age and with red hair . She was wearing a black jacket , grey hoodie , blue jeans and black boots .
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the assault or has video of the incident to come forward .
The public can contact police at 416-808-5100 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
0
Note : We 're kicking off Collider 's Halloween month with a trip through horror history — so far , we 've explored the roots of the genre from 1900 through the 1950s , the 1960s , the1970s , and the 80s , and up today are the best horror films of the 90s . Stay tuned throughout the week as we make our way through the decades and look for more killer horror content every day this month .
Let 's be honest : the 1990s were , at best , a transitional time period for the horror genre , in America as much as anywhere else . Whereas K-Horror and J-Horror just began to find a regular fanbase internationally towards the end of the 90s , thanks in part to the incomparable Ringu and Kiyoshi Kurosawa 's Cure , America found a revitalized love for the slasher , prompted by the release of Wes Craven 's Scream . There were plenty of good and great horror films , mind you , but this was the era after the initial boom , when the genre was coming down off the high of its three defining franchises : Halloween , A Nightmare on Elm Street , and Friday the 13th .
It 's interesting , then , to note that the installments of those franchises that came out in the 1990s , looked to broaden their templates into often absurd realms . In Jason Goes to Hell , the man behind the hockey mask became not just an unstoppable killing machine but a being possessed by a demonic-worm who can only inhabit those in the Voorhees clan . Or something . Freddy 's Dead turned Mr. Krueger into a deadbeat dad attempting to connect with his daughter , jumping through time and dimensions , it would seem , to ensure the death of teenagers worldwide . And as for our brutish friend Mike Myers , he was turned into a kind of super-soldier project , and the series attempted to find more interest in the Illinois community where he lives , wrongly assuming that fans of John Carpenter 's unimpeachable original Halloween would care .
There were a few franchise installments that successfully riled dormant inventiveness – Hellraiser 3 , The Exorcist 3 , Army of Darkness , and Alien 3 , to name just a few – but the very best of the decade build on the idiosyncrasies and perverse obsessions of key works of the 1980s , from Possession and The Shining to The Fly and From Beyond . Films like Se7en and The Silence of the Lambs legitimized the artform in ways that not even Kubrick could pull off , while The Vanishing and Henry : Portrait of a Serial Killer found resonant chills in depicting , detailing , and gazing without hesitation at the work of sadistic psychopaths . Serial killers , and the forensic sciences and psychology that ensnared them , were the bread and butter of the 90s , but the greatest works offered distinct visuals and thematic considerations embedded under the blood and gore . Alien 3 was meant to be a comment on AIDS ; the French shocker Man Bites Dog lampooned the moral flexibility and opportunism of artists looking to make a big break .
A lot of these films could arguably be categorized as thrillers – specifically , Cape Fear , The Silence of the Lambs , and Misery – but horror has always shared DNA with the thriller genre . Looking back at the crucial works of Hitchcock or Tournier , the feelings are primarily terror and horror in the psychological realm , rather than in gushing wounds and severed limbs . Which is n't to say that blood and guts are any reason to take a film less seriously or to accuse it of being immoral simply on the basis of its subject matter . The 1990s were a time where horror solidified itself as an artform , not just capable of a few random works of genius but of dozens that wrestled with politics and societal attitudes in ways that mainstream Hollywood could not deal with without softening its edges and going for saccharine over skepticism , making way for the wildly imaginative genre landscape of the aughts and the 2010s . In this spirit , we decided to gather up the 50 best horror films of the decade , to survey how horror regained its strength and bloomed into narrative vistas that the 1980s barely hinted at .
Following a particularly tragic month for opioid overdose-related incidents in the area , the Simcoe Muskoka Opioid Strategy ( SMOS ) steering committee released a comprehensive strategy to address opioid use , addiction and overdose in the region .
Last week on June 27 , the Simcoe Muskoka District Health Unit issued a public service announcement warning the public that the number of suspected overdose cases in the region had risen above recent levels . According to the release , between June 17 to June 26 , Simcoe and Muskoka hospitals saw 44 suspected drug overdoses .
In an effort to address the ongoing crisis , the Simcoe Muskoka District Health Unit and the North Simcoe Muskoka Local Health Integration Network ( NSM LHIN ) formed the SMOS partnership .
According to SMOS , the strategy was developed over more than a year of work , and incorporates input from approximately 45 local agencies , organizations and the voices of individuals who have experienced the harms of opioid misuse .
The SMOS strategy contains five action pillars :
Prevention Treatment/clinical practice Harm reduction Enforcement Emergency management
The five action pillars are based on the two “ foundational pillars ” of lived experience and data evaluation .
Numbers trending up
That data shows opioid-related overdoses are increasing at an alarming rate in the region .
According to data sourced from the Simcoe Muskoka District Health Unit , opioid overdose emergency department visit rates in Simcoe Muskoka have doubled compared to what was observed between 2010 and 2014 , and have tripled compared to the rates observed in 2004 to 2008 .
Numbers sourced from the Ministry of Health and Long-term Care revealed there were 434 opioid-poisoning emergency department visits in Simcoe Muskoka in 2017 .
Similarly , numbers from the Chief Coroner 's office show that between 2015 and 2016 , 100 opioid overdose-related deaths were reported in Simcoe Muskoka , a 35 per cent increase from statistics recorded for 2013/14 .
“ The impact of opioids in our region has been devastating , ” Dr. Lisa Simon , co-chair of SMOS said in a statement . “ Deaths are only the tip of the iceberg , with huge effects of individuals , families , communities and service providers . As was said to me by an individual with lived experience of opioid use , we can not let this become the new normal . ”
‘ No life is exempt '
One woman who knows the true devastation of the opioid overdose crisis is Evelyn Pollock . She lost her son to opioid overdose . Now she shares his story in order to make a difference .
“ We loved our son dearly , and we struggled with him through the years , ” she said .
Pollock says her son struggled with drug use for years , but tragically succumbed to his addiction in 2017 , at the age of 43 .
“ It 's a problem that really is an epidemic , and one thing I want to say is that I believe we have to separate addiction from the opioid crisis . The opioid crisis is not about addicts , it 's not about addiction . Any family can experience this kind of loss — no life is exempt , ” said Pollock . She says this is because synthetic opioids such as fentanyl and carfentanil are pouring into Canada , and making their way into drugs .
“ It can happen to anyone in an instant . Our son died instantly . His brain stopped his body from breathing the moment he injected whatever it is he thought he was taking , ” she said .
Why Simcoe Muskoka ?
How those synthetic opioids are getting to the Simcoe Muskoka region , and why the region has seen such an alarming spike in opioid-related overdoses remains unclear .
Co-lead of the enforcement pillar , OPP Det.-Insp . Jim Walker , says it is unclear where the drugs are coming from , and he is not sure why Barrie and Simcoe County has seen a spike in numbers . “ It 's something the committee is looking into , why are we at that level , and are there things we can do to address that within the community , ” he said .
Walker says from a law enforcement perspective , Simcoe Muskoka is n't any different than any other community in terms of the way drug trafficking is policed or investigated . “ Ultimately for us , gathering intelligence into who 's supplying , who 's trafficking and who is manufacturing is what we are doing , ” he said .
New clinics offer support to those looking to quit
The full SMOS strategy comes just weeks after two Rapid Access Addiction Medicine ( RAAM ) clinics opened in the region in order to help those dealing with drug use and addiction .
READ MORE : First Simcoe County RAAM clinic opens in Barrie to address opioid-overdose crisis
The new drop-in clinics are designed to serve individuals 16 years of age and older who are struggling with substance use . The RAAM clinics also provide resources to family members seeking personal support regarding a loved one 's addiction .
The clinics offer various services including pharmacotherapy , counselling services , trauma-informed care and will help to connect patients to psycho-social supports within the community .
More help in the works
Similarly , an application is pending for a possible overdose prevention site in Barrie . The Gilbert Centre , along with the Simcoe County branch of the Canadian Mental Health Association ( CMHA ) , filed an application with the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care to appeal for funding as one part of the multi-faceted harm reduction pillar of the SMOS plan .
The application was submitted back in April , however , it is still unclear whether the application will be approved or denied .
“ There has n't been any word from the province , yes or no . At this point , it 's up in the air , ” said Matt Turner , harm reduction co-ordinator at the Gilbert Centre .
In June , the ministry told Global News they were unable to comment on the status of the application , as the ministry was in caretaker mode following the election .
Turner says accessibility issues with the application may have contributed to the long wait on the decision . He says while he was hoping to hear from the province before the writ was drawn , he will be following up in the next few days with the province and will hopefully receive an answer .
READ MORE : Mental health experts push for overdose prevention site as Barrie 's opioid crisis escalates
While the wait continues , Turner maintains that overdose prevention sites are critical in helping people vulnerable to opioid overdoses .
“ Harm reduction is the first entry and engagement for folks to engage with care , so OPS is that first place folks might engage with where they can access treatments , supports and other benefits . You ca n't have treatment without harm reduction , ” he said .
Turner says overdose prevention sites allow people to inject in a space that is safe , monitored and where support from social services and other valuable providers are readily available .
“ People who have died — we ca n't treat them for overdoses , so we need to get them before they pass , ” he said . “ It really is that first entry of care and we need this as part of the overall strategy . It 's just as important as treatment , ” he said .
The full SMOS plan , and more information about the opioid overdose crisis in Simcoe Muskoka can be found here .
A would-be home invader is bruised and banged up – after the Abbotsford homeowner fought back with a baseball bat .
One of the contenders vying to lead the BC Liberal party wo n't have the backing of 1,349 prospective members who were disqualified from voting because of incomplete applications .
A spokesman for Todd Stone 's campaign said email addresses were missing on membership applications for people whose first language is not English .
LISTEN : Membership allegations surrounding Todd Stone 's campaign
In a statement , Peter Fassbender said the issue came to light on Jan. 26 , when the party contacted Stone 's senior campaign team .
Stone immediately requested a full investigation to determine what happened .
Fassbender said the party agreed with Stone that people with incomplete applications should not be allowed to cast a ballot before the Liberal party chooses its next leader on Saturday evening .
READ MORE : Todd Stone campaign accused of illegal signups in BC Liberal leadership race
He said some membership applications by all six campaigns were deemed incomplete because of the party 's rigorous verification process .
BC Liberal Party spokesman David Wasyluk said the cutoff for membership signups was on Dec. 29 and over 14,000 audit calls were made to members to verify their contact information .
Company at centre of issue no stranger to controversy
Of the 1,349 memberships signed up by the Stone campaign and later thrown out , all had email addresses created by an employee of Aggregate IQ — a company the campaign hired .
The small , Victoria-based tech company is no stranger to controversy .
WATCH : Alleged illegal sign-ups in Liberal leadership race
British and Canadian privacy regulators are investigating the Aggregate IQ , for its role in the U.K. 's Brexit vote .
The company is credited with helping the “ Leave ” side score an unexpected victory .
All issues were handled ‘ rapidly , strictly and by the book '
In a thread on Twitter , BC Liberal Party executive director Emile Scheffel wrote that they “ handled all issues with membership applications rapidly , strictly , and by the book . ”
2 . We have handled all issues with membership applications rapidly , strictly , and by the book . We informed each campaign of their number of forms not accepted , and the reasons for those decisions . # bclib18 # bcpoli Story continues below — Emile Scheffel ( @ Emile_BC ) February 2 , 2018
He said they informed each campaign of the number of forms that were n't accepted , and the reasons for those decisions .
Scheffel said that aside from ensuring the security of the leadership vote , the party 's first concern was to be perceived as neutral and fair — which is why they have n't commented in detail about speculation regarding any of the campaigns .
The comments came as the party found itself under fire for saying that “ all ” campaigns had issues with membership sign-ups .
U.S. military among patriotic brands clashing at Super Bowl , Opinion , Feb. 2
Timothy Dewhirst 's column on Super Bowl patriotism is a reminder of the fact that American football is merely war in disguise . Just look at the terminology .
Offensive strategy under the leadership of a field general is made up of a ground attack and an aerial attack featuring a shotgun formation and ultimately the bomb . The defence uses blitzes , sacks , and zone coverage to counter this .
The estimable sports analyst George Carlin summed all of this up in his delightful comparison of football and baseball . It 's also notable that the Army-Navy game is one of the highlights of the U.S. football season .
Bill Kummer , Newmarket
The City of Calgary started accepting cannabis retail store applications as of Tuesday morning and within hours , hundreds of applications had already been submitted .
Prospective cannabis business owner Michelle Laforce is still hunting for a location . She has to lock down a location before she can apply .
“ The trouble right now is looking for a location and the lack of landlords willing to accept cannabis as an option for a store , ” Laforce said .
The potential store locations Laforce is finding that are open to cannabis are in high demand or are getting scooped up by large companies .
“ I 'm just an independent . So it 's more difficult for me because people do n't know who I am yet , ” Laforce said .
READ MORE : Cannabis supporters mark 4/20 days before Calgary accepts marijuana business applications
A lot of companies around Calgary , like New Leaf , have already started construction on their locations , giving people in the community an early look before Canada legalizes the sale and use of recreational marijuana .
The City of Calgary says there is no guarantee for any potential business .
“ There is a review process . The cannabis store is a discretionary use , so there is an appeal period where communities and the applicant can appeal the decision that is made , ” said Brandy MacInnes with the City of Calgary . “ Once we know the date , which we 're anticipating in June , we 'll be able to start approving applications . ”
READ MORE : 87 applications received so far for Alberta cannabis retail stores
Cannabis stores must be separated by at least 300 metres and be 150-metres away from schools . They also ca n't be next to a liquor store .
Calgary Co-op confirmed to Global News that they have submitted applications to sell cannabis on their properties at multiple locations while following the city 's regulations .
Jason Kim , owner of Evolution Vape , says he thinks the cannabis retail high will wear off , just like the vaping industry .
“ Four years ago when we first opened our shop , we were shop No . 16 and now I believe there 's somewhere around 45 to 50 shops in this city . It 's not super lucrative like it used to be , ” Kim said . “ Four-thousands-three-hundred dollars just to apply [ to AGLC ] , that blew my mind . I thought , ‘ No , I do n't want to do that . ' ”
But Laforce is optimistic .
“ I just think that this is very lucrative . I feel like a lot of people will be more willing to at least try cannabis for their health issues , ” she said .
By Tuesday afternoon , the City of Calgary had already received more than 226 applications . A total of 199 of the 226 applications were completed online .
Recreational cannabis use is expected to become legal in mid-August or September .
Next Monday , Business Link is hosting an event to educate recreational marijuana entrepreneurs about how to get into the cannabis retail business .
Tikamgarh : A Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha ( BJYM ) leader has been arrested for allegedly assaulting a woman police officer in full public view after she demanded documents of his motorcycle , rode by his friend , which was involved in a road accident , police said on Tuesday .
The accused , identified as Munendra Singh Bundela ( 24 ) , is the Lidhaura ( area ) Mandal president of the BJYM — the youth wing of the BJP .
Bundela allegedly kicked on the private parts of the woman sub-inspector and threatened to kill her on Monday evening , said district superintendent of police Kumar Prateek . Bundela was arrested on Monday .
Giving details about the incident , Prateek said Bundela 's motorcycle had knocked down and injured a six-year-old girl in the market area in Lidhaura .
`` On receiving information about the incident , the woman officer , who is in-charge of Lidhaura police station , reached the spot . She asked Bundela 's friend Pankaj — who was riding the motorcycle with the BJYM leader sitting pillion — for his driving license and other documents , '' the SP said .
Enraged by this , Bundela allegedly grabbed the officer by the collar of her uniform and kicked her on her private parts .
She was rescued by other police personnel who were accompanying her . They overpowered Bundela , however Pankaj managed to escape , Prateek said .
Bundela has been booked under Sections 186 ( obstructing public servant in discharging duty ) , 294 ( obscene acts and songs ) , 332 ( voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from duty ) , 353 ( assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging duty ) , 354 a ( Sexual harassment and punishment for sexual harassment ) and other Sections of the IPC .
Bundela had fired at a school teacher with a country-made pistol in June 2012 , following which he was booked on charge of attempt to murder , the SP said , adding that he is currently on bail in that case .
When contacted , Tikamgarh BJYM president Rahul Tiwari said Bundela would face strict action if he was found to be involved in the incident .
`` The BJP strongly believes in respecting women and girls . Any act against them is unpardonable in the party , '' he added .
New Delhi : Sunil Ambris has a bad habit of taking his own wicket . For the second time in two matches , the West Indies batsmen got himself out by hitting the wicket .
On Sunday ( December 10 ) , the rookie batsman knocked the stumps with his errant back foot as the Windies continued to struggle against the Kiwis .
In the 34th over , he tried to defend the fifth ball , bowled by Trent Boult , but ended up losing the depth of the crease and his back foot did the rest .
Also watch : Flying Kiwi Trent Boult takes an impossible catch
In the first Test in Wellington , Ambris was out the first ball he 'd faced , from Neil Wagner , in a similar fashion .
He thus became the first player to be dismissed hit-wicket twice in consecutive Tests .
Watch it here :
The 24-year-old , in his young career , has been dismissed thrice , and two of those were hit-wickets .
But the distinction of having the most number of dismissals by hit wicket still belongs to England batsman Denis Compton , at five .
Meanwhile , on Day 3 of the match , former Kiwi captain Ross Taylor hit a record-equalling 17th century to help New Zealand take complete control in Hamilton .
The Windies set a world-record target of 444 to win , were in trouble at 30 for two by stumps with two full days of play remaining .
Are you paying a rent of over Rs 50,000 per month ? You will now have to deduct tax at source at 5 percent beginning 1 June . This is according to a new section 194-IB added to the Finance Act , 2017 .
Keep in mind that any sum deducted under this section 194-IB , you will have to pay the credit to the central government within a period of thirty days from the end of the month in which the deduction is made .
You will need to use the challan-cum-statement in Form No . 26QC to do so . The amount deducted as tax can be transferred electronically to the Reserve Bank of India or State Bank of India or any other authorised bank .
You will have to give a certificate of deduction of tax at source in Form No.16C to the payee within fifteen days from the due date for furnishing the challan-cum-statement in Form No.26QC .
Also note that if the rent is paid as an advance then the TDS is required to be deducted on the adjustment of such deposit against rent .
You do n't need to cut TDS every month , as it can be done in the last month of the financial year . In case you are vacating the flat during the year , the TDS can be cut in the last month of tenancy .
Philadelphia is a city in mourning , but also one with a flicker of hope .
A day after Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz hobbled off to the Coliseum locker room during the third quarter against the Rams , the grim news was confirmed : The NFL most valuable player candidate suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee , ending his season and perhaps Philadelphia 's best chance for its first Lombardi Trophy .
The Eagles clinched the NFC East with their 43-35 victory , but now are forced to move forward without their second-year star . Nick Foles steps into the starting role . Coach Doug Pederson tried to put as positive a spin as possible on the situation at his news conference Monday . Asked if his team can overcome this , he did n't hesitate .
“ It sure can , heck yeah , ” Pederson said . “ We overcame [ losing ] a Pro Bowl left tackle . We overcame our middle linebacker . We overcame our running back . We 've overcome a core special-teams player this year . This is no different .
“ But you know what , the reason we went out and got Nick Foles was for reasons like this and situations like this . I 'm excited for Nick . I hate it for Carson Wentz . I hate it for the career , the season , I guess , that he 's been having . But at the same time , it 's been the next-man-up mentality , and that 's how we approach it . ”
The 11-2 Eagles have the NFC 's No . 1 seed with three games remaining : at the New York Giants , and home against Oakland and Dallas .
Foles played for the Eagles from 2012-14 before spending the next two seasons with the Rams ( 2015 ) and Kansas City ( 2016 ) . He had one spectacular season in Philadelphia — never coming close to that before or since — when he threw 27 touchdowns with two interceptions in 2013 .
There is significant precedent for teams using multiple quarterbacks and reaching or winning the Super Bowl .
San Francisco did that in 2012 , when Alex Smith was sidelined with a concussion and never got his job back from Colin Kaepernick , whose team was edged by Baltimore in the Super Bowl .
In 2000 , the Ravens benched Tony Banks at midseason and replaced him with Trent Dilfer . Baltimore lost its first game after the switch , but then , led by its phenomenal defense , went on to win 11 straight , culminating with a Super Bowl victory .
There were other teams that used multiple quarterbacks in championship seasons , among them Miami ( Bob Griese and Earl Morrall ) , Dallas ( Craig Morton and Roger Staubach ) , Pittsburgh ( Joe Gilliam and Terry Bradshaw ) , and the Raiders in Oakland ( Dan Pastorini and Jim Plunkett ) and Los Angeles ( Marc Wilson and Plunkett ) . The 1979 Rams got to the Super Bowl with both Pat Haden and Vince Ferragamo starting games .
In 1990 , the Giants lost Phil Simms to a broken foot in the middle of December . Jeff Hostetler replaced him , leading the team to victories in its final two regular-season games . Those Giants , coached by Bill Parcells , would tear through the postseason with three wins for their second Super Bowl title .
“ One of the main things I tried to do is explain to the team that Jeff Hostetler was n't going to be the reason why we did n't succeed , ” Parcells said by phone Monday . “ I said , ‘ If our team is good enough to do this , which I think we are , he 'll do his part . ' So I just tried to show confidence in Jeff , and I had confidence in him . You never really know what 's going to happen , but I did n't feel like he was going to hold us back in any way . ”
And Hostetler did n't , throwing for three touchdowns and one interception in those regular-season games , and three more touchdowns with no interceptions in the postseason . The Giants beat Buffalo in the Super Bowl 20-19 , a game best remembered for the wide-right field-goal attempt by Buffalo 's Scott Norwood at the end .
“ The two weeks that we had [ at the end of the regular season ] were valuable to me , because we could put more emphasis on a few things that we would n't have put emphasis on with Phil Simms , ” Parcells said .
“ Losing Wentz is a big hole , no doubt , but if the rest of the team is good enough to be champions , then there 's a good chance Foles will be OK . ”
Retired quarterback Jeff Garcia understands precisely what it would mean to Eagles fans if Foles were to pick up where Wentz left off and make a playoff run .
Garcia is still beloved in Philadelphia after his magnificent performance in 2006 , when he took over toward the end of the year after Donovan McNabb 's season-ending knee injury . After a blowout loss at Indianapolis in his first start , Garcia directed the largely written-off Eagles to five consecutive victories — including three division road wins in a row — and the NFC East crown . Those Eagles beat the Giants in the first round of the playoffs , then lost to New Orleans .
In eight games , Garcia had 10 touchdown passes , two interceptions and an impressive passer rating of 95.8 . He also achieved local legend status .
“ There 's absolutely an opportunity for Nick Foles , ” Garcia said . “ I 'm sure if you look at my Twitter , you 'll still see Eagles fans wanting me to come back . That 's just the love and appreciation they have for me and what I was able to help the Eagles do back in 2006 . They do n't forget . They 're very appreciative , and I appreciate that and how they think that , ” laughing now , “ even at 47 I can come back and do it .
Tremor fans must be wallowing in the warm light of riches , as the franchise continues to have big plans of the future . Not only are we getting the return of Kevin Bacon in a new Tremors TV show , the movie franchise is continuing on as strong as ever with the sixth installment Tremors : A Cold Day in Hell . Today we have a first look at this exciting sequel , starring Michael Gross and Jamie Kennedy .
Universal Pictures Home Entertainment division announced the sequel in 2017 , when production kicked off almost exactly one year ago today . Now , the movie is finished , and a trailer should be on the way soon . Universal offered this official synopsis .
`` Intrepid creature hunter Burt Gummer and his son Travis find themselves in a remote hotbed of giant man-eating worms in the newest action-packed entry in the wildly popular Tremors franchise . ''
The movie was shot in Cape Town , South Africa , where the fifth installment Tremors 5 : Bloodlines was also shot . That movie introduced Jamie Kennedy as , SPOILER ALERT , Burt Gummer 's long lost son . Now , father and son have started a worm hunting business together . This outrageous horror comedy has the pair at a remote research station where they come under attack by what Burt fears could be weaponized Graboids . Tremors 6 is getting released on Blu-ray , DVD and Digital HD in 2018 from Universal 1440 Entertainment , a production entity of Universal Pictures Home Entertainment . At this time , Universal has n't hammered out an official release date . But that , along with the first trailer , should be on the way soon . Said Glenn Ross , general manager and executive vice president , Universal 1440 Entertainment .
`` This is going to be the craziest , most over-the-top movie in the Tremors saga to date . It takes the franchise 's signature combination of suspense , action and humor to new explosive heights . ''
Michael Gross and Jamie Kennedy return as Burt Gummer and Travis Welker . This time around , they are joined by franchise newcomers Tanya van Graan ( Death Race : Inferno , Zulu ) , Rob van Vuuren ( Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom ) and Greg Kriek ( Momentum ) . Tremors 6 is helmed by returning Don Michael Paul ( Sniper : Legacy , Tremors 5 : Bloodlines ) from a script by returning writer John Whelpley ( Tremors 5 : Bloodlines , Dallas ) . The film is produced by Mike Elliot ( Kindergarten Cop 2 , Halloween II ) . The director of photography is Hein de Vos ( District 9 , Dominion ) .
Burt Gummer ( Michael Gross ) and his son Travis Welker ( Jamie Kennedy ) find themselves up to their ears in Graboids and Ass-Blasters when they head to Canada to investigate a series of deadly giant-worm attacks . Arriving at a remote research facility in the arctic tundra , Burt begins to suspect that Graboids are secretly being weaponized , but before he can prove his theory , he is sidelined by Graboid venom . With just 48 hours to live , the only hope is to create an antidote from fresh venom , but to do that , someone will have to figure out how to milk a Graboid ! Check out four new photos of Burt and son in action . These photos first appeared at Screen Rant .
By Umaru Fofana
FREETOWN ( Reuters ) - Corruption under former Sierra Leone President Ernest Koroma who stepped down in April took the economy to the brink of collapse , a report commissioned by his successor , President Julius Maada Bio , said on Wednesday .
`` Corruption is at a level that can destroy this nation , '' Bio said in a televised speech after receiving the report in the capital Freetown . `` I consider the level of corruption that we have met as a national security issue . ''
Authorities should set up a judicial commission to recover stolen state assets including buildings , land and hundreds of government vehicles , said the report by a 12-member team .
Koroma 's media officer , Ismael Sheriff , said Koroma was out of the country and would respond once he had read the report . He is expected back in Sierra Leone in the coming days .
In a statement , his APC party called the report a `` witch hunt and political intimidation '' intended to distract attention from Bio 's first 100 days , which it said were a `` complete failure '' .
Sierra Leone , recovering from a decade of civil war that ended in 2002 , saw its economy wrecked by an Ebola epidemic that peaked in 2014 and a slump in global commodity prices . In March , Bio , then in opposition , defeated a candidate from the APC to win the presidency after campaigning to stamp out graft .
`` The Governance Transition Team has uncovered evidence of the former government facilitating the inappropriate acquisition of state 's assets and properties by relatives and close friends of the former president , '' the report said .
`` There is also evidence of inflated government contracts being inappropriately awarded to such relatives and friends , '' it said , citing fiscal indiscipline as another problem .
The 82-page report accused Koroma 's government of selling a 30 percent government stake in a mining venture to his nephew John Sisay at an artificially low price of about $ 12 million . The shares were later sold on for $ 95 million , the report said .
Sisay did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
The report also accused the previous administration , which governed for a decade , of exploiting the Ebola outbreak to award contracts to companies with close ties to APC officials . Cornelius Deveaux , the APC 's press secretary , denied that .
Newly-elected governments in West Africa often accuse their predecessors of corruption . Those accused in turn frequently say authorities use the judiciary for political ends .
The report recommended audits of the agencies in charge of telecommunications , energy and revenue and social security as well as the central bank and two state-owned commercial banks .
The commissioner of Sierra Leone 's Anti-Corruption Commission ( ACC ) , Francis Ben Kaifala , told Reuters it would take a few weeks to determine which accusations in the report would be worth pursuing but that some were already under investigation .
Bio pledged in May to follow through with campaign promises to review mining contracts and consider legislative changes to ensure that the country benefits from its reserves of diamonds , mineral sands and bauxite .
( Additional reporting by Cooper Inveen and Sofia Christensen ; Writing by Aaron Ross ; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Peter Graff )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
A Leeds lap dancing club has been allowed to continue trading by licensing chiefs .
Councillors this morning considered an application by Silks Gentlemen 's Lounge , on Sovereign Place , for the renewal of a Sex Establishment Licence .
Leeds City Council 's Licensing Sub-Committee heard that no objections had been made to the request .
Read more : Leeds lapdance club 's licence renewal
Couns Brian Selby , Billy Flynn and Al Garthwaite granted the renewal , and it is understood that this will last for one year .
In 2013 , Leeds City Council put a cap on the number of lap dancing clubs allowed to trade in the city at any one time , slashing the maximum to four from the seven that were operating at the time . Silks first began trading in Leeds city centre in 2009 .
An application to renew its licence in April last year was objected to by the Support After Rape and Sexual Violence Leeds ( SARSVL ) charity .
The public and press were excluded from the majority of today 's hearing because of the inclusion of “ information which is likely to reveal the identity of an individual ” and financial details .
Maria Cunningham , a designated premises supervisor , said : “ I 'm delighted that the licence was renewed and particularly that there were no objections received . ”
Read more : New lap dancing club to open next to one of Leeds ' most historic buildings
In health matters tonight , one sportswear retailer is taking a big step forward — to embrace a healthier outlook on body image .
Police have launched and investigation after late night van fire in a quiet Hartlepool residential street .
The fire broke out in a white van parked in Milton Road , in the Grange Road area of the town late last night .
The fire in Milton Road .
Neighbours reported hearing glass smashing and footsteps running away from the scene immediately prior to the vehicle being engulfed in flames at about 11.20pm
A spokesman for Stranton Fire Station said they were called to the scene at 11.20pm .
They sent one fire appliance and were on the scene for 45 minutes , using one breathing apparatus to tackle the blaze .
He said the cause of the fire is unknown and that it is being investigated by police .
A woman , aged in her fifties , whose home overlooks the scene was in bed when she heard the sound of glass breaking .
She said : `` I was in bed - not asleep - and I heard glass smashing and a couple of people 's feet running away from the street .
`` I thought someone had smashed into a car or something .
`` I got out of bed and the flames were really going .
`` People were really brave and moved their cars out of the way to make way for the fire engine .
`` I could n't believe the heat coming off the fire . My bedroom filled with smoke - it smelled like electric wires .
`` This morning I could see the side window and windscreen of the van were smashed . ''
ISLAMABAD Apr 18 ( APP ) : The National Assembly on Tuesday strongly
condemned murder of Wali Khan University student Mashal Khan and demanded of the government to award exemplary punishment to culprits .
The House unanimously adopted a resolution to condemn what it called the heinous crime of killing someone in the name of blasphemy and called for incorporating certain safeguards in blasphemy law to avoid recurrence of such incidents .
The members resolved that nobody should be allowed to take law into his hands and resort to condemnable act of killing someone . The resolution was moved to the House by Minister for Defence Production Rana Tanvir Hussain .
“ This House unanimously condemns the barbaric and cold-blooded murder of Mashal Khan and resolves to ensure that strong safeguards may be inserted into Blasphemy Law to prevent its abuse through such atrocities in future including by mobs involved in such crime , ” stated the resolution adopted by the House .
“ This House strongly demand the federal and provincial governments to
take strict action , in accordance with law , against the perpetrators and facilitators of this heinous crime , including those making hate speeches , ” the resolution further stated .
The National Assembly also condemned all those who take law into their
own hands and engage in vigilantism , resulting in loss of innocent human lives .
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder .
Minassian , 25 , made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit . He showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court .
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10 .
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he 's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack . Court documents identified them as : Sammantha Samson , Samantha Peart , Morgan McDougall , Mavis Justino , Catherine Riddell , Aleksandra Kozhevinikova , Amir Kiumarsi , Yunsheng Tian , Jun Seok Park , Amaresh Tesfamariam , Beverly Smith , Robert Anderson , and So Ra .
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian .
Minassian 's father , Vahe Minassian , was escorted out of the court by police officers .
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed .
Long hair has its own set of troubles in the monsoon ; as the wind gets stronger and the skies get cloudier , you know your mane is headed towards frizz and damage , all the while you 're busy constantly trying to stay away from rain water . We chatted with London-based long hair styling master Patrick Cameron—who is also the resident hair expert at Wella Professionals—for his best tips and tricks on keeping long hair looking good and feeling great through the humid monsoon season .
What are the common hair concerns that are specific to long hair ?
The condition of the hair—you know , making sure that the hair is in the best possible condition . And I think when we speak to most long-haired people , almost the first thing they do is apologise for the condition . You did that too , just as we started talking . ( I did ! ) So I think that 's probably the number one concern .
How do the rains affect your hair ?
Humidity , here in India particularly , can have a huge effect . Because when you put moisture in the hair , it swells it straight away . People who have wavy hair , curly hair or frizzy hair would often find [ that ] when the monsoon comes , it comes with a really strong sense of humidity , and [ the size of their hair ] almost doubles . The hair starts to expand as a result of humidity . And so , you 've got to fight that hair with a lot more product… with a lot more preparation . When you know it 's going to be really wet out there , if you 've got a lot of hair , find some really interesting ways to tie it up .
What are the best hairstyles for long hair to keep it out of the way ?
Obviously , [ the best way to keep ] long hair out of the rain is [ to pile it ] up under a hat , or [ keep it safe ] under an umbrella . For me , there are so many beautiful styles out there . But if I had to say something really simple , I 'd probably say braids—they 're very in . Or you could separate the hair into two , do two braids down along the side , and you can fold the braids up a little around your head itself for a really pretty hairstyle . You can also just braid your fringe across into a back ponytail—simple ways of styling hair that look beautiful . And another thing is flowers are so beautiful ; artificial flowers . [ And ] Accessories that you can put into the hair , so that it feels special .
What 's the best daily hair care routine for someone with long hair ?
Most people with very long hair wash it once or twice a week , and that 's perfectly alright . You know , you do n't have to wash it every single day . So , for me—I know from my own experience with my curly hair—I like to put moisture into the hair with flowing foam , or even very heavy conditioner . [ Just take a ] little bit of it on your hand like you would do for your skin , and put that into the hair .
How does one avoid split ends if they 're trying to grow out their hair ?
Electrical appliances like straightening irons are very hard on the hair , which is fragile . So if you over-straighten hair or you chemically over-work it , you will be more prone to split ends . The only thing , I always say to every long-haired person , is to build a great relationship with their hairdresser . Get your treatments [ done ] , and there are services that just deal with split ends . There are certain things like oils and saunas [ that ] are great to protect the ends of the hair . Here in India , a lot of people still have the notion , the pre-conceived idea that if they use too much product on their hair , it 's going to break . And I think that is complete rubbish because no one designs products to destroy hair . We 're in the business of maintaining hair . Invest in a good bristle brush , because plastic brushes will split hair and make it go electric . And another thing as well—whenever you 're brushing your long hair , always start from the end and gently work your way upwards .
What are the best accessories for long hair ?
Flowers for me are very pretty because again , festival hair in New York is very big . It 's brave , it 's casual , you can use real flowers or plastic . Silk and plastic accessories are great because they can just make the hair look fresh in an instant .
What does long hair maintenance comprise of ?
Long hair maintenance comprises of , first of all , treatments . Now I know in India , oil is very big . But I think there are a lot of better products in the market than the heavy oils because those often do n't smell very nice , do n't feel very good and can be hard to rinse out of the hair . Oil also separates the hair on the scalp , so it 's not a very attractive look .
Are there any hair colour tricks that make long hair look better ?
If the hair is just a little bit fine , it 's nice to put a little bit of a highlight in the hair because it swells the hair a little bit and makes it thicker . I also love a fusion of pastels , so gradients from purple to pink to lilac . For me , when it comes colouring long hair , what you do n't want is visible regrowth . When you have long hair , it takes a lot of time to grow out a full colour job . What I suggest is to use flashes of colour right under your parting , so you 're able to flip your hair and you can cover the roots when you want to .
Also read :
Deepika Padukone , Alia Bhatt showcase two cool hairstyles for long hair
Ask an expert : How should I take care of chemically straightened hair ?
How to humidity proof your hair
This indulgent new hair oil ritual will relax your stressed mane ( and mind )
7 sun-safe hair products to take to the beach
Delmah V. Doremus , 98 , passed away at home on Jan. 20 after a long illness . She was the widow of William Albert Doremus , a longtime resident of Red Bank and a former chief of the Red Bank Fire Department . Mrs. Doremus was a member of the Red Bank Fire Department Ladies Auxiliary .
She is survived by her stepchildren , Charles A. Doremus , Marilyn Doremus King , Thomas Doremus and Larry Doremus . Also surviving are children Mary Beth Godville and Thomas Martin and 20 grandchildren .
If so inclined , please make donations in her honor to the Red Bank Fire Auxiliary at 90 Monmouth St. , Red Bank , NJ 07701 .
The Supreme Court on Monday hinted at referring petitions against Articles 370 and 35A of the Constitution — which give special provisions to Jammu and Kashmir — to a constitution bench.The top court said all petitions that demand scrapping of the articles should be heard together . The SC is now likely to hear all cases on August 29.Article 370 provides special status to Jammu and Kashmir , while Article 35A gives powers to the state legislature to define permanent residents of the state and their privileges.The Supreme Court last month had asked the Centre to file a reply within three weeks to a writ petition filed by NGO 'We the Citizens ' seeking that Article 35A be struck down.The PIL said the state government , under the guise of Article 35A and Article 370 , has been discriminating against non-residents who are debarred from buying properties , getting a government job or voting in the local elections.Last month , Supreme Court lawyer Charu Wali Khanna also challenged Article 35A on the grounds that it was discriminatory towards women . “ Article 14 of the Constitution gives a fundamental right to equality before law . But 35A is heavily loaded in favour of males because even after marriage to women from outside , they will not lose the right of being permanent residents , ” she had told the court.Speaking in favour of the articles , National Conference leader and former J & K chief minister Omar Abdullah said the two provisions ca n't be scrapped . “ The central government should file counter-affidavits , ” he told reporters on Monday.The legal challenge to Article 35A had led to yet another separatists-sponsored strike in the Valley on Sunday , with schools , colleges , shops , business establishments and private offices remaining closed.The separatist camp , including the hardline and moderate factions of the Hurriyat Conference and the Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front ( JKLF ) , allege that the challenge is an attempt to change the demographic of the state.Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti met Prime Minister Narendra Modi last week and said he had given “ 100 % assurance ” that he would back the PDP-BJP government 's Agenda of Alliance , which says that the status of Article 370 ca n't be `` fiddled with '' .The meeting had come a day after BJP spokesperson Virendra Gupta said time had come to bid farewell to Articles 370 and 35A as they created a `` separatist psyche '' .
The Titan stock has appreciated as much as 42 % in the last one year suggesting that most of the positives are factored into the price at these levels . Photo : Ramesh Pathania/Mint
After touching an annual closing high of Rs551.85 on 5 June , the Titan Co. Ltd stock has given up some of those gains . The euphoria that led the stock to soar last week was the fact that the goods and services tax ( GST ) rate on gold jewellery was decided at 3 % , lower than expectations of a 5 % rate .
But despite the recent decline in the share price , the stock still trades at about 44.7 times estimated earnings for this fiscal year , which is pretty stretched .
Analysts believe that the 3 % rate will help Titan gain market share ( currently at about 5 % ) from the unorganized sector over the medium term . That 's because as compliance levels under the GST regime increase , it is expected to reduce the price differential vis-à-vis unorganized firms . According to IIFL Institutional Equities , the resultant reduction in price differential should aid market share gains and drive 20 % FY17-20 earnings per share compound annual growth rate .
Further , the 3 % rate is similar to the current rate and should not materially disrupt consumer behaviour , pointed out analysts from IIFL Institutional Equities in a note on 5 June .
The way GST implementation takes place and the implications on the unorganized sector will be key things to watch for . A good measure to evaluate the progress would be to track the market share gains the company makes .
But what is paramount really is demand , and things have been good for Titan on that front . It has had two good quarters in a row . In fact , the jewellery segment , which is the company 's main revenue contributor , had performed even better in the recently ended March quarter than the December one , which was the demonetisation quarter . The good run may well continue this quarter too . Analysts say a higher number of wedding days will support performance for the June quarter . New launches are expected to help .
The Titan stock has appreciated as much as 42 % in the last one year suggesting that most of the positives are factored into the price at these levels . As mentioned earlier , valuations are expensive . Needless to say , if the anticipated gains from GST are n't as big as forecast , investors will be disappointed . According to Bloomberg , 16 analysts have a “ buy ” rating on the Titan stock , eight have a “ hold ” rating and a equal number have a “ sell ” rating .
Upgrade is a knockout blend of Sci-fi , horror , and action . A seemingly simple premise leads to an intriguing foray into the evolution of man and the use of artificial intelligence . It 's a heady turn in the bloodbath . Upgrade is spectacularly violent , but not torture porn . There 's a method to the brutality . The world depicted is not that far away . I wish the mystery element were more refined . A minor drawback , but it prevents Upgrade from reaching loftier heights .
Upgrade takes place in the near future . Logan Marshall-Green stars as Grey Trace , an old-fashioned grease monkey surrounded by advanced technology . He spurns high tech , but his beautiful wife ( Melanie Vallejo ) embraces it . She has a self-driving car and 3D prints dinner , instead of old-fashioned cooking . Their home is a wonder of automation .
Grey 's life changes dramatically after delivering a muscle car to a reclusive inventor ( Harrison Gilbertson ) . A savage attack destroys his idyllic world , leaving him paralyzed and bitter . He watches helplessly as the lead detective ( Betty Gabriel ) struggles to find answers . Grey gets a top secret chance to be healed . A cutting edge processor , STEM , can bridge the divide between his mind and body . The results are miraculous , but with an unexpected side effect . STEM gives Grey the ability to move his body with mechanical precision . He has been upgraded as a human . Grey enters this new frontier with one objective , revenge .
Upgrade can be analyzed on multiple levels . As a science fiction film , it is extraordinary . The future is both wondrous and frightening . Automated homes , cars , police drones , technology is helpful and efficient . It 's even more amazing when the medical possibilities are explored . But this is when the lines blur into something dark and sinister . Grey 's use of STEM , and the similarly upgraded villains he faces , portray the horrific potential . A gun imbedded in your arm is far deadlier . Close your eyes as your body exacts machine-like murder . At what point does humanity give up control to artificial intelligence ? The scenario is all too real .
Upgrade has hardcore , ass-kicking action scenes . They are brilliantly shot by Whannell and cinematographer , Stefan Duscio . Grey 's movements , when using STEM , are clearly puppet-like . They succeed in showing what a machine can do in control of the human body . To be clear , this is n't Terminator or cyborgs run amuck . Grey 's upgrade is entirely believable in context of this story . Whannell 's script posits a realistic future . All present signs point to these advancements being achieved . Upgrade is a warning about the consequences . Repairing paralysis will be welcomed . But that level of biological manipulation can spurn horrific outcomes .
A mystery lies at the center of Grey 's attack . The character , with the help of STEM , seeks the truth mercilessly . The big reveal is expected . The clues are dropped like lead weights . It 's not entirely obvious , but I was able to deduce where the plot was going quickly . Upgrade flies by with a ninety-five runtime . The film will keep you glued to the screen . Whannell had leeway to bulk up the story elements . Another ten minutes of exposition would have added dramatic heft . I understand the reasoning . Upgrade is produced by Jason Blum and Neon under the BH Tilt banner . Blum is the king of micro-budget horror . He aims for short and sweet . Upgrade fits that mold , but could have surpassed it . The plot , execution , and tremendous entertainment value warranted more screen time .
Upgrade is a must-see . It straddles several genres successfully . The violence is n't for the squeamish , but does fit the story . Upgrade delves into the philosophical conundrum of artificial intelligence . It shows how unchecked technology advances with dangerous intent . Leigh Whannell delivers his best film since Saw .
Vallejo City Unified School District Superintendent Dr. Adam Clark said he can “ neither confirm nor deny ” that a Thursday morning shooting is related to an on-campus incident between two grade school children and their fathers .
Officers responded to a report Thursday of a man down on Kemper Street in Vallejo around 10:15 a.m . The victim had been shot and died at the scene , according to police .
San Francisco TV station KRON reported that the shooting occurred between two fathers and sprung from a fight between their two first-graders at Loma Vista Elementary , and that the students had been sent to the office for insulting one another .
“ I do n't know where KRON got that information from , ” said Clark , “ but I ca n't comment about anything that may have or may not have taken place between two students . ”
Clark did say that there was an “ incident in the community ” and that there were “ families who attend Loma Vista who were affected by it . ”
Clark said that grief counselors have been dispatched to the school .
Authorities have yet to release the identity of the man who was shot .
The homicide was the 11th of the year in Vallejo .
Thanos is everywhere these days thanks to the massive success of Infinity War . While many fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe were shocked and saddened by what the Mad Titan pulled off at the end of the film , some fans stood by his choice to wipe out half of the universe 's population , even though it may have been made in a deceitful manner . A subreddit was quickly put in place , calling itself Thanos Did Nothing Wrong and now they 're about to imitate the ending of Infinity War by killing ( banning } half of their subscribers to the subreddit .
Life will be imitating art in the best possible way when the Thanos Did Nothing Wrong subreddit bans half of its users . The-Jedi-Apprentice is a moderator for the subreddit and recently revealed that he initially aimed to delete half of the users on July 3rd , but that idea was ruled out . So now , the event will take place on July 9th , which means there 's still plenty of time to go and subscribe to the subreddit and see if you survive the `` snap '' of the moderators . The-Jedi-Apprentice went on to detail his process . He had this to say .
`` ( A Reddit-Admin ) told me that doing a massive ban the day before July 4 was a terrible idea , because many of Reddit 's engineers would be out with their families . Also , the engineers would not be prepared for a mass ban so close to it . However , I presented a solution to these two problems , and now I have their permission to ban half the sub ! The random 50 % ban will take place on July 9th . The admins are designing a bot for me that will allow me to do the job in a quick and easy manner . ''
For those unlucky users of the Thanos Did Nothing Wrong subreddit who get banned , there 's no need to worry . There 's already new subreddits named Soul World and Soul Stone that are based on the theory that all of the dusted characters from Infinity War are trapped in the Soul Stone . So , if you find out that you were banned after the Mad Titan 's snap , you can head over to either of those subreddits with the rest of the unlucky souls .
The popularity of Thanos has been pretty unbelievable since the release of Infinity War . We 've seen a website dedicated to letting MCU fans know if they survived the mighty snap or if they turned to dust . There 's even an awesome cosplayer who decided to take Grimace from McDonald 's and mash him up with Thanos , which may be one of the best costumes ever constructed . Thanos fever is far from over with Avengers 4 on the horizon , so basically it 's just getting started .
As previously noted , there 's still plenty of time to go sign up for the Thanos Did Nothing Wrong subreddit , which as of this writing , has nearly 300,000 subscribers . There 's a good chance that number will double in the coming weeks once the word begins to spread , so get over there quick and await your destiny . When it 's all over , Avengers 4 will figure out a way to bring you back . Head over to r/Thanos Did Nothing Wrong to see where you end up .
Cartoon character Peppa Pig has been blamed for contributing to patients ' unrealistic expectations of what they can expect from their GP .
A general practitioner , writing in the BMJ , also suggested the TV show , aimed at pre-schooler children , could be encouraging inappropriate use of services .
Dr Catherine Bell said she has often wondered why some patients immediately attempt to consult their GP about minor ailments , and as the mother of a toddler who is an avid watcher of the series , she thinks she has discovered the answer .
Among the characters on the show is Dr Brown Bear , a GP who works alone and also appears to provide his patients with an excellent service , prompt and direct telephone access , continuity of care , extended hours , and a low threshold for home visits .
In the tongue-in-cheek piece , she offers a number of case studies and considers the potential impact Dr Brown Bear 's actions could have on patient behaviour .
In the first , Dr Brown Bear makes an urgent home visit to a three-year-old piglet with a facial rash .
He reassures the parents it is `` nothing serious '' and offers a dose of medicine , adding that the rash is likely to clear up quickly regardless .
This case questions whether Dr Brown Bear is an unscrupulous private practitioner for conducting an arguably clinically inappropriate home visit , writes Dr Bell .
`` It is also an example of unnecessary prescribing for a viral illness , and encourages patients to attempt to access their GP inappropriately , '' she adds .
Dr Bell , who is based in Sheffield , also writes of how Dr Brown Bear makes an emergency visit to the playgroup after a three-year-old pony coughs three times .
After examining the patient , he administers a dose of medicine immediately and warns that the cough could be transmitted to others .
When the rest of the playgroup attendees and their parents develop symptoms , they are all given a dose of a pink medicine .
Dr Brown Bear then also develops symptoms , which Dr Bell suggests shows he is suffering from `` burnout '' .
`` His disregard for confidentiality , parental consent , record keeping , and his self prescribing indicate that the burden of demand from his patient population is affecting his health .
`` He is no longer able to offer the level of service his patients have come to expect , '' she adds .
Peppa Pig is broadcast in more than 180 countries , meaning that the way primary care is portrayed is likely to be influential to many people all over the world , writes Dr Bell .
While Peppa Pig conveys many positive public health messages , such as encouraging healthy eating , exercise , and road safety , she suspects that `` exposure to Peppa Pig and its portrayal of general practice raises patient expectation and encourages inappropriate use of primary care services '' .
4 p.m .
The stock market closed sharply lower , extending a weeklong slide , as the Dow Jones industrial average plunged more than 600 points .
Stocks ended their worst week in two years Friday , and the Dow 's drop was its biggest in percentage terms since June 2016 .
Several giant U.S. companies dropped after reporting weak earnings , including Exxon Mobil and Alphabet . Apple and Chevron also fell .
Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years , stoking fears of inflation .
The Dow fell 665 points , or 2.5 percent , to 25,520 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index dropped 59 points , or 2.1 percent , to 2,762 . The S & P is down almost 4 percent since hitting a record high a week ago .
The Nasdaq fell 144 points , or 2 percent , to 7,240 .
___
2:25 p.m .
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 500 points , or 2 percent , as a weeklong slump in stock market picks up speed .
The market is heading for its biggest weekly drop in two years .
Weak earnings from several giant U.S. companies including Exxon Mobil and Alphabet , Google 's parent company , further dented investors ' confidence .
Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported another gain in hiring last month as well as the fastest wage growth in eight years , stoking fears of inflation .
The Dow fell 515 points , or 2 percent , to 25,675 . The Standard & Poor 's 500 index gave up 49 points , or 1.8 percent , to 2,773 .
The Nasdaq fell 108 points , or 1.5 percent , to 7,278 .
Bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.85 percent .
___
11:45 a.m .
Stocks fell sharply in midday trading , putting the market on track for its worst week in two years .
Energy companies fell more than the rest of the market Friday after Exxon Mobil and Chevron reported disappointing results .
Exxon lost 5.7 percent and Chevron fell 3.7 percent .
Technology companies also fell . Google 's parent company , Alphabet , dropped 5 percent .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index gave up 30 points , or 1.1 percent , to 2,791 .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 343 points , or 1.3 percent , to 25,841 . The Nasdaq fell 74 points , or 1 percent , to 7,312 .
Bond yields shot higher after the government reported another month of strong job gains and wage growth , further stoking fears of inflation .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent .
___
9:35 a.m .
Technology companies were leading stocks broadly lower in early trading , extending the market 's slide into a second day .
Google 's parent company Alphabet slumped 4.6 percent Friday after reporting results that missed analysts ' forecasts .
Exxon Mobile sank 5 percent and Chevron lost 1.8 percent . Both also reported results that fell short of forecasts .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index gave up 19 points , or 0.7 percent , to 2,802 .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 252 points , or 1 percent , to 25,937 . The Nasdaq composite fell 37 points , or 0.5 percent , to 7,346 .
Bond prices fell after the government reported more job gains last month . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent .
PanARMENIAN.Net - Partnering on an anticipated title from a distinguished Latin American woman director which offers an original take on Latin-America-U.S. emigration , Sandro Fiorin 's Miami-based FiGa Films has boarded Julia Solomonoff 's upcoming “ Nobody 's Watching ” , Variety said .
One of the foremost sales companies of Latin American films , FiGa Films will handle international sales on this singular Latin American/U.S production .
Largely set in New York , and spoken in English and Spanish , “ Nobody 's Watching ” marks Solomonoff 's follow-up to “ Sisters , ” backed by Walter Salles , and “ The Summer of la Boyita , ” co-produced by Pedro and Agustin Almodovar 's El Deseo . Solomonoff produced Julia Murat 's “ Pendular , ” which plays in this year 's Berlinale Panorama section .
“ A film about immigration but not about a man searching for a green card , ” in Solomonoff words , “ Nobody 's Watching ” stars Argentine actor Guillermo Pfening ( “ The German Doctor , ” “ Boyita ” ) . Pfening plays Nico , an attractive Argentinean and famous actor back in Argentina who lives in New York and works as a part-time servant , house-keep and male nanny . He becomes unexpectedly attached to baby Theo , who will stir in him a new tenderness and a search for home , the film 's synopsis runs .
But Nico 's world is shaken by the unexpected arrival of Martin , his former producer and lover , forcing him to confront the true reasons for his running away .
“ The film examines an immigrant experience that does n't often land on the screen : the unexpected gains that ‘ failure ' can provide and the realization that actual success lies in the journey of self-discovery , ” Solomonoff commented , adding that “ Nobody 's Watching ” has “ a very particular identity – It 's Latino and it 's a American indie , with a gay protagonist and directed by a woman… New York-specific ( but no postcards here ) . ”
A project which has attracted the enthusiasm of prominent – and often women – producers in Latin America and beyond , “ Nobody 's Watching ” is produced by Felicitas Raffo and Andres Longares at Cepa Audiovisual , as well as Natalia Agudelo Campillo and Nicolas Herreno Leal for Colombia 's MadLove , and Lucia Murat at Taiga Filmes e Video in Brazil . Aleph Motion Pictures ' Jaime Mateus Tique and LA Panda Productions ' Elisa Lleiras produce out of the U.S .
Co-production partners include Isabel Coixet 's Miss Wasabi in Barcelona , Juan Perdomo at the Dominican Republic 's Perdomo Productions , Georges Schoucair at Shortcuts International in Lebanon and film producer-director Bogdan Apetri .
“ It 's a privilege to collaborate with such a strong team , often of very talented women , ” said FiGa 's Sandro Fiorin .
United States authorities still can not understand the purpose and nature of Turkey 's operation in Syria 's Afrin , the Turkish foreign ministry said on Monday .
`` Operation Olive Branch is an operation against terror . The operation certainly does not target the civilian population , but rather aims to save the civilian population from the oppression of a terrorist organization , '' a statement released on the ministry 's website read .
The statement came after U.S. Department of State spokesperson Heather Nauert said the U.S. was `` deeply concerned '' about the humanitarian situation in Afrin .
The ministry said that Turkey has taken all necessary measures to ensure that civilians are protected and humanitarian assistance is provided to the civilian population .
Responding to the U.S. ' criticism that the operation may hinder the fight against Daesh , the ministry said using the People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) terrorist group against Daesh and allowing the group push forward its separatist agenda is what actually undermines the combat against terrorism .
The U.S. ' partnership with the YPG has been a significant disagreement between Washington and Ankara , as Turkey argues that a terror group can not be used to defeat another one . In addition , the weaponry given to the YPG , which Ankara says is directly linked to the PKK terrorist group , can be transferred to PKK terrorists , and ultimately used against its citizens .
The PKK is listed as a terrorist group by Turkey , the U.S. and the EU . Still , the U.S. continues to supply truckloads of weapons to the YPG in Syria , beginning with former President Barack Obama 's term . After Ankara 's repeated concerns , the U.S. administration , under the term of President Donald Trump , said they would collect the weapons given to the YPG . Yet , this promise made to Ankara has not been kept , Turkish officials say .
MARTIN TOWNSHIP , Mich. ( WOOD ) — Authorities in Allegan County say there were injuries in a wrong-way crash on US-131 early Monday .
The crash happened on southbound US-131 , south of the 124th Avenue exit ( Exit 59 ) in Martin Township .
Details are limited , and dispatchers were not able to provide information about what led up to the crash or how severe the injuries were .
The freeway was shut down for a time , but has since reopened .
This is a developing story . 24 Hour News 8 is working to learn more information . Check back for further updates , and tune into 24 Hour News 8 Daybreak for the latest information .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Fourth of July is one holiday many NFL players can actually enjoy since it falls within the quiet period before training camps kick off at the end of the month .
On Wednesday , players from around the league took to social media to wish their fans a happy American Independence Day .
Happy 4th of July ! ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ God Bless Americaï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ â John Lynch ( @ JohnLynch49ers ) July 4 , 2018
Enjoy this special day everyone . Be blessed ! ï¿½ï¿½ â Ray Lewis ( @ raylewis ) July 4 , 2018
Happy 4th A post shared by JamesHarrison ( @ jhharrison92 ) on Jul 4 , 2018 at 7:18am PDT
Nothing says Pittsburgh # 4thofJuly better than the incredible photography of @ DaveDiCello . Have a happy & safe one ! ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ pic.twitter.com/jMIRGKrLgB â BigBen7.com ( @ _BigBen7 ) July 4 , 2018
HAPPY 4th ! ! Be safe ! ï¿½ï¿½ ï¿½ï¿½ â Jordan poyer ( @ J_poyer21 ) July 4 , 2018
Grateful for the small things , big things , bad things and everything in between . A complaining tounge reveals an ungrateful heart . So if youâre complaining about something , get up and change it ... you have more power than you think ! Be safe today everyone ! # Happy4thofJuly ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ pic.twitter.com/hkYIgh78eg â D-Ware ( @ DeMarcusWare ) July 4 , 2018
Happy 4th of July ! ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ God Bless Americaï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ â John Lynch ( @ JohnLynch49ers ) July 4 , 2018
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The parents of terminally-ill toddler Alfie Evans have been embroiled in a legal battle over his treatment .
Several months after his birth in 2016 , Alfie was taken to hospital after suffering seizures and has not been able to leave his bed since .
He has an undiagnosed brain condition that doctors say is untreatable - but parents Tom and Kate disagree and want to take him to Italy for pioneering treatment .
Today High Court judge Mr Justice Hayden ruled this out , but urged British doctors to consider letting the boy go home .
Here 's how the events have unfolded since his birth ...
2016
May 9 : Alfie is born in Liverpool to parents Tom Evans and Kate James , now aged 21 and 20 respectively .
December : Alfie is taken to Alder Hey Children 's Hospital after suffering seizures . He will spend the next 12 months there .
To follow all the live updates on the legal battle over Alfie Evans , click here .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Facebook/alfiesarmy )
2017
December 11 : Hospital bosses say they are `` liaising directly '' with the family after disagreements over his treatment . Alfie 's parents said the hospital has applied to the High Court to remove parental rights and withdraw ventilation .
December 19 : A High Court judge , Mr Justice Hayden , begins overseeing the case at a public hearing in the Family Division of the High Court in London . The hospital says continuing life-support treatment would not be in Alfie 's best interests , but his parents disagree and say they want permission to fly him to Italy for treatment . The judge says he will make a decision on what is best for Alfie .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Facebook )
2018
February 1 : A hearing begins at the High Court in Liverpool in which lawyers acting for the hospital claim further treatment for Alfie is unkind and inhumane .
February 2 : One of Alfie 's doctors tells the judge there is `` no hope '' for the youngster , who is in a semi-vegetative state from a degenerative neurological condition doctors have not been able to definitively identify .
February 5 : Mr Evans tells the court Alfie `` looks me in the eye '' and wants his help .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Instagram )
February 20 : Mr Justice Hayden rules in favour of hospital bosses , saying he accepted medical evidence which showed further treatment was futile .
March 1 : Three Court of Appeal judges begin analysing the case after Alfie 's parents mount a challenge to the High Court ruling . The family ask for the appeal hearing to be adjourned for a few weeks so they can discuss the ruling with lawyers , but the judges refuse .
March 6 : Court of Appeal judges uphold the decision of Mr Justice Hayden .
March 8 : Alfie 's parents ask for the case to be considered by Supreme Court justices .
( Image : PA )
March 20 : Supreme Court justices decide the case is not worth arguing and refuse to give the couple permission to mount another appeal .
March 28 : Judges at the European Court of Human Rights reject a bid from Mr Evans and Ms James for them to examine issues relating to Alfie 's future , saying they found no appearance of any human rights violation .
April 11 : Mr Justice Hayden endorses an end-of-life care plan for Alfie drawn up by specialists .
April 12 : Protesters gather outside Alder Hey hospital as Alfie 's father insists he has the right to take him home .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
April 16 : Alfie 's parents argue he is being wrongly `` detained '' at Alder Hey and make a habeas corpus application . Judges at the Court of Appeal in London rule against them and again uphold the decisions of Mr Justice Hayden . The couple 's lawyer said they might make a further appeal to the Supreme Court .
Merseyside Police launch an investigation into `` instances of verbal abuse and acts of intimidation '' among protesters outside the hospital . Judges raise concerns about reports that ambulances and staff were unable to enter the hospital and that patients and their families had been frightened . Alfie 's parents apologise , saying they did not intend to `` harm or cause conflict or upset '' .
April 17 : Mr Evans and Ms James ask Supreme Court justices to consider their case for a second time , a spokeswoman confirms .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Facebook )
April 18 : Mr Evans flies to Rome and meets with Pope Francis . He kissed the Pope 's hand and begged the leader of the Catholic church to save Alfie 's life .
April 20 : The Supreme Court rules against Alfie 's parents for a second time , refusing them permission to appeal the decision . The couple had been trying to persuade the court that Alfie was being unlawfully detained at Alder Hey hospital .
The parents make an application to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg to take Alfie to Rome for treatment , instead of letting him come off life support .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
April 23 : The European Court of Human Rights refuse the application made by Alfie 's parents , saying : `` The European Court of Human Rights has today rejected the application submitted by the family of Alfie Evans as inadmissible . ''
A group of about 200 protesters tries to storm Alder Hey hospital , where Alfie has been receiving treatment . Police officers blocked the entrance as dozens of people charged at the doors .
Alfie Evans is granted Italian citizenship . In a bid to facilitate moving Alfie to Italy to receive treatment , the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said : `` Foreign minister Angelino Alfano and interior minister Marco Minniti have granted citizenship to little Alfie . The Italian government hopes that in this way , being an Italian citizen will enable the immediate transfer of the child to Italy . ''
( Image : Facebook )
On Monday evening , a High Court Judge dismisses new submissions made in private by the lawyers for Alfie 's parents via telephone .
On Monday night , life support is withdrawn by doctors at Alder Hey hospital , according to Mr Evans . He said in a Facebook post that his son had been breathing for himself since .
April 24 : Alfie was still breathing on his own this morning , according to his father . At 7am , Mr Evans said : `` It 's actually come to the point where his mum is asleep next to him . She can actually go to sleep next to him . She feels comfortable with him . ''
This afternoon Mr Justice Hayden appeared to ruled out the family 's wishes to take the 23-month-old to Italy for treatment but asked doctors if `` other options '' were possible including letting Alfie go home .
Jay Janner
Future performs at the Austin City Limits Music Festival in Zilker Park on Friday October 9 , 2015 . JAY JANNER / AMERICAN-STATESMAN
Future has been quit on social media for a while . But now Future has returned to Instagram to send a special message to his fans .
In addition , Future is promoting a new album and a tour so is this just another ploy .
You can shell out $ 129 to give your Pixel 2 some added peace of mind , but should you ?
The Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL are two of the leanest and meanest Android flagships around . However , they 're also some of the most expensive – especially if you opt for the larger XL flavor .
Google is offering a Preferred Care plan with the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL , and for $ 129 , you get accidental damage coverage , access to walk-in shops for screen repairs at participating locations , and priority access for 24/7 customer support .
One user added Preferred Care with their Pixel 2 without blinking an eye , but is now second-guessing the plan 's value considering its somewhat high deductible and potentially worthless priority customer support .
PaulQ 10-05-2017 01:38 AM “ I knee-jerk reaction added the $ 129 preferred care package as I feverishly threw together my order . Now , I see it has a $ 99 deductible and all of that expert and priority support is pretty useless to me as an advanced user . I have yet to seriously damage a phone . I do have that little concern that there may be a flaw in the phone but Google treats first year replacements the same for all , ... Reply
Some users seem quite happy with Google 's offering .
GTvert90 10-05-2017 06:56 AM “ It 's cheaper than insurance through Verizon . I bought it . Reply
ChuckG73 10-05-2017 10:15 AM “ Ok my wife breaks phones like they are made from Toilet Paper . So I got insurance on her Nexus 6P , and after 8.0 issues creeped on her phone I called Google and since it was still under warranty they said we are sending her a Pixel XL . That one incident makes it worth it in my opinion . So yes I always get insurance.What is 129 dollars when you are buying a 900 dollar phone Reply
But others are of the mindset that that $ 129 can be better spent elsewhere .
mxmarcus 10-05-2017 03:30 AM “ Not paying a red cent for care . Spend that money on good case & screen protector Reply
The final word is still up in the air , so we want to hear from you – do you think Google 's Preferred Care is worth $ 129 ?
Join the conversation in the forums !
1 . Vehicle Option
Trim
Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow
Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White
Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month
Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash
ADVERTISEMENT
Curtis Mays was enjoying a celebratory meal out when his order was subject to some confusion . It was n't a big deal , but after he 'd finished eating the diner requested to see his receipt anyway . But as he read over the note , a sickening message caught his eye .
Mays is a grandfather from Sea Cliff , New York . In June 2018 the family man had traveled to New York City to celebrate Father 's Day with his daughter and granddaughter . During the afternoon , the threesome visited the Bohemian Hall and Beer Garden in Astoria where they enjoyed some lunch .
ADVERTISEMENT
The family outing got off to a pleasant start . Mays had his daughter and granddaughter for company and their waitress seemed very friendly . Talking about the server , in June 2018 the grandfather told WABC , “ She was very nice . She comes up to the table . ‘ Hi , how are you doing ? ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
BISMARCK , N.D. ( AP ) -
Monday , December 11 , 2017 at 6:47 pm |
Workers drilling for oil at a site near Williston , N.D. , in 2014 . ( AP Photo/Eric Gay )
Federal geologists agreed Monday to reevaluate the amount of recoverable crude oil in North Dakota , U.S . Senator John Hoeven said .
Hoeven and industry officials requested the new assessment by the U.S. Geological Survey , saying it would likely attract investment by showing stronger production potential .
USGS Deputy Director William Werkheiser notified Hoeven by letter on Monday .
Industry officials and Hoeven want the USGS to take into account 17 other formations in western North Dakota 's oil patch that could be exploited using technology developed for the Bakken and the Three Forks directly beneath it .
Werkheiser 's letter said the agency would do that but gave no details on when the assessment would start , or when it would be completed .
He said the federal agency would work with “ appropriate state and local officials and technical experts to ensure we develop the best possible product in a timely manner . ”
Ron Ness , president of the North Dakota Petroleum Council , which represents nearly 500 energy companies working in the state , said the new assessment should “ provide a much clearer picture of the resources we have in North Dakota . ”
In 2013 , the USGS released data that showed 7.4 billion barrels of oil could be recovered from the Bakken and Three Forks spanning parts of North Dakota and parts of Montana , nearly double the amount the agency previously estimated for the region in 2008 .
The USGS 's study last year found Wolfcamp shale , located in the Midland Basin portion of Texas ' Permian Basin , contains 20 billion barrels of recoverable oil .
North Dakota state geologist Ed Murphy said advances in drilling and hydraulic fracturing technology learned from the Bakken and Three Forks could open up other formations in the state .
The Bakken formation accounted for just 6 percent of the 108,000 barrels of oil daily in 2006 , Murphy said . Today , with advances in drilling technology , the Bakken and the underlying Three Forks accounts for 96 percent of the state 's 1 million barrel daily output , he said .
Four men pointed a gun at a 25-year-old woman , dragged her to a field and raped her in front of her husband and infant child in Muzaffarnagar district.The accused persons allegedly held the child hostage , threatened to kill it and took turns to rape the woman . The accused is yet to be identified , officials of Bhopa Police Station in Muzaffarnagar said.ANI quoted the victim saying , `` Four men dragged me to a sugar cane farm and raped me . They constantly threatened to kill my child , also tied and beat up my husband . `` According to Superintendent of Police Ajay Sehdev , the woman and her husband were returning after visiting a doctor with their three-month child on a motorbike , when the four men in a car intercepted and waylaid them off the road near Nirgajni village.They pulled her off the bike and dragged her to a sugarcane field nearby . The four then raped the woman and threatened her and her husband against disclosing the incident to anyone , the woman has said in her complaint to the police.The accused also beat up her husband , the police said.The SP further said that an investigation into the incident has been started and medical examination of both the husband and the wife are being done .
New Delhi : After having accepted the RSS invite , former President Pranab Mukherjee should go and tell the Sangh what is wrong with its ideology , former finance minister and senior Congress leader P Chidambaram said on Wednesday .
Chidambaram was speaking at a discussion on `` India at 71 — Hits and Misses '' after the launch of book `` Straight Talk '' . The senior Congress leader said there is no point debating now on why the former president accepted the invite to be the chief guest at an RSS function in Nagpur .
`` Now that he has accepted the invitation , there is no point debating why he did so . The more important thing to say is , 'Sir you have accepted the invitation , please go there and tell them what is wrong with their ideology ' , '' Chidambaram said when asked about Mukherjee accepting the RSS invite .
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said it is a `` somewhat stupidish approach '' to judge Mukherjee over acceptance of the invitation . `` Unless and until you hear what the former president says there , you should not judge him , '' Singhvi said .
A large number of Congress leaders have criticised the former president for accepting the RSS invitation and have asked him to reconsider `` for the sake of secularism '' . The former president is slated to address the Sangha Shiksha Varga 's ( SSV ) valedictory function at RSS headquarters in Nagpur on 7 June .
Two people have been arrested in connection to a shooting on the set of Denzel Washington 's The Equalizer 2 over the weekend . Two security guards were shot and wounded , but thankfully both survived as the injuries were not life threatening and the two were released from the hospital shortly after receiving treatment . The two gunmen , Dionte Martinez , 18 , and Thomas Perkins , 18 , have both been charged with assault with intent to murder , unlawful possession of a firearm , and unlawful possession of ammunition .
The Hollywood Reporter revealed that the two quickly fled the scene of the crime , which happened after midnight on Saturday morning . They were later found and arrested on Thursday and each teen reportedly has a three-page juvenile crime record that includes gun charges , according to prosecutors . The pair appeared on Snapchat moments before the gunfire , wearing clothing that matched the shooters , prosecutors said . Similar clothing was found abandoned near the shooting scene , according to a police report , which helped locate the suspects . Both teens are not happy to be receiving such a harsh sentence , but that 's just kind of really ridiculous after they shot at two innocent people who were trying to do their job .
Police do not believe that the two security guards were specifically targeted and the situation seems to be a random act of violence . Denzel Washington has yet to make a statement about the shootings , which comes at a terrible time for gun violence in the United States after the horrific Las Vegas attack that left 59 people dead and over 500 wounded at the hands of a lone gunman with multiple automatic weapons from a hotel room at the Mandalay Bay . At least nobody was seriously hurt during the shootings from the set of The Equalizer sequel . Lawyers for both of the teens deny the charges .
Denzel Washington is reprising his role from the first Equalizer movie alongside returning director Antoine Fuqua . Their movie was a remake of the classic 1970s TV series of the same name . In the updated version , the Academy Award winning actor portrays a retired black ops agent , Robert McCall , who is drawn back into the deadly ways of his past to protect a local girl ( Chloë Grace Moretz ) from the Russian mafia . The Equalizer 2 , which is expected to bring back original cast members Melissa Leo and Bill Pullman , is currently scheduled to hit theaters on August 3rd , 2018 .
Neither Columbia Pictures nor Sony Pictures , which are producing and distributing the film , respectively , have issued any kind of statement on the incident . But The Equalizer 2 is currently still on schedule and has resumed filming . This is an ongoing story and more updates are expected to be announced soon . The news comes to us via The Hollywood Reporter and as previously mentioned , more news is expected after the two shooters are sentenced . The suspects have both plead not guilty , but their Snapchat history says otherwise .
The Pacifica District of the Orange County Boy Scouts of America honored Russ Paxson on Thursday for his 85 years of service to the youth of Huntington Beach and Fountain Valley .
The 96-year-old received the newly created Russ Paxson Legacy of Scouting Award during an event at the Huntington Beach Senior Center .
The award will be an annual recognition given to a man or woman who demonstrates passion , expertise , time and mentoring to the Scout community , according to a news release .
Paxson earned his Eagle Award in 1939 . He remains active with Troop 1 , which is based in Huntington Beach and was founded in 1917 .
OCC to host finance seminars
Orange Coast College is having free estate planning workshops through November .
They will be presented by Peter Kote and take place on the Costa Mesa campus .
A financial planning seminar is scheduled for Oct. 13 , followed by long-term care information on Oct. 20 , equity investing on Oct. 27 , fixed-income investing on Nov. 3 and the “ big takeaway ” and contest on Nov. 17 .
RSVPs can be sent to eparker @ occ.cccd.edu or by calling 714-432-5707 .
OCC to have Chargers youth training camp
Orange Coast College is hosting a free junior Chargers training camp Oct. 14 .
The event is from 10 to 2 p.m. and is open to children grades two to eight . It will emphasize physical fitness and positive choices , according to a news release .
To register , visit orangecoastcollege.augusoft.net or call 714-432-5880 ext . 1 .
School district hosts college , career fair
The Newport-Mesa Unified School District is hosting a college and career event Oct. 18 at the O.C . Fair and Event Center in Costa Mesa .
The event is from 6:30 to 9 p.m. More than 200 colleges will be represented . It will also have career demonstrations and workshops .
The district has set up shuttles to the fairgrounds that will leave from Whittier and Rea elementary schools , as well as Estancia High School . For more information , call 714-424-5044 .
Famed runners to speak at UCI
UC Irvine is hosting noted runners Kathrine Switzer and Elizabeth Gray at the student center on Oct. 19 from 3 to 6 p.m .
Switzer was the first woman to run the Boston Marathon with a numbered entry in 1967 . Gray was recently featured in Runner 's World magazine and discussed her experiences as an abuse survivor who participates in marathons to bring awareness to domestic violence .
The event is free .
TeWinkle gets hydration station
TeWinkle Middle School recently received a machine from Orange County United Way that fills water bottles .
It was given to the Costa Mesa campus as part of a healthy schools initiative .
“ You are all very deserving of this beautiful new hydration station , ” Susan B . Parks , president and CEO of Orange County United Way , said in a statement . “ By engaging and encouraging each other to make smart eating choices and drink more water , you are reinforcing the importance of good health that can last a lifetime . ”
Nonprofit raises money for literacy efforts
The Literacy Project , a Newport Beach-based nonprofit that helps disadvantaged youth improve their reading skills , raised nearly $ 85,000 at a recent event , according to a news release .
The 8th annual What Dreams Are Made Of gala also included giving the Dream Maker Award to Cindy Culpepper , CEO of the Galardi Group , for her support . Culpepper is a former member of the Literacy Project 's board .
Costa Mesa library group to host Olympic swimmer
Friends of the Costa Mesa Libraries are hosting Shirley Babashoff , a former Olympic swimmer , and author Chris Epting during an event Nov. 2 .
It starts at 7 p.m. at the Mesa Verde Country Club , 3000 Clubhouse Road , Costa Mesa . The cost is $ 10 at the door . Call 714-545-9613 to reserve a space .
Maria Shriver recognized by UCI facility
Maria Shriver , former first lady of California and an Alzheimer 's disease advocate , will be honored by the UC Irvine Institute for Memory Impairments and Neurological Disorders ( UCI MIND ) .
Shriver will receive recognition Dec. 2 during a gala .
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation , Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Defender Discovery Discovery Series II Discovery Sport Freelander LR2 LR3 LR4 Range Rover Diesel Range Rover Evoque Range Rover Sport Range Rover Sport Diesel Range Rover Velar GO 1 . Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In ? Yes No 3 . Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information !
For better or worse , Land Rover reinvented the second-generation Range Rover Sport with softer exterior lines and a more approachable look compared to its predecessor . A facelifted version , arriving in the U.S. next year , does n't stray far from this model but adds a few details that bring out the SUV 's athleticism . Are the changes enough to keep the midsize SUV fresh , or has it lost its way over time ?
The design changes may not jump off the page , but look closely and you 'll notice the 2018 Range Rover Sport features a slimmer grille with a unique honeycomb pattern . The headlights are also narrower , and new LED lighting signatures give the “ eyes ” a sharper look . Slimmer LED fog lights sit at the bottom of the front fascia to complement a redesigned front bumper . The new bumper makes the Sport appear lower to the ground and , according to Land Rover , also enhances airflow . Compared to old Range Rover Sports , the new model features more angular lower vents , making the model appear a little less soft than before .
You wo n't notice many updates by looking at the vehicle 's side profile , but the new model features updated fender vents . The model gets new 21- and 22-inch wheel designs as well . In the rear , there are new taillight clusters , an updated bumper , and more aggressive spoiler . Unique rectangle-shaped exhaust tips finish the look .
Inside the cabin , Range Rover installed slimmer front seats and new interior ambient lighting with as many as 10 different color options . But the most prominent change is the new technology at the front of the cabin . Instead of just one display on the center console , the new model features two 10-inch touchscreens . The top screen is a traditional infotainment system while the lower one controls more basic features such as climate controls and seat settings .
For the new model year , buyers can opt for a package that adds black exterior accents or a package that adds both black accents and carbon fiber accents . Also , look for a new plug-in hybrid option coming later in 2018 for the 2019 model year .
Do you think the 2018 Range Rover Sport is refreshing or revolting ?
Illinois American Water is reminding customers to use water wisely .
“ From keeping hydrated to playing in water sprinklers , as well as running air conditioning and watering lawns , water plays an important role in warm-weather fun and responsibilities , ” said Mike Smyth , vice president of operations . “ We are proud of the service we provide and want to be sure folks are using water wisely . ”
The following tips from Illinois American Water can help consumers use water more efficiently , plus identify and prevent leaks , a significant source of water waste .
• Water your lawn only when it needs it . An easy way to tell is to simply walk across the grass . If it springs back you do n't need to water , but if you leave footprints , it 's time to water .
• Set your lawn mower one notch higher to make your lawn more drought-tolerant .
• Consider using drip irrigation or a rain barrel to water your outdoor plants , and water in the early morning .
As much as 30 percent of water can be lost to evaporation by watering during midday .
• Use a broom instead of a hose to clean your sidewalk , driveway or patio .
• Forgo the hose and wash your car with a bucket and sponge instead , which uses only a few gallons to do the job , while a hose left running can waste as much as six gallons per minute .
• Run dishwashers and clothes washers only when they are full and adjust the water level of your washing machine to match the load size . If you have a water-saver cycle , use it . In addition , newer , high-efficiency washing machines use less than 27 gallons of water per load , compared to between 27 and 54 gallons a load with traditional machines .
• Keep a pitcher of cold tap water in the refrigerator . You will avoid the cost and environmental impact of bottled water and you will have cold water available for warm days without running the faucet .
• A short shower is better than a bath . A full bathtub can require up to 70 gallons of water , while taking a 5- minute shower uses only 10 to 25 gallons .
• Turning off the tap while brushing your teeth can save 8 gallons per day .
• Regularly check your toilet , faucets and pipes for leaks and have them fixed promptly . An easy test for toilet leaks from EPA WaterSense : Place a drop of food coloring in the tank . If the color tints the water in the bowl without flushing , there is a leak .
More wise water use tips can be found online .
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
A porch light is melted after fireworks sparked a house fire .
Candy Woodall , York Daily Record
YORK , Pa. – Glenn Taylor did n't know what to think when he saw flames shoot through the top of his front door Tuesday night .
A retiree in his 70s , his first instinct was to go get the fire extinguisher in the garage of his York Township , Pennsylvania , home and protect his wife , who is ill .
As he worked to snuff the fire that pushed through his entryway , a neighbor ran over with a garden hose to mitigate the damage Taylor could n't see : a shrub and front porch in flames .
`` If not for the neighbor who came over with the garden hose , it could 've been a lot worse , '' said Nathan Tracey , chief of the Goodwill Fire Co. in York , Pennsylvania .
July 4 : Bucs ' Jason Pierre-Paul shares graphic photos of his hand for fireworks safety message
July 3 : Drones replace July 4th fireworks in western towns worried about wildfires . But where 's the 'boom ' ?
The fire was mostly out by the time firefighters arrived , he said , but not before it consumed a large bush , cracked a window , melted two porch lights and a doorbell , and damaged the front door , soffit and exterior moulding .
All of that damage was caused by the falling remnants of a neighbor 's fireworks display , authorities said .
York Area Regional Police are investigating .
Taylor did n't want to comment much , noting that insurers and police are still investigating . Also , he does n't think talking about what happened to his home will prompt change .
`` The lawmakers made their decision , and we 've got ta live with it , '' he said .
Ivy Street fire A neighbor 's fireworks display sparked a house fire that destroyed a shrub , melted porch lights and a doorbell , and ruined exterior moulding and soffit . 01 / 08 A neighbor 's fireworks display sparked a house fire that destroyed a shrub , melted porch lights and a doorbell , and ruined exterior moulding and soffit . 01 / 08
He was referring to a Pennsylvania law signed in October that allows people to buy bigger fireworks that shoot into the air with up to 50 milligrams of explosive material . Previously , the law allowed for only ground-based fireworks and sparklers .
What happened to Taylor 's home is one of many reports in the region of fires caused by fireworks .
July 3 : Fourth of July warning : These fireworks look like My Little Pony and Pete 's Dragon toys
July 3 : Dog found covered in blood , urine and feces after fleeing fireworks
`` There 's definitely concern , '' Tracey said . `` With the change in the law , you might have more users who are n't experienced , which can lead to some dangerous situations . ''
The law says fireworks need to be 150 feet from a residence . They were less than 70 feet from Taylor 's home , authorities said .
No injuries were reported , Tracey said .
Follow Candy Woodall on Twitter : @ candynotcandace
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The Bihar School Examination Board ( BSEB ) is likely to declare Class X matriculation exam results on Thursday .
The Bihar board conducted Class X exams from 1 March to 8 March , 2017 , and more than 15 lakh students appeared for it , according to a report on News18 .
Once declared , the board examination results will be available on the official BSEB website , biharboard.ac.in .
Steps to obtain results :
- Log on to the official result website , biharboard.ac.in .
- Click on Bihar Board Class 10 matriculation results 2017 .
- Enter your roll number and click 'submit ' to check your detailed grades .
- Download the result and take a printout for future reference .
As has been observed over the course of the past few weeks , the dates and times of result announcements have been frequently changed . The information above has not been independently verified . However , this article will continue to be updated to reflect official updates as and when they come in .
As 3 February 2018 marks the Queer Azadi Pride March in Mumbai , we 're publishing six compelling coming-out stories : first-person accounts of coming out about your sexuality or gender to friends , loved ones , colleagues or even to yourself . This interview was part of Harish Iyer 's ' I 'm Coming Out ' , published by Juggernaut Books , in which the personalities he speaks with explore what it means to be gay in India .
I met Praful Baweja during a particularly turbulent period in my professional life . He is one of the most vibrant , outspoken and expressive people I have ever met , and his energy is infectious . Praful not only gave me great advice but also helped launch my creative career . If not for him , I would perhaps still be struggling with self-esteem issues . But I did not know anything about his personal struggles until I started writing his story .
Praful grew up in a family of doctors , judges and engineers in a distant suburb of Mumbai . His was one of only two families that had a television in the entire neighbourhood . A short , gangly boy , he was the darling of the women in his building and often assisted them in their daily prayers . This helped him stay away from bullies on the playground who would often pick on him due to his tiny frame . But it was n't as though Praful did n't fight back . Once when he was 10-years-old , he bit the forearm of a 15-year-old who hit him for letting a currency note fly away .
As a child , Praful preferred the company of adults and often engaged with them in philosophical discussions . He would frequently go to the rooftop and spend hours looking at stars . He has always been a deeply spiritual person , and perhaps that is one of the reasons why he is able to reach out to people and help them . This was evident in the way he once spoke to young members of the LGBTQ community to get them to come together and form a photography society . I 've also seen it in him when he designs posters for gay pride parades or works on a brand campaign . Praful is deeply connected with what he does , and the universe .
Growing up , he was inspired by his older sister , who started working right out of school . Praful possesses a natural aptitude for languages and speaks half a dozen fluently . Shortly after school , he followed in his sister 's footsteps , using his skill for languages by taking up content writing assignments . He started travelling extensively and working longer hours once he joined college . This was also when he started discovering his sexuality . As expected , the first person he came out to was his sister , who was cool about it in the most un-Punjabi un-dramatic way .
`` That seems very easy-peasy , '' I said to Praful .
`` That was not so easy-peasy , '' he replied . `` I had my own struggles . I was also straight at one point . ''
`` Seriously ? '' I chuckled .
`` Yes . I mean I thought I was straight or bisexual . I even dated a girl… ''
To me Praful is so comfortable with his gay identity that I was shocked to learn he had confusions about his sexuality . That he too had gone through some sort of confusion during his growing-up years . When he was n't sure about his sexuality , he ended up dating a close female friend . But curiosity got the better of him and he started looking for information and joined online support groups . He got in touch with Gay Bombay – an online group – which broadened his knowledge and understanding of his own sexuality .
`` Ditto ! '' I told him . `` I also found a lot of support in online forums . Especially the Gay Bombay Yahoo group . '' The Gay Bombay Yahoo group is the biggest platform for the gay community in India .
He started reaching out to others like him and began communicating with them . He discussed his apprehensions and made every attempt to gain greater clarity . Knowing there were others like him not only gave Praful more confidence , but also encouraged him to help others deal with the first steps in the coming out process .
He realised that different forms of creative expression like designing , writing and even acting , helped him become calmer and find peace . As he was writing scripts for a TV show , he was cast in the role of a man of ambiguous sexuality with a mean streak . Praful , the self-confessed drama queen , nailed it and made the character memorable . He also dabbled in photography , tarot reading and reiki during this time .
Praful is a healer and a giver . In all his relationships , Praful has strived to be a friend before becoming a boyfriend . His love tales are more dramatic than any Bollywood masala film . Like all our romantic stories , his also have a pattern . His boyfriends have told him that he is lucky for them – when they begin dating him , a few unsettled matters in their lives , like getting a visa which had been pending for months , fell into place .
Praful had his first serious relationship when he was 22 years old . Despite the fact that he had met his boyfriend – a footballer – online without seeing him in person , Praful was in love .
`` Where 's he now ? '' I curiously asked Praful .
`` He had a non-malignant tumour . He died , '' Praful replied calmly .
Praful has not forgotten his first online boyfriend . But he has accepted his death .
After his first love affair , Praful took some time off the Internet . He then got into the event organising space with a leading publishing house . That was when he met his next love , who was roughly 15 years older than him .
`` He wanted commitment . I was only in my early 20s and was n't exactly up for that . ''
Though Praful has very fond memories of this grown-up man going down on his knees to propose to him , things did n't work out . He eventually migrated to the Middle East with a heart full of Praful .
After this affair , Praful 's next love story had an unconventional twist . He fell in love with his boss , who was mentoring Praful to follow in his footsteps . That relationship fizzled away .
When Praful was asked to go to Bangalore on a job induction programme , he took refuge in a fashion designer 's house . They fell in love almost immediately . Praful used to burn CDs for him , with one song for every day . They exchanged love notes and gifts quite regularly . Even though the designer always maintained that he was bisexual , Praful continued seeing him . After a while , the designer migrated to the UK . Praful was heartbroken . But he remained a fighter , so when he received an invitation to attend the wedding of his once-lover , he obliged . They continue to remain friends , though there exists a distance between the two .
Praful took a break from the drama of relationships for a while but soon fell in love yet again , this time with a third-year college student who proposed to Praful in what he describes as ‘ one of the funniest yet sweetest proposals ' he has received . They were both watching a film at Regal in Colaba , and during the interval , his date left the hall never to return . Later in the evening , Praful found in his bag a card professing love . His date had slipped it in and left . Praful still has it with him . However , this boy , too , left the country to move to Kuwait .
`` I am like a visa for my loves , '' Praful joked . Every time he has dated a person they 've ended up moving to another country ! Even the girl he had had a relationship right at the beginning when he was still confused about his sexuality . Almost all his relationships have been tinged with this tragic-comic aspect .
`` Praful , we should have dated , '' I said , `` I could have been in Canada now , close to Justin Trudeau . ''
Praful is truly a wonderful person , and that 's the reason this story almost reads like a love letter to him . But do not be fooled so easily by his casual demeanour . Praful also has a caustic tongue . He has many friends but is also disliked by some for his super witty and sometimes extremely sarcastic tone . Praful is not scared to call a spade a spade . He has rebuked me countless times when he thought I was not doing things right . On the other hand , he is generous with his compliments and has also encouraged me wholeheartedly . In fact , I made my first television debut with him on a show called Minus 30 on Network18 , which was anchored by Paras Tomar .
Praful speaks at several forums for the cause of LGBTIQ rights and plays an important part in the LGBTIQ movement in India . He does n't get written about as much as the others , but that should n't take away from his efforts . He is a silent warrior who does what he has to on the sidelines . And he is happy with that .
He is also a great mentor and guide . Today , many young gay men look up to Praful because of his kind and helpful nature . As a voracious reader , he encourages them to look at books and information as a source of support . He is someone who has encouraged several young men to take up artistic forms of expression in order to cope better with discovering and coming to terms with their sexuality . One such photography club he was associated with , QGraphy , became so hugely popular that its members are now regulars at all LGBT events in Mumbai .
Praful 's enterprising nature is what I respect the most about him . But oddly enough , for a man who is always there for others , Praful is yet to come out to his parents , and not for lack of trying . He has tried to broach the subject on multiple occasions , but his parents keep finding new and innovative ways to brush it under the carpet . Praful suspects it is probably because his older sister is unmarried and their parents do n't want to jeopardise her prospects by making Praful 's sexuality public . Also , though his parents have a fair idea of his sexuality , the fact that he has moved out of home to live independently seems to be a bigger reason for concern .
Praful is ‘ out and about ' when it comes his sexuality . All LGBTIQ people do n't have it that easy . `` What advice would you give those who are trying to understand their sexual orientation , those who are gay and are struggling to come out ? '' I asked Praful .
`` Sexuality is a part of life , '' he said . `` My sexuality is a part of my complete self . I ca n't take it out of me and treat it independently . So I would say first try and accept your sexuality . Before you want the world to accept it , tell yourself , ' I am bigger than my problems , and there is nothing more precious than me being happy . ' Everyone has internal struggles . Everyone hates some part of themselves . Try to win that fight . Be you . Unapologetically you . And always remember no one has the right to discriminate against you . You are not a brand . You are different , but so is everyone else . You are not going to get gay employed , you get employed . You are not a gay son , you are a son . So live it up . The complete you . ''
Also read Out and Proud : Sonal Giani 's story
Edmonton police are investigating a suspicious death after a body was found at a residence in the Clareview area .
0
After some expert-level trolling that 's on the order of Game of Thrones making fans watch a block of ice melt for hours on end or Westworld pulling off an epic Rick Roll , Bethesda finally revealed the first look at their new project this morning . A trailer teaser for Fallout 76 made its way online ahead of the game studio 's showcase at the upcoming E3 event where much more information will be made available for this title and the rest of the company 's upcoming slate of games and franchises . But before you start getting all revved up and breaking out your Vault Boy cosplay gear , we want to warn you that this may not be the single-player RPG you were hoping for…
That being said , there 's still a reason to be excited by this teaser trailer . John Denver ‘ s “ Take Me Home , Country Roads ” plays over a nostalgia-fueled trip through Vault 76 , well after the tricentennial celebration in 2076 as the shots of a Pip-Boy and computer terminal confirm a date of October 27 , 2102 . This “ control vault ” , used as a baseline to compare to the more experimental vaults , housed 500 occupants and was set somewhere in Virginia ( as opposed to West Virginia , as famously mentioned in Denver 's ode ) . But enough from me , see it for yourself !
Check out the trailer below :
Watch the official teaser trailer for Fallout 76 from award-winning creators Bethesda Game Studios . https : //beth.games/fallout76 See more during this year 's Bethesda E3 Showcase happening on June 10th at 6:30pm PT in Los Angeles , CA or live on YouTube.com/BethesdaSoftworks or Twitch.TV/Bethesda . Stay alert and follow Fallout on social media : Official Site – fallout.com Facebook – https : //facebook.com/fallout Twitter – https : //twitter.com/fallout Instagram – https : //instagram.com/fallout ESRB RATING PENDING : May contain content inappropriate for children . Visit www.esrb.org for rating information .
While official info is scarce at the moment , Kotaku 's Jason Schreier has been solid in the past , so here 's what he has to say about Fallout 76 :
From what I 've heard , Fallout : 76 is an online game of some sort . Developed by BGS in both Maryland and Austin ( formerly Battlecry ) https : //t.co/gUmNYtDXDS — Jason Schreier ( @ jasonschreier ) May 30 , 2018
Because I 've seen some people misinterpreting this tweet , I did NOT say this is an MMO . I just know it 's not strictly single-player . Also , lol : https : //t.co/sv9GuidHyd — Jason Schreier ( @ jasonschreier ) May 30 , 2018
I think it 's really important to reiterate this : Anyone who spends the next two weeks expecting Fallout : 76 to be a new traditional single-player RPG will be VERY disappointed https : //t.co/gUmNYtDXDS — Jason Schreier ( @ jasonschreier ) May 30 , 2018
I 'm seeing some skepticism on Reddit and Twitch about my reporting that Fallout : 76 is an online game — because they do n't want to believe it — but again , if you spend weeks getting hyped for a single-player RPG , you will be disappointed . Just looking out for you guys ! — Jason Schreier ( @ jasonschreier ) May 30 , 2018
Schreier also reports through Kotaku that Fallout 76 could be an online game of some sort , furthering the idea that it will not be in the vein of the main Fallout line of games that preceded it . So are we getting a looter-shooter , an MMO , a survival game , a sandbox-style multi-player shooter ( like Battlecry was supposed to be before Bethesda canceled it ) , or something else entirely ? We 'll find out at E3 ! In the meantime , let us know your best guesses below !
Update : Yeah , looking like Fallout 76 is going to be an online survival RPG in the vein of Rust and DayZ . At least , that 's according to Kotaku ‘ s new report citing their anonymous sources ; expect the news to be confirmed during E3 . Schreier calls the game “ an experimental new entry ” in the franchise , one that will incorporate quests into its story alongside base-building ( which should be a familiar mechanic to Fallout 4 players ) and multiplayer survival mechanics , like resource gathering , customization , and crafting . Expect a fair bit of civilization building as well , since the trailer itself said , “ When the fighting is stopped , and the fallout has settled , you must rebuild . ”
I 'm not surprised by this and am actually kind of okay with it , but will need to see more out of E3 to get to the next level of hype . What about you ?
Actress Jessica Biel says she was `` selfish '' and `` inspired '' to be the best she could be after meeting her husband Justin Timberlake.Biel says she was always focused on her career and never thought of settling down and raising a family until she met the Suit and Tie star in 2007 -- five years before they got married , reports etonline.com . `` I did n't grow up dreaming about having kids and having a family . I was so focused on my career and so focused on my selfish existence , but I think meeting my husband inspired me , '' Biel said on Reddit 's `` Ask Me Anything '' session with fans . `` One day I just woke up and knew it 's what I wanted to do and it 's been the hardest , greatest thing ever and I would n't give it up for the world , '' she added .
Designs have been drafted up to rebuild a town nursery which was destroyed in an arson attack .
Staff , pupils , their families and the wider community were devastated when the blaze ripped through the building at Rift House Primary School on Sunday , May 8 last year .
Rift House Primary School nursery after at fire on May 7 , 2017 .
Now Hartlepool Borough Council has put together a proposal to construct a new nursery , which will see its youngest children welcomed into a new centre as they start their school life .
Plans for the Masefield Road site show it would be constructed on the footprint of the old 1960s nursery , which has now been demolished to clear the site of debris left behind by the fire .
The proposals show if approved , the new building will become home to a nursery teaching area which would have its own toilets , a disabled-friendly look , a multi-purpose room , its own quiet area and a kitchen .
Another section will be set up for children aged up to two , featuring areas to change nappies and another for sleeping , as well as a quiet room .
The new building is a like for like replacement . Nursery plans
The single-storey building would have its own entrance .
The planning application states : “ It is proposed to build a new modern nursery facility for use by the school to replace the facility destroyed in an arson attack of May 2017 .
“ The new building is a like-for-like replacement in terms of usage and building occupancy for the original nursery and is therefore not expected to change the parking requirements on the site . ”
The plans say some outside lighting will be set up and the existing CCTV system at the school to be extended to the new wing .
Firefighters battle the blaze as it took hold of the nursery building .
The blaze led to an outpouring of support from the community as it rallied round to help the school in the aftermath of the attack .
Two boys , then aged 13 and 14 , were arrested at the time in connection with the investigation between Cleveland Police and Cleveland Fire Brigade .
APNS posthumous Lifetime Achievement Award for Zahid Malik
Sophia Siddiqui
Islamabad
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Wednesday said the PML-N government was proud of not using censorship or the secret fund to control news content as it fully believes in the freedom of media .
Addressing the 28th Award ceremony of the Pakistan Newspapers Association ( APNS ) here , the Prime Minister also asked the media to have a self-regulatory mechanism to ensure greater objectivity and impartiality in their news content .
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on the occasion distributed awards in various categories . Posthumous lifetime achievement award was given to founder of Pakistan Observer Late Zahid Malik . The award was received by his son Faisal Malik , Editor-in-Chief , Pakistan Observer .
Prime Minister Abbasi said in a modern world there was no scope of any censorship . He said the measure may bring temporary benefits , but such measures were never in the interest of a country in the long run .
“ We are proud to state that we never resorted to any such acts , despite the serious challenges that we confronted , ” he said and added that a free and fair media was vital for any democracy . The Prime Minister said his government was also proud of the fact that it did not use the “ secret funds ” of the Intelligence Bureau for media manipulation as it believes that the right to free expression needs to be fulfilled .
He said in the past billions of rupees were doled out from the secret fund , however the PML-N government from day one remained committed that it would not use any coercion against the media and there would be no interference , whatsoever .
“ Our government always tried to maintain the freedom of expression at all costs , ” he said and added at the same time it was government 's desire that there were more objectives and positive reporting about Pakistan . He said successful completion of the development projects needs to be highlighted so as to have a feel good factor for the masses .
He said his government successfully managed to maintain objectivity in news and did not link it up to the government advertisements .
Prime Minister Abbasi said like the reforms in all sectors , there was also a need for reform in the news industry . Her called for adopting a self-regulatory mechanism , particularly when there was no history of claiming any damages due to the defamation caused .
He said there was a need for putting in place a system which equally accommodates contradictions of baseless news and allegations leveled against anyone .
Abbasi said the Pakistan of 2018 was different from the one his government inherited in 2013 and said the country has achieved significant success in all areas . He said due acknowledgment of the accomplishments of the government , particularly in boosting the country 's GDP , enhancing investment climate , electricity and gas production , besides tackling terrorism , need to be given .
Minister for Information and Broadcasting Marriyum Aurangzeb expressed the confidence that the media will play its due role in the conduct of free , fair and transparent elections in the country . She said democracy and journalism have a deep link .
Marriyum Aurangzeb said the PML ( N ) government carried out such historic work in its five year tenure which was not done in the last sixty six years .
She said the journalists and columnists should also use their pen to highlight this performance . She was confident that the PML ( N ) will form the next government if the people cast their vote on the basis of performance .
She described the passage of Right to Information Act a big achievement of present government .
She said under this act , Information Commission will also be formed today ( Wednesday ) . She said the act will facilitate the media persons to access any kind of information .
Marriyum Aurangzeb also emphasized the need for review of other media related laws so that the journalists can discharge their duties without any hurdle .
In his remarks Hamid Haroon , President APNS appreciated the Prime Minister for putting the country back on rails at a time when it was facing numerous challenges on various fronts . He was appreciative of the government for its support to the freedom of expression as enshrined under the Constitution of the country .
Better Business Bureau public relations representative Leah Brownridge joins Global Calgary with details on what you should know before buying a gym membership .
A large amount of weaponry given to the PKK terrorist group 's Syrian affiliate by the U.S. was seized by the Turkish military on Sunday in the countryside of Afrin , as the Turkish Armed Forces ( TSK ) and the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) continued Operation Olive Branch in the province . Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdağ said the U.S. did not retrieve the weapons given to the People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) under the pretext of fighting Daesh , disregarding Ankara 's repeated concerns that the weapons pose a threat against Turkey 's national security ; however , they were caught regardless due to the success of the operation in Afrin .
`` Unfortunately , they did not retrieve them . It was left for Turkish troops to collect them . A significant amount of weapons given to the terror group by the U.S. were captured in Afrin , '' Bozdağ told reporters in Istanbul , referring to the weapons captured in a 12-room underground ammunition depot belonging to the YPG during detection operations by the TSK and the FSA in the village of Cuvek , in northwest Afrin . Instead of bombing the 150-meter-long depot , the FSA entered it and took over control without harming any of the civilians hiding inside , said the sources who refused to be named due to restrictions on speaking to the media .
A large amount of weaponry given to the PKK terrorist group 's Syrian affiliate by the U.S. was seized by the Turkish military on Sunday in the countryside of Afrin , as the Turkish Armed Forces ( TSK ) and the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) continued Operation Olive Branch in the province . Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdağ said the U.S. did not retrieve the weapons given to the People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) under the pretext of fighting Daesh , disregarding Ankara 's repeated concerns that the weapons pose a threat against Turkey 's national security ; however , they were caught regardless due to the success of the operation in Afrin .
`` Unfortunately , they did not retrieve them . It was left for Turkish troops to collect them . A significant amount of weapons given to the terror group by the U.S. were captured in Afrin , '' Bozdağ told reporters in Istanbul , referring to the weapons captured in a 12-room underground ammunition depot belonging to the YPG during detection operations by the TSK and the FSA in the village of Cuvek , in northwest Afrin . Instead of bombing the 150-meter-long depot , the FSA entered it and took over control without harming any of the civilians hiding inside , said the sources who refused to be named due to restrictions on speaking to the media .
In the depot , thousands of U.S. and Russian-made anti-aircraft flak and DShK rounds , anti-tank rockets , artillery shells , multiple rocket launcher ammunition and various kinds of tank ammunition and U.S.-made TOW rockets were seized .
In early February , a Turkish tank was hit by the YPG as Turkish troops were advancing on Afrin . During the incident , six soldiers were killed . On Jan. 20 , Turkey launched Operation Olive Branch to eliminate the YPG from Syria 's northwestern Afrin . On Sunday , President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced that Afrin was liberated from the terrorist group , including its town center .
`` Now , we are going to collect the remaining weapons and eliminate the remaining terrorists , '' Bozdağ said . According to Turkish officials , Washington has provided 2,000 planes and 5,000 truckloads of weapons and ammunition to the terrorists , with the condition of using them in the fight against Daesh .
The U.S. partnership with the YPG has been a significant disagreement between Washington and Ankara , as Turkey argues that a terror group can not be used to defeat another one . In addition , the weaponry given to the YPG , which Ankara says is directly linked to the PKK terrorist group , can be transferred to the PKK terrorists , and ultimately used against its citizens . The PKK is listed as a terrorist group by Turkey , the U.S. and the EU .
Still , the U.S. decided to supply truckloads of weapons to YPG in Syria , beginning with former President Barack Obama 's term .
After Ankara 's repeated concerns , the U.S. administration , under the term of President Donald Trump , said they would collect the weapons given to the YPG . Yet , the promise made to Ankara has not been kept , Turkish officials say .
Multibarrel rocket launchers and missile ramps , 80mm and 120mm mortars , MK19 bomb launchers , M4 Cabrine and M16 infantry rifles , U.S.-made BGM-71 TOW anti-tank missiles , Humvee-type military vehicles , Cougar-type armored personnel carriers , unmanned aerial surveillance vehicles and FGM-148 Javelin anti-tank missiles , which the U.S. has repeatedly refused to sell to Turkey , are among the weapons and vehicles provided to the YPG terrorists , reports have previously said .
Afrin has been a major hideout for the YPG/PKK since July 2012 , when the Assad regime in Syria left the city to the terror group without a fight . Turkey is carrying out Operation Olive Branch as it exercises its right of self-defense , within the jurisdictions of international laws , U.N. Security Council resolutions , No . 1624 ( 2005 ) , 2170 ( 2014 ) and 2178 ( 2014 ) in particular , and the Article 51 of the U.N. charter , with full respect for Syria 's territorial integrity .
Bozdağ also added that the town is now under control , however , there is still much to be done to ensure safety and security , as well as rebuilding . `` We know that terrorists have set up many traps in the region before they fled , '' Bozdağ said , adding that the traps and the planted explosives must be cleared before any the reconstruction of the town can begin . After Afrin , Turkey has vowed to clear the remaining YPG-held areas in northern Syria , including areas east of the Euphrates River and Manbij .
Bozdağ also rejected the claims of the YPG terrorists , as reported in the media , that Afrin was left to the Turkish troops . He said they had fled the town `` as they knew that they could not resist against the TSK . '' `` If the terrorists had left in a planned strategic way , they would have taken their weapons and ammo , '' he explained .
Olive Branch may extend to northern Iraq
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said yesterday that operations against the PKK and its affiliates could be conducted in northern Iraq as well . Erdoğan said that Ankara has been communicating its concerns over the PKK presence in northern Iraq , particularly in Sinjar province .
`` If it [ Iraq taking steps against the PKK presence within its territory ] takes too long , then we can launch an `` Olive Branch '' there too , '' the president said .
Chicago gets back-to-back homers from Anthony Rizzo and Ian Happ to start the game , but New York is able to battle back behind Curtis Granderson 's 300th career long ball in a 9-4 win . ( 0:56 )
Matt Harvey 's baseball career has already had enough twists and turns to please the headline writers at the New York tabloids , and it appears they will now be armed with even more material . The New York Mets beat the Chicago Cubs 9-4 on Wednesday with five runs in the eighth inning -- Curtis Granderson 's 300th career home run was the go-ahead blast , and Lucas Duda soon followed with a three-run homer -- but the aftermath of the game was all about Harvey 's poor performance and apparent tired arm .
After the game , Harvey , 28 , said it was `` pretty low for me physically . '' Manager Terry Collins would say , `` Matt 's arm is fatigued . ... He said there 's nothing coming out . '' He 'll see a doctor tomorrow to get it checked out .
The radar readings confirm what everyone saw . Harvey averaged just 91 mph with his fastball , the lowest velocity of any game in his career . He also threw the three slowest fastballs of his career , including one in the third inning to Anthony Rizzo that was clocked at 87.2 mph . While many of the controversies Harvey has faced have been self-induced , it 's still sad to see this as a fan . We 're talking about a guy who was a top-three starter in the game when he was originally injured in August 2013 and returned in 2015 still throwing 96 mph smoke .
In Wednesday 's start , he served up home runs to the first two batters he faced , Rizzo and Ian Happ . In the fourth inning , Kyle Schwarber destroyed a 90 mph fastball :
Collins removed him after that inning ; Harvey had thrown just 58 pitches . Even if there 's no structural damage to his arm , it makes sense to sit him for a spell . He 's not helping the team with a 5.25 ERA and all these short outings . While he allowed no runs in his previous start against the Atlanta Braves , he also labored through 104 pitches in five innings . He has pitched six innings just once in his past nine starts . His body language once again was particularly negative , the look of a pitcher with no confidence in his stuff or his ability to locate his pitches . Peak Harvey averaged fewer than two walks per nine innings ; this year , he 's averaging 4.5 walks per nine .
You also have to wonder if the Mets rushed Harvey back too soon from his thoracic outlet surgery last July :
Remember , the Mets said Harvey should n't be full strength until mid-May . He opened the year in the rotation anyway and now had a dead arm . — Mets Daddy ( @ MetsDaddy2013 ) June 15 , 2017
Aside from Harvey 's issue , Neil Walker also left the game with a leg injury suffered trying to beat a out a bunt . Michael Conforto did n't start for the third consecutive game because of back soreness . Yet they 've now won six of eight and took two of three against the Cubs . With Jose Reyes still struggling at .187 and Asdrubal Cabrera on the disabled list , there is also loud clamoring from Mets fans to call up top prospect Amed Rosario .
At 30-34 , it 's not a lost season just yet . It does feel , however , that Harvey will be the straw that stirs this drink . You ca n't trade him , because you 'd be selling low . So if he does require a DL stint , even just to rest his arm , he needs to return with an attitude adjustment as much as a pitching one .
Dodgers win sixth in a row : With apologies to the Colorado Rockies and Arizona Diamondbacks , the Dodgers are looking more and more like the team to beat in the National League West . Not exactly a bold statement there , but they made a big statement by beating the Indians ' Andrew Miller for the second night in a row . Wednesday 's hero was Kike Hernandez , who pinch-hit for Chase Utley against Miller in the eighth and hit a 1-2 fastball out to right field to break a 2-2 tie . They tacked on three more runs off Miller , who had allowed two runs all season before giving up five these past two nights .
It was the second time in Miller 's career he allowed home runs in consecutive appearances , and the first time he did it on consecutive days . After throwing 25 pitches Tuesday , he came out without his 95-plus velocity , throwing a couple of 91 mph fastballs to Hernandez . The Dodgers ' utility guy is one of their unsung heroes , hitting .237 but slugging .504 as 22 of his 31 hits have gone for extra bases .
Oh , Kenley Jansen had a 1-2-3 ninth with one strikeout . That 's now 45 K 's and zero walks . Maybe the Nationals should have increased their offer to him ?
A hairy situation : Ben Gamel of the Mariners with the play of the day :
Ben Gamel fears no wall . pic.twitter.com/9DP4vcOfg2 — MLB ( @ MLB ) June 15 , 2017
By the way , keep a close eye on Thursday 's Mariners-Twins game . Seattle beat Ervin Santana 6-4 on Wednesday as Mitch Haniger hit a two-run homer and Mike Zunino hit a three-run home run . Both were later hit by a pitch . Probably a coincidence ! But maybe not ! Nelson Cruz was also hit by a pitch , so the Mariners have a few bruises they might not like .
Derek Fisher makes immediate impact for Astros : A former University of Virginia standout and the 37th pick in the 2014 draft , Fisher made his big league debut in left field and did this as part of a two-hit , two-walk night in a 13-2 victory over the Texas Rangers :
Fisher was hitting .335/.401/.608 at Fresno , nice numbers even for Triple-A . He drew 83 walks in the minors in 2016 . In other words , he projects as an offensive upgrade over Norichika Aoki , which could free up Marwin Gonzalez to play less left field and more at first base or even designated hitter , where Carlos Beltran is n't providing much offense .
This should be fun : A fun idea ! Good job , MLB .
News : MLB players can wear nicknames on back of jerseys , crazy-colored footwear , for `` Players Weekend . '' Details : https : //t.co/Rwuek0d4fz — Jeff Passan ( @ JeffPassan ) June 14 , 2017
Players and teams used to do this on a regular basis back in the 1970s . Paul Lukas of Uni Watch covered this a few years ago . Jimmy Wynn , `` The Toy Cannon , '' wore CANNON , for example . Mariners outfielders Ruppert Jones went with RUPE . Ted Turner even snuck in CHANNEL for Andy Messersmith , who wore No . 17 , as a way to advertise his television station ( Channel 17 ) . He was politely informed not to do that again .
The problem , however : Not enough good nicknames in today 's game . Certainly nothing close to the awesomeness of `` The Toy Cannon . '' My one recommendation : Matt Harvey should not wear DARK KNIGHT .
Coconino County Sheriff 's Office will be holding a three day workshop next month for Community Emergency Response Teams , or CERT , Training .
Following a major disaster , first responders who provide fire and medical services may not be able to meet the demand for services . Number of victims , issues with communications , and road blockages can prevent people from accessing the emergency services they have come to expect at a moment 's notice through 911 . People may need to rely on each other for help in order to meet their immediate life-saving and life sustaining needs .
CERT Training includes disaster preparedness , fire suppression , and search and rescue operations , among other topics .
The training will be held from Friday , February 17th through Sunday , February 19th at the Law Enforcement Administrative Facility in Flagstaff . Attendance at all three workshop days is mandatory in order to complete the training .
For more information or to register for the class , call Jon Paxton at ( 928 ) 226-5089 .
The CERT Class Application is also available online at http : //az-coconinocounty.civicplus.com/DocumentCenter/View/13740
Vancouver 's mayor is staying non-committal about the prospect of city library staff using naloxone to reverse overdoses .
The drug has been responsible for saving countless lives amid B.C . 's opioid overdose crisis , however some city staff have been told they are not to administer it .
READ MORE : B.C . averaged 4 fatal overdoses a day in January
Librarians have been told instead to call 911 if they find someone they suspect is overdosing — but according to the city , that 's over safety concerns .
On Monday , Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson said the “ next steps in terms of staff training and policy around naloxone ” required further study .
“ We will wait and see the outcome of that review , ” he said .
READ MORE : Civilians now being trained as first responders in effort to battle opioid crisis in B.C .
Vancouver police and firefighters were some of the first in North America to be equipped with the drug , and Robertson pointed to their specialized training .
“ With the rest of city staff , it 's still a process of training and determining exactly… the incidents of overdose are far fewer for those , the rest of city staff , ” he said .
READ MORE : B.C . marks 2017 as deadliest O.D . death year in provincial history
“ We have quite a few front-line workers on the streets and first responders that obviously are trained for this . ”
More than 1,400 people died of suspected drug overdoses in B.C . last year . In January this year , overdoses killed British Columbians at a rate of about four per day .
Vancouver saw the largest proportion of those fatal overdoses , with 33 recorded in the first month of the year .
A Halifax bus mechanic who allegedly created a poisonous work environment by terrorizing his co-workers with racial slurs and harassment no longer works for the municipality .
City spokesman Nick Ritcey says Arthur Maddox is no longer with Halifax Transit but he declined to discuss how or why he left his position , citing “ confidential personnel matters . ”
READ : N.S . Human Rights Commission finds Halifax Transit mechanic discriminated in ‘ poisoned work environment '
Arthur Maddox 's tenure with the transit service , which started in 1988 and included a brief termination in 2001 , ended after a Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission board of inquiry decision found his workplace behaviour to be “ disrespectful , aggressive and racist . ”
Lynn Connors , independent board chairwoman , said in her decision released publicly on Tuesday that Maddox bullied his co-workers and intimidated them into silence .
WATCH : Black janitors in Halifax allege racial discrimination , plan to file human rights complaint
She said the irony did not escape her that Maddox continued to be employed with Halifax Transit while his victims had all left in part due to his behaviour and the “ poisoned work environment ” he created .
Jacques Dube , chief administrative officer for the municipality , issued an apology Tuesday to the complainant and his family .
A Long Beach woman has pleaded guilty to helping smuggle gun parts and thousands of rounds of ammunition to the Philippines .
The Long Beach Press-Telegram says 61-year-old Marlou Mendoza entered the plea Monday and could face up to 15 years in federal prison .
Her son , Mark , remains a fugitive .
Federal prosecutors say that in 2011 , Mendoza shipped tens of thousands of 22.-caliber rounds to her native country without providing the required written notice . She was arrested last year at Los Angeles International Airport as she returned from a trip to the Philippines .
An indictment alleges that her son used his company , Last Resort Armaments , to order more than $ 100,000 worth of firearms equipment and ammunition , including parts for M-16 and AR-15 rifles that require State Department licenses for shipping
After days of anticipation , the final 30-rounds of the Major League Baseball draft took place Wednesday where a handful of “ Hawaii guys ” had their dreams realized with a shot at pro ball .
A total of eight players linked to Aloha state baseball were selected on the third and final day of the draft , from the prep ranks to the collegiate level .
The first player to get the call was recent Hilo graduate , Pitcher Joey Jarneski , who went in the 12th-round and will sign with the Rangers for a signing-bonus that was not released .
Waipahu catcher Kolbie Russell was taken in the 17th-round and also told KHON2 Sports Director Rob DeMello that he will be signing with the Toronto Blue Jays .
The breakdown was four recent island prep graduates , two seniors from the University of Hawaii and two members of the 2017 UH recruiting class .
MLB DRAFT // DAY THREE // PLAYERS WITH HAWAII TIES
12th round – Joey Jarneski – Pitcher – Hilo // Texas Rangers *
16th round – Cade Smith – Pitcher – UH recruit // Minnesota Twins
16th round – Joey Cantillo – Pitcher – Kailua/Kentucky // San Diego Padres
17th round – Kolbie Russell – Catcher – Waipahu // Toronto Blue Jays *
18th round – Casey Ryan – Pitcher – Hawaii // Chicago Cubs
20th round – Austin Rubrick – Pitcher – UH recruit // Milwaukee Brewers
26th round – Josh Rojas – 3rd baseman – Hawaii // Houston Astros
37th round – Cole Cabrera – OF – Punahou // Tampa Bay Rays
* has confirmed signing with pro team
By election result 2018 LIVE updates : The counting of votes is underway in 11 Assembly and four Lok Sabha seats across India , including for the crucial Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha bypolls . TMC has maintained its lead in West Bengal 's Maheshtala . CPM and BJP are in a close fight for the second position . BJP is leading is Palghar with 11,405 votes .
The results of these two Lok Sabha seats are important for all four major political parties—BJP , Shiv Sena , Congress and NCP—as the outcome is likely to have a bearing on their future course .
`` The counting of votes will start from 8 am in both the constituencies on Thursday . The final percentage of votes in Bhandara-Gondia will be revised late in the evening after the re-polling in 49 booths in the constituency ends , '' an election officer said .
While 53.22 percent of the 1.73 crore electorate exercised their franchise in Palghar , in Bhandara-Gondia , 53.15 percent of the total 1.76 crore voters cast their votes on Monday .
The voting was marred by allegations of malfunctioning in electronic voting machines ( EVMs ) .
The Election Commission ( EC ) on Tuesday ordered re-polling at 49 booths in five of the six Assembly segments in Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha constituency on Wednesday , after allegations of malfunctioning of EVMs and VVPATs .
Former Union minister Praful Patel claimed that almost 25 percent of EVMs malfunctioned in the bypoll to Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha seat , while Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut said those in power were contesting elections while keeping the `` key and remote of EVMs in their hands '' .
Abhimanyu Kale , the district collector of Gondia , was transferred on Wednesday after the Lok Sabha by-election there was marred by large scale complaints of malfunctioning of the EVMs .
An FIR was filed against a polling officer in Palghar as he transported some EVMs to the counting centre in a private car against norms , after voting for the Palghar Lok Sabha bypoll ended .
The by-election in Palghar was necessitated due to death of sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga . The Bhandara-Gondia seat was vacated after BJP 's Nana Patole resigned from the party and quit his Lok Sabha membership .
As many as 25 candidates were in the fray for the two LS seats : 18 in Bhandara-Gondia and seven in Palghar . Both the seats are crucial for the BJP . The saffron party locked horns with the NCP to retain the Bhandara-Gondia seat , while in Palghar it is locked in a fierce battle with its estranged ally Shiv Sena , despite the contest being five-cornered .
Retaining Bhandara-Gondia is important for the BJP since its MP Nana Patole had quit the party in December 2017 and later joined the Congress . Stakes are also high in Palghar as Shiv Sena has fielded Sriniwas Wanaga , son of late BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga .
The BJP had roped in Union minister Smriti Irani Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath for the campaign . In Bhandara-Gondia , the NCP had fielded Madhukar Kukde , while the BJP had nominated Hemant Patle . Although there are total of 18 candidates in Bhandara-Gondia , the main contest is between the BJP and the NCP .
Congress leaders in the constituency are miffed that the party gave the seat to NCP despite Nana Patole returning to the Congress fold . Patole had defeated NCP leader Praful Patel in 2014 . Patel has represented the seat earlier in the Lok Sabha .
The BJP represents five of the six Assembly segments in the Lok Sabha constituency : Tumsar , Bhandara , Sakoli , Arjuni Morgaon , Tirora , while Gopaldas Agarwal of Congress represents Gondia .
In Punjab , the Shahkot Assembly bypoll results , which will be out on Thursday , is being seen as a popularity test for the 14-month-old Congress government in Punjab , with Opposition SAD striving to retain its stronghold . The bypoll was necessitated following the demise of Shiromani Akali Dal ( SAD ) MLA Ajit Singh Kohar in February .
While the SAD is striving to retain its pocket borough from where Kohar was elected five times , the results for the ruling Congress in Punjab is being seen as a barometer for the popularity of the 14-month-old Amarinder Singh dispensation . During the bypoll , the Opposition party had accused the Congress of misusing official machinery against political opponents .
The AAP , which faced a humiliating defeat in the Gurdaspur Lok Sabha bypoll and civic polls , is desperately looking for a victory in Shahkot . The Congress is confident of maintaining the winning momentum by wresting the seat from rival SAD .
Over 76 percent of 1.72 lakh voters had exercised their franchise for the Shahkot bypoll on 28 May where the Congress , the SAD and the AAP were locked in a triangular battle .
The other bypoll seats where the results are expected on Thursday are Bihar 's Jokihat Assembly seat where the main candidates are JD-U 's Murshid Alam , RJD 's Shahnawaz Alam and an Independent candidate Mohammad Shabbir and Jharkhand 's Silli and Gomia seat .
In Silli Assembly seat , Jharkhand Mukti Morcha ( JMM ) candidate Seema Mahto faces ruling NDA constituent All Jharkhand Students Union ( AJSU ) president Sudesh Mahto and in Gomia , the BJP and the AJUS are fighting separately . The BJP has fielded former minister Madavlal Singh and AJSU has fielded Lambodar Mahto who was a state government employee . The JMM has fielded Babita Devi , wife of Yogendra Mahto who was disqualified as legislator after he was convicted in a case and sentenced to two years in jail .
Meanwhile , in the east , bypoll in West Bengal 's Maheshtala Assembly seat was held following the death of Trinamool Congress MLA Kasturi Das . The party has fielded her husband Dulal Das , while the BJP , which is trying to emerge as the main challenger to the rulign TMC , has fielded Sujit Ghosh , a former CBI joint director . The Left has nominated Prabhat Chowdhury .
The results of the Ampati Assembly in Meghalaya will be interesting as it witnessed a triangular contest , where Miani D Shira , the daughter of Leader of Opposition Mukul Sangma , is the Congress candidate , Clement G Momin is the nominee of the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance while Subhankar Koch is the Independent contestant .
The by-election in this constituency was necessitated after Sangma resigned from the seat as he had won from Songsak seat as well in the February 27 Assembly election .
Down south , in Kerala 's Chengannur , the battle is largely between the ruling CPM , the main Opposition Congress and the BJP . The BJP has just one MLA in Kerala , and it is seeking to expand its support base in the state where politics has been dominated by the CPM-led Left Democratic Front and Congress headed United Democratic Front for decades .
Click here to follow LIVE updates on Kairana , Noorpur bypolls ' results
By Rodrigo Campos and Jonathan Allen
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A senior North Korean official made a rare visit to the United States on Wednesday for talks about a possible summit between the leaders of the two countries but the sides appeared far apart on the central issue of Pyongyang 's nuclear weapons .
Kim Yong Chol , a close aide of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and vice chairman of the ruling Workers ' Party 's Central Committee , arrived at New York 's John F. Kennedy airport on a flight from Beijing . He was later seen entering a hotel in midtown Manhattan .
Kim Yong Chol is due to meet with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Wednesday and Thursday to discuss whether to go ahead with an unprecedented meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim .
The summit , originally planned for June 12 in Singapore , has been cast in doubt as the two countries - which have technically been at war since the 1950s - test each other 's diplomatic mettle .
Trump last week called off the summit after North Korea expressed anger at comments by U.S. officials . But Trump later said he was reconsidering his position and U.S. , North Korean and South Korean officials have gone ahead with summit preparations anyway .
The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarized zone along the border between North and South Korea for the summit were going well and that it expects the historic meeting to take place on June 12 .
A U.S. official said negotiations about the summit 's agenda have so far been slow going , and the two fundamental issues , the definition of North Korean denuclearisation and whether both sides would take actions at the same time or separately , remained unsettled .
Trump has sworn not to allow North Korea to develop nuclear missiles that could hit the United States and wants North Korea to `` denuclearize , '' or get rid of its nuclear arms .
But the leadership in Pyongyang is believed to regard nuclear weapons as crucial to its survival and has rejected unilaterally disarming .
( Reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Jonathan Allen in New york ; additional reporting by David Brunnstrom and Matt Spetalnick in Washington ; Writing by Alistair Bell ; editing by Grant McCool ; Editing by Mary Milliken )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
The most electric and elusive talent in the New Orleans Saints ' renowned 2017 draft class is taking home some hardware .
Saints running back Alvin Kamara won the AP Offensive Rookie of the Year at NFL Honors on Saturday . Kamara ( 28 votes ) beat out Chiefs RB Kareem Hunt ( 21 ) and Texans QB Deshaun Watson ( 1 ) .
Drafted in the third round out of Tennessee , Kamara was the fifth running back taken behind Leonard Fournette , Christian McCaffrey , Dalvin Cook and Joe Mixon . He was selected 19 spots ahead of Hunt . Kamara was the last of a fantastic foursome selected by New Orleans in 2017 ( Marshon Lattimore , Ryan Ramczyk , Marcus Williams ) .
Kamara entered the league as the third wheel in a crowded running back room , with veteran Mark Ingram and future Hall of Famer Adrian Peterson garnering most of the preseason attention . But when Peterson , not Kamara , proved to be the odd man out and was traded to the Arizona Cardinals in midseason , Kamara took off .
Thrilling onlookers and terrorizing defenses with his slippery running style and breakaway speed , Kamara racked up 14 total touchdowns ( 8 rush , 5 rec , 1 return ) in the regular season , and added two during New Orleans ' postseason run . In doing so , Kamara joined Pro Football Hall of Famer Gale Sayers ( 1965 ) as the only other rookie in league history to have at least five rushing TDs , five receiving TDs and a kickoff-return TD .
Kamara 's 6.1 yards per carry led all running backs with at least 120 attempts ; the next closest was Patriots runner Dion Lewis ( 5.0 ) . Kamara led all halfbacks in receiving yards ( 826 ) and trailed only Le'Veon Bell in receptions ( 81 ) . He capped off the year with his first of what will be many Pro Bowl appearances and also won the fan-voted Pepsi NFL Rookie of the Year .
Kamara oozed confidence in his first season in professional football , and it showed on and off the field . After he was through leaping over defenders and slicing through their arm tackles , Kamara often made appearances on `` 21st & Prime '' alongside his backfield buddy Ingram .
The rookie also embraced his new surroundings during a year of transition . As chronicled in Sports Illustrated , Kamara spoke of how much he relished New Orleans ' `` feel-good vibe '' and how he enjoyed walking home from games at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome , one with the fans , on his way to the city 's many fine eating establishments and equally renowned clubs .
`` I 'm enjoying the motherf -- -ing bountiful harvest , '' he said after one win . `` We win , I 'm turning up . ''
Moline Police and Fire responded to The Residence Inn in Moline on April 18th for an unresponsive male .
Kyle P. Medinger , a 33-year-old East Moline resident was pronounced dead at the Genesis Hospital-Illini Campus . An autopsy revealed Medinger died from an opioid overdose .
Moline Police obtained arrest warrants for Drug-Induced Homicide for David C. Flores , a 33-year-old Rock Island resident , Ashley M. Gengler , a 31-year-old Milan resident and Ajayi M. McIntyre , a-39 year-old Rock Island resident .
David Flores , Ashley Gengler , and Ajayi McIntyre were arrested May 22nd , 2018 . They all remain in the Rock Island County Jail on $ 250,000 bond on drug-induced homicide charges .
The case was investigated with the assistance of Quad City Metropolitan Enforcement Group , Milan Police Department , Rock Island County State 's Attorney 's Office and the Rock Island County Coroner .
The classic rock group will perform at the new Detroit arena on Oct. 27 with Glenn Frey 's son sitting in for his father
The Eagles perfrom onstage during the 58th Annual Grammy music Awards in Los Angeles February 15 , 2016 . AFP PHOTO/ ROBYN BECKROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images ( Photo : ROBYN BECK / AFP/Getty Images )
The Eagles are joining this fall 's all-star lineup at Little Caesars Arena .
The classic rockers will play their first Detroit concert since the January 2016 death of original member ( and Royal Oak native ) Glenn Frey on Oct. 27 , promoters announced Monday .
Tickets for the concert go on sale at 10 a.m. Saturday through LiveNation.com and Ticketmaster.com . American Express holders will get a first crack at pre-sale tickets beginning at 10 a.m. Tuesday . Prices are TBA .
Last month , the Eagles played their first concerts since Frey 's death at the Classic West and Classic East concerts with Frey 's 24-year-old son , Deacon Frey , sitting in for his late father . Country star and guitar virtuoso Vince Gill also played with the group , and Bob Seger made a surprise appearance with the band during the Classic West concert on July 15 .
The Little Caesars Arena show is one of just four concerts the band announced on Monday . The group will also play Greensboro , NC on Oct. 17 , Atlanta on Oct. 20 and Louisville on Oct. 24 .
The Eagles last Metro Detroit concert was a July 2015 stop at Joe Louis Arena .
agraham @ detroitnews.com
( 313 ) 222-2284
@ grahamorama
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2w5JDcS
The Benicia High School girls basketball team beat Vallejo , 62-41 , on Tuesday in the regular season finale for both programs .
Kaylan Lockrem had 15 points and 14 boards to lead the Panthers ( 15-9 , 6-4 ) . Kameron Hatcher had 10 points and six assists and Elizabeth Sweeney finished with six points and eight boards . Morgan Bundy , Gabriella Quitevis and Ama Ogan each had six points .
Ajaloni Irvin scored a game-high 20 points to lead the Redhawks . Kianie Williams had nine points and Kiarra Smith had five points .
Benicia head coach Randy Saitz said Vallejo gave his team a good battle in the season finale .
The Panthers await the Sac-Joaquin Section playoff bracket .
Members of of the Iraqi forces stand by a humvee in the old city of Mosul .
With the social media embargo for Avengers : Infinity War finally lifted , the initial reactions to the highly-anticipated Avengers `` three-quel '' tease it to be the most thrilling Marvel movie yet . While it is not without its flaws , Infinity War still promises to be a fan-favorite .
Since Avengers : Infinity War 's announcement in 2014 , many fans have been excited to see the culmination of the Marvel Cinematic Universe as the Avengers finally face off against the Mad Titan Thanos . However , about just as many Marvel fans have been worried about how the movie would turn out . With 22 main heroes , people were worried that the focus of the movie would be too spread out , and Infinity War could become Marvel 's first critical failure . Fortunately , most of those fears were shot down today .
While the embargo on Infinity War 's actual reviews has not been lifted just yet , the Internet reactions still give us a clue as to what to expect . The majority of the Twitter reactions are completely positive , praising Avengers : Infinity War as one of the MCU 's best movies to date .
One of the best parts about the movie , as people described , is the non-stop action . Many people compared the action and events of Infinity War to the beloved Airport fight in Captain America : Civil War , so assuming you enjoyed the Airport fight , you will most likely enjoy Infinity War . The action is described as being full of emotion , in addition to having the humor that has sold fans on many of Marvel 's latest movies .
However , the seemingly non-stop action of Infinity War was also a negative part of the movie for some who saw it . For some audience members , the action became overwhelming , and even exhausting . A few people said that they would 've liked to have seen the action take a break to leave some room for more emotional moments between characters . However , superhero movies are action movies , and this might be one of Marvel 's first to deliver on having nearly non-stop action throughout .
Another great part about Avengers : Infinity War according to the reactions is the villain Thanos . Thanos is described as the ultimate cure to Marvel 's `` villain problem , '' as Infinity War will not only make Thanos into a truly threatening villain , but also a villain we may even understand on an emotional level , given his backstory . This is certainly great news for Marvel fans who have had an issue with their `` villain problem '' in the past . While other villains like Killmonger in Black Panther seemed to fix this problem , other villains like Hela in Thor : Ragnarok proved that the problem was still alive and well . Regardless , it is great news to hear that this issue will not be prevalent in Avengers : Infinity War .
But do n't just take my word for it , see the Internet reactions for yourself . While most fans will have to wait until Infinity War releases this weekend to make their own judgements on the latest movie from Marvel Studios , these initial reactions prove that we are in for quite a ride .
If the entire MCU was a season then this thing is a season finale . It all comes together . And it never lets up . # InfinityWar # InfinityWarPremiere # ThanosDemandsYourSilencepic.twitter.com/Z0IMetZwBM — Ryan J. Downey ( @ ryandowney ) April 24 , 2018
I am overwhelmed . The movie is epic beyond compare . LOVED it . My legs are still shaking . It 's a gigantic @ Marvel masterpiece . So much to say but I 'll stay Silent Bob til Monday so as not to slip in spoilers . Suffice to say it 's gon na be a looooong year until @ Avengers 4 ... pic.twitter.com/aHnsgj5MK0 — KevinSmith ( @ ThatKevinSmith ) April 24 , 2018
WE SAW INFINITY WAR AND KNOW EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENS IN IT OMG — Brie Larson ( @ brielarson ) April 24 , 2018
# Avengers # InfinityWar : Wow . Just ... WOW ! I was NOT expecting THIS ! What a ballsy movie ! Blown away ! See this NOW ! Do not get spoiled ! Ca n't believe what I just saw ! ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/dITeGTHTsu — Jenna Busch ( @ JennaBusch ) April 24 , 2018
Jaw on ground . You are not ready for 'Avengers : Infinity War ' . All you have to know is AVOID ALL SPOILERS ! Seriously . Go in knowing as little as possible . The @ Russo_Brothers did the impossible . Wow . pic.twitter.com/noKZ5cQWdc — Steven Weintraub ( @ colliderfrosty ) April 24 , 2018
AVENGERS : INFINITY WAR is basically CAPTAIN AMERICA : CIVIL WAR times 20 , except with less hero-on-hero fighting . I think people who loved the airport fight in CIVIL WAR like I did will go nuts for this film , and people who were bored will be 20 times as bored here . # InfinityWar — Tasha Robinson ( @ TashaRobinson ) April 24 , 2018
My God . # AvengersInfinityWar was Incredible . Incredible . Incredible . The visuals , the story , the GUTS . The action is non stop , the movie grips you and never lets you go . EVERYONE gets a moment to shine . And that ending ... My God that ending ... Best film the MCU has ever done ! — John Steven Rocha ( @ TheRochaSays ) April 24 , 2018
# InfinityWar is mostly great , somehow managing to mix all the elements of the MCU into one big mix-tape of fun , thrills , emotion ... and despair . The ending is brilliant . — Scott Collura ( @ ScottCollura ) April 24 , 2018
Buy a ticket for a second viewing of # AvengersInfinityWar now . The movie delivers , it 's huge , and no one in your theater is going to be able to sit quietly through this one . Expect the unexpected . pic.twitter.com/8eobaAYrSF — Jill Pantozzi ♿ ( @ JillPantozzi ) April 24 , 2018
# AvengersInfinityWar is my second fave @ Marvel movie after # BlackPanther . The superhero interplay is hilarious and surprising at every turn . The action is monumental . And there are actual stakes this time around . Kevin Feige is not f-cking around with this one . — Nigel M. Smith ( @ nigelmfs ) April 24 , 2018
AVENGERS : INFINITY WAR has like ten legit `` chill down the spine '' great moments . But it 's for sure the first half of a two part movie and I left a little unsatisfied/frustrated , maybe by design ... at least that 's how I feel right now three hours later . — Mike Ryan ( @ mikeryan ) April 24 , 2018
Beyond the inevitable deaths , the most shocking thing about Avengers : Infinity War is what an unapologetic , full-bore sci-fi movie it is . Despite having made two relatively grounded Marvel movies , The Russo 's take to these outrageous fantasyscapes like ducks to water . — Max Evry ( @ maxevry ) April 24 , 2018
I saw # AvengersInfinityWar earlier tonight and I can say that it delivers . There 's a lot of really fun character interactions , some cool action moments ( Thor 's powers , Iron Man 's suit ) , and a few powerful emotional beats . Most of the humor is 👌🏻 Also Captain America is 💥 pic.twitter.com/WoZNPDpGXk — Molly Freeman ( @ mollyrockit ) April 24 , 2018
From beginning to end , # AvengersInfinityWar is non-stop action . It 's really dynamic and jaw-dropping , but at times , it could have stopped for air and give us more substance on plot points . Loved it when the audience clapped as soon as # BlackPanther & # okoye entered the scene . — Wilson Morales ( @ blackfilm ) April 24 , 2018
AVENGERS : INFINITY WAR is very weighty and juggles most of its characters with consideration . It 's the closest thing to a Paul Thomas Anderson movie you 'll find in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . I Am Shook ! # Marvel # AvengersInfinityWarpic.twitter.com/YgntkXFIkv — Rudie Obias ( @ RudieObias ) April 24 , 2018
INFINITY WAR is exhausting . * Exhausting . * It all just turned into noise for me after a while . But the amazing ending almost made up for the rest of it . And Thanos is a good , sad villain . — Bilge Ebiri ( @ BilgeEbiri ) April 24 , 2018
Social media embargo has lifted on # avengersinfinitywar : I found it epic , satisfying , SURPRISING w/ LOT of crowd pleasing moments . Thanos is compelling , sympathetic . Henchpeople pose true threat . This is a culmination of decade of adventures . MVP is Thor . Unleash your Qs ... — Aaron Sagers ( @ aaronsagers ) April 24 , 2018
WASHINGTON — Roseanne Barr has apologized for targeting one of President Barack Obama 's senior advisers as the offspring of the “ Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes , ” as she responded to a social media conspiracy theory about President Donald Trump 's predecessor .
“ I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans . I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks . I should have known better . Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste , ” Barr wrote on Twitter , later adding , “ I am now leaving Twitter . ”
I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans . I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks . I should have known better . Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 29 , 2018
I apologize . I am now leaving Twitter . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 29 , 2018
Barr previously referred to Obama aide Valerie Jarrett as “ muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj. ” She was responding to a Tweet that alleged that “ Jarrett helped hide a lot. ” That was a reference to a Wikileaks claim that the CIA during Obama 's term spied on candidates for the French election .
https : //twitter.com/therealroseanne/status/1001353729872773121
Barr stars in the ABC revival of her sitcom , which has been renewed for another season . A spokesman for the network did not immediately return a request for comment . A spokesman for Jarrett said she had no comment .
Barr 's tweet was met with immediate condemnation despite her apology . Among those speaking out was her co-star and fellow “ Roseanne ” executive producer Sara Gilbert . Gilbert called Barr 's remarks “ abhorrent ” and said she was “ disappointed in her actions to say the least . ”
Roseanne 's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett , and so much more , are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in her actions to say the least . — sara gilbert ( @ THEsaragilbert ) May 29 , 2018
Gilbert sought to distance the show from its namesake star . “ Roseanne , ” she asserted , remains an entity “ separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member. ” But the backlash was clearly growing in the hours after Barr 's tweet and apology . “ Roseanne ” consulting producer Wanda Sykes , who is African-American , announced via Twiter that she would not return to the show for its second season .
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us , as we 've created a show that we believe in , are proud of , and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member . — sara gilbert ( @ THEsaragilbert ) May 29 , 2018
During Obama 's administration , Jarrett was one of the president 's closest advisers . Jarrett , an African-American , was born in Iran to American parents .
Barr responded to criticism that her tweet was racist by writing , “ Muslims r not a race . ”
Barr also tweeted about Chelsea Clinton , referring to her as “ Chelsea Soros Clinton. ” That is a reference to George Soros , the billionaire who has helped fund progressive causes . Clinton fired back with her own response , writing , “ Good morning Roseanne – my given middle name is Victoria . I imagine George Soros 's nephews are lovely people . I 'm just not married to one . I am grateful for the important work @ OpenSociety does in the world . Have a great day ! ”
Good morning Roseanne – my given middle name is Victoria . I imagine George Soros 's nephews are lovely people . I 'm just not married to one . I am grateful for the important work @ OpenSociety does in the world . Have a great day ! https : //t.co/mXokiTEwN7 — Chelsea Clinton ( @ ChelseaClinton ) May 29 , 2018
Barr 's apology did not stop calls for ABC to respond .
Joe Scarborough , host of MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe , ” wrote , “ Hey @ ABC , Roseanne Barr compared Valerie Jarrett to an ape . There is no apology she can make that justifies @ ABC turning a blind eye to this bigotry by airing another second of her show . Even in the Age of Trump , there are red lines that can never be crossed . This is one . ”
Hey @ ABC , Roseanne Barr compared Valerie Jarrett to an ape . There is no apology she can make that justifies @ ABC turning a blind eye to this bigotry by airing another second of her show .
Even in the Age of Trump , there are red lines that can never be crossed . This is one . — Joe Scarborough ( @ JoeNBC ) May 29 , 2018
Tim Miller , spokesman for Jeb Bush 's presidential campaign , wrote , “ It 's weird how Real American Anti-PC Warriors who are shining a light on out of touch elites keep calling black people apes . ”
It 's weird how Real American Anti-PC Warriors who are shining a light on out of touch elites keep calling black people apes . — Tim Miller ( @ Timodc ) May 29 , 2018
Others pointed to the way that Walt Disney Co.-unit ESPN responded to the controversy over Jemele Hill , who was suspended for a series of tweets in which she called President Trump a white supremacist and later suggested a boycott of advertisers of the Dallas Cowboys .
She responded on Twitter on Tuesday , “ Please God let me mind my business today . ”
US sanctions on Russian military exports have put the brakes on a $ 6 billion deal with India and may derail the arms purchases of other US allies around Asia , experts say.Under a law that US President Donald Trump signed in August , any country trading with Russia 's defence and intelligence sectors will face sanctions.The law is designed to punish Russian President Vladimir Putin for the 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine , involvement in the Syrian civil war and meddling in the 2016 US presidential election.But American allies who buy weapons and equipment from Russia , the world 's second-largest arms exporter , could suffer as well.The highest-profile example is India , which wants to buy five S-400 long-range surface-to-air missile systems that the country 's military sees as a game changer . The systems are touted as being able to counter the ballistic missiles and stealth aircraft that China is developing , while overwhelming the capabilities of Pakistan.The deal , which Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi struck as part of an inter-government agreement in 2016 , has run headlong into the US sanctions law , two officials in Delhi said.Indonesia and Vietnam also buy weapons from Russia while being regional partners of the United States . Jakarta closed a $ 1.14 billion pacts for Sukhoi fighters recently , while Vietnam is seeking more jet fighter-bombers from Russia.And with both Almaz-Antey Air and Space Defense Corporation , which makes the S-400 , and Rosoboronexport , which negotiates Russian export deals , listed as under sanction , those deals have become trickier . `` The optics of a major arms purchase from Russia looks quite 'iffy ' from the point of view of Western capitals , especially at a time when Russia-West relations are at an all-time low and India seeks strategic convergence with the West , including with the US '' said Abhijnan Rej , a defence strategy expert at Observer Research Foundation , a New Delhi think tank.The US-led airstrikes this month against facilities of the Syrian government , an ally of Russia , has further aggravated tensions between the superpowers.A Russian source close to the Indian S-400 deal said `` a lot will depend on the confidence and sanity of our Indian partners . `` The effects of the US sanctions law could be more sweeping than intended , said Cara Abercrombie , a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.Vietnam , whose air force flies Russian-made Su-30 fighters and uses the S-300 air defence system , wants to continue modernising its inventory.Vietnamese military scholar Carl Thayer said he believed Moscow was still pushing Hanoi to invest in state-of-the-art S-400 missile defences as part of its long-term military plans . `` I think it is clear that Russia is still pressing Vietnam for big deals , '' Thayer said , noting that the two countries already have had reciprocal visits by defence ministers this year.But with the United States working hard to promote sales of American military hardware , and sanctions against Russia 's exporting agencies , Vietnam 's plans could prove overly costly.Indonesia , meanwhile , said the delivery of the first couple of Sukhoi Su-35 jets out of a total of 11 is on track for this year . Officials said that so far they did not anticipate any changes to the deal with the Russians.Indonesian defence officials declined to describe what , if anything , they might do to tackle the fallout of the sanctions imposed on Russian arms sales.Foreign Secretary Vijay Gokhale and Defence Secretary Sanjay Mitra held discussions with US officials in Washington last month to try to find a solution , a second Indian official said.The issue is crucial to the Indian military , because without Russian parts , supplies and maintenance help , `` our ships wo n't sail , our planes wo n't fly , '' the official said . `` We can hardly be the regional security provider that America wants us to be at this rate . `` One way to avoid secondary sanctions would be if the US determines that India is reducing its dependence on Russian arms , said Atman Trivedi , managing director of Hills & Company , a Washington-based firm that advises on international trade and investment.Russian hardware represented 62 percent of the country 's total weapons imports during the past five years , compared with 79 percent in 2008-2012 , the Stockholm Peace Research Institute said in a report last month.The US administration could also declare that imposing sanctions on India , a major defence partner , would hurt U.S. national security interests . That would allow a waiver permitting India to do business with Russia.The United States has emerged as India 's No . 2 weapons supplier , closing $ 15 billion worth of deals over the last decade . Now Lockheed Martin and Boeing are leading the race to provide India with a fleet of new fighter-bombers , one of the world 's largest open tenders . `` The intent of the legislation was never to disrupt U.S.-India defence relations , which Congress has repeatedly recognised in law as a strategic priority to the U.S. , '' said Benjamin Schwartz , aerospace and defence head at United States India Business Council.Abercrombie of Carnegie added that if Congress grants waivers to India , it may also need to do so for other countries such as Vietnam and Indonesia . `` The bottom line : India warrants an exemption from these secondary sanctions , as does any country with which the US is forging new and strategically important defence relations , '' she said .
( Reuters ) - Gold prices ticked up amid a softer dollar on Monday , but lacked impetus to push higher weighed by expectations of an increase in interest rates in the United States .
Gold bars are seen at the Austrian Gold and Silver Separating Plant 'Oegussa ' in Vienna , Austria , March 18 , 2016 . REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/File Photo
Spot gold was up 0.2 percent at $ 1,249.90 an ounce , as of 0751 GMT , after hitting its lowest since July 26 at $ 1,243.71 last week .
U.S. gold futures were 0.3 percent higher at $ 1,251.70 .
The dollar gave up some early gains on Monday , but losses were limited as stronger-than-expected U.S. jobs data and expectations of higher interest rates in the United States provided underlying support .
U.S. employment data on Friday showed jobs increased in November , painting a portrait of a healthy economy that analysts say does not require the kind of fiscal stimulus that President Donald Trump is proposing , even though wage gains remain moderate .
“ Expectations this week are that bullion will hold a narrow range into Wednesday 's FOMC rates decision , while following Friday 's stronger than expected U.S. jobs data we see a 90 percent chance that interest rates will be raised , with the potential that gold may extend recent weakness toward $ 1,200 ” MKS PAMP trader Sam Laughlin said in a note .
The Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates at its two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday , and provide outlook on further rate hikes next year .
Higher U.S. rates tend to boost the dollar and push bond yields up , putting pressure on greenback-denominated , non-yielding gold .
“ Gold will remain under further modest pressure . .. However , any decline is expected to be modest as the rate rise is largely anticipated , ” said John Sharma , an economist with National Australia Bank .
Meanwhile , newly launched bitcoin futures on the Chicago-based CBOE Global Markets exchange and shot above $ 18,000 on Monday , having opened at $ 15,460 .
“ It seems that the bitcoin mania has swept a lot of investors . However , the recent spike in volatility of bitcoin futures might lure investors away from the cryptocurrency and into gold , ” Sharma said .
The United States , Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills starting on Monday , Japan 's Maritime Self-Defence Force said , as tensions rise in the region over North Korea 's fast-developing weapons programmes .
Spot gold still targets $ 1,239 per ounce , Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao said .
Hedge funds and money managers sharply reduced their net long positions in COMEX gold and silver contracts in the week to Dec. 5 , U.S. data showed on Friday .
Meanwhile , silver was down 0.1 percent at $ 15.82 .
Platinum rose 0.3 percent to $ 890 an ounce , after touching its lowest since February 2016 last week , while palladium was 0.2 percent higher at $ 1,008.50 .
New Delhi : Congress leader P Chidambaram on Monday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's campaign for the BJP in Gujarat had gone `` beyond bizarre '' and asked whether a political party should go to any length to win an election .
The former Union finance and home minister also wondered whether winning an election was so important that `` such allegations '' can be made against a former prime minister and a former vice-president .
Addressing an election rally in Palanpur , Gujarat , on Monday , Modi had suggested that Pakistan was trying to influence Assembly polls in the state .
He claimed that some Pakistani officials and Manmohan Singh met at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar 's house over dinner on 6 December . This was a day before Aiyar 's `` neech '' jibe against Modi .
`` The BJP 's campaign in Gujarat in the last few days , especially on Monday , has gone beyond bizarre . Should a political party go to any length to win an election ? '' Chidambaram said on Twitter .
In a new twist to the vitriol-filled campaign , Modi had said in Palanpur that the dinner at Aiyar 's house was attended by Pakistan 's high commissioner , Pakistan 's former foreign minister , India 's former vice president and former prime minister Manmohan Singh .
Though Modi did not name the ex-vice president present at the meeting , BJP president Amit Shah said in Ahmedabad that it was Hamid Ansari .
Bobby Ross talked about that day in Houston 25 years ago with an inflection in his voice , the kind you 'd use when remembering , say , your worst bout of food poisoning .
“ Horrible , ” he said . “ We did n't score a point . ”
The 1992 San Diego Chargers had lost four games in a row , the most recent a 27-0 walloping against the Oilers , and the general feeling was the season was lost . But it was n't .
Thanks to a coach who kept believing , a locker room that did n't crack and potential that finally became realized , those Chargers won 11 of their next 12 games , winning their division , advancing in the playoffs and building the greatest in-season turnaround in league history .
It 's a template no one in the NFL has been able to duplicate . And , it 's the only hope 0-4 teams such as the 2017 Chargers can cling to .
“ It 's the 25th anniversary . Sounds like a good time to change that , ” Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers said . “ You just start grasping for things to get fired up . ”
It 's quite a grasp at that . No team other than the 1992 Chargers has been able to turn an 0-4 start into a playoff berth . And no one on that team — not Ross , not the players — thought they could be the first .
The hope was to stay competitive , to win football games and to begin building a culture that could lead to wins down the road .
In a lot of ways , the '92 team 's season seemed like it was over before it began . Starting quarterback John Friesz injured his knee in the preseason and would miss the entire year . The team had to acquire a former sixth-round pick , Stan Humphries , who was backing up Mark Rypien in Washington .
And while he learned the offense , the team took plenty of lumps .
“ We get into the season , lose four straight and I 'm thinking , ‘ Boy , this is n't going too well . ' It was really … We were n't doing too well , ” Ross remembered . “ And , obviously , a lot of people were really upset . What I tried to do was , first of all , stay real positive . I really did . ”
But it was n't easy — especially when the team 's own play-by-play guy was getting his shots in .
On the Friday before the team 's game in Week 5 , Ross met with a group of Chargers ' fans — “ backers , ” he called them — for a weekly 10-minute chalk talk . But before he could begin , Lee “ Hacksaw ” Hamilton , the team 's play-by-play voice , gave him a memorable introduction .
“ Hacksaw introduced me as the director of the ‘ Laurel and Hardy Show . ' I probably had smoke coming out of my nose when it happened , ” Ross said . “ But I did n't let it rile me . I really tried to stay focused and move on . ”
That was his message to his team as well .
Center Courtney Hall , one of the locker room leaders , remembered how Ross would n't focus on the major errors that cost them big .
“ We all knew we lost , ” Hall said .
Instead , the focus would be on more minor details — incorrect fundamentals , a six-inch miss in lining up — all correctable errors . And he 'd surround those plays with highlights .
“ The way I did that was I would cut out good things in games and good things in practice . And then I tried to stress team unity and finish — full and complete effort , ” he said . “ I stressed them in a very positive way . If we had a fumble , I probably did n't show it .
Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now , though , he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn . Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now , though , he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn . SEE MORE VIDEOS
“ I felt like we could get on track . But I did n't know we could accomplish what we did . ”
The Chargers , two days after Ross ' “ Laurel and Hardy ” introduction , beat the Seattle Seahawks . After a bye , they won their next three games , winning in Indianapolis and at home against Denver and the Colts .
“ When we started 0-4 , the locker room did n't get divided . We were n't pointing fingers . It just seemed like we were n't getting the breaks . When you 're losing games , you do n't get the breaks . … The other games , we were right there , ” receiver Anthony Miller said . “ When we started turning it around , we were getting all the breaks . Everything was kind of just flowing our way . We just got on a roll . ”
Their record now at .500 , the Chargers were set to face Kansas City for a second time . As Ross walked into the locker room after the game , he saw the effects of an incredibly physical 16-14 loss where 250-pound running backs Marion Butts and Christian Okoye took turns crashing into the opposing defensive line .
The loss had snapped a four-game winning streak , but in the process , it told Ross that he had a special team on his hands — one that was maybe about to do something unprecedented . He saw the cuts and scrapes , the turf-stained uniforms and the exhaustion in his players .
It was the total effort he 'd been after .
“ I felt good because we really played hard . Kansas City , at that time , was a pretty darn good football team . … I thought the things that we were talking about and preaching about were starting to show . And I really think , to me , that was one of our big games , ” Ross said . “ I remember talking to them and telling them we 're going to be fine .
“ From that point on , we just won them all . ”
With Humphries now in full command of the offense , with Hall and the offensive line clearing a path for Butts , with Miller streaking down the field and with Junior Seau and Leslie O'Neal leading a dominant defense , the Chargers won their next seven games , setting up a rematch with the Chiefs in the AFC Wild Card game .
The defense held the Chiefs scoreless , and the Chargers scored 16 unanswered in the second half to put the team two wins away from the Super Bowl . But Miami and Dan Marino put an end to the run , beating them 31-0 .
Two years later , the team beat Pittsburgh to win the AFC title for the first — and only — time , sending them to the Super Bowl , where they lost to San Francisco .
“ I grew up in L.A. and went to Banning High School , and we were perennial L.A. City Champions , ” Hall said . “ From there , I went to Rice University , where my senior year we were 0-11 and then to the Chargers , where I 'm on an 0-4 team that goes to the playoffs and wins a playoff game , to being the only team in Chargers history to go to the Super Bowl .
Summerville police are investigating a shooting that has left one man injured .
Just before 9 p.m. officers responded to the parking lot of Movies 16 in Azalea Square for a report of a shooting .
One victim was discovered to have been shot and was transported to a hospital for treatment .
A suspect was located by officers and placed in custody .
This is a developing story . Check back for details .
Copyright 2018 WCSC . All rights reserved .
The day after National Security Advisor Michael Flynn announced his resignation from the post after less than a month , Press Secretary Sean Spicer explained what happened between Flynn and President Trump , and then urged Americans to look into the leaks coming out of the government and into why the Justice Department sat for so long on the information .
Security was heightened ahead of a verdict scheduled for Wednesday against godman Asaram in a rape case.On April 17 , the Rajasthan High Court ordered a Jodhpur trial court to deliver its verdict inside the jail premises.Jodhpur Police Commissioner Ashok Rathore said Section 144 had been enforced in the city . `` We are glad the court accepted our request to deliver the judgement from inside the jail premises , '' he added.The police are also seeking support from neighbouring states following reports that Asaram 's followers plan to arrive in Jodhpur on or before the verdict.Paramilitary forces will be deployed if required , he said.Asaram was arrested in 2013 after a minor girl from Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh had reported sexual assault by him in his ashram on the outskirts of Jodhpur.Thereafter , he was then brought from Indore and jailed in the Jodhpur Central jail . Several clashes have been reported between the police and his followers since then.Asaram can face a maximum of 10 years in jail if found guilty .
Published on Oct 5 , 2017
Alex Jones exposes the lies pushed by the mainstream media organizations to control the narrative of the Las Vegas shooting while independent media conducts true investigations .
CUTCHOGUE , N.Y. ( AP )  The New York State Liquor Authority has suspended the license of a Long Island winery where officials say drunken patrons have engaged in public sex , brawls and other rowdy behavior .
SLA officials on Thursday said Vineyard 48 in Cutchogue ( kuht-CHAWG ' ) had a `` disturbing record '' of repeatedly serving extremely intoxicated customers to the point where it strained local police services and caused `` havoc '' on neighbors .
The liquor license suspension comes after neighbors told police on Sept. 30 that two people were having sex on vineyard property in full view of the neighbor 's backyard . SLA officials say police had to return to the vineyard later that day to break up a fight that broke out among a drunk and disorderly group of 400 people .
The vineyard 's lawyer says the allegations are untrue and exaggerated .
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker , however Playback journalism takes time and funding ...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you .
Please , whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser .
Al and Woody from The Skid Factory are back with a new episode on the Bedford Van project . The goal is installed a turbocharged 4.0 L Barra inline-six and stronger ZF six-speed transmission into the van . In this episode the team cuts more of the floor and add extra strength to the engine mount supports and crossmember . They also install a new custom transmission mount and explain their plans on turbocharger location .
Source : MCMTV2
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
HOLLAND , Mich. ( AP ) — Former Republican Congressman Pete Hoekstra is the new U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands .
White House spokeswoman Vanessa Morrone says Hoekstra was sworn on Monday afternoon by Vice President Mike Pence .
Hoekstra was confirmed last month by the U.S. Senate . He previously served as chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and was the ranking Republican on the Committee until 2011 .
First elected to Congress in 1992 , Hoekstra was born in the Netherlands and moved to the U.S. with his family when he was 3 . He was an executive with Michigan-based office furniture maker Herman Miller and later ran unsuccessful campaigns for Michigan governor and U.S. Senate .
President Donald Trump nominated Hoekstra for the ambassador post earlier this year .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Popular actress Lakshmi Devi Kanakala passes away aged 78 , in Hyderabad
Popular actress Lakshmi Devi Kanakala , mother of actor Rajeev Kanakala , breathed her last at a private hospital in Hyderabad on the morning of 3 February 2018 , due to age-related ailments . Reports suggest that Lakshmi , aged 78 , has been suffering from multiple illnesses for the past two months .
Lakshmi is survived by her husband Devdas Kanakala , son Rajeev Kanakala , daughter Sri Lakshmi , daughter-in-law Suma , son-in-law Ramarao and grandchildren . She was running a film institute which trained some well-known talents in the Telugu film industry across generations , including actors like Megastar Chiranjeevi and Allari Naresh .
Taking to his Twitter page , Allari Naresh posted : `` She taught humility , she fed us during class and she generously taught her art to make me an artist . To be doing just what you taught me to do on the day you passed on is my salute to you . RIP my first guru Lakshmi Kanakala Garu , an irreplaceable loss . '' [ SIC ]
Lakshmi is known for her work in films such as Shoban Babu 's Prema Bandham where she played the role of Jayaprada 's mother and Vijay Shanthi 's Police Lock-up .
The Tollywood film fraternity has been registering their heartfelt condolences on their social media pages to the bereaved members of the Kanakala family .
Published Date : Feb 03 , 2018 18:31 PM | Updated Date : Feb 03 , 2018 18:31 PM
If only Blake Griffin had n't stepped on Lamar Odom 's foot . If only Donald Sterling had n't said the kinds of things Donald Sterling was fond of saying . If only Chris Paul had n't fumbled away a playoff game in Oklahoma City . If only Corey Brewer and Josh Smith did n't stun the Clippers when they were a quarter away from franchise history . If only Griffin did n't get into a fight with a team employee , if only he and Paul physically held up , if only the Clippers could have found joy in one another , in all the talent they amassed and all the winning they did .
A Myanmar border guard police officers stand guard in Buthidaung , northern Rakhine state , Myanmar on July 13 , 2017 . / Simon Lewis / ReutersBy Reuters 18 July 2017
YANGON — Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi 's security adviser told diplomats on Tuesday that a UN mission looking into allegations of rape , torture and killings of Rohingya Muslims would only “ aggravate ” troubles in the western state of Rakhine .
Myanmar has declined to grant visas to three experts appointed by the United Nations in May to look into allegations of abuses against the powerful armed forces .
Last week , the US ambassador to the United Nations in New York , Nikki Haley , called on Myanmar to accept the mission , which was mandated in a Human Rights Council resolution .
“ We dissociated ourselves from the decision because we found that it was less than constructive , ” said National Security Adviser Thaung Tun , speaking to UN officials and diplomats , including US Ambassador Scot Marciel .
The decision of other countries—including China and India—to join Myanmar in distancing themselves from the resolution was a “ principled stand , ” Thaung Tun said .
“ We feel that that mission can only aggravate the situation on the ground , ” he said .
The treatment of the roughly one million Muslim Rohingyas has emerged as majority Buddhist Myanmar 's most contentious rights issue as it makes a transition from decades of harsh military rule .
The Rohingya are denied citizenship and classified as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh , despite claiming roots in the region that go back centuries , with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence .
The government denounces the violence but has done little to improve the lot of the Rohingya .
The Burmese military has conducted a campaign of arson , killing and rape against ethnic Rohingya that has threatened the lives of thousands .
‘ Increasing Terrorist Activity '
The European Union proposed the investigation after the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said the army 's operation in the northern part of Rakhine State—where most people are Rohingyas—likely included crimes against humanity .
Troops fanned out to villages after Rohingya militants killed nine policemen in attacks on border posts in October . The operation sent an estimated 75,000 people across the nearby border to Bangladesh , where many gave accounts of abuses .
Reuters was among international media escorted to the area last week in a tour closely overseen by security forces .
Rohingya women told reporters of husbands and sons arbitrarily detained , and of killings and arson by security forces that broadly match the accounts from refugees in Bangladesh .
Myanmar has largely denied the accusations , and says most are fabricated .
Thaung Tun did not directly address the allegations , but said Myanmar had a “ clear right to defend the country by lawful means ” as it tackles “ increasing terrorist activities . ”
Officials say a domestic investigation , led by Vice President Myint Swe , a former lieutenant general , is sufficient .
A commission headed by former UN chief Kofi Annan is looking into the problems in Rakhine State , but is not tasked with investigating rights abuses .
Thaung Tun said the government had started implementing interim recommendations the panel proposed in March , which included shutting camps where more than 120,000 Rohingya have languished since communal violence five years ago .
Mumbai : The BJP-led NDA is comfortably placed for the 17 July presidential polls with a majority of votes on its side , Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has said .
No one can `` blackmail '' the ruling party ahead of the election , Fadnavis told reporters during an interaction on Wednesday .
He said the NDA at present had 54 percent of the total votes in its favour and suggested more parties were `` ready to cooperate '' with the BJP , taking the tally of votes to 65 percent .
However , the chief minister did not name the parties . The electoral college for the presidential polls is 11,04,546 votes .
Fadnavis made the remarks when asked about the Shiv Sena the BJP 's ally in the Centre and in the state government insisting on fielding RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat as the NDA 's nominee for the election . Bhagwat himself has rejected the proposal .
`` The UPA had only 37 percent votes when Pranab Mukherjee became president , whereas we already have more than 50 percent votes with us . So , there is no problem ( for the NDA ) and nobody can blackmail us '' , Fadnavis said without naming the Shiv Sena or any party .
In the previous presidential poll held in 2012 , Mukherjee had secured 7,13,763 votes as against 3,15,987 polled by his rival P A Sangma .
President Pranab Mukherjee completes his five-year tenure on July 25 .
The leaders of the Dominica Freedom Party ( DFP ) and the United Workers Party ( UWP ) have both welcomed the Peoples Party of Dominica ( P-POD ) into the island 's political arena .
DNO caught up with Lennox Linton of the UWP and the DFP 's Kent Vital at an Electoral Reform Symposium on Tuesday and questioned them on the announcement by P-POD 's leader , Sapphire Carrington , this week that the party will be contesting the next general election . Her announcement formally marked the entry into politics of a party that was largely confined to social media and the internet .
“ This party has been around for a little while , ” Vital said . “ They are only now announcing formally but they have had quite a media presence . I am aware of their existence and their activities and I have heard some of the utterances from the political leader and she seems to be a person that is very concerned about what is happening in Dominica , someone who is passionate about bringing change to our land . ”
He said based on this , he was welcoming P-POD .
“ Under our Constitution , it is the right of anyone to organize , to associate with a group in order to represent themselves for national elections , ” he stated . “ As a fundamental right , as a right , they have under our laws , we welcome them , that is democracy . ”
Vital said he hopes that P-POD does politics with the right attitude and the right approach , things that the DFP has been championing .
“ I hope for them , like the Freedom Party the foundation will be integrity because integrity is the most critical thing needed in Dominica at this point to take our country forward , ” he stated .
Linton said he also welcomed P-POD , saying that he hoped the party will be like the UWP which has been focusing on the “ rule of law and the harmonious development of all the people of the Commonwealth of Dominica . ”
“ I do n't know much about this party , I have heard the name but to the extent that it is a new entrant in into the fray , they are welcomed , ” he said .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Road closures during St Paul 's Carnival and the Bristol Grand Prix are likely to cause significant travel disruption this weekend .
Drivers and commuters heading into Bristol this weekend have been told to plan ahead in order to avoid delays .
St Paul 's Carnival is due to take place on Saturday ( July 7 ) , and a number of roads in the St Paul 's area are being closed from Friday ( July 6 ) until Sunday ( July 8 ) .
Also due to take place on the Sunday is the annual Bristol Grand Prix , an event which sees cycle racers tear around a circuit on closed roads in the city centre .
( Image : Bristol Post )
This year , the route will start at College Green , go via Park Street , down St George 's Road , back along Anchor Road and then past many of the city 's iconic ships in the Harbourside .
It will then head through Millennium Square before coming down Prince Street and around Queen Square .
After that it will head down Baldwin Street and loop around St Augustine 's Parade before eventually finishing back at the Race Village in College Green .
In addition to the road closures , there will be no trains running between Bristol Temple Meads Lawrence Hill , Stapleton Road , Filton Abbey Wood , Bristol Parkway , Montpelier , Redland , Clifton Down , Sea Mills , Shirehampton , Avonmouth , St Andrews Road and Severn Beach due to maintenance work over the weekend .
( Image : Bristol Post )
Buses will replace trains to all stations that weekend and tickets will be accepted on some local service buses , but these are expected to be busy .
Train services will continue to operate into Bristol Temple Meads from London Paddington , Cardiff Central and Birmingham New Street .
A special park and ride service will also be running from the Portway to the Brightside Cricket Ground ( formerly known as Gloucestershire County Cricket Ground ) for the England Vs India T20 cricket match on Sunday ( July 8 ) .
In a statement , Bristol City Council said : “ Anyone planning a journey this weekend is advised to plan ahead and avoid travelling through the centre wherever possible .
( Image : Bristol Post )
“ The TravelWest website is kept up to date with all road closures and travel information for the West of England .
“ Residents are encouraged to use their journey planner to work out the best route of travel on the day to avoid disruptions . ”
Golf results from The Gully , July 2
First place : Tom Bridge/Jim Dulude 66
Second place : Ryan Waite/Jerry Clark 67
Third place : Jeff Shields/Chris Sicklucki 68
Closest to the pin : Dennis Lamblin ( No . 6 ) , Dan Fisk ( No . 7 )
Skins : Tom Bridge 2 , Dan Fisk , Ryan Waite , Chris Sicklucki
Low rounds : Tom Bridge 27 , Ryan Waite 30 , Al Ahrens 32
Coronation Street Episode Guide – Monday 24th April .
​SPOILER ALERT !
Amy confides in Tracy that she hates Ken as he refused to lend her the money to buy the florists , Tracy 's further troubled that Amy attacked Ken . Adam tells the police he was in no.1 briefly on the night of Ken 's assault as he called to collect some money Amy had left for him . The police follow this up with Amy but she denies all knowledge . Sure she 's lying , Tracy searches Amy 's bedroom , what will she find ?
Sick with worry , Sarah and Gary resolve to have it out with Nathan . As Nathan 's mates gather in his flat for a party , Neil watches Bethany admiringly . Sarah and Gary call downstairs at the tanning salon and order Bethany to come home , will she comply ?
Peter tells Toyah they should put the IVF on hold until he 's cleared his name over Ken 's attack . Upset Toyah promises to phone the clinic .
Dev and Aidan go head to head recruiting opposing teams for the pub quiz . Billy 's ex Drew pays him a visit with Billy 's goddaughter Summer . When Drew announces they 're moving to Weatherfield , Todd 's put out .
Convinced that Adam was his assailant Ken builds bridges with the rest of the Barlows . The police interview Adam again , telling him that Amy denied all knowledge of the money , Adam 's fuming and points the finger at Tracy . Tracy suspects Amy tried to kill Ken .
Nathan insists that Bethany should stay away from Gary , claiming he 's clearly a dangerous man , Bethany hangs on his every word . Meanwhile at her wit 's end , Sarah resolves to try and make Bethany see what a creep Nathan is . Nathan confides in Mel that it 's time to take the next step with Bethany .
Toyah admits to Leanne that she went behind Peter 's back and had the embryos implanted as planned . Billy 's amused to realise that Todd is jealous of Drew . Dev and Aidan square up to each other for the Rovers ' quiz . Brian and Cathy grow closer.​​​​​​
London : Alastair Cook has revealed England 's players were `` curious '' about Australia potentially engaging in ball-tampering during the recent Ashes series .
Steve Smith , David Warner and Cameron Bancroft were hit with long suspensions by Cricket Australia after they plotted to use sandpaper on the ball in their third Test with South Africa last month .
The shamed trio claimed that was their first instance of ball-tampering .
But the spotlight has now been put on the Ashes , with television footage since emerging of Bancroft putting sugar in his pocket .
Australia 's consistent ability to get reverse swing had England 's bowlers scratching their heads during their 4-0 series defeat .
Cook was part of the England side and he admitted on Tuesday that there were questions among his squad about the third Test in Perth .
Asked at a Chance to Shine event in Tunbridge Wells whether England suspected Australia of ball-tampering during the Ashes , he said : `` Yes a little bit , certainly in Perth when the outfield was wet with rain they got the ball reversing .
`` I did n't see anything . We have been pretty good at managing the ball to see if we can get it to reverse swing but then there 's the thing with the quicker you bowl the ball it reverses swings more .
`` That was the thing in 2005 , we had Simon Jones and Freddie ( Andrew Flintoff ) who were quicker than the Australian bowlers .
`` We have to be very careful , we were curious at certain moments but then we could n't get the ball up to 90mph where they consistently could . ''
Australia 's actions in Cape Town were widely criticised , with Smith and Warner both receiving year-long suspensions .
Cook insisted that should be a timely reminder for the game to be played in the right way .
`` It 's not for me to comment on punishment , but the whole thing is a reminder that people want to see , '' he said .
`` It 's the same with cycling , that whoever is playing that people play in a fair way . If you try your hardest and there 's no external things that you win or lose that way .
`` It 's amazing the public outcry for that .
`` Sometimes with the pressure of playing , and it is so important to you and it 's your livelihood , sometimes winning or losing can overtake things .
`` It 's wrong for everyone to sit in the cold light of day and criticise because people do make mistakes . ''
The Melfort Seniors ' Place was the place to be on Thursday , April 19 as they hosted a Fun Day . The event is more of a social function and they invited other clubs from outlying areas to have a day of fun and games .
“ Spalding and Naicam are here . It 's just an all day thing that we play games . Each club has their own itineraries as far as games , we do Table Shuffleboard and Whist , Naicam does something else and Spalding does something else , ” Shirley Toole of the Seniors ' Place said .
They play the games all day with a break for dinner . There is also a 50/50 draw , silent auctions and a grocery hamper draw .
She added that it was also a nice way to keep seniors active in the community .
“ And it is a good inter-relationship with other clubs , ” she explained .
They travel to each other 's Fun Day and it is a chance to get to know other seniors in the area .
“ Some of them went to Spalding last week and a bunch of us are going to Naicam next week . Just about every club has their version of it , it just depends on who is available to go for distances , ” Toole said .
Toole explained that it was a bit of a fundraiser too because they have their own hall unlike some other clubs .
Honda MotoGP rider Marc Marquez of Spain celebrates after winning the Japanese Grand Prix and secured his third MotoGP championship in four years at the Twin Ring Motegi circuit in Motegi , Japan , October 16 , 2016 in this photo released by Kyodo . Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
( Reuters ) - Honda 's Marc Marquez recorded his third consecutive pole of the season after setting the fastest time in qualifying at the Austrian Grand Prix on Saturday .
Spaniard Marquez topped the session with a flying lap of one minute 23.235 seconds at the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg ahead of the factory Ducatis of Andrea Dovizioso and Jorge Lorenzo , who completed the front row .
Yamaha 's Maverick Vinales produced a late recovery to climb up to fourth on the grid , with Ducati 's Danilo Petrucci rounding out the top five .
Johann Zarco finished sixth on his Tech3 Yamaha followed by Valentino Rossi , who has struggled with flu heading into the weekend .
Last year 's winner Andrea Iannone will start 10th on the grid after finishing almost a second off the pace on his Suzuki .
Defending world champion Marquez leads the championship standings on 154 points , 14 ahead of second-placed Vinales and 21 ahead of Dovizioso .
`` If I do get it there in the air , it wo n't be pretty , let 's put it that way , '' Gibson said of his first pitch . `` You 've got to do it . You get out there in honor of what 's going on . … because it brings back things that have been printed in my mind about what it was like when I had the opportunity to play for them . It 's a real cool thing . ''
The National Weather Service in Portland has issued a High Wind Warning , which will be in effect from 7:00 p.m. Wednesday until 8:00 a.m. Thursday morning . South winds of 35 to 45 mph with gusts to 75 mph are forecast for the beaches and headlands . Coastal communities will see winds of 25-35 mph with gusts to 65 mph . Winds will increase Wednesday evening into Thursday morning . The winds may be strong enough to damage trees and cause power interruptions .
Coastal Communities are under a High Wind Warning .
Seas will be up to 26 feet on Wednesday . Wednesday Afternoon wind gusts up to 75mph .
Precautionary/Preparedness Actions :
A high wind warning means a hazardous high wind event is expected or occurring . Headland areas and beaches are vulnerable to very strong wind gusts that may pose a safety hazard for individuals . Extreme caution should be taken by clam diggers and others using the beaches . Never turn your back to the ocean . Sustained wind speeds of at least 40 mph or gusts of 58 mph or more can lead to property damage . Trees may fall across roadways with little warning .
Please visit the NWS website at http : //www.weather.gov/portland for the most up to date weather information . This page brings up all advisories , watches , and warnings for the Southwest Washington area .
Comments
DAVIS , Calif. ( AP )  Authorities say a 30-year-old woman is being charged with hate crimes after police say she broke windows and left bacon at a Northern California mosque .
The Sacramento Bee reports ( http : //bit.ly/2leLQOa ) that the Yolo County District Attorney 's Office announced the arrest of Lauren Kirk-Coehlo of Davis on Tuesday .
She is charged in the vandalism of the Davis Islamic Center last month . The vandal broke six windows and two bicycles and put bacon strips on door handles .
Muslims are prohibited from eating pork products .
Advertisement
Earlier this month in the region , Roseville 's Tarbiya Institute was spray-painted with obscene and racist slurs , including `` Muslim out . '' The two communities are about 34 miles apart .
Roseville police say that also is being investigated as a hate crime , though there is no sign the two incidents are related .
Since it 's Valentine 's Day , Disney thought it would be the perfect time to unveil the first clip from their new live action version of the `` tale as old as time , '' Beauty and the Beast . Luke Evans appeared on ABC 's Good Morning America earlier , where he introduced a sneak peek video from this highly-anticipated romance , hitting theaters March 17 . While the clip is n't terribly long , it does give us our first look at both Luke Evans ' character Gaston and Josh Gad 's Le Fou , and we also have videos from Luke Evans ' live Twitter Q & A this morning , plus a new TV spot and a portion of Josh Groban 's song `` Evermore '' from the film .
The clip is part of a five-minute segment that was posted on the Good Morning America YouTube , with the clip coming at the 2:43 mark . The clip in question gives fans a brief glimpse at the iconic `` Gaston '' song , with LeFou leading a tavern full of men and women in rousing chorus , praising Luke Evans ' character . In the original animated classic , LeFou sings this song to cheer Gaston up , after Belle rejects him . While we only get a small glimpse of this song , it does seem quite faithful to the original animated classic .
After his appearance on Good Morning America , Luke Evans held a live Twitter Q & A session for fans , where he sent out videos answering questions from those who used the # AskLukeEvans hashtag on Twitter . We have also included a tweet from the official Beauty and the Beast Twitter . For those who `` favorite '' the tweet , you 'll be sent a special Valentine 's Day message from the cast of Beauty and the Beast . With just over one month left until Disney 's live-action romance hits theaters , anticipation is ramping up . Disney recently announced a number of special events to take place nationwide on opening night .
Last month , Disney announced it is setting up special opening night events in over 600 theaters across the country . AMC , Regal , Cinemark , Marcus and Wehrenberg are participating , as is the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood , and each theater circuit will be offering special concession stand promotions and commemorative give-away 's celebrating the film and the event . The story and characters audiences know and love to come to spectacular life in the live-action adaptation of Disney 's animated classic Beauty and the Beast , a stunning , cinematic event celebrating one of the most beloved tales ever told . Beauty and the Beast is the fantastic journey of Belle , a bright , beautiful and independent young woman who is taken prisoner by a Beast in his castle . Despite her fears , she befriends the castle 's enchanted staff and learns to look beyond the Beast 's hideous exterior and realize the kind heart of the true Prince within .
The film stars Emma Watson as Belle , Dan Stevens as the Beast , Luke Evans as Gaston , the handsome , but shallow villager who woos Belle , Kevin Kline as Maurice , Belle 's father , Josh Gad as LeFou , Gaston 's long-suffering aide-de-camp , Ewan McGregor as Lumière , the candelabra , Stanley Tucci as Maestro Cadenza , the harpsichord , Audra McDonald as Madame de Garderobe , the wardrobe , Gugu Mbatha-Raw as Plumette , the feather duster , Hattie Morahan as the enchantress and Nathan Mack as Chip , the teacup . The cast is rounded out by Ian McKellen as Cogsworth , the mantel clock and Emma Thompson as the teapot , Mrs. Potts . Take a look at this clip from Beauty and the Beast , which comes at the 2:43 mark of the video below , along with all of the Twitter videos from Luke Evans ' Q & A session , the TV spot and soundtrack excerpt below .
Got some burning questions about Gaston ? Maybe you want a # Valentines message ? I 'll be LIVE on Twitter for a Q & A . # AskLukeEvanspic.twitter.com/X4acylwvY1 — Luke Evans ( @ TheRealLukevans ) February 14 , 2017
# asklukeevans that wraps up this Q+A session ! Be sure to watch Beauty and the Beast @ beourguest coming out March 17th . pic.twitter.com/sjSZiWKxLy — Luke Evans ( @ TheRealLukevans ) February 14 , 2017
Like this tweet to get a special # BeOurValentine message from a cast member of # BeautyAndTheBeast ! ❤️🌹❤️ # BeOurGuest on March 17. pic.twitter.com/eDju89daqB — Beauty and the Beast ( @ beourguest ) February 14 , 2017
Make no mistake , the bulk of those efforts comes from the right . At the University of North Carolina , for example , the politically appointed Board of Governors last year banned litigation by the law school 's Center for Civil Rights , which had a tradition of bringing lawsuits on behalf of low-income minority communities—think of it as teaching students well by doing good . The board fired the center 's director , who was described by one board member as “ a political hack who has abused university resources for years to further his liberal political agenda . ”
Karachi - As Pakistan celebrated 70th Independence Day yesterday , an Indian music group gave it a beautiful birthday present by singing the Pakistani national anthem . Indian A cappella Band Voxchord has sung the anthem as a gift for Pakistan 's national day . The video begins with a heart-felt message reading , ‘ This is our way of wishing you , Happy Birthday Pakistan . '
The members of the group join by holding placards which read , ‘ This Independence Day , we 'd like to dedicate a song to our neighbours . A song about faith , pride and grandeur , of power , progress and perfection . ' The Indian band 's version of the Pakistani national anthem has earned much praise while some have stated that it is better than Coke Studio 's rendition . It should be noted that Pakistan and India are at loggerheads since the partition in 1947 and disputes have led to full-scale wars between the two nuclear-powered countries . The Twitter users in Pakistan have lauded the gesture of the Indian band in their posts .
This 1973 Datsun 240Z was built by Fever Racing in Tampa , Florida made its debut at SEMA 2017 . They started by replacing the 2.4 L L24 inline-six with a 3.7 L VQ37VHR V6 thanks to McKinney Motorsports VQ35 swap kit . The team expects the built V6 to produce 1,000+ horsepower at 8,000+ rpm thanks to a two Garrett GTX3071R turbochargers . Behind the engine sits a Spec P-trim twin-plate clutch and 370Z six-speed manual transmission . The coupe rides on a set of Tein Flex Z adjustable coilovers and Nissan S13 240SX independent rear suspension with SPL Parts titanium adjustable control arms . The team swapped the factory brakes for AP Racing six-piston calipers on 14-inch rotors in front and AP Racing four-piston calipers with 13-inch rotors in the rear . To see more photos and how they built the car please visit the project 's FB page .
Source : Fever Racing FB page and VQ37 Twinturbo 240Z FB page
8:36 a.m .
CNN VAN
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform .
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday . Details were still developing .
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries .
There was no immediate word of any other injuries .
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
8:25 a.m .
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square .
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal .
It 's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal .
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution .
There were no immediate reports of injuries .
CrimeStoppers and the Honolulu Police Department are seeking the public 's assistance in locating a man suspected of robbing the First Hawaiian Bank on Kapahulu Avenue .
It happened on Friday , Jan. 2 , at around 9:25 a.m .
According to police , the suspect entered the bank , approached a teller , and demanded money . Police say he fled after he got the money .
The man is described to be in his 30s , 6-foot-1 , around 200 pounds with a medium build and dark hair .
He was wearing a yellow poncho , black long-sleeved shirt , khaki pants , black sunglasses , black gloves , and a white surgical mask .
Anyone with information is asked to call CrimeStoppers at 955-8300 or submit an anonymous tip online here .
CrimeStoppers will pay a cash reward of up to $ 1,000 for information that leads to the arrest of a suspect .
Toggle between tabs for live scores and ball-by-ball commentary
Report , Day 3 : Sri Lanka reached 504-3 at stumps on the third day of the first Test against Bangladesh at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium in Chittagong on Friday .
Kusal Mendis scored 196 runs while Dhananjaya de Silva made 173 runs as Sri Lanka cut the deficit to just nine runs in reply to Bangladesh 's first inning total of 513 .
Roshen Silva was unbeaten on 87 alongside skipper Dinesh Chandimal , 37 not out , at the end of the third day 's play .
Taijul Islam , Mustafizur Rahman and Mehidy Hasan grabbed a wicket each for Bangladesh .
With inputs from AFP
Click here to follow live ICC Under-19 World Cup Finals between India and Australia
Cebu Pacific flew 19.1 million passengers in 2016 , an increase of 4 % from the 18.4 million passengers flown in 2015 .
On average , flights were 86 % full during the year . Growth in passenger volume was largely driven by the airline 's low-cost short-haul services , and increased frequencies in key domestic markets . Specifically , the former recorded a 9.3 % growth compared to 2015 , while the latter reflected a 2.6 % increase .
“ On 27 December 2016 , the Cebu Pacific Air Group carried a total of 64,684 passengers - the highest number of travellers we have ever flown in one day . This surpasses our prior record of 62,947 passengers flown on 3 January 2016 , translating to 1,737 additional passengers , ” said Atty . JR Mantaring , CEB Vice President for Corporate Affairs . “ This significant increase in number only shows our firm commitment in trafficking trade and tourism in all the destinations we operate in , while at the same time enabling everyone to connect with their families and friends all around the world . ”
Cebu Pacific posted notable passenger growth in international destinations such as Beijing Shanghai and Xiamen in China , Taiwan ( Taipei ) and Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam . In the Philippines , domestic traffic increased in Cauayan , Siargao and Ozamiz .
Cebu Pacific currently offers flights to a total of 37 domestic and 29 international destinations , operating an extensive network across Asia , Australia , the Middle East , and USA .
See other recent news regarding : : Cebu Pacific , Traffic , Philippines .
“ Hopefully as a district we can work together to make that transition easier for the kids one school to another , ” said Julie Sullivan .
Benzie Central parents are looking toward the future after a difficult school board decision on Monday night .
School board members unanimously approved Superintendent Matt Olson 's recommendation to consolidate two of their elementary schools .
Platte River Students will move to Crystal Lake Elementary and the Platte River Elementary building will be repurposed .
Benzie Central faces a $ 300,000 budget deficit and closing Platte River could save the district almost $ 250,000 .
It 's a plan that parents and the community have been discussing with the school board , who made their decision on Monday night .
“ We will be pulling our kids out of the school . I will definitely be pulling my kids out of the school , ” said Belinda Keyes and Bridget Suchorski .
The auditorium at Benzie Central Middle School was filled with mixed emotions after the school board made the difficult decision to merge two of their schools .
`` It was a very , very tough decision for the whole board as you well heard . It 's nice to have it behind us simply because now we can move forward for the future of Benzie Central Schools , '' said Doug Taylor , president of the Benzie County School Board .
Several meetings and countless hours of research went into making the decision . Board members believe it 's the best route to close the gap on their budget deficit .
“ I 'm sorry they 're upset and it was a difficult thing to do but ultimately the board felt looking at all the parameters that we had to deal with , that this was the best decision for our school district and for the children of our school district , '' said Taylor .
Not having enough space for more kids , students ' safety , and the condition of Crystal Lake Elementary are just a few of the concerns parents had .
“ It was perfect for 150 kids , next fall it 's going to be 300 or more . That 's not going to be so perfect , ” said Keyes . “ And I just do n't understand how they are going to get all those little kids , to get in there , and eat lunch , in that little crowded place . ”
The superintendent will now begin putting a plan together for the consolidation for the 2017-2018 school year .
Keanu Reeves stars in a new Squarespace commercial for Super Bowl 2018 that features the actor continuing his reputation as one of Hollywood 's leading action stars .
Related : Chris Pratt Is Shirtless & Slinging Beer in First Super Bowl Commercial
The ad is called 'Make It Happen ' and it is one of many commercials in a series for Squarespace . Keanu Reeves is seen standing up on a motorcycle that is speeding down a desert highway .
While standing on the speeding motorcycle , Keanu Reeves is reciting lyrics to Will Powers ' 1983 hit song `` Adventures in Success . ''
The commercial sets up a link to Reeves ' motorcycle company Arch Motorcycles . The actor paired with Squarespace to build the website for his company .
In addition to the action that Keanu Reeves is best-known for , the Super Bowl commercial also highlights the actor 's comedic sensibilities .
The Cambridge boffin behind mass slurp of Facebook users ' information has said the social network is in “ PR crisis mode ” - as Cambridge Analytica has enacted a crisis management of its own .
In a hearing in the UK 's parliament , Aleksandr Kogan was grilled on his work with Facebook user data - which began as a research project in collaboration with Zuck & Co , and resulted in him developing the app at the heart of the latest scandal .
Kogan told the UK 's Digital , Culture , Media and Sport Committee that initially he had been handed aggregate data on users by Facebook , as part of work to assess global friendships and emotional expression .
His part in the research led him to conversations with CA 's parent company , SCL , he said . The biz then encouraged him to set up his own firm , GSR , that it contracted to collect and analyse Facebook user data .
In contrast to Chris Wylie - the so-called whistleblower whose allegations renewed the controversy over microtargeting and the amount of data Facebook collects on users - Kogan came across as a much more calm , and far less over-the-top witness .
'Professor of semantics '
One of the few times he seemed really flustered was when he was asked whether he thought he had broken the terms and conditions Facebook sets for developers .
Facebook confirms Cambridge Analytica stole its data ; it 's a plot , claims former director READ MORE
Facebook has chosen to focus on the idea that Kogan was a rogue dev in a bid to distract from the fact that its own policy at the time allowed apps to suck up not just users ' information , but also that of their friends . Facebook 's argument is that the policy did not allow Kogan to pass that data on to third parties .
But Kogan told the committee that Facebook 's policy was incoherent .
“ I do not think they have a developer policy that is valid , ” he said , adding - somewhat incoherently himself . “ For you to break a policy it has to exist… the reality is that Facebook 's policy is unlikely to be their policy . ”
When pressed on this baffling statement - and whether he accepted that he had broken the terms as “ laid down in black and white ” - Kogan said he agreed his actions “ were inconsistent with the language of the document ” , but that this was “ slightly different ” .
To which MP Paul Farrelly remarked that Kogan “ should be a professor of semantics ” .
However , committee chairman Damian Collins did point out a possible inconsistency in Facebook 's stance . While it has condemned Kogan 's work as “ a scam and a fraud , ” Facebook has kept schtum about its feelings towards GSR 's co-founder , Joseph Chancellor - who just happens to now be in the employ of the Zuckerborg .
“ I do n't think it 's odd , ” Kogan said when asked . “ Because in my view , Facebook 's comments are PR crisis mode… I do n't believe they actually think these things .
“ I think they realise that their platform has been mined left and right by many others , and I was just the unlucky person that ended up somehow linked to the Trump campaign , and we are where we are . ”
Kogan claimed , “ PR is PR ” , and that “ it 's convenient to point the finger at a single entity and try to paint the picture this is a rogue agent ” .
This is fine !
Meanwhile , the PR wheels were also spinning at Cambridge Anal. , as the company hired in crisis management guru Clarence Mitchell to try and counter the - as the firm would have it - false allegations flying around .
Mitchell - who has a reputation for dealing with tough gigs - held a press conference on Tuesday , ostensibly to “ launch ” the so-called Cambridge Facts website that it pushed out a few weeks ago .
During the briefing , Mitchell pointed the finger at everyone but the firm that was paying him . The biz had obtained the data “ in good faith ” from Kogan , he said , while Chris Wylie was nothing but a former employee and one-time competitor with a grievance .
Deflecting questions about the future of suspended CEO Alexander Nix - who was caught on camera apparently trying to entice prospective clients with honey traps , bribes and more - Mitchell said that the rest of the company was “ horrified ” by what they saw .
He was also forced to fall back on the argument - also put forward by Kogan - that the GSR data CA forked out many thousands of dollars for was “ virtually useless ” , with the personality matches being only slightly better than a random guess . He also emphasised that it only worked with Trump for five months , and that its pitches to work with any of the Brexit campaigns were unsuccessful .
However , when The Reg asked what future the company had in reality - given it was now hiring in a crisis PR man to hold a press conference touting its failed bids and useless data , in lieu of an absent and disgraced CEO - Mitchell denied staff might be thinking of moving on .
“ As I understand it , there have been very few departures , and everybody that 's working there is committed ; actually morale is pretty good now , ” he said . “ I do n't expect there to be any mass outflow , if that 's what you 're suggesting . ”
He declined to put a figure on the number of staff who had bailed - but added that the future of the company was “ ultimately down to the board ” .
Mitchell also took the opportunity to criticise the approach taken by the Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham when she publicly announced her office 's decision to take out a warrant on the CA premises .
“ We would have been willing to help , ” he said .
“ If they 'd have said , we 'll come in in reasonable office hours , they [ CA staff ] would have helped them… That was n't the case , she chose to go down the warrant route , she chose to send her team in the way she did . One can only wonder about the need for that , the visuals of it , given the intense publicity at the time . ”
El Reg pointed out that the company had ignored a request to comply with a demand for access issued almost two weeks before the warrant was served - not to mention putting up a pretty good fight to prevent the ICO getting access - but Mitchell was having none of it .
“ The company management are more than happy to deal with , and support , the ICO , ” he insisted .
Remind us again of that phrase about no such thing as bad publicity ? ®
Sponsored : Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
New Delhi : More than 34 years after coming into existence , the Sports Authority of India ( SAI ) is set to be renamed as Sports India , Union Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore announced after the sports body 's governing body meeting .
`` Sports Authority of India is being renamed . The word authority is being removed . It will be known as Sports India now , '' Rathore said after the meeting even as the press release issued by SAI had no mention of the change in name being approved .
The sports body , established in 1984 , organised its 50th GB meeting , where it was also decided that coaches will be given a say in decision making and the food expenses of athletes will also be increased .
The governing body also advised SAI to bring in reputed companies in the hospitality sector to manage the residential and food facilities under the SAI Residential Scheme .
`` It was emphasised that the highest quality of food and nutrition which is appropriate to the development of athletes at various levels should be ensured and there should be zero compromise on this issue , '' said the release .
Recently , the Indian men 's hockey coach Harendra Singh had highlighted the shockingly low level of hygiene at SAI 's Bengaluru centre , where the quality of food and standard of living came under the scanner .
SAI will explore options for entering into public private partnership with appropriate agencies , including global agencies to develop the stadia , utilize the extra land which is currently not being used by the athletes , so that new facilities are created for sports which are accessible to the general public .
In order to develop infrastructure of global standards at the best possible price , SAI will develop its procurement system keeping in mind the rules of the GFR , so that higher standards of infrastructure are developed and maintained .
The governing body decided that the engineering wing in SAI would be strengthened to undertake this activity .
The governing body also advised the SAI to encourage entry of professionals at various levels to manage critical activities for better accountability and efficient functioning .
The Secretariat for the Target Olympic Podium Scheme ( TOPS ) was also approved to provide support to the Mission Olympic Cell .
Jim Benning was stopped in his tracks while shopping recently .
The topic was as obvious as the hype — Elias Pettersson .
“ I was at Save-On-Foods and a fan came up to me and reminded me that when Wayne Gretzky started out , he was 165 pounds , ” said the Vancouver Canucks general manager . “ I 'm not worried about that . ”
He should be somewhat worried that a frenetic fan base is already mentioning the dominant 170-pound Swedish Hockey League wunderkind in the same breath as one of the game 's greats .
As for the weight , consider this : Pettersson 's brother , Emil , is a 24-year-old centre with the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League . He is also 6-foot-2 , but is up to 185 pounds . So even the bloodlines are encouraging .
When you factor what the younger Pettersson accomplished in his mind-boggling rookie Swedish Hockey League campaign — regular season and playoff scoring titles and most valuable postseason performer while leading Vaxjo Lakers to a championship-series sweep — it 's hard to pump the brakes on what could be a speedy transition to the National Hockey League next fall .
You ca n't teach what the 19-year-old kid can create and complete on any given shift . The video evidence is compelling and encouraging .
“ When we drafted him , we knew from a skills standpoint and his hockey sense — the anticipation and vision that go into the way the game is played today — that he could develop into a special player , ” added Benning .
“ We have to make sure we temper expectations because the pro game at the NHL level is different . But the things he can do , he 's very good at . ”
Pettersson played right wing in the SHL and will do the same with the Canucks as a third-liner before moving to the middle . That should help make the adjustment to the smaller North American ice surface more manageable . However , without as much time and space as European surfaces , Pettersson is going to be challenged by bigger , stronger and faster players .
In the interim , the Canucks want to add a veteran centre on a short contract to help insulate Pettersson . He might need a year or two to adjust , or maybe he just picks up where he left off in the SHL .
“ Who knows ? , ” asked Benning . “ Maybe he comes in like ( Mathew ) Barzal and kind of takes the league by storm . Maybe he can do that for us , but we 'll have to see how he adapts .
“ He has good balance and uses leverage to hang on to the puck for that extra second to see the ice open up . And the release on his shot — I do n't know if it 's like Brock Boeser 's or if it 's at the same level ( velocity and accuracy ) — but it 's pretty close . ”
Benning will get a better read on that release at the world championship tournament that opens May 4 in Denmark . What he already knows is what we all know about the intriguing Pettersson .
The fifth-overall pick in the 2017 draft had four game-winning goals in a final series sweep of Skellefteå AIK . He established under-20 records for 56 points ( 24-32 ) in 44 regular-season games and averaged 1.273 points per game . In the playoffs , he had a record 19 points ( 10-9 ) in 13 games and averaged 1.462 points per outing .
If you want some telling context , Pettersson also surpassed the U20 regular season and playoff production of Henrik and Daniel Sedin . His 75 combined points ( 34-41 ) in 57 games topped Henrik , who had 61 points ( 14-47 ) in 63 games in 1999-2000 , and Daniel , who managed 56 points ( 24-32 ) over 63 games in the same season .
The manner in which Pettersson can come off the wall , dangle through the high slot and work his way right down to the goalline to finish off a foray has the Canucks salivating . Imagine what another 15 pounds of muscle will do for his determination and dominance — even though he 's going to be a target — because you do n't have to look far for a comparison .
David Pastrnak was 168 pounds when the Boston Bruins drafted the right winger 25th overall in the 2014 draft . Today , he 's 190 pounds and strong and fast and intimidating .
“ We have to understand we have a special talent in Pettersson and we have to develop him properly , ” cautioned Benning . “ But he is a little deceiving . When he has the puck , you do n't know if his legs are going one way or if his arms are going another . For a defenceman , he 's hard to get a bead on . ”
That 's what Gretzky did . He was slight and slippery and spun away from trouble . If Pettersson can do fraction of that in his next step on the pro ladder — especially when he becomes a middle man — then we should n't put limits on what could be .
“ At some point , he 'll be playing centre because the puck will run through him , ” said Benning . “ He 'll have more touches , and even though he has that good release and can get through people , he 'll make others around him better . ”
He did that at wing at age 19 against grown men in the top Swedish league .
“ To win playoff MVP , that is something special , ” summed up Benning .
OVERTIME — Michael DiPietro , a 2017 third-round Canucks draft choice , has been added to Team Canada for the world championship as the No . 3 stopper . He was 29-21-1 this season for the OHL Windsor Spitfires with a 2.79 goals-against average and .910 saves percentage . He was 2-4 in the playoffs with a 2.81 GAA and .934 percentage .
bkuzma @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/benkuzma
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
On Saturday , the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender ( LGBT ) Pride in the Irish capital Dublin attracted a record number of people . According to the organisers of the Pride , about 60 thousand people attended the event , almost double the number of attendees in last year 's Pride .
For the first time , members of the Defence Forces attended the annual rally in their military uniforms , The Independent reported . The Defence Forces were led by Vice-Admiral Mark Mellett . This year 's theme was “ We Are Family ” . Buildings were decorated in the colours of the rainbow on the eve of the 25th anniversary of the Dublin Pride .
According to reports , ex-president Mary McAleese and children 's minister Katherine Zappone had attended the Pride . “ Happy Pride everyone ! Have a great day celebrating equality , inclusiveness and love ” , Health Minister Simon Harris tweeted .
Homosexuality was decriminalised in the Irish Republic 25 years ago in 1993 , and the marriage of same-sex couples was legalised in November 2015 after a nation-wide referendum . On June 19 , Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar , who is the country 's first openly-gay Taoiseach addressed the Dáil saying , “ Today the people I want to pay a special tribute to are the unknown heroes , the thousands of people whose names we do not know , who were criminalised by our forbears ” .
Same-sex marriage is illegal in the neighbouring country of Northern Ireland . Mary Lou McDonald , leader of the Sinn Féin political party said , “ We stand in solidarity to those in the North who are still struggling to have their families recognised in the most basic of ways – marriage equality ” . She added , saying , “ The people here , the people of pride are an unstoppable force . Rights are for all . Equality is for all . Change is coming and make no mistake the North is next . ”
Source : wikinews.org
Wikinews
The Newport Beach City Council passed a roughly $ 307-million budget for the 2017-18 fiscal year Tuesday .
The $ 306.9-million overall budget includes $ 166.2 million toward salaries and benefits , $ 96 million toward maintenance and operations , $ 33.9 million toward capital outlay and improvements and $ 10.8 million toward debt service . The fiscal year starts July 1 .
Councilwoman Diane Dixon , who also chairs the city finance committee , said the group , which is a mix of council members and citizens , engaged in rigorous debate while helping craft the budget .
“ I believe that the community can take great pride in this fiscally responsible , forward-looking budget and the committee 's overall work effort , ” she said .
The spending plan puts an additional $ 9.1 million toward paying down Newport 's unfunded pension liability and a $ 6 million infusion into the harbor and beaches capital fund , its largest boost yet for infrastructure projects along the water . The harbor and beaches boost comes from surplus funds .
Harbor operation costs will also look different than in previous years . The overall $ 2.4 million for staff and programming reallocates money now that mooring management has moved in-house , but costs will see no net increase next year with the shift , said City Manager Dave Kiff . Mooring management was formerly a contracted service with the Orange County Sheriff 's Office Harbor Patrol .
Councilman Will O'Neill , who also sits on the finance committee , said the significant focus on areas like pensions and the harbor show the leadership of council members .
“ The priorities that have been laid out by this council from the moment we were all elected , and even before then , they 're in this budget , ” he said .
Kiff removed a suggested $ 35,000 allotment to the Balboa Island Museum and Historical Society to address a potential conflict of interest with Councilman Jeff Herdman , who sits on the historical society 's board of directors . The city has previously given the society funds for its operations .
Dixon said she is generally supportive of the historical society but thinks such funding of local nonprofits should be decided through the city 's separate grant application process done in the fall .
Contracts awarded
The council awarded two big-ticket construction and infrastructure contracts .
The Newport Heights neighborhood is getting refreshed alleys and new sidewalks .
The sidewalks , along 15th Street between Santa Ana and Irvine avenues and along Irvine Avenue and Cliff Drive , are intended to improve access for children walking to and from Newport Heights Elementary and Ensign Intermediate schools .
The $ 4-million package includes a $ 3.385-million contract for Garden Grove-based Nobest Inc . The balance is for contingency , engineering , geotechnical services and incidentals .
The project is expected to be completed before the next school year .
The fire station at Irvine Avenue and Dover Drive will get a new apparatus bay – or fire truck garage – to accommodate larger modern equipment .
Fire Station No . 6 was built in 1957 and has a garage door with a 9-foot , 3-inch clearance . The newest truck is about 4 inches too tall for that door , and is parked under a tent when it 's at the station .
The $ 1.1-million package includes a $ 978,000 construction contract for Newport Beach-based Metro Builders and Engineers Group Ltd . The balance is for contingency , geotechnical services , inspections and incidentals .
The replacement bay will be a standalone building . When it 's time to replace the office and living quarters side of the station , that side can attach to the new bay , according to a staff report .
hillary.davis @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ Daily_PilotHD
THE best thing about readers submitting their own memories of old Dewsbury is that their recollections often remind us of things we may have forgotten .
Their reminiscences also prompts other readers to come forward with their memories , and soon , week after week , we are able to record some fascinating pieces of social history .
BATLEY JAZZ CLUB : The smallish man in the middle is John Kilburn . The man behind him looking as though he is resting his head on him is John Cooper . Tony Hudson is at the right of them in the white shirt and dark tie making an equal triangle of heads . Barry Jackson is on the extreme left .
The other week , former Hanging Heaton milkman , Ronnie Ellis , delighted readers with his memories of the days when he and his dad had a milk round in Batley Carr .
He mentioned the many pubs which once existed there and also the shops and mills , which got a response from other readers eager to share their memories of Batley Carr .
Peter Gibbard last week wrote about the bomb which blew up his house in Old Bank Road , Dewsbury , during the Second World War .
Others have since written about another bomb which fell in Wakefield Road , killing a man working at Ridings Pit .
There was also another bomb dropped in Savile Town round about the same time which resulted in other fatalities .
It seemed enemy planes were trying to blow up the railway goods yard which once stood on land where stores like Sainsbury 's now stand .
Hopefully , I will be able to research more details of these tragedies and include them in forthcoming articles , all thanks to readers coming forward with their memories ..
This week I received an email from Tony Hudson , a former Wheelwright Grammar School boy , who now lives in South Africa .
He remembers the rich culture which once existed in Dewsbury , and sends this delightful picture of a group of “ Likely Lads ” enjoying a night out at Batley Jazz Club .
Tony contacted me after reading Ronnie Ellis 's memories of Batley Carr which made him remember all the times he walked through this village on his way to his father 's place of work – A.N Cook – in Bradford Road .
Tony was born in Staincliffe in 1936 and moved to Mirfield when he was four years old , later attending Wheelwright Grammar School .
He did , however , have a strong connection with Batley Carr where his father , Eric Hudson , was a partner in the textile company of A.N Cook .
Many people who walked on Bradford Road in those days will also remember the firm .
I certainly do because I was always entranced by the lovely leaded window on which was inscribed the name A.N . Cook .
How many times did I wonder what these initials stood for , and now I know , thanks to Tony . They were the initials of his godfather , Arthur Norman Cook .
Tony writes : “ It was with a certain degree of nostalgia that I read Margaret Watson 's article about Ronnie Ellis 's memories of Batley Carr .
“ My schooling commenced at Dewsbury Wheelwright Grammar School in the kindergarten class which was situated in the girl 's grammar school . This later moved down the road to the boy 's school in Birkdale Road .
“ It was from here that after school I used to cross over Halifax Road and wend my way down to my dad 's company in Batley Carr .
“ After work , as a real treat , he would take me down to the Playhouse Cinema in Dewsbury where we had high tea in the cafe there .
“ It comprised mainly of beans on toast or egg and chips , a real treat at that time served by a waitress in the standard black dress and white apron .
“ After tea dad would take me into the cinema to watch the likes of Betty Grable and Harry James or early Abbot and Costello films .
“ I remember some of the places I used to visit as I would walk from Dewsbury along Bradford Road .
“ The first shop I came to be an “ outdoor living ” shop that sold tents of all shapes and sizes , primus stoves , knives , everything one would need to go camping .
“ From this shop , for my birthday , I was bought a small ridge tent in which I spent many happy hours camping on our lawn .
“ Just past this shop on the left side of the road was the company of S. Beaumont , another of our family friends .
“ Apart from the textile activity in Batley Carr , there was also the cycle shop of Bill Hargreaves who had an original Penny Farthing cycle outside his shop , and I always wondered if anyone knew how to ride it .
“ As I grew older our school modified our hours of attendance which meant we had Tuesday and Thursday afternoons free , but had to make this up by attending on Saturday morning .
“ A crowd from our form used to go to the roller skating rink on a Tuesday afternoon . It was closed on Thursday afternoon for skating as it was being prepared for the evening function –wrestling .
“ Stars at that time were Jack Pye , Hassan ali Bey , The Farmer and the Farmer 's Boy .
“ This eventually came to an end when the building was sold and became the site for the Batley Variety Club .
“ I remember while at school experiencing all kinds of music available locally from the Yorkshire Symphony Orchestra to brass band concerts and loud dance band music as I passed the record department f J W Thornes at the bottom of Daisy Hill .
“ Best of all was a live session listening to the Johnny Dankworth Seven with an 18 year old Cleo Laine .
“ This was above Burton 's Tailors in Batley . I guess the owners were jazz fans like me because I also heard Tito playing there with Terry Devon . How 's that for name dropping !
“ From time to time I have to visit England and Dewsbury and I enjoy walking through the places I used to know and frequent .
“ Even though times have changed I see that Dewsbury has kept pace of the times . ”
l If you have memories and photographs to share , please contact me via email at tresham3 @ gmail.com .
By Jay Cook |
HIGHLANDS – Debralee Lang tiptoed through a barren Honeysuckle Lodge on Cedar Street , poking her head underneath a number of vacant , summertime bungalows while also peering around each corner . Instinct told her this property could be the next curable feral cat hotspot in Highlands .
“ I want to put a trap out now , ” said Lang , a Monmouth County SPCA ( MCSPCA ) animal control officer . “ I really do . ”
Lang spent the bulk of her Tuesday afternoon in Highlands prospecting leads gathered from the night before at a Trap-Neuter-Return ( TNR ) public meeting led by the MCSPCA and Highlands elected officials .
Tucked between Route 36 and Sandy Hook Bay , the small borough of nearly 5,000 residents has long been plagued by a large feral cat population both downtown and in the hills . The situation grew after Super Storm Sandy displaced some residents and wrecked even more homes .
Highlands ' feral cat population is now “ well into the hundreds , ” Lang said , and is indirectly supported by cats finding shelter in homes still under construction since that 2012 storm and local homeowners simply unaware of their options .
“ People get overwhelmed , ” said Lang . “ They do n't know where to turn to or what to do . When they call with just two cats , they 're saving it from becoming 30 cats . ”
Highlands is one of eight Monmouth County towns that have agreements with the MCSPCA for their TNR programs . Atlantic Highlands , Eatontown , Farmingdale , Lake Como , Long Branch , Red Bank and Sea Bright are the others .
Highlands was one of the first to sign on , in 2011 , but Sandy 's aftermath over the next few years naturally halted the program 's momentum . Highlands refocused the program in 2016 and , with the body of data now collected , officials believe they can effectively readdress the issue .
“ No one person can be everywhere , ” said Highlands Borough Council President Carolyn Broullon . “ With more people involved , the program will work better . More cats will go through it and more cats will get adopted . ”
The program 's process is relatively cut-and-dried . After identifying a new colony or hotspot around town , the MCSPCA will come in and set traps to catch any roaming feral cats . If caught early enough in the day , a feline could go in for same-day surgery to be spayed or neutered . The animal will also receive a rabies vaccine , distemper shot , a microchip and their left ear will be tipped to verify it 's been treated .
Returning policies vary depending on the cat . Young kittens will have the opportunity to be adopted and taken off the streets . Older , mature cats typically are brought right back to the spot they were trapped .
“ The basis for this program is ultimately for them to go back to the streets , but if they are adoptable animals , we 're going to try to adopt them , ” said Tom Nuccio , MCSPCA 's lieutenant of humane law enforcement .
The main benefit of the TNR program , though , is the cost savings . For private citizens , the surgery will cost $ 100 . For residents living in a TNR-sponsored town , the fee is marked down to $ 75 and is split 50/50 between the town and the MCSPCA , for up to 100 cats annually . The animal control officers , just like Lang , are also constantly patrolling colonies for untreated cats .
Highlands has seen tangible results since the program was brought back to life in 2016 . According to data from the past two years , 132 feral cats have gone through its TNR program . Numbers from 2016 show a peak of 106 trapped cats but that figure dipped to 26 a year ago . Broullon credited that to changes in borough animal control but said projections for 2018 already show another busy year .
“ We just have to keep up our diligence , ” she said . “ It 's up to the borough to really continually keep this out there . ”
Public outreach has also proven to be essential . Lang gathered over a half-dozen leads from Monday 's meeting , thanks in part to residents reporting what they 've seen and experienced .
One of those Highlanders was Rob Sherman , who lives along Route 36 . Since 2011 , Sherman said he 'd brought over 100 kittens to MCSPCA for adoption to take them out of the wild .
“ It 's very important to me because I 'm concerned about cats , ” said Sherman . “ Never in my life again do I want to see a hawk carry a kitten off or a raccoon do the same thing . And I 've seen both . ”
Dale Barth , who lives on Portland Road , said she 's been involved with the TNR program since before Sandy – it 's helped shrink the size of her cat colony from 27 to only three .
“ The first thing that I 've noticed is there are fewer kittens on the street , ” said Barth , “ and that means things are on their way to getting better . ”
For more information about the TNR program in Highlands , visit highlandsborough.org or email Debralee Lang , the MCSPCA animal control officer , at debralee @ monmouthcountyspca.org .
This article was first published in the April 19-26 , 2018 print edition of The Two River Times .
B is for Build continues working on the 1973 Datsun 240Z project . The goal of the project is to restore the 240Z and install a 5.0 L S85 V10 and SMG transmission from a 2007 BMW M5 . In these videos Chris builds the custom frame and jigs for the front and rear subframes .
Source : B is for Build
Agencies discuss hurricane preparedness for people with disabilities
Two agencies teamed up Tuesday to discuss taking extra safety precautions for people with disabilities ahead of hurricane season .
Hurricane Irma served as a major reminder — it 's never too early to prepare for the next storm .
The purpose of the meeting , hosted by the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Emergency Management Agency , was for residents to share their experiences and stories of survival during Irma .
Representatives are expected to use the information gathered at the meeting to better prepare for any future storms .
Collier County resident Valarie Demello is a caretaker for her father and helps care for April Park , a woman with disabilities .
Demello said volunteers and the county put a good faith effort before Irma hit Southwest Florida , but the organizations needed to do better .
“ I had April on one hand , my dad on another , and chairs on my back . And they 're asking for all our IDs and people are trying to get in behind me , ” Demello said .
Other strategies discussed at the meeting were lack of power and water supply after Irma . Officials said residents should stock up on goods for at least a week or more .
Reporter : Olivia Mancino
Well , let me be perhaps one of the last people to wish you a happy new year .
Seriously , at what point should people stop doing so ? At what point should people refrain from wishing someone a merry Christmas ? Dec. 26 ? Is that reasonable ? Because I was getting merry Christmases on the 28th , the 29th , and it seemed weird . And I was getting happy new years on the 29th and 30th of December , and that too seemed weird .
Truth is , the window is small . You missed wishing someone a happy birthday on their birthday ? Too late . Bookmark it for next year . Canada Day . Does anyone wish anyone a happy Canada Day on July 2 ? No they do n't . They never do . Never happens . How weird would that be ?
Damn . 2017 's going to be as challenging as 2016 was .
Here 's a quick Morning Skate for your statutory Jan. 2 holiday . Seriously , that 's bizarre .
Happy Jan. 2 Day , everyone !
The Home Team
Speaking of weird , wan na know what happens when your bumbling , stumbling team actually wins three in a row ?
There 's no black magic there . The Canucks are just three points behind the bumbling , stumbling Los Angeles Kings for the final wild-card spot in the West . The Kings have just one game in hand . One of the other teams ahead of them , the bumbling , stumbling Dallas Stars , have played the same number of games .
And looky here .
Now , here 's hoping you 're not colour-blind because I want you to look at the green line . Can I call it avocado green ? Hell , why not . But look at the line . Those three wins — against Los Angeles , Anaheim and Edmonton since the brief Christmas break — have bumped the Canucks up to a 9.2-per-cent chance of making the playoffs .
Does n't seem like much , does it ? But how do you explain the Kings , just three points up , being at 80 per cent ?
And you have to like the Canucks ' chances more than you like the chances of their next two opponents . Tonight 's visitors , the Colorado Avalanche ( Rogers Arena , SNP , TSN 1040 , 7 p.m. ) , have a 0.0-per-cent chance of making the postseason . Wednesday 's foes , the Arizona Coyotes , have a 0.1-per-cent chance .
Could it be ? Is it possible ? Are these Vancouver Canucks on the verge of a four-game win streak ? Or even a season-high five-gamer ?
And do n't you feel like someone 's about to wish you a belated happy April Fool 's Day ? You know , from nine months ago ?
Steve Ewen 's got your Gameday preview today . Ben Kuzma and Iain MacIntyre and Ed Willes will all be delivering tonight post-game . And , of course , Botch has got the Provies .
The Avalanche bring out the A-team !
And Just Like That
Auston Matthews has 20 goals . He scored the 19th and 20th at BMO Field on Sunday ,
Thanks to Puck Daddy 's Jen Neale , who saved me from having to watch more than five minutes of what was a serious snoozefest early on — these outdoor games are just killing me with their general lack of drama on the ice . But the third period saved Neale , so much so that she had no problem serving up six great moments from the Centennial Classic .
Matthews , incidentally , has moved a goal ahead of Patrik Laine in what is shaping up to be a monumental battle for the Calder trophy .
Season-ending Madness !
The San Francisco 49ers have fired Chip Kelly . Gary Kubiak , who was the Denver Broncos ' quarterback and offensive coordinator before becoming head coach and winning a Super Bowl , stepped aside due to his very serious health concerns . The San Diego Chargers fired Mike McCoy — but few seemed to care as , per usual , the Chargers may have played their final game at Qualcomm Stadium .
And with the NFL season ending , here 's a quick look at next weekend 's wild-card schedule . Note that the Seattle Seahawks — who had a less-than-convincing win Sunday over the 49ers — are hosting the Detroit Lions Saturday at 5:15 p.m .
I Leave You With This
Short Skate for your holiday Monday . Could n't do more . Was skiing Sunday in Whistler , had little time .
But I 'll always leave you with a treat . And it seems appropriate to close a door on 2016 — a year that slammed us with deaths of incredibly talented people who truly made an impact on our lives .
Like this guy :
Enjoy the day , everyone . Erik Rolfsen has your Skate on Tuesday .
Tell me if you 've heard this before : player signs MLS contract , says “ yes , options , OK , I get it. ” Some time later , with their stock price sitting much higher than it was when the contract was first inked , player says “ options , eh ? That 's a bit daft . I 've got a big offer over at this other place , and you know what ? I 'm going to go . ”
Cyle Larin , circa 2018 , meet Camilo Sanvezzo , circa 2014 .
To watch the Larin story play out in Turkey and in Orlando over the last few weeks was very much a case of déjà vu .
A quality striker , landing a big offer in another country , while his MLS club shouts loudly to everyone “ we have a contract , he understood the terms ! ”
The player eventually got what he wanted — the big-ticket move to a club which would pay him a far more substantial salary . And the MLS club , though left at the end of the day without the player , landed a solid payout .
That 's how Larin moved from Orlando City to Besiktas this week and how Camilo moved from Vancouver to Queretaro in 2014 .
Four years ago , a sports lawyer predicted that what happened in 2014 would happen again .
“ There 's going to be another Camilo , ” said Mike Jarosi , who was representing several MLS players at the time .
“ You 're giving someone else a roadmap to do the same thing . ”
Clearly Larin 's representatives read that roadmap .
On the management side , the Whitecaps also established a road map .
In 2014 , Caps president Bob Lenarduzzi pointed his finger at Camilo 's agent , declaring “ ( Camilo 's ) been led down a path he knows he should n't go down . ”
This week , Orlando pointed their finger at Larin and his agents , calling their behaviour “ unacceptable . ”
In 2014 , Lenarduzzi declared “ a contract is a contract . ”
After Larin 's transfer was confirmed , Orlando noted that Besiktas had recognized “ the existence of a valid contract . ”
In each case it may have been an ugly process , but in each case the player got what they wanted and the clubs were n't left empty-handed , though , as Deadspin pointed out , Orlando stood to make much more money had this happened next season .
FIFA and FIFPro , the international players ' union , may not be fans of team-held option years on contracts , but the MLS and its clubs will argue they 've basically been proven to be in the right : the Caps did receive a fee from Mexico 's Queretaro in exchange for Camilo 's services , just as Orlando City received a fee from Turkey 's Besiktas .
Confirming the MLS 's unique salary rules is one thing . Those rules do keep most salaries in check , which keeps the owners happy . But it also makes for a big risk in trying to hang on to emerging elite players .
Legally Orlando may have been satisfied but from a playing perspective , they 've still lost a young player who they thought would be starring in purple in 2018 .
Might this happen again ? Never say never . But league officials have taken pains to note that in the 22 years that MLS has been around , only twice has a player sought to test their contract rules .
They think the system is fine .
pjohnston @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/risingaction
By Bukola Idowu , Lagos
The value of the naira went in different directions at the Investors and Exporters window of the official and parallel market last week as tension between North Korea and the United States impacted the value of the dollar at the international foreign exchange market .
Tension between the two countries have over the past weeks heightened as investors seek out investment havens . The United States dollar index which tracks the dollar against a basket for six major currencies slipped on the back of weaker-than-expected U.S. producer prices . The index stood at 93.468 below levels around the 93.4 handle seen in the previous session . Ahead , the release of U.S. July CPI due during the U.S. trading day is expected to influence the direction of the dollar .
Despite a drop in foreign exchange inflow at the Investors and Exporters window , the value of the naira gained strength rising by 0.7 per cent selling at N364.78 to the dollar , one of the lowest values achieved on the market since its inception this year .
The volume of foreign exchange traded at the I & E window had declined by over 50 per cent . As against $ 1.047 billion that was traded on the window the previous week , turnover dropped to $ 440.2 million , a situation that did not affect the naira negatively .
However , the naira depreciated at the parallel market where it declined to N367 to the dollar at the close of business last week from N365 which it began the week 's trading activities . Likewise at the Central Bank of Nigeria end of the market , the naira closed weaker at N305.6 to the dollar from N305.5 which it opened the week .
Lukman Otunuga , research analyst at FXTM , said : “ Today 's main focus and event risk for the US dollar , will be the pending inflation report from the United States Federal Reserve , which should offer fresh clues on the pace of monetary tightening .
“ Although the Greenback has maintained its post NFP gains this week , the overall price action suggests that market players are still hesitant to purchase the currency . Investors need more convincing over the possibility of higher US interest rates this year and this should come in the form of rising inflation . ''
He noted that “ with concerns over stubbornly low inflation weighing heavily on the prospect of another US interest rate increase , the pending US CPI data will be in sharp focus . A soft inflation figure below market consensus is likely to quell expectations of higher US interest rates , ultimately pressuring the dollar . ”
Like this : Like Loading ...
A Calgary cyclist said he was riding his bike in the city 's southwest when a car pulled up in front of him and slammed on his brakes .
Nigel Brockton has a camera mounted on the back of his bicycle , which captured him flying off of his bike and tumbling into the road—though not what caused the crash . He said it happened just after 5:40 p.m. on June 8 at 26 Avenue and 21 Street S.W .
READ MORE : Cyclist injured in hit-and-run collision : Calgary police
Brockton felt he could have been killed in the incident , but ended up with minor injuries .
He says the driver of the vehicle left the scene and he 's filed a report to police .
Calgary police said they are aware of the report , but could n't comment on how or if the incident was being investigated as of 2:30 p.m .
Ahead of the second phase of the Gujarat Assembly election , Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that the Congress has `` already lost in the first round '' of polling and claimed that its leaders were using Electronic Voting Machines ( EVMs ) as an excuse .
`` Congress has lost in the first round and are not even thinking about the second round as they know people here will support BJP . They are now making excuses . They know that south Gujarat supports Modi , so their leaders and cheerleaders are blaming EVMs , including saying they are hacked using Bluetooth , '' Modi said while addressing a public rally in Patan on Monday .
Modi also told the gathering that BJP leaders were the ones who came to their rescue when their villages were submerged in the recent floods in Gujarat . `` When this area was flooded , chief minister Vijay Rupani , former chief minister Anandiben Patel and other BJP ministers came and stood with the people . The prime minister reviewed the situation . Tell me where were the Congress workers at that time ? The Congress MLAs were enjoying in resorts in Bengaluru , '' he said , taking a jab at the Opposition party 's meeting in Bengaluru to evade `` poaching attempts '' ahead of the state elections .
Modi also criticised soon-to-be Congress president Rahul Gandhi 's 'potato to gold ' statement , saying he lacked basic knowledge of agriculture . `` Our farmers work hard and grow potatoes . If at all Congress comes to power , there will be no need to do that because their leader says we will produce potatoes in factories . Congress ' basic knowledge about agriculture is so poor , '' Modi said at the rally .
The prime minister also reacted to Rahul 's claims that government policies were implemented only for serving the rich and that he only `` worked for five industrialists , '' saying he worked for the children of the poor . `` During peak summer , I would go to the villages of Gujarat and ask parents to educate their children . Whose children were they ? Were they Ambani 's children ? No . They were children of the poor . We are working for poor , '' Modi said , who also addressed rallies in Nadiad and Ahmedabad on Monday .
Taking another swipe at the Congress , he added that the party leaders would never understand what poverty is . `` When we went to the farmers , did Krishi Mahotsav , we did not go out helping the rich . We went among the poor . Sadly , Congress leaders born with golden spoons will never understand what poverty is ! '' Modi said in Patan .
The voter turnout in the first phase for 89 seats on Saturday stood at 68 percent . The second , and final phase , for the remaining 93 seats will be held on 14 December , followed by counting , which will be held on 18 December .
Watch the complete rally here :
With inputs from agencies
Click here for detailed coverage of Gujarat Assembly Election 2017
Social etiquette once stated no phones at the dinner table , now we 're documenting every meal .
Bedtime was once for sleeping , now we 're wide awake with the glare of our smart-phone screens . Brits are in a serious , long term relationship with technology .
Award-winning digital entrepreneur and founder and owner of digital detox specialists Its Time To Log Off , Tanya Goodin .
UK adults spend an average of 21.6 hours online each week ( not including work ) , according to the annual Ofcom Media Attitudes Report 2016 . Nearly nine in ten ( 87 per cent ) of all UK adults said they use the internet ( on any device ) either at home or elsewhere , seven in 10 own and use a smartphone and a staggering 99 per cent of adults has taken at least once selfie ( unofficial report ) . Evidently we 're a screen addicted nation .
Our dependency on the internet , social media and technology is so great that a number of studies have seen a direct link to usage and an increase in anxiety and depression . Intense social media and internet use is distorting every day reality and ironically disconnecting us from the real world .
We spoke with award-winning digital entrepreneur and founder and owner of digital detox specialists It 's Time To Log Off , Tanya Goodin , to find out how we can reconnect with the real world .
“ Our use of technology has gotten completely unbalanced and we are now spending more time online than offline , ” Tanya explains . “ The evidence is mounting up through studies and research that this is bad for our focus , concentration , sleep and overall mental health . ”
Internet and social media addiction disorder is a relatively new phenomenon but is n't one completely unheard of . In fact this new addiction is such a global problem that the Japanese ministry of education introduced internet ‘ fasting camps ' for more than half a million screen addicted children . It 's not just children glued to their phones though .
“ Adults now spend more than eight hours a day on screens , and check their smartphones more than 150 times a day . But you do n't really do n't need statistics to show you how bad it is , just walk down any street , look round any restaurant , everyone is on their phones – all the time ! ”
Pressing the power off button might not be the easiest thing to do but the instant benefits of logging off will be immense .
A digital detox will increase productivity , improve real-life human relationships , help posture and most importantly boost mental health . Technology is so entwined in our lives how can we log off without feeling left out ?
“ Set boundaries around time and boundaries around place to help you log off occasionally . Technology is a wonderful thing but our always-on 24:7 digital lifestyle is what 's causing the problem , ” advises Tanya .
“ Boundaries around time could be ‘ no work email after 8pm at night ' and boundaries around place could be ‘ no phones in the bedroom ' or ‘ no phones at the meal table ' . ”
To find out about It 's Time To Log Off , visit www.itstimetologoff.com .
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic Pause
1:37 Oscar-winning actress Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
0:35 Couples say ' I do ' on Valentine 's Day
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:46 Publix 'shopper ' steals lots of Red Bull
1:08 Council 's , historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton , reopens for business
3:16 Anti-mining group claims FDEP did n't investigate suspicious water levels before sinkhole
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
On Saturday , April 28 , bibliophiles across the country will descend on their local booksellers to shop exclusive bookish swag , participate in fun themed activities , and catch live readings by their favorite authors during the coolest literary party of the entire year , Independent Bookstore Day . With only a few days to go , readers , writers , and retailers everywhere are starting to get excited about the day-long bookish celebration , but there is perhaps no one as thrilled for this year 's festivities as Celeste Ng , the 2018 Author Ambassador . Not only is the I Never Told You author helping promote the nationwide event beforehand , she has even shared with Bustle some of her personal book recommendations for readers who are shopping at the indies this weekend .
`` As a reader , I 've appreciated independent bookstores for a long time , and now , as a writer , I see how they get books into the hands of readers who need them , and how they nurture not only the literary community but the entire community around them , '' Ng tells Bustle . That 's why , according to the bestselling author of Little Fires Everywhere , she jumped at the opportunity to be the 2018 Author Ambassador for Independent Bookstore Day . `` Now that I 'm an author , I 'm grateful to independent bookstores in a whole new way : for championing not just my book , but books in general and the communities that form around them , '' she says .
If , like Ng , you plan on showing up to support one of the over 500 participating indies this weekend , the 2018 Author Ambassador has some advice for you : talk to the people who work there . `` Booksellers are a great resource — they 'll give you much better recommendations than an online algorithm , because booksellers read so much , '' Ng explains . `` Tell them what you liked or did n't like about your last read and they 'll help you find another—and soon you 'll have custom recommendations as well as ( probably ) a new friend . ''
Just in case your friendly bookseller 's suggestions are n't enough — let 's face it , there is no such thing as too many new books — Ng has shared some of her own personal recommendations for Bustle readers . Check out what the 2018 Author Ambassador thinks you should be shopping for this Independent Bookstore Day , below .
A Superior Court jury has found Shakeil Wheatle guilty of first-degree murder , based largely on the co-operation of a star witness who risked his life to help police solve the killing of an innocent man . It was the third time Wheatle has stood trial for the July 19 , 2012 , killing of Daniel Davis , 27 , shot eight times by three men behind an elementary school in Flemington Park , near Lawrence Ave. W. and Allen Rd . “ We are pleased that justice was finally served in this case , ” said Crown attorney Phil Tsui , who prosecuted the case with Elizabeth Jackson . In 2016 , a jury failed to reach a verdict and a mistrial was declared . Last November , there was another mistrial , hours after the jury began to deliberate . The Crown had mistakenly sent an audio recording into the jury room that contained evidence about other crimes not introduced during the trial . Wheatle is still scheduled to stand trial for the murder of Marvin Engelbrecht , who was fatally shot a few months after , and up the street from where , Davis was killed .
Article Continued Below
The Crown 's theory in the case was that the senseless shooting of Davis was connected to a long-standing feud between denizens of the area on Jane St. , south of Wilson , known as “ South Side , ” and people living in Lawrence Heights . That 's where Davis was shot as he chilled late at night with friends . He was unarmed and had no criminal record . But the killing of Davis sickened even a lifelong drug dealer from South Side . He agreed to act as a police agent and wore a hidden recording device to capture conversations with young men from his neighbourhood whom he believed responsible . The agent can not be identified due to a publication ban imposed due to concerns about his safety . One of the agent 's targets was an old friend , Jerome “ Germz ” Bent , who admitted to the wire-wearing agent that he was one of the gunmen . Police also seized a firearm at Bent 's residence that testing revealed was one of two .38 specials used to kill Davis . Bent , who was Wheatle 's co-accused , pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in the Davis homicide . He also incriminated himself in another fatal shooting , leading him to plead guilty to first-degree murder of Delano Coombs , 27 , on May 10 , 2012 .
CAPE CORAL , Fla. Vito Romano and his wife had the scare of their lives when they came within feet of an 8-foot alligator this weekend .
The couple spotted the reptile lurking near their home on the 400 block of Northwest 36th Avenue .
“ Then I saw he broke the surface , and he came swimming toward me and his whole body came out of the water , ” Romano said . “ Very impressive . ”
More that 1.3 million gators are estimated to be roaming the state right now , according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission .
Just last month , a string of alligator attacks happened across Southwest Florida . The latest happened in Port Charlotte when a homeless man was
bathing in a retention pond .
Romano and his wife are taking this incident as a learning moment , to keep their eyes peeled when heading out on the water .
“ That was the first words out of her ( his wife ) mouth , the kayaks are gone , ” he said .
There are no ordinances against swimming in canals , but it is not recommended , city officials said .
Phil McIntyre , longtime manager for Nick Jonas and Demi Lovato , has been named President of Management at Roc Nation , the entertainment firm founded by Jay-Z which represents Rihanna , DJ Khaled , Mariah Carey , J. Cole and a slew of additional artists , personalities and sports stars .
The appointment was announced by Roc Nation CEO and co-founder Jay Brown . It is a new position for the 10-year-old company , but McIntyre 's Philymack has been partnered with Roc Nation since 2015 .
Word had been circulating in recent weeks that McIntyre , whose plate is already full with his own management concern ( clients also include Iggy Azalea and the Band Perry ) and an executive producer position on ABC 's “ American Idol , ” was headed to a senior role involving Roc Nation 's management arm , which counts more than 24 music acts on its roster .
Roc Nation recently took on Miguel , Robin Thicke and Elle King , along with their respective managers , following the dissolution of CAM , the management firm launched Jordan Feldstein , who died unexpectedly in December .
McIntyre 's responsibilities will include working with Roc Nation 's “ house managers to deliver strategic opportunities and value for the Roc Nation roster , ” according to a statement .
Speaking to Variety in January , McIntyre explained the expansion of his company , Philymack , which will remain in its own offices . “ We understand our strong-suits and what we 're really great at , ” he said . “ We 're ready to grow . ”
NOAA is once again considering ending North Atlantic and North Pacific Marine storm warning announcements at minutes 8 , 9 , and 10 of each hour on WWV , and minutes 48 , 49 , 50 , and 51 of WWVH .
Submit questions , comments , or concerns about this proposed change with “ NIST MARINE WARNING ” in the subject line no later than February 23 , 2018 . NOAA had announced in April 2017 that it was considering this change but held off in the wake of supporting comments .
WWV and WWVH are services of the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) . — Thanks to Matt Deutch , N0RGT
SOON after taking oath as Chief Justice of Pakistan on Saturday ,
Saqib Nisar put to rest all speculations by constituting a slightly different five members larger bench under the supervision of Justice Asif Saeed Khosa to hear the Panama case . Apart from excluding himself , another judge Amir Muslim Hani is no longer part of the bench . Indeed it was the discretion of the new CJP to form the new bench including or excluding anybody .
However , his decision not to be part of the bench is very much understandable as before his swearing in ceremony some controversial statements had emanated from certain political parties as well as political analysts that the new CJP deemed it appropriate to stay away . Though we welcome the decision of the new CJP but it is regrettable that in our country , certain elements are always out to make even the honest and upright personalities controversial at all costs , for their own hidden agenda Given the nature of the Panama case and the experience of incumbent CJP in commercial and tax laws , we believe his inclusion in the bench would have been very productive in understanding the complex nature of the case . Anyway we have no doubt in the capabilities of other judges and we are sure that truth and justice will prevail at the end of the day . We also expect that parties in the case also refrain from issuing statements that pose a question mark on integrity of the judges . In fact with reconstitution of the bench , the apex court has once again demonstrated the priority it is according to this high profile case and since the case will be heard afresh with the induction of two new judges , all eyes once again will be on the court to carry out the hearing on regular basis in order to reach conclusion at the earliest . This is also important to end the current environment of uncertainty and allow the government to focus and divert its energies towards its real work i.e . good governance and welfare of people .
Related
Related Story Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier Resigns From Trump Council Over Charlottesville Violence
./ : US President Donald Trump denounced white supremacists including neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan on Monday , and said racism , hatred and bigotry had no place in America following a violent white-nationalist rally in Virginia.Trump had been assailed by Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday 's violence in Charlottesville , in which a woman was killed when a man crashed his car into a group of counter-protesters . `` Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' Trump said in a statement to reporters at the White House.Critics said Trump had waited too long to address the bloodshed , and slammed him for stating initially that `` many sides '' were involved , rather than explicitly condemning white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee.A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges he plowed his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists , killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people . The accused , James Alex Fields , was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday.In a strong rebuke to the president , the chief executive of one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies , Merck & Co Inc , resigned from a business panel led by Trump , citing a need for leadership countering bigotry.CEO Kenneth Frazier , who is black , did not name Trump or criticize him directly in a statement posted on the drug company 's Twitter account , but the rebuke was implicit . `` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , '' said Frazier .
Local veterans observed Flag Day Wednesday by properly disposing of flags that can no longer be flown .
The AMVETS post in Big Rapids held a flag retirement ceremony Wednesday afternoon .
They collect old , discolored and tattered flags throughout the year and make sure they are respectfully taken care of .
Veterans say they take great pride in making sure the flag they , and so many others fought for is show proper care .
“ It 's one day that everybody thinks about the flag and they need to remember where their roots are and all the men that have paid their lives and or have been wounded . I carried one in my ruck sack in Vietnam and I wanted to make sure the flags are always properly handled and carried for , ” said William Semar , American Legion Post Commander .
The AMVETS post has locations to drop off old flags set up throughout Big Rapids .
( Reuters ) - Shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc fell 4 percent premarket on Friday , as investors were concerned about the company 's rising costs and pressure on margins that are weighing on a profitable ad business .
Most analysts believe higher investments by Alphabet to boost its cloud offerings and hardware sales could put pressure on the search engine 's margin expansion in fiscal 2018 .
“ Operating margin and profit dollars fell short of our estimates despite the top line beat given higher contribution from lower margin streams of revenue ( hardware ) , ” Credit Suisse analysts wrote in a client note .
The company 's total traffic acquisition costs , a measure of how much money the company spends to attract users to its search engine , rose 33 percent in the fourth quarter to $ 6.45 billion .
Canaccord Genuity analysts said Alphabet 's sequential gross margin contraction was the largest in the company 's history .
However , some analysts looked past the costs and focused on a strong core ad business as well as positive comments from Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai on its fast-growing cloud computing business .
Investments are paying off , Pichai said , noting that cloud computing is generating $ 1 billion in quarterly sales .
Google sells ad space on its search engine , its fast-growing YouTube video streaming service and a network of third-party websites and apps .
Led by such ads , Alphabet generated $ 110.9 billion in full-year revenue , up 23 percent from 2016 and topping $ 100 billion for the first time .
But threats from Facebook Inc and Amazon.com Inc loom .
“ Amazon has grown its position as the first destination for consumer product searches . This has the potential to cannibalize Google 's revenue from retail advertisers , ” wrote Scott Devitt , an analyst at Stifel who cut his rating to “ hold ” from “ buy ” .
At least 11 brokerages raised their price targets on Alphabet , while two cut their price on the stock . Susquehanna was the most bullish , raising its price target to $ 1,475.Jefferies analysts said Alphabet is placing the right bets on some very big opportunities such as YouTube/TV , hardware , GCP , Waymo , which will help fuel sustained growth and meaningful share appreciation over time .
Four security personnel were injured on Monday in a grenade attack by militants in central Kashmir 's Budgam district.Militants hurled a grenade at a road opening party of CRPF and police at Batpora in Magam area , 20 kilometres from Srinagar , a police official said . He said three CRPF personnel and one policeman were injured in the grenade blast.The injured personnel have been admitted to SKIMS Medical College hospital at Bemina here . The attack came amidst stringent security arrangements across Kashmir valley for Tuesday 's Independence Day celebrations
× Online Public Information File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station 's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below . Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC 's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322 , 888-835-5322 ( TTY ) , or fccinfo @ fcc.gov .
Station Contact Info :
KWQC-TV6
805 Brady Street
Davenport , IA 52803
563-383-7000
July 16 , 1945 was a day that changed the world forever . At 5:29 a.m. Mountain War Time , just minutes before sunrise , the night sky above central New Mexico was illuminated in a brilliant fireball of white light as the U.S. military tested the world 's first atomic bomb . Called Trinity Site and located on the grounds of the White Sands Missile Range about 70 miles west of Alamogordo , the site is typically off limits to civilians—but on October 7 , visitors can experience it firsthand during its biannual open house .
Held on the first Saturday of every April and October , the open house is the only opportunity the public has to access the missile range , which normally serves as an active site for the U.S. Army to test out new weaponry . During the open house , visitors can see ground zero , where the plutonium-based A-bomb was detonated more than 70 years ago as part of the Manhattan Project . The open house also includes a visit to the McDonald Ranch House , a 1913 adobe home built by Frank Schmidt , a German immigrant , and where the device 's plutonium core was assembled .
Today , a monolith marks ground zero along with what 's left of the footing of a 100-foot tower that military personnel used during the detonation . Also on view : photos taken during the explosion , and the leftover bomb casing from “ Fat Man . ”
“ Most of the tower was vaporized during the explosion , ” Drew Hamilton , public information and community relations specialist for White Sands Missile Range , tells Smithsonian.com . “ Since the explosion , much of the surrounding area has more or less returned to the way it would naturally be . There are no bushes growing around ground zero , but it 's because we regularly mow it . If we did n't , it would look like the rest of the landscape . ”
Visitors may also come across crumb-size pieces of Trinitite , a rock-like byproduct leftover from the explosion known for its glassy texture and deep green hue . ( Since White Sands is a national monument , however , visitors are prohibited from removing anything from the site . )
And while Trinity Site has been cleaned up since the atom bomb detonation , its radiation levels remain above that of naturally occurring background levels . To put this into perspective , Hamilton gives the following example :
“ Radiation is everywhere , it 's a naturally occurring phenomenon , ” he says . “ But it 's a little bit higher [ at Trinity Site as compared to ] the surrounding territory . During a one-hour visit , you 'll be exposed to approximately half a millirem of radiation . In comparison , during a flight aboard a commercial airliner from New York City to Los Angeles , you 'll be exposed to 2 millirems . You 'll get the same exposure from the Trinity Site as you would if you ate eight bananas , which , because of their potassium content , are naturally radioactive . ”
This year 's Trinity Site open house will take place from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. on October 7 . Admission is free and reservations are not required . Pets are allowed and must be leashed . To reach Trinity Site , take exit 139 off Interstate 25 to State Highway 380 and drive east 12 miles to Stallion Gate . Make sure to bring a valid ID to show at security checkpoints . Drivers should be prepared to provide proof of insurance .
BATAVIA , OH ( April 24 , 2018 ) – The Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series will make their presence known in the “ Land of Lincoln ” this weekend , returning to Tri-City Speedway and Macon Speedway for a pair of $ 12,000-to-win events .
The weekend doubleheader to wrap up the month of April will kick off on Friday , April 27 at Tri-City Speedway in Granite City , IL , followed by an appearance at Macon Speedway in Macon , IL on Saturday , April 28 . At both venues , the nation 's top dirt late model drivers are expected to challenge a strong field of local and regional standouts .
“ Tri-City and Macon have a history of producing some of the most exciting events of the season , ” said Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series Director , Rick Schwallie . “ The level of competition this season has been second-to-none . The Midwest has some of the toughest competitors anywhere in the country . Fans are in store for a very exciting weekend of racing . ”
Tri-City Speedway is a 3/8-mile oval located just north of St. Louis , MO . The Busch 50 will include a complete program of : Miller Welders Time Trials , Heat Races , B-Mains , and a 50-lap , $ 12,000-to-win main event . For more information , visit : www.tricityspeedway.net
on Saturday night for the highly-anticipated St. Louis U-Pic-A-Part 100 . The 1/5-mile bullring is accustomed to some of the most thrilling , door-to-door racing action of the season . The event will feature Miller Welders Time Trials , Heat Races , and B-Mains , highlighted by a 100-lap , $ 12,000-to-win main event . To learn more , visit : The action will shift to Macon Speedwaynight for the highly-anticipated St. Louis U-Pic-A-Part 100 . The 1/5-mile bullring is accustomed to some of the most thrilling , door-to-door racing action of the season . The event will feature Miller Welders Time Trials , Heat Races , and B-Mains , highlighted by a 100-lap , $ 12,000-to-win main event . To learn more , visit : www.maconracing.com
Jonathan Davenport continues to set the pace in the Lucas Oil championship chase , 75-points ahead of defending National Champion , Josh Richards . With his recent success , Scott Bloomquist is now third , followed by Earl Pearson Jr. and Tim McCreadie rounding out the top five in championship standings .
Lucas Oil Championship Standings :
POS CAR # DRIVER NAME HOMETOWN POINTS TRAIL BY 1 49 Jonathan Davenport Blairsville , GA 2120 2 1R Josh Richards Shinnston , WV 2045 -75 3 0 Scott Bloomquist Mooresburg , TN 2005 -115 4 1 Earl Pearson Jr. Jacksonville , FL 1980 -140 5 39 Tim McCreadie Watertown , NY 1780 -340 6 71 Hudson O'Neal Martinsville , IN 1745 -375 6 20 Jimmy Owens Newport , TN 1745 -375 8 5 Don O'Neal Martinsville , IN 1720 -400 8 32 Bobby Pierce Oakwood , IL 1720 -400 10 40B Kyle Bronson ® Brandon , FL 1715 -405 11 14 Darrell Lanigan Union , KY 1695 -425 12 22 Gregg Satterlee Indiana , PA 1630 -490 13 1s Brandon Sheppard New Berlin , IL 1620 -500 14 25Z Mason Zeigler ® Chalk Hill , PA 1535 -585 15 28 Dennis Erb Jr. Carpentersville , IL 1530 -590
* Cutting and/or siping of any tire IS allowed .
Event Purse : 1 . $ 12,000 , 2 . $ 5,500 , 3 . $ 3,500 , 4 . $ 2,750 , 5 . $ 2,250 , 6 . $ 1,800 , 7 . $ 1,500 , 8 . $ 1,300 , 9 . $ 1,200 , 10 . $ 1,100 , 11 . $ 1,075 , 12 . $ 1,050 , 13 . $ 1,025 , 14 . $ 1,000 , 15 . $ 1,000 , 16 . $ 1,000 , 17 . $ 1,000 , 17 . $ 1,000 , 19 . $ 1,000 , 20 . $ 1,000 , 21 . $ 1,000 , 22 . $ 1,000 , 23 . $ 1,000 , 24 . $ 1,000
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
A weekly compilation of the largest winning bids in the Pacific Northwest and California , according to the Daily Journal of Commerce Project Center . 1 . Winner ( intent to award ) : Kerr Contractors Oregon Inc. of Woodburn Amount : $ 26,326,869 Project : Interstate 205 – bridge section ; Clackamas and Multnomah counties , Oregon Owner : Oregon Department of Transportation Cost estimate : not available Project team : not available 2 . Winner ( intent to ...
A boy was airlifted to hospital with `` serious injuries '' after he was hit by a car in Leyland , say police .
Declan Brewer was riding his bike along Leyland Lane when the accident happened at around 3.20pm on August 13 .
The 13-year-old from Leyland suffered serious injuries during the incident and was taken to Alder Hay Children 's Hospital for treatment a spokesman for the ambulance service said .
Police say a vehicle made off from the scene of the accident but a man was later arrested in connection with the incident .
Family members have told how Declan has suffered broken bones but is not thought to be in a critical condition .
Declan 's dad Rob Brewer said : `` He suffered a broken pelvis and a fractured vertebra along with quite a few bumps and bruises .
`` He 's had a bit of rest through the night but is still very sore .
`` We 're still unclear about exactly what happened and we 're awaiting the results of the police investigation .
`` We 'd like to thank everyone who helped Declan at the scene of the accident and all our well wishers . ''
A spokesman for the ambulance services said : `` We received reports that a car had hit a push bike .
`` We sent a rapid response vehicle , an ambulance and the air ambulance to the scene .
`` A boy aged around 13 was taken to hospital suffering from suspected back and head injuries . ''
LONDON - Olivier Giroud scored a stupendous `` scorpion kick '' volley as Arsenal climbed to third place in the Premier League table with a 2-0 New Year 's Day victory over Crystal Palace .
Giroud netted with a breathtaking improvised strike reminiscent of Henrikh Mkhitaryan 's recent goal for Manchester United and Alex Iwobi was also on target at the Emirates Stadium . Victory left Arsenal nine points below leaders Chelsea and they were joined in the top four by Tottenham Hotspur , who replaced Manchester City in the Champions League places after winning 4-1 at Watford . Arsenal , who were without the ill Mesut Ozil , finish the weekend three points below second-place Liverpool , with north London rivals Spurs a point back , above City on goal difference .
Armenian midfielder Mkhitaryan advanced a strong claim to the Goal of the Season award in United 's 3-1 win over Sunderland on Boxing Day , only for Giroud to better his strike just six days later . The France striker squandered a golden early chance when he miscued from Nacho Monreal 's volleyed cross , but he atoned in memorable fashion in the 17th minute .
He was involved twice in a sweeping move that began when Lucas Perez slid in to cut out a square pass from Palace 's ex-Arsenal midfielder Mathieu Flamini . Hector Bellerin played the ball forward to Giroud and his clever backheel found Granit Xhaka , who helped the ball on to Iwobi , who slipped it to Alexis Sanchez on the left . Sanchez 's cross was behind Giroud , but he adjusted brilliantly to hook the ball forward with his left heel , propelling it over Wayne Hennessey , off the bar and into the net .
Nigerian forward Iwobi doubled Arsenal 's lead in the 56th minute , heading in after Scott Dann 's attempt to block Monreal 's cross sent the ball spinning into the air . Palace rallied , Petr Cech saving from Yohan Cabaye and Andros Townsend , but new manager Sam Allardyce would not be spared from a defeat that kept his side one place above the bottom three .
Tottenham beat Watford in their second successive 4-1 win , having prevailed by the same scoreline at Southampton in mid-week , to rack up a fourth consecutive league victory . Deputising for the suspended Kyle Walker at right-back , Kieran Trippier set up Harry Kane for Spurs ' first two goals at Vicarage Road .
His clever pass freed Kane to beat Heurelho Gomes at his near post in the 27th minute and six minutes later the former Burnley player 's cross was volleyed home by Kane at the back post . Dele Alli had earlier hit the bar and he got on the score-sheet either side of half-time . Alli pounced on Younes Kaboul 's mishit clearance to roll a shot into the bottom-right corner and then , after the change of ends , slipped the ball past Gomes from Kane 's right-wing cross .
Kaboul reduced the arrears in stoppage time , forcing the ball over the line from a free-kick , but the hosts did not celebrate . `` We played very good , to a very high standard , '' said Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino , whose side host leaders Chelsea on Wednesday . `` The first half was one of the best we 've played this season . I 'm very happy because it was a difficult game and the team responded . We know that Chelsea 's performance is very high . They are a very good team with high confidence , but we will try to challenge them to take the three points . ''
Vigil @ nce - WordPress : Cross Site Scripting via MediaElement Flash Fallback
March 2018 by Vigil @ nce
This bulletin was written by Vigil @ nce : https : //vigilance.fr/offer
SYNTHESIS OF THE VULNERABILITY
An attacker can trigger a Cross Site Scripting via MediaElement Flash Fallback of WordPress , in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site .
Impacted products : WordPress Core .
Severity : 2/4 .
Creation date : 17/01/2018 .
DESCRIPTION OF THE VULNERABILITY
The WordPress product offers a web service .
However , it does not filter received data via MediaElement Flash Fallback before inserting them in generated HTML documents .
An attacker can therefore trigger a Cross Site Scripting via MediaElement Flash Fallback of WordPress , in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site .
ACCESS TO THE COMPLETE VIGIL @ NCE BULLETIN
https : //vigilance.fr/vulnerability/ ...
We 've heard this all before .
“ We 're doing well in parts of the game , but mistakes are costing us . We 're gifting games at home at the moment . Teams are n't coming here and earning it . We have to be more ruthless in front of goal , as well . We 're creating chances , but we do n't look that positive when we get around the box . We need to be a bit sharper . We have spells in the game , but we 're not consistent over the 90 minutes . ”
Defensive lapses and missed opportunities — it 's the same old story .
It 's also the Colorado Rapids ' story .
The comment came from Rapids ' midfielder Jack Price after his Major League Soccer squad lost 3-2 to the Portland Timbers last week , their sixth straight defeat . After a start that saw them lose just once in their first five games , the Rapids ( 2-7-2 ) are now solidly in last place overall .
Their 44.3 possession percentage is a league-low — just behind the Caps ' 44.6 — and their 13 total goals is the second-lowest in the league . Two of those came off penalties , including one meaningless goal at the final whistle last Saturday .
The numbers say they should provide the perfect tonic for a Whitecaps ( 4-5-5 ) team looking for its first win in nine games , but Brett Levis is looking at Friday 's game like being trapped in a cage with a wounded feral dog .
“ They are … like wounded dogs , ” said the young left-back , who could slot in for the injured Marcel de Jong .
“ Regardless of who we 're playing , we have to go in with the same mentality , and that 's to work hard , work collectively , and maintain focus for the 90 minutes , and get it done .
“ Just because everyone says they 're bad , just because they 've been playing bad , you do n't even put that in your mind . Because if you go into the game with that in your mind … mentally you might come down to their level .
“ You ca n't say a team is good or bad . You can look at statistics and say that , but at the end of the day , you 're not the one on the field . We 're going to Colorado where the elevation is insane , it 's supposed to be 35 degrees ( Celsius ) , there are so many factors that come into play . ”
The grousing by Caps fans has reached thundering levels this season , but it could be worse — they could be Rapids fans . Colorado has been either last or second-last in the West in three of the past four years , despite having the 10th-highest payroll . Their current six-game skid is the longest since a seven-game slide in 2014 .
The only thing keeping things from boiling over in Denver is the MLS Cup title they won in 2010 , an accomplishment the Caps , so far , have n't come close to experiencing .
Rapids now dead last in the West w/ 8 points through 10 games . Tied for 2nd-worst start in franchise history .
Worst start was 7 points in 10 games , all the way back in… 2017 .
Might be time to start asking serious questions about the front office 's approach to roster building . — Matthew Doyle ( @ MattDoyle76 ) May 19 , 2018
Colorado brought in Anthony Hudson from the New Zealand national team to coach after last season , but apart from his team 's bright start , there has n't been much change to the Mile High status quo . The defensive-minded 3-5-2 formation he deploys has n't had the desired effect .
“ Anthony 's a really good coach . I do n't get fooled by they 've lost five , six , seven games in a row , ” said Caps ' coach Carl Robinson . “ Those games , they 've been very close . We talk about how close our games are … it can go either way . They 're going to beat teams this year . It 's a difficult place to go . ”
Of the Rapids ' 11 points , 10 have come at Dick 's Sporting Goods Park . And out of their last six losses — three away , three at home — four have been by one goal . Two of the losses came on the road , against Real Salt Lake and New York Red Bulls , who have a combined 8-1-1 home record . And Portland , the hottest team in MLS with a six-game win streak , still only managed a one-goal win in Colorado .
“ I think it 's difficult in our run to talk about lots and lots of positives , ” Hudson told reporters this week . “ All I would say is they kept going , they kept working , and we 're better than the results are showing recently . We 're a better team than that .
“ I think a few mistakes have cost us . We 're not a team of this record , we 're really not . But , there 's no disguising it . It 's not a good run . But everyone in the locker-room … we believe in what we 're doing . We 're going to keep fighting ; there 's no chance of that not happening . ”
The Rapids will fight , but the frustration is showing . They lead the league by a wide margin with 37 yellow cards . They rank third in shots per game ( 16.5 ) but they 're not coming off of team play ; the Rapids are last in MLS in key passes per game ( 8.5 ) .
Vancouver is battling its share of frustration , having to scratch and claw for ties despite having the best of their opponents — FC Dallas aside — in the past five games . Training this week again focused on cleaning up the defensive mistakes that keep costing them soft , untimely goals .
Colorado 's Price felt one win would jump-start his team , and Robinson feels the same about the Caps .
“ We 're not far away . … We 've had lots of good days recently , but we have n't picked up as many points as we 'd like because we 've made individual errors , ” said Robinson . “ And that happens in football .
“ I looked across the league on the weekend , and some of the goals that were conceded were really , really bad — and there were three in our game . We need to cut out the nonsense of the individual mistakes and the silly goals , and try to take our chances , because we have been creating a bucketload .
“ We 're sitting probably where we deserve to be , based on the chances we 've missed as well as the bad goals we 've given up , but we know that can change at any time , and hopefully will change on Friday . ”
jadams @ postmedia.com
NEXT GAME
Friday
Vancouver Whitecaps at Colorado Rapids
6 p.m. , Dick 's Sporting Goods Park , TSN 1/3 , TSN 1410 AM
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com
New Delhi : External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Monday held talks with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on key bilateral issues .
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi meets External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in New Delhi . pic.twitter.com/FHntQZw2ez — ANI ( @ ANI ) December 11 , 2017
According to sources , all issues of mutual interest were discussed between the two leaders .
This is the first high-level visit from China after the Doka La standoff this summer .
Wang is in New Delhi to attend the Russia-India-China trilateral ,
He will also attend an India-China cultural event on Monday evening .
The foreign ministers of Russia , India and China ( RIC ) are in New Delhi to deliberate on a range of pressing regional and global issues , including ways to tackle the threat of terrorism and extremism , at the key meeting of the grouping .
In my articles released on Jan. 2 and Feb. 25 , I tried to explain the interrelationship between U.S. President Donald Trump 's unilateral policies along with other parameters and the turbulent developments in Iran . `` People are at the center of the protests and that makes the atmosphere in Iran very sensitive and provocative – governments pay serious attention if people are the main force behind a movement or uprising – it is more powerful in the sense that people can be both devastating for and/or influence the country 's development , '' I had emphasized .
In addition , we can find no point in the history of the engagement and interference of the U.S. and the West , in Iran 's domestic affairs , that resulted in better conditions for Iran . Rather , their interference through double-standard diplomacy and military threats under any cover have always had devastating outcomes for Iran . In this opinion article , however , I tried to answer some questions asked frequently these days as to why Iran is not taking necessary action ; why Iranian authorities do not develop proper responses and where Iran is heading .
Since the beginning of the nuclear talks , the people of the country and officials have hoped the talks would lead to better living conditions in Iran . It would have been an opportunity for Iran to restore its image , damaged as the result of internal and external factors . The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) was a golden opportunity for not only the officials but also for traders and other economic actors both within and outside Iran , although there were still waves of distrust toward the U.S. ' decision to sit around the negotiation table . Likewise , Trump 's one-sided withdrawal from the JCPOA has broken down that hope . Fortunately , the EU is well aware of Trump 's distorted approaches and policies and consequently declared its firm support of the JCPOA . Notwithstanding , we need more time to see to what extent the EU is willing to stand against U.S. policies , and whether the EU can fulfill the economic commitment of the JCPOA without a joint international multilateral decision .
But , what is going on in Iran ? What we are currently witnessing in Iran is not solely the outcome of the U.S. unilateral withdrawal from the nuclear deal but the result of a series of phenomena that have generated consequential economic , psychological and political hardships ; a climate of uncertainty hanging heavy over Iran in almost every area , with the effect of both internal and external factors , such as mismanagement , corruption , sanctions , threats of war and regional insecurity which have caused Iran to hemorrhage billions of dollars in an effort to save its economy and preserve its security within and outside its borders .
Social media affiliated with the West has carefully used this and provoked tension , sparking sporadic protests in various parts of Iran ; although , some of the protests are unrelated to the current climate .
This has brought huge social , economic and psychological consequences and a climate of mistrust towards the government and the whole system . Mass media and social media in the Islamic republic have so far played little or no significant roles in defusing the provocation mechanism .
A small number of people in Iran no longer believe in the need for Iran 's engagement in regional affairs in support of the oppressed and preserving its security and sovereignty . However , the fact is that this small group has little or no knowledge of who is who and what is what in security and strategic issues and tend to be misguided in these sensitive matters.Unsustainable financing practices , the limitation of governmental power and misguided government policies along with the lack of transparency in various areas have ultimately intensified the rial 's devaluation , even superseding the value of the rial in 2012 . As the result , the bleak economic situation has maximized confusion in society .
The lack of domestic unity and cohesion among various sections in the system of government have provided grounds for the current U.S. government to reach its ultimate goals without resorting to war . By targeting Iran 's economic structures , Trump has used economic pressure as the `` Achilles heel '' of Iran .
Some of the political factions and fronts in the Islamic republic have unfortunately bowed down to international pressure and underestimated the historic achievement of the nuclear deal , totally oblivious that it is not the JCPOA , but Trump himself who is the source of all the problems since he pulled the U.S. out of other international agreements , such as the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , the Paris Accord , etc . This disunity and lack of coordination among the sectors in the system has forced the current government into a corner and prevented it from properly deciding on and developing proper responses .
Facing the challenges to come
The ongoing situation indicates that the whole society is in a state of limbo . Like the experiences of other systems of governments around the world , just a little more hesitance at responding to the demands of the people in Iran will provide the chance for the internal political and economic manipulators , along with the outside forces , to deliver the final blow . To avoid facing further challenges , more power and authority should be delegated to the current government ; the whole system in Iran should become more transparent in its expenditures and budgets and , as the top priority , pay careful attention to the people 's social and moral rights and welfare . It is no secret that `` a hungry man is an angry man . ''
And finally , the nature of the developments and the direction Iran is being pushed is by no means comparable to its previous experiences . Nevertheless , it does not mean that the so-called external support , including the U.S. support recently discussed by U.S. congressmen Dana Rohrabacher and Doug Lamborn , will by no means deliver Iranians better living conditions or prosperity . No instance of U.S. and Western interference and engagement in Iran 's domestic affairs has ever resulted in better conditions for Iranians . Rather , their interference has always led to devastating results for Iran in the long run . U.S. officials are continuously expressing their concern for Iranians ' well-being under the Islamic republic ; the same as they also did during the rule of Iran 's last shah , Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi . However , U.S. officials should always remember `` people who live in glass houses should n't throw stones . ''
* Researcher , Middle East political and security analyst
Obit The world lost two astronauts this past weekend – one a moonwalker that you 've likely heard of , the other a pioneering spacewalker you might not know about .
Bye-bye , Alan Bean
Alan Bean , the fourth man on the Moon , passed away on 26 May , aged 86 . He is perhaps most famous for being the lunar module pilot ( LMP ) on the Apollo 12 lunar landing mission .
Bean was not the first choice . Clifton Curtis Williams , who along with Bean was on the back-up crew for Gemini 10 , was originally rostered for the flight .
However , following Williams ' death in a T-38 jet trainer accident , Bean was moved to the Apollo 12 prime crew from the Apollo Applications Program ( which would later spawn the Skylab space station ) .
The Apollo 12 launch was famously eventful . The Saturn V rocket was struck by lightning , knocking out telemetry 36 seconds after lift-off .
Using a combination of NASA engineer John Aaron 's quick thinking and Bean 's detailed knowledge of the command module , the Signal Conditioning Electronics ( SCE ) system was flipped to its auxiliary setting , restoring the flow of data . Ground engineers fretted about the effect of the lightning on the command module 's parachutes , but , in the absence of hard data , allowed the mission to proceed .
In contrast to the Apollo 11 mission , the second lunar landing was a more light-hearted affair . Bean attempted but failed to take a timed photo of himself and Commander Pete Conrad on the surface together . He also destroyed a television camera by accidentally pointing it at the Sun while on the surface .
While en-route back to Dick Gordon in the command module , Conrad allowed Bean , the lunar module pilot , to , er , actually pilot the lunar module .
Ultimately , the mission – which demonstrated near-pinpoint landing accuracy by setting down within walking distance of NASA 's old Surveyor 3 probe – was a success , though Bean was almost knocked out by a loose piece of equipment in the capsule upon re-entry .
After Apollo 12 , Bean went back to the Apollo Applications Program and flew the second crewed mission to the Skylab space station , following the repairs undertaken by the crew of his former commander , Pete Conrad .
Bean spent a record 59 days in space as part of the Skylab 3 mission before returning to Earth to serve as backup for Apollo 's last hurrah – the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project of 1975 .
Opting to leave NASA and free up places for other astronauts in the Space Shuttle program , Bean 's career took an unusual turn . He became a prolific painter , trying to capture a sense of `` what it was like '' while also creating pieces both celebratory and rueful , such as one featuring all three members of the Apollo 12 crew on the Moon entitled `` The Fantasy '' . His crew mate , Dick Gordon , was later slated for Apollo 18 but never flew in space again .
Bean added texture to his paintings through the use of lunar boot prints and fragments of his mission patches , contaminated with lunar dust . He could also be found on the lecture circuit , giving candid insights into his time at NASA . One such talk , recorded by Leo Bakker at a Space Lectures event , is below and well worth a listen .
Alan Bean speaking in Pontefract for Space Lectures in 2013
Bean 's passing leaves only four humans alive who have set foot on the Moon .
First Space Shuttle spacewalker , Don Peterson
Passing away the day after Bean , Peterson , 84 , waited a long time for his first spaceflight , having joined NASA in 1969 following the cancellation of the US Air Force Manned Orbiting Laboratory program .
Peterson served as part of the Apollo 16 support crew before moving on to the Space Shuttle program and finally flying on the first launch of Challenger , STS-6 .
The mission also sent NASA 's first Tracking Data and Relay Satellite into space . Unfortunately , a problem with the Inertial Upper Stage attach to the satellite left it stranded in the wrong orbit until engineers worked out a way of using the spacecraft 's thrusters to manoeuvre it to the desired geosynchronous location , where it remained before being finally decommissioned in 2010 and shifted to a graveyard orbit .
Peterson himself undertook the first scheduled spacewalk from a Space Shuttle following an aborted attempt on the previous mission due to a combination of crew illness and faulty spacesuits . For STS-6 , Peterson and fellow Mission Specialist Story Musgrave spent four hours and 17 minutes in the shuttle 's payload bay , testing tools and techniques for use on later missions .
After waiting nearly 15 years for his first mission , Peterson retired from NASA and followed the well-trodden path into aerospace consultancy . ®
Sponsored : Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
ISLAMABAD - Minister of State for Information , Broadcasting and National Heritage , Marriyum Aurangzeb has wished the nation a safe and happy 2017 .
She supplicated to Allah that he may shower his infinite blessings on the people of Pakistan and bestow upon each of us the wisdom and ability to work towards peace , prosperity and progress of Pakistan .
She said Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has driven an agenda that is catapulting Pakistan towards an economic turnaround and making great strides in the areas of energy , infrastructure , health and education .
Terrorism , she said is being thwarted and Pakistan , owing to the brave men and women of the military and armed forces are winning the war against terrorists and extremists . She hoped that 2017 will be a year , where , whilst respecting our differences , we unite and work towards a prosperous Pakistan .
Buffalo indie rockers Lemuria have been a pillar of the DIY touring circuit for well over a decade , but they have n't released a proper full-length album since 2013 's awesome The Distance Is So Big . That will change this Friday with the surprise release of a new LP called Recreational Hate . And if you 're one of the people who recently purchased a secret bundle from Lemuria 's web store this year , chances are you already have the album today .
Twice before the band has sold secret releases , which turned out to be a 12″ version of their original demo CD-R and a 7″ outtakes collection . But as they explained in a letter to fans who purchased this third secret record , they wanted to reward their most loyal supporters by giving them first crack at a new studio album . Until then , the rest of us will have to suffice with lead single “ Wanted To Be Yours , ” a brass-inflected track that paints this iteration of Lemuria as a peppy indie-pop cousin to Yo La Tengo . Hear it below .
Here 's the letter Lemuria sent to fans who unknowingly pre-ordered Recreational Hate :
Thanks to everyone who took a gamble and purchased the “ secret LP ” we put up for sale back in August . We 're excited to unveil that the LP you ordered is our new studio album , “ Recreational Hate ” . Your trust and subsequent purchase enabled us to achieve some great feats with this release , including working with the 4-time Grammy winning producer and engineer Chris Shaw . We chose to work with him , in part , for his very eclectic discography , including the Weezer “ Blue ” album , Bob Dylan , Leonard Cohen , Ice Cube , Wilco , Public Enemy , Modest Mouse , A Tribe Called Quest , Ween and Lou Reed . You also gave us the opportunity to launch Turbo Worldwide , our new record label and home base for all things Lemuria . As a “ thank you ” , you are receiving the LP approximately the same time as this announcement , 2 months before the album reaches the shelves of your local record store . A few years back , we thought it would be fun to place some very old songs ( our CD-R-only demo ) on an LP , and put it up for sale as a mysterious “ Secret ” release . Whoever bought this would n't know what they ordered until it arrived in the mail and they spun it on their record player . We held no expectations as to what the response would be , however it was overwhelmingly positive , and the folks who received this special item seemed to enjoy the fun and mystery as much as we did . We tried various iterations of this in years to come , and we noticed that , each time we did , it was a similar group of friends and supporters who jumped on the opportunity . It 's the same group of folks who tirelessly support our shows , support our releases , and are our motivating force that inspire us to keep actualizing our passion . We do n't , not even for a second , take this amount of trust and support for granted . As a thank you , when we were planning the release for “ Recreational Hate ” , we decided to go this secretive route once again in hopes that a similar investment from you would turn into an even bigger reward of a full-length studio album . These songs represent our next step forward . It has been a wild adventure for us to arrive
to this moment of releasing the album . Thank you for traveling with us . Love ,
Lemuria
Lemuria have some West Coast dates with Jeff Rosenstock and ROAR this winter :
02/15 Phoenix , AZ @ Rebel Lounge
02/16 Santa Ana , CA @ Constellation Room
02/18 Los Angeles , CA @ The Teragram Ballroom
02/22 San Francisco , CA @ Great American Music Hall
02/24 Santa Cruz , CA @ The Catalyst Atrium
Recreational Hate is will be streaming and available for digital purchase 12/15 via Turbo Worldwide/Asian Man Records/Big Scary Monsters . A physical version will follow in February around the time Lemuria 's tour kicks off .
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation , Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Aerostar Aspire Bronco C-MAX C-MAX Energi C-MAX Hybrid Contour Crown Victoria E-150 E-150 Econoline E-250 E-250 Econoline E-350 E-350 Econoline EcoSport Edge Escape Escort Excursion Expedition Explorer Explorer Sport Trac F-150 F-250 F-350 F-450 F250 F350 Fiesta Five Hundred Flex Focus Focus BEV Focus Electric Freestar Freestyle Fusion Fusion Energi Fusion Hybrid GT Mustang Probe Ranger Shelby GT500 Taurus Taurus X Thunderbird Transit Transit Connect Windstar ZX2 GO 1 . Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In ? Yes No 3 . Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information !
Back in 2001 , Ford released a special edition Mustang to commemorate the famous 1968 Steve McQueen film Bullitt . The 2001 Mustang Bullitt was styled more subtly than the regular Mustang GT but got improved handling and some extra power . In 2008 , Ford brought the Mustang Bullitt back following a similar formula . We 've also heard rumors for a while that Ford plans to offer a Bullitt version of the current Mustang , but it never materialized . That , however , may be about to change .
A few days ago , in the Facebook group “ Chicagoland Petrolheads and Car Spotters , ” member Tony Zaleski Jr. posted five photos of a Mustang that sure looks a lot like a Bullitt . It 's green , missing the GT 's rear spoiler , does n't have real plates , and best of all , it has a badge on the trunk that sure looks like the previous generation 's badge ( pictured below ) .
Zaleski says that , while setting up a trade show at one of the local hotels , he caught the car in the middle of a photo shoot . It reportedly had a police escort and was covered with a sheet until it got to the lower-level loading docks . Sure , this could be a one-off or limited edition that a local dealer created , but this level of attempted secrecy makes it much more plausible that Ford itself is responsible .
When we reached out to Ford for more information , the spokesperson told us , “ Sorry , not sure when any official information will be released. ” We do n't want to read too much into that response , but the wording sure does sound like a backhanded confirmation that the Mustang Bullitt is coming .
As the Detroit Auto Show gets closer , keep an eye out for possible leaks . For all we know , the 2019 Mustang Bullitt could be Ford 's big surprise for this year 's show . After all , 2018 will mark Bullitt 's 50th anniversary .
Source : Tony Zaleski Jr. via Facebook
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Asian shares were trying to string together a fourth session of gains on Tuesday as optimism about global growth looked set to outlast an almost certain hike in U.S. borrowing costs this week . A pedestrian stands to look at an electronic board showing the stock market indices of various countries outside a brokerage in Tokyo , Japan , February 26 , 2016 . REUTERS/Yuya Shino The latest upbeat news came from China where banks doled out a surprisingly generous dose of credit in November , which could bode well for a pickup in retail sales and industrial output due later in the week . MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS inched up 0.06 percent , having rallied for three days in a row . Australian stocks added 0.2 percent and Nikkei futures NKc1 pointed to a steady start after the index scored its highest close in 25 years on Monday . Wall Street had been led higher by technology and energy stocks , with Apple Inc ( AAPL.O ) making the biggest contribution . The Dow .DJI rose 0.23 percent , while the S & P 500 .SPX added 0.32 percent and the Nasdaq .IXIC 0.51 percent . There was no lasting market impact from an explosion in New York 's busy Port Authority commuter hub which New York Mayor Bill de Blasio described as an “ attempted terrorist attack. ” Investors continued their policy vigil with the Federal Reserve set to end its two-day meeting on Wednesday , while the European Central Bank meets on Thursday . JPMorgan Economist David Hensley suspects the Fed will revise up its growth forecast while trimming the outlook for the unemployment rate , potentially adding upside risk to the “ dot plot ” forecasts on interest rates . “ The dot plot previously called for three hikes in 2018 ; it is a close call whether this moves to four hikes , ” he warned , a shift that would likely boost the dollar but could bludgeon bonds . “ For its part , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) is likely to emphasize its low-for-long stance and continue to distance itself from the Fed , ” he added . “ The staff is likely to revise up its 2018 growth forecast , while we think the core inflation forecast will reveal an even slower recovery than before. ” RATES NOT EVERYTHING The divergence in Fed and ECB policy was supposed to be bullish for the dollar , given it had widened the premium offered by U.S. two-year yields US2YT=RR over German yields DE2YT=RR to 256 basis points from 188 basis points this time last year . The last time the spread was that plump was in 1999 . Yet the euro is currently up 12 percent on the dollar this year , while the dollar is down 8 percent on a basket of currencies .DXY - which just goes to prove that interest rate differentials are n't everything in forex . Early on Tuesday the euro was steady at $ 1.1775 EUR= having failed to clear resistance around $ 1.1812 overnight . The dollar was idling at 113.54 yen JPY= , just off a one-month top of 113.69 . Dealers at Citi noted interbank volumes in the forex market had been 35 percent below average overnight and another thin session was likely on Tuesday . There was rather more action in bitcoin , which touched a record peak of $ 17,270 on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP as its newly minted futures contract < 0 # XBT : > stretched as far as $ 18,850 . In commodity markets , gold remained out of favor at $ 1,242.78 an ounce XAU= having suffered its biggest weekly drop since May last week . Oil prices were firm on news of a temporary shutdown of a pipeline that carries the biggest volume of the five North Sea crude oil streams . Brent crude futures LCOc1 stood at $ 64.75 a barrel , after jumping $ 1.35 on Monday . U.S. crude futures CLc1 were off 2 cents in early trade at $ 57.97 a barrel .
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
ERIN , WIS.—One of the many quirks at Erin Hills is what was originally called the Bye Hole — a devilish , downhill par-3 positioned between the old ninth and No . 10 . It was initially built to be just for fun and was n't supposed to count on the official scorecard.By the end of the U.S. Open , a lot of these players might wish the course architects had kept it that way.The old ninth hole is now No . 8 , and the Bye Hole is now No . 9 . The 135-yard par-3 is what the makers of Erin Hills consider their answer to one of the world 's most picturesque golf holes — the short , downhill seventh at Pebble Beach. “ We did n't have the ocean , so we put in erosion bunkers , ” said writer/architect Ron Whitten , who helped design Erin Hills.They also designed a rolling , multi-sectioned green that , in places , is near-impossible to hold , along with a tee box on an exposed , wind-swept hill.Article Continued BelowAs is the case at Pebble Beach , where the seventh measures 109 yards , on most days the shot requires nothing more than a pitching wedge . But where No . 7 at Pebble Beach ranked as the third-easiest hole at the 2010 U.S. Open , No . 9 at Erin Hills is designed to cause more trouble than that. “ Honestly , there are a couple spots where you just do not want to be , ” said Garrett Osborn , a one-time regular on the Web.com Tour who qualified for his first U.S. Open this year.No . 9 has been described — and we 'll keep it just to the printable things — as the shortest par-5 in golf , the hole with the scariest second shot at Erin Hills ( if you miss the green on the first ) and , as Alex Noren of Sweden said , “ a hole where there 's no way you can just hit a decent shot to get on there , you have to hit a super-good shot to have a chance . ”
To the Editor :
I have known George Lovett for three decades . In that time , George has shown care for others and demonstrated that care through his service in the community .
In the Republican primary this spring , we will be voting for the candidate for state representative in the 80th Ohio House District . All the candidates are capable of the job , but we need to choose the one that will do the best job representing all of us . George is that person .
George has always been forthright and will not hesitate to communicate his thoughts . He will be our voice in Columbus to protect our values and beliefs .
When you cast your vote , I urge you to vote for George Lovett . He will serve all of us well at the statehouse .
— David O. Werts
Tipp City
PHUKET : The defrocked monk now held on drug charges and suspected of hacking to death a 17-year-old monk 's assistant at Wat Baan Don in August will have his case file sent to the Public Prosecutor today ( Oct 6 ) , police have confirmed .
The suspect , Khittisak Songkram , 38 , was a monk at the temple at the time of the murder , in the early hours of Aug 5 .
Full story : thephuketnews.com
Shela Riva
The Phuket News
Local historian Rita Swift is having a whale of time recounting the story of Sally the Dunstable witch .
The legendary sorceress was allegedly burned at the stake 600 years ago , with her malevolent spirit subsequently bottled and buried in Priory gardens .
It then turned out Sally was the invention of local headmaster A P Wire who was trying to shame the vicar into tidying up the churchyard . He penned an 81-verse poem about the Dunstable she-devil which became very popular , but which ultimately led to him having to resign .
Rita , a 78-year-old grandmother-of-two and vice president of the South Beds Association of National Trust Members , said : “ Although the story is fiction , maybe there was a Sally many lifetimes ago who wanted to come back and just needed the right connection – stranger things have happened .
“ We first met by accident in 2003 when I was doing some research at the library . An article popped up on Dunstable Gazette microfilm about Sally the Dunstable witch and I 'd never heard of her .
“ I asked around and was told it was only a poem , but several elderly friends remembered their grandmothers warning them not to go to the churchyard at night as the witch was buried there and watching . ”
Rita learned there was a copy of the original poem in Luton Musem , together with A P Wire 's notebook .
She wrote an article for the local History Society newsletter and the poem was republished for the official reopening of Priory House . Dunstable Library asked if they could put it on their website and The Vine magazine made a similar request . In 2009 a variation on the saga was included in a book of Luton Poems and Dunstable Town Guides included her in their ghost walks .
Now the Queen can read about Sally too – she was given a presentation copy of the The Dunstable Timeline during her recent visit .
Rita has shared the story on radio and given numerous talks on the subject . She has also been asked to provide background information for a new film on the mythical character – Trapped Magic : The Broken Blade .
“ I thought we 'd laid Sally to rest , ” Rita smiled . “ But it looks like her story is just beginning . For a fictitious witch , she 's having a great time – I 'm sure she was waiting for me to find her . ”
Or are they ? Honestly , by the time the movie reaches its jaw-dropping , eye-rolling , crazily momentous yet weirdly arbitrary semi-conclusion , it 's hard to say . Maybe I 've said too much already . Would it be better if , rather than describing what happens on-screen , I simply described the reactions of the other people in the theater ? Is it safe to mention the gasps of shock and the screams of `` No ! '' that rippled through the crowd as we neared the two-and-a-half-hour mark ? Or should I take a page from Vin Diesel and translate all my plot summary into Groot ?
He gave Indian cinema gems like Masoom , Mr. India and Bandit Queen , before setting out to chase his dreams and desires in the international film world . Now pining to make a movie in his home country , Oscar nominated filmmaker Shekhar Kapur says his `` big dream '' in life is to make a movie series on Hindu deity Lord Krishna.He said , on a break from his shoot of a Bruce Lee biopic that he 's helming , Kapur reluctantly spilled the beans about his next India project . `` I definitely want to make an Indian film , but I do n't want to talk about it too much , '' he said initially.What 's the subject ? `` Well , it 's bigger than a subject ... It will consume me for the rest of my life , '' he said , still not giving out what it really is.At the end of the tete-a-tete over his Bruce Lee film Little Dragon , his TV series Will on William Shakespeare , the changing economics of the film business and the Indian showbiz , Kapur finally opened up . `` It 's Krishna . It 's my big dream to make a series of films on the life of Krishna . In today 's context , the story of Krishna is really very important , '' the 71-year-old revealed in the chat ahead of the festival of Krishna Janmashtami . `` Krishna is a lover , he is a warrior , he 's eternal ... Imagine being able to tell teachings of the Bhagvad Gita ... To put all of that together ... That moment when Krishna is revealing his truth out to Arjun on the battlefield of Kurukshetra when Arjun is unwilling to let go of the bow and arrow . To be able to put that on screen will be incredible . Anyway , we will talk about that later , '' he said , heaving a sigh of hope that this project will come alive in due time.His inclination towards Krishna as a subject becomes evident if one scrolls through his tweets , which often find a mention of the deity.The last time we heard , Kapur had to scrap his plans to make his ambitious movie Paani -- on water scarcity -- in India . He was to make it under the Yash Raj Films banner with actor Sushant Singh Rajput , but it did n't materialise . There has been talk that he will now make the film in Hollywood . `` It 's happening ... The project has not fallen through . It just did n't get made with YRF for so many reasons ... But the script is there , and the topic is so relevant . It has to get made , '' said Kapur , known internationally for movies like Elizabeth , The Four Feathers and Elizabeth : The Golden Age.Elizabeth , a biographical film on Queen Elizabeth I of England 's life , won the prestigious BAFTA Award , leading the western world to take Kapur 's vision as a filmmaker more seriously.Reflecting upon his shift to international cinema , Kapur said : `` I just wanted to tell different stories . Now it 's changing in Indian cinema ... But I remember when I went , everybody ( here ) was trying to tell those few limited stories that they could raise money for . I remember the money for Bandit Queen did n't come from India . So I went out . `` It gave me the opportunity to tell different stories . That was n't possible here , so I left . But I 'll come back . `` He hopes the Indian film industry accepts the globally changing economics of movie business . `` Some years ago , I started an internet company called Qyuki based on the absolute certainty that the business is going to change . And the business has changed the world over . It 's all going to go digital . Theatre business is going to be a very special segment , '' he said , pointing out how OTT platforms like Amazon and Netflix are changing the game . `` And we ( in India ) have a very interesting business plan -- we have only about 9,000 or 11,000 screens in India . How long can you go on making films for those screens in ( majorly ) four languages ? How can you do that ? It 's a wrong business plan . `` But , if you look at smartphones , there are about 800 million .... So which platforms are you going to make films for , '' he questioned , adding that eventually , moviemaking is all about storytelling . `` Everybody here is just trying to make films for 11,000 screens . `` Kapur stressed on the importance of making content `` for the largest audience that you can manage to get '' . `` The business plan has to go that way . The business and economics are changing , and people need to get a little more aware of it . `` People keep talking about the great rise of Indian cinema . But actually , the great rise of Indian cinema will happen now that we understand that it 's not just the theatricals . ''
The year marks the 50th anniversary of the iconic Monterey International Pop Festival , and what better way to celebrate than with another festival ! A three-day event will take place at the Monterey County Fairgrounds from June 16th to 18th – marking exactly 50 years to the day and spot of the original 1967 festival .
Among the confirmed participants : Regina Spektor , Father John Misty , My Morning Jacket 's Jim James , Kurt Vile & The Violators , Norah Jones , Dr. Dog , Gary Clark Jr. , and The Head of the Heart .
Several musicians who played the original festival will also make a return visit , including Phil Lesh of the Grateful Dead , Eric Burdon & The Animals , and Booker T .
Lou Adler , one of the original Monterey Pop founders who co-produced the 1967 festival alongside John Phillips of The Mamas & the Papas , helped in the curation of the revival festival . 3-day and VIP passes go on sale Friday , April 21st at 10:00 a.m. PT .
Like many of you , I have been highly focused on end-of-year budgeting and planning leading into January 2017 . One of our core values is to hold a Strategic Action Planning ( SAP ) team meeting every year . I choose the leaders who will be at the table by determining their influence on our culture . Title is not as important as adherence to our values and our core operating processes that ultimately fulfill the expectation of value to our partners and clients .
One of the anticipated agenda items of our SAP is the “ Mind of the Market. ” We have a consultant compile a snapshot of the emerging trends within our ecosystem including the opportunities , challenges and risk of the C-Suite within our clients . Starting with this overall view of the business we then look at the behaviors of the vendors within the marketplace including consultants , integrators and technology vendors ( manufacturers ) . Are they helping to address these opportunities , challenges and risks ? If so , how ?
Why is this necessary ? Because we live in an evolving security business landscape . Without having a core discipline around innovation and change , we will be slow to adapt . Given this , a new definition of ‘ ‘ trusted advisor '' is needed ; one that can help the client see the reality of their situation . This would include identifying the waste and the opportunity as well as the strategic imperatives that will create value for the organization .
I want to share with you what we shared with our team .
The CEO wants a strategic dashboard around risk and a highly optimized and leveraged program for its mitigation that creates competitive advantage . The security executives now live in a sensor-driven world . Some call it IoT ; the Internet of Things or , in some cases , the Internet of Everything . The bottom line : we can capture information through these sensors , but someone must be able to create a model for how that data gets translated into actionable intelligence . The security sensors must be protected from a breach . We call this the security of security . This must include a response from the entire value chain starting with the manufacturer of the device , and the integration and support of that device to keep it from becoming a liability . There is no business model for this , but there is a cost and risk for not having one . The outsourcing of infrastructure , analytics and knowledge to optimize the security program and , more importantly , allow it to invest in advanced threat analysis and resilience . We call this managed services . And it is much more than a hosted application in the cloud . The convergence of the vendor ecosystem through security risk management services ( SRMS ) creating a new category of service provider .
These imperatives must be turned into working groups that will include internal and external stakeholders . What we do know , is that enterprise security executives do not need products or integration . They need actionable measurable outcomes based on their imperatives . They need to be confident that there is a methodology to advance these outcomes based on a path to value and key performance indicators ( KPIs ) . These can be turned into service level agreements so that the SRMS vendor is aligned with the organization 's imperatives . This is a new model , anchored by outcomes that are not being achieved today . Welcome to 2017 !
Fort Myers police need help identifying 7-Eleven robbery suspect
The Fort Myers Police Department is attempting to identify a person wanted in connection to a 7-Eleven robbery investigation .
According to police , the store at 2265 Colonial Boulevard was bobbed on December 4 . The suspect in the surveillance photo walked into the store and told the clerk he had a weapon .
After taking cash from the register they fled eastbound towards Solomon Boulevard on foot .
He is described as a male , approximately 50 years of age with scruffy salt and pepper facial hair , last seen wearing a black hooded sweatshirt , black baseball cap with white logo , gray jeans , and black sneakers .
If you know this person 's identity , police ask you to forward any information to Detective Daniel Morency at 239-321-7741 or [ email protected ]
MORE : Florida officer who saved Pulse shooting victim losing job
Writer : WINK News
For the first time in the Challenge Cup 's history , the semi-finals will be staged as a “ five-hour feast of rugby league ” at the Macron Stadium , Bolton on Sunday , August 5 .
All the action will be broadcast live on the BBC at the 30,000-capacity stadium which is no stranger to rugby league having staged three World Club Challenge games and three international Test matches between 1998-2007 .
Ralph Rimmer with Jamie Jones-Buchanan .
Rugby Football League interim chief executive Ralph Rimmer , said : “ The Ladbrokes Challenge Cup is one of the most prestigious competitions in sport and the introduction of a semi-finals double header is a fantastic opportunity to showcase two of the biggest games of the year at one event .
“ The Dacia Magic Weekend , Ladbrokes Challenge Cup Final and the Betfred Super League Grand Final are all huge events in the sporting calendar and we know that they attract fans who do not regularly attend rugby league games . ”
Philip Bernie , head of TV Sport BBC , said : “ BBC Sport and the Rugby Football League have been working for some time on this innovative idea and we are delighted the semi-finals of the most famous cup competition in rugby league will be showcased in this way .
“ It will be a five-hour feast of rugby league on Sunday , August 5 , with that huge prize at stake – a Wembley final . ”
RFL chief executive Ralph Rimmer .
The first semi-final will kick off at 12.30pm with the second game kicking off at 2.45pm .
Throw those cowboy boots to the uncharted part of your closet—another year in Texas has come to an end .
SXSW 2018 brought us blockchain , immersive VR and AR journalism and a handy guide for how creatives should be navigating the jungle that is US politics . But focus on the future also gave way to issues we must tackle in the present . Time 's Up Advertising launched as the Me Too movement continues to lead industry conversation .
Here are some of our favorite take-home quotes from this year 's festival :
On a list of the worst things which could happen to you when on holiday , having your flight home cancelled is pretty near the top .
And in the last few weeks , hundreds of thousands of people have been affected by exactly that .
First it was Ryanair 's decision to cancel three quarter of a million of passenger journeys because of problems with pilots ' holidays .
All in all it 's not been a good time for budget airlines . But it 's been worse for their passengers - especially when they were also given incorrect information in terms of their consumer rights .
It 's hard to imagine the stress of all those stranded abroad - with work and family commitments dependent on their return .
However it 's surely only made worse when companies involved fail in their duties to customers . Ryanair cancelled flights between September and March next year due to staff shortages .
And scandalously for those stranded , it appears the airline did n't tell them of their full rights : getting peo- ple to agree to a refund rather than a flight home with an alternate airline .
It got so bad that the Civil Aviation Authority said Ryanair was “ not complying with the law ” by its failure to inform passengers of their rights to be brought home by a different airline .
Ryanair has since promised to ensure that all those affect- ed know their full rights , but this whole episode will leave many doubting the airline 's commitment to its customers .
Those booked with Monarch had it slightly better . The CAA chartered 30 planes to bring people back home , as it can step in and take control in the event of an airline 's collapse .
For those due to fly with Monarch in the future , they can claim on their travel insurance or their debit or credit card provider while package holidays will be Atol protected .
Without a doubt though , for many people , the idea of travelling with a budget air- line is now looking increasingly risky .
Send me your consumer queries at askalex @ which.co.uk
Wife of a slain head teacher of a Murang ' a secondary school Wednesday denied charges of killing her husband before the High Court in Murang ' a .
Alice Mugechi who is co-accused with Samuel Gitu together with others not before the court were accused of killing Samuel Muthee Mbogo , who was the principal of Gatunguru secondary school , on the night of May 12 and 13 at Gakurwe villagein Murang ' a East Sub county .
The two who were represented by Counsel Mwaniki Warima denied the charges before Justice Kanyi Kimondo .
The accused counsel prayed to the court to release the two on bond saying they have families to take care of .
Get breaking news on your Mobile as-it-happens . SMS ‘ NEWS ' to 22163
Warima also applied to be served with witness statements to prepare for case hearing , an application which was not objected by the prosecution .
Justice Kimondo directed the court to be served with probation reports of the two suspects saying after the report the court will be in a better position to determine if the two can be released on bond .
The Judge further ordered the defense counsel to be supplied to all documents he needs concerning the case .
The body of Gatunguru secondary school principal was found in the morning of May 13dumped in boot of his car .
Teachers from the region have been calling for hastening of investigations and court proceedings to establish the killers of the father of four .
The murder of the Gatunguru head teacher is a second in a span of less than two years after principal of Kiru Boys High school was killed and his body dumped in a coffee farm in November 2016 .
Where the wife Jane Mbuthi was arrested in connection to the killings and she has been in Lang'ata Women 's prison since then as her case is still pending in Kiambu High court .
Harold Backer made his plea in Victoria on Wednesday ; the Crown is seeking a 13-month jail sentence
A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud .
Harold Backer changed his plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $ 5,000 .
The three-time Olympian was previously facing two charges of fraud over $ 5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts .
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3 , 2015 , when he failed to return home after telling his family he was going out for a bike ride .
RELATED : Missing Olympian turns himself in to Victoria Police
The investment dealer surrendered to police in April 2017 and his whereabouts during that period of time has n't been explained .
Soon after he disappeared , financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after his investors received letters that concerned them .
The 55-year-old was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984 , 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games .
After his disappearance , police in Port Angeles , Wash. , said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer 's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria , a 90-minute trip away .
RELATED : Lawsuit seeks restitution from former Olympian
The guilty plea was entered by defence lawyer Joven Narwal on behalf of Backer , a thin , bearded man who was dressed in a grey pinstripe suit .
Crown attorney John Neal told Judge Carmen Rogers he is seeking a 13-month jail sentence and three years of probation for Backer . He also wants a no-contact order for five people who lost money as a result of Backer 's fraud .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
`` However , further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident , '' police said . `` At this stage , it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed . ''
In an email to members sent Monday , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced that the contract of CEO Dawn Hudson has been renewed through 2020 . The academy 's Board of Governors voted on the renewal at its regularly scheduled meeting on Tuesday , March 28 .
`` We are confident in Dawn 's leadership of the Academy , and fully support her as she leads a strong and dedicated team of more than 350 into our ninth decade , '' said Academy President Cheryl Boone Isaacs .
She and Isaacs have been the most public voices in moving the academy toward increased diversity , both before and after the 2015 and 2016 # OscarsSoWhite years .
`` Having the academy be representative of our industry , of our world at this time is really important to us , '' Hudson told The Times in 2014 . Last year , the academy invited the largest and most diverse group of film professionals to join its ranks .
Hudson 's renewal comes after the controversy and media spotlight following this year 's Oscars telecast in which the incorrect best picture winner was mistakenly announced , leading to arguably the most confusing moment in the history of the ceremony . And plans for an academy museum have met with numerous delays .
Isaacs will be leaving her position later this summer when her fourth term as president ends . Hudson has been with the academy since 2011 .
The message sent to members added that the board is “ excited that Dawn will continue the Academy 's goals of globalization and inclusion , guide us towards the successful opening of an unprecedented movie museum , and lead us toward next year 's 90th Oscars . ”
ARCHITECTURE
Oh planning+design has promoted Caitlin McGehee to associate . She has seven years of professional experience , including contributions to education , health care , fire station and commercial projects . She has been with the firm for two years . McGehee has a bachelor 's degree in design and a master 's degree in architecture from Kansas State University .
Please send your announcements for DJC People to djcpeople @ djcOregon.com .
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC 's `` Megyn Kelly Today . ''
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades .
Photo : The White House
The White House called the claims false and `` totally disputed in most cases . '' It said `` the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes . ''
One of the accusers , Rachel Crooks , called the White House statement `` laughable . ''
Crooks said of sexual misconduct : `` I think politicians seem to be immune to this . ''
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump 's victory . `` We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there , to try to show America who this man is , and especially how he views women , for them to say , 'Meh , we do n't care , ' it hurt . ''
The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior . They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business , media , and politics , for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again .
`` The environment 's different , '' Holvey said . `` Let 's try again . ''
Congress leader Renuka Chowdhury on Tuesday alleged that casting couch culture existed in the Parliament too and there have been occasions when her dignity has been lowered.Her remark came just hours after ace choreographer Saroj Khan said that casting couch culture was a way of “ livelihood ” in the film industry . “ It 's not just in the film industry . It happens everywhere and is the bitter truth . Do n't imagine that Parliament or other workplaces are immune to it , ” Chowdhury said , adding that it was the bitter truth.Chowdhury , however , equated casting couch to sexual harassment at the workplace and dragged Prime Minister Narendra Modi into the controversy . “ When the PM makes a derogatory statement against me in Parliament , he is taking away my dignity as a woman , ” she said. “ When the PM insults women in parliament , when Kiren Rijiju uploads objectionable videos , it 's derogatory towards me , ” she added.The Congress leader was referring to the joke Modi had made about her laughter in Rajya Sabha around two months ago , saying that it reminded her of a certain character from Ramayana . The statement met thunderous applause from BJP MPs , including Amit Shah.That certain character was the sister of Ravana , Soorpanakha , Rijiju and BJP IT cell had later said on Twitter . Naidu had once earlier asked Chowdhury to lose weight and make efforts to increase the weight of her party.Chowdhury further called for India to “ stand up ” and put the onus of actions on men . “ It 's not the time to say Me too but to say You too , ” she said , referring to the global movement where women have come out against sexual predators.Veteran choreographer Saroj Khan had earlier in the day stirred a controversy by defending the casting couch culture . `` Casting couch provides a livelihood . Taking advantage of a girl is done with her consent . Women are not sexually abused and dumped . They are given livelihood , '' she said .
Over in the other doc , David Bowie , 69 and about to die of cancer , lies on a bed shooting his final video , for “ Lazarus. ” A tensor bandage decorated with two tiny , button eyes is wrapped around his face . The camera shoots him from above as he judders and reaches toward the sky .
The image on his black T-shirt is da Vinci 's famous Vitruvian Man ; only the man is playing guitar . Young sports a red band on his right wrist that may be some sort of carpal tunnel guard . Scruffy hair hangs under his hat . His sideburns are white , his jowls prominent . When he gets to the chorus — “ I need someone to love me the whole day through ” — he hits the falsetto , but it 's a strain ; his face is screwed up tight .
Sitting on a bare-bones stage in Coronation Hall in Omemee , Ont. , in front of a fairy-light-covered tree hung with various hats , Neil Young , age 72 , plays guitar and sings , “ Old man , look at my life , I 'm a lot like you were . ”
I flipped between these two shows on Sunday night . I 've been a lifelong fan of both musicians . But I found myself wondering , if aliens who knew nothing about Young or Bowie tuned into either one midshow , they might wonder why anyone was captivated by these grizzled , ghostly men with their clearly strained voices .
If they stuck around , I think they 'd see why . Young and Bowie took wildly different paths : Bowie was elegant , worldly , a shape-shifter ; Young is unchanging , unconcerned with appearance . He plays a patched guitar . His piano was 100 years old when he bought it in 1970 ; it was burned in a fire and the bottom is charcoal .
But both men ended up at the same place : resilient authenticity . They stayed true to themselves . They meant everything they did and we could feel that they meant it .
“ At a certain time in your life you get to a point where you do feel freer and you do n't really care what people think , and you can laugh at yourself , ” Bowie 's bassist , Gail Ann Dorsey , says in Bowie 's doc . We 're lucky they shared/are sharing that time with us .
Neil Young : Home Town aired on CTV . David Bowie : The Last Five Years aired on TMN , is available on demand and will be rebroadcast in January . Johanna Schneller is a media connoisseur who zeroes in on pop-culture moments . She usually appears Tuesday and Thursday .
( Removes typo in headline , clarifies Sinclair appointed to Provident not Lloyds )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Lloyds Banking Group Plc :
* LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC - ‍STUART SINCLAIR , AN INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF LLOYDS , WILL BE APPOINTED INTERIM CHAIRMAN OF PROVIDENT FINANCIAL ( NOT LLOYDS ) ​
* LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC - ‍ SINCLAIR WILL STEP DOWN FROM HIS POSITION AS SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF PROVIDENT FINANCIAL PLC WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Lawrence White )
Multiple Myeloma is a cancer that few people have ever heard of , and that 's something the annual Kelowna Myeloma march is working to change .
Better monitor your health with an A.I.-powered smart scale .
When you 're on the path to getting fit or simply maintaining your health , you need a scale that goes beyond just giving you your body weight . If you 're looking to lose fat , you 'll want to know your body fat percentage and Body Mass Index . If you 're looking to gain muscle , you 'll want to track your body 's muscle mass . If you want all that along with a complete look at your body 's health , you want Adore , the world 's smartest A.I.-powered scale .
It 's a gorgeous-looking smart scale that provides a full picture of your health by measuring nine different body vitals such as weight , visceral fat , muscle mass , Body Mass Index ( BMI ) , body fat , protein , bone density , body water , and Basal Metabolic Rate ( BMR ) . All this information is processed in the DynoLife app , available for iOS and Android devices , which analyzes the data and translates it into real-time coaching tips to help you meet your health goals and build healthy habits . The Adore will also sync up with data from your Fitbit and Apple Health Kit , with support for an unlimited number of users so the entire family can use it . You should expect up to a year of usage off of just 4 AA batteries , so there 's no need to keep it plugged in or recharge it .
The Adore will retail for $ 138 , but you can save 42 % by backing this Kickstarter with a pledge of $ 79 . Thinking this might make an excellent gift for a fitness-focused family member or friend ? You can get two by pledging just $ 125 , giving you savings of well over 50 % . It 's a great deal on what looks to be a great health product . DynoSense also says they 're committed to providing outstanding support for their product , which includes adding more support for other fitness trackers and apps
This is the first Kickstarter campaign created by DynoSense Corp. , but the good news is they 've already well surpassed their goal of $ 30,000 . If you 've been considering getting a smart scale for some time now , you ca n't beat this deal . Occasionally we find some really cool Kickstarter projects that are so cool we feel the need to share them with our valued readers .
See Adore Smart Scale on Kickstarter
SIALKOT-Even after the passage of three weeks , the police of three stations remained failed to resolve the murder issue of Christian girl Tania Mariyam , resulting in protest by the community .
The police failure has forced the local Christian community to come on the roads in Sialkot to lodge protest against the police . The Sambrial police had found the body of Mandaahar-based Tania from Upper Chenab Canal ( UCC ) on January 23 , 2017 , and claimed that she had committed suicide by jumping in the canal .
The grieved family said that her brother Johnson Gill had dropped her to her school in that morning and after a few hours , the Sambrial police informed family that their daughter committed suicide by jumping in the canal .
Retreating from its earlier claim that the Christian girl , whose body was found in the canal , had committed suicide , the police finally registered a murder case .
Police have registered the case on the report of Tania Mariyam 's brother Johnson Gill under section 302 PPC . Earlier , the Sambrial police had said that the girl had committed suicide by jumping into the Upper Chenab Canal ( UCC ) near Sambrial on January 23 , 2017 .
According to the FIR , Johnson had dropped his 12-year-old sister at her school namely Convent of Jesus and Mary School Sialkot Cantt . Later , he received a phone call that her dead body was found from the Upper Chenab Canal ( UCC ) near Sambrial , as the police had claimed the student of 6th class committed suicide by jumping into the canal .
Now , the police have registered the murder case following the mounted pressure by the local protesting Christian community in this regard . The grieved family submitted a petition in the court for the exhumation of the grave to find out a clue about her mysterious murder .
Her father Nadeem Gill told newsmen that the police still remain unable to find out any clue to resolve the mystery . He alleged that his daughter was murdered by some unknown persons while the police said that she committed suicide .
He urged the police to bring the management of Convent of Jesus and Mary Sialkot Cantt under investigation . He also alleged that the police were adopting delaying tactics in providing justice . He feared that his daughters was kidnapped and killed by some unknown accused from her school and later they killed her and threw her body into the canal . He urged Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif to look into the matter for providing justice and relief for the grieved family .
Authorities hope the public will recognize a woman they suspect of stealing people 's wallets and using their identities to make fraudulent purchases .
According to the Glendale Police Department , the woman is said to be responsible for a series of thefts from restaurants in Glendale and Pasadena . The woman would reportedly use credit cards from the stolen wallets to purchase laptops .
Courtesy of the Glendale Police Department Authorities said the woman would use the stolen wallets to purchase expensive laptops Authorities said the woman would use the stolen wallets to purchase expensive laptops ( Courtesy of the Glendale Police Department )
She is described as being in her 20s or 30s with a medium to heavy build and long brown hair that 's occasionally dyed blue .
Anyone with information about the woman can contact Glendale police at ( 818 ) 548-4911 .
andy.nguyen @ latimes.com
Twitter : @ Andy_Truc
Gov . Kay Ivey 's office confirms she has signed a contract with Wexford Health Services to provide medical care to the Alabama Department of Corrections .
The 30-month contract , worth approximately $ 360 million , will cost more than the state 's previous health contract due to an increase in the number of people .
This is part of a requirement from the court order issued by Federal Judge Myron Thompson , who ordered the state to address its inadequate level of mental health care in 2017 .
Lawmakers have approved a supplemental appropriation adding $ 30 million to the ongoing year 's budget , most of which will go toward this contract . The state will also likely approve a budget this week increasing the DOC 's budget by $ 55 million this year . Again , most will go toward the medical contract with other money going toward hiring more DOC officers .
`` The contract and supplemental funding will increase clinical staffing levels by 25 percent and provide comprehensive mental and medical care through the state 's prison healthcare system , '' the DOC said in a statement .
The contract was initially held up by lawmakers , as there is some concern about Wexford being sued by the State of Mississippi as part of a bribery scheme that allegedly the DOC commissioner there .
Wexford is one of around a dozen companies being sued in Mississippi .
EDITOR 'S NOTE : This story has been updated to correct the contract length from 30 years to 30 months .
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News . All rights reserved .
New Delhi : The BJP on Monday questioned why it took the Congress over 48 hours to accept that a `` hush , hush '' meeting with the Pakistani envoy and a former Pakistani minister did take place at Mani Shankar Aiyar 's residence , attended by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , former vice-president Hamid Ansari and several Congress leaders .
`` Why has it taken 48 hours for Dr ( Manmohan ) Singh to accept that the meeting took place ? Why did the Congress leaders deny that on Sunday ? '' BJP spokesperson GVL . Narasimha Rao questioned in a tweet .
`` Why was this a 'hush hush ' meeting ? Why was the MEA ( Ministry of External Affairs ) India not in the loop ? Why do Congress leaders meet China and Pakistan envoys secretly ? '' he asked .
Rao 's remarks came soon after Manmohan Singh issued a statement accusing Prime Minister Narendra Modi of spreading `` falsehood and canards '' in a desperate bid to win the Gujarat elections and asked him to `` apologise to the nation '' .
In a hard-hitting statement , Manmohan Singh denied allegations by Modi that he and others invited to dinner at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar 's residence with Pakistani diplomats discussed the Gujarat election .
The statement follows Modi 's allegations at an election rally in Gujarat that guests at Aiyar 's house , including Singh and Ansari , discussed the Gujarat election with Pakistan 's High Commissioner to India and a former Pakistani Foreign Minister among others .
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons ( ICAN ) on Friday won the Nobel Peace Prize for its work to draw attention to the ‘ catastrophic humanitarian consequences ' of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons . The Nobel for the forum , which was instrumental in pushing through the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons ( TPNW ) in July this year has given fresh impetus to its partner organizations in India and Pakistan , both nuclear-armed states , to write to Prime Ministers Narendra Modi and Shahid Khaqan Abbasi to work towards eliminating their respective stockpiles.Since its inception , ICAN has partnered with 468 Non-governmental organization ( NGOs ) in 101 countries . It has three partner-organizations each in India — Indian Doctors for Peace and Development ( IPDP ) ; Indian Institute for Peace , Disarmament and Environmental Protection ( IIPDEP ) ; and Popular Education and Action Centre ( PEACE ) — and in Pakistan — Community Motivation & Development Organization ( CMDO ) ; Pakistan Doctors for Peace and Development ( PDPD ) ; and Alliance for Peace and Disability Rights ( APDR ) .Dr Arun Mitra , Ludhiana-based co-president of IDPD , told News 18 , “ Nobel Peace Prize is a recognition of constant efforts of the forces of peace who worked hard and became instrumental in getting the TPNW through in the UN General Assembly on July 7 , 2017 . The campaign was started nearly a decade ago , in which many peace organizations worked together ... It is now time that the nuclear weapon states come forward and sign the treaty. ” The Indian subcontinent , with two of the world 's eight nuclear-armed countries , has often been described as one of the most dangerous places in the world . While the eyes of the world are currently trained on the US-North Korea spat over the latter 's military nuclear program , rising tensions between India and Pakistan over the last year have also raised fears of a potential war. “ ICAN has partner organizations in 101 countries but those of us in India and Pakistan have a particularly difficult job to do . After all , we are operating out of nuclear-armed neighbor states that are at each other 's throats half the time . Our job is to lobby with two governments with nukes that distrust each other . That is why we have decided to co-author a letter with our friends in the PDPD , a Karachi-based organization , addressed to the Prime Ministers of both India and Pakistan . We plan to send the letter to both of them on Saturday , ” he said.The letter , a copy of which is with News 18 , reads , “ As medical professionals we are deeply concerned over the catastrophic health crises that would follow in the event of nuclear fallout . Indian Doctors for Peace and Development ( IDPD ) and Pakistan Doctors for Peace and Development ( PDPD ) both affiliates of International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War ( IPPNW ) , recipient of Nobel Peace Prize in 1985 have been campaigning for total nuclear disarmament , check on proliferation of small arms , solution to all the issues through mutual dialogue and end to violence of all kinds. ” The letter further appeals the Prime Ministers to focus , instead , on the large-scale poverty in both nations . It says , “ We are poor countries and need to cut down on the arms race significantly to improve the lifestyle including health and education of our people . It is therefore imperative that both Pakistan and India not only sign the treaty but also convince other nuclear weapon possessing countries to be part of this multilateral global effort for abolition of nuclear weapons. ” Currently , there are eight nations in the world that possess nuclear weapons . These are the United States of America , Russia , the United Kingdom , France , China , India , Pakistan and North Korea . Israel , too , is believed to possess nuclear weapons , though the middle-eastern nation has not officially declared such . India , Pakistan and North Korea are not signatories to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .India had refused to be a part of it in the 1960s , claiming the NPT regime to be discriminatory . India said it created a world of “ haves ” and “ have-nots ” . In 2006 , after a round of negotiations between then US President George W Bush and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , India decided to separate its civilian and military nuclear programs . Pakistan , too , has refused to become a part of the NPT.On Thursday , Indian Air Force ( IAF ) Chief BS Dhanoa had on Thursday assured the nation that “ if the need arises ” , the IAF had the capability to disarm Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal by conducting what he called a “ full-spectrum ” operation . This triggered an angry reaction from Pakistani Foreign Minister Khwaja Asif who in Washington on Friday warned that if India launched surgical strikes against Pakistan or targeted its nuclear installations , “ nobody should expect restraint from Islamabad ” .
The Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation says a body found in Webster County is that of a missing Fort Dodge woman .
The DCI says an autopsy confirmed the body found near Clare is 26-year-old Jessica Lyne Gomez . The Webster County Sheriff 's department said last week it was searching Gomez and 26-year-old Mackenzie Knigge of Clare .
Knigge was found last Thursday in Indiana and is now one of two people charged with first-degree murder in Gomez 's death . The other person charged is 25-year-old Phillip Williams of Lafayette , Indiana .
Williams and Knigge are being held in the Tippecanoe County Sheriff 's Office in Lafayette , Indiana waiting to be brought back to Iowa . No other details on the crime were released .
( Photo courtesy of the DCI )
When you think about the good that it can do for someone else , becoming a registered organ donor takes on a certain urgency and gravity . When you meet the families of those who donated their organs , you realize something else : Donating organs does not just offer a chance to prolong the life of the recipient , it prolongs the legacy of the donor as well .
As the Congress appeared set to win with a massive lead in Rajarajeshwari Nagar constituency , newly-elected Karnataka chief minister HD Kumaraswamy said on Thursday that the JD ( S ) was not concerned with the trends as his party only wanted the BJP to lose the Assembly seat , according to News9 .
While the Congress maintained the first position throughout the counting of votes , the JD ( S ) claimed the second spot . BJP 's Muniraju Gowda left the counting centre in Rajarajeshwari Nagar when his Congress rival Munirathna took a lead by over 45,000 votes . According to CNN-News18 , Gowda 's supporters then conceded defeat but there was no word from the BJP leader .
Kumaraswamy 's remark came against the backdrop of the inconclusive talks between the JD ( S ) and Congress over the candidature for the constituency .
While the Assembly elections across the state were held on 12 May , polling was held in Rajarajeshwari Nagar on 28 May . The Election Commission deferred the election in the constituency after about 10,000 `` genuine '' -looking voter IDs were recovered from a flat in the Rajarajeshwari Nagar .
Since the Congress-JD ( S ) formed a post-poll alliance to form the state government , they made attempts to hold talks to avoid fielding candidates against each other .
JD ( S ) leaders had reportedly urged the Congress to support its candidate GH Ramachandra in Rajarajeshwari . However , The Hindu reported that Congress ' Munirathna had refused to “ remain silent ” over the demand and decided to fight the elections . The JD ( S ) had decided that if the Congress gave in to their demand for support in RR Nagar , then it would not campaign for its candidate in Jayanagar . Elections were postponed in Jayanagar following the death of sitting BJP MLA from the constituency BN Vijayakumar .
Congress leader DK Shivakumar and Kumaraswamy were to take a final call on the issue of candidature . `` The Congress party has made a big sacrifice in forming the coalition government ( in the state ) and the JD ( S ) should acknowledge that by supporting our candidate , '' Deccan Herald had quoted Shivakumar as saying . However , the two parties did not enter into any pact and went their own way to contest for the Assembly seat .
Click here to follow LIVE updates on the by election 2018 results
Only 7,100 Cheetahs Left In The World , Study Finds
January 1st , 2017 by James Ayre
There are now only 7,100 cheetahs ( Acinonyx jubatus ) left in the world , according to a new study from the Zoological Society of London , Panthera , and the Wildlife Conservation Society .
The causes ? The same ones as always — habitat loss and fragmentation , the “ pet ” trade , desertification ( often driven by deforestation ) , and the over hunting of prey species .
The new study also found that the cheetah has now been driven out of 91 % of its historic range , and that there are now fewer than 50 of the Asiatic cheetah left in the world , all clustered in one isolated portion of Iran .
As a result of the findings , the researchers behind it are calling for the cheetah 's status on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species to be upgraded to “ Endangered ” from “ Vulnerable. ” They are also calling for extensive international efforts to be made to prevent the extinction of the animal . Without “ an urgent paradigm shift in cheetah conservation ” — landscape-level efforts that go beyond national borders — the species will likely go extinct within the lifetime of many of those reading this .
What this would mean in practice of course is just that the extant cheetah would join its convergent-evolution “ relative , ” the American Cheetah , in extinction . ( For more on this , see : 10 Extinct Animals Of The Last 100 Years , And Before . ) Yet another loss for the world though , not something to be celebrated .
The extinction would , after all , mean the absolute end of the world 's fastest living land animal .
The press release provides more : “ To make matters worse , as one of the world 's most wide-ranging carnivores , 77 % of the cheetah 's habitat falls outside of protected areas . Unrestricted by boundaries , the species ' wide-ranging movements weaken law enforcement protection and greatly amplify its vulnerability to human pressures . Indeed , largely due to pressures on wildlife and their habitat outside of protected areas , Zimbabwe 's cheetah population has plummeted from 1,200 to a maximum of 170 animals in just 16 years — representing an astonishing loss of 85 % of the country 's cheetahs . ”
That speed of extirpation is more or less what we can expect to see in most regions without significant changes to conservation strategies .
Dr Sarah Durant , ZSL/WCS lead author and Project Leader for the Rangewide Conservation Program for Cheetah and African Wild Dog , stated : “ This study represents the most comprehensive analysis of cheetah status to date . Given the secretive nature of this elusive cat , it has been difficult to gather hard information on the species , leading to its plight being overlooked . Our findings show that the large space requirements for ( the ) cheetah , coupled with the complex range of threats faced by the species in the wild , mean that it is likely to be much more vulnerable to extinction than was previously thought . ”
Durant continued : “ We have worked with range state governments and the cheetah conservation community to put in place comprehensive frameworks for action to save the species , but funds and resources are needed to implement them . The recent decisions made at the CITES CoP17 meeting in Johannesburg represent a significant breakthrough particularly in terms of stemming the illegal flow of live cats trafficked out of the Horn of Africa region . However , concerted action is needed to reverse ongoing declines in the face of accelerating land use changes across the continent . ”
While the cheetah 's situation is unique in some ways , it is not truly that different from the circumstances of a great many other animals now in the world , with regard to rapidly declining population numbers and range extent . Most of the world 's large animals are likely to go extinct within the next century without major and fundamental changes being made to structure of modern culture and behavior .
The findings of the new study are detailed in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Keep up to date with all the most interesting green news on the planet by subscribing to our ( free ) Planetsave newsletter .
When Aaron Bieber bought a pickup , he raised a few eyebrows .
`` I 'm a software engineering manager who works in Boston , I ride the train every day , and I go buy a pickup truck , '' he said . `` And my whole family is surprised about it . ''
But Bieber , who bought a 2011 Nissan Frontier from a CarMax dealership , is not alone .
American families and workers are piling into pickups at a feverish rate , and automakers are responding with innovations and comfortable design packages that translate directly into profits .
The current Ranger that Ford sells in many international markets is well-regarded for its off-road ability . Expect the new U.S. Ranger to be a revamped version of this one .
Ford Motor Company
At the North American International Auto Show earlier this year , General Motors , Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler all showed off new pickups :
•Ram 1500 : Fiat Chrysler is introducing a new version that is nearly 225 pounds lighter and more aerodynamic for better fuel economy yet capable of handling higher payloads .
•Ford Ranger . The midsize pickup returns to the Ford lineup for the first time since it was discontinued in 2011 . It will come with a turbocharged engine option and 10-speed transmission . Unlike the F-150 full-size truck , Ranger will be aimed at `` a little more of an urban customer '' who may use it for weekend fun , said Raj Nair , Ford 's president for North America .
•Chevrolet Silverado . The 2019 version of the truck was unveiled at a splashy event by GM . It will come in eight different versions for different kinds of pickup buyers .
More : The latest from the 2018 Detroit Auto Show
The trio of new pickups underscores the industry 's heavy reliance on tried-and-true models that continue to pay the bills , enabling companies to invest in futuristic but costly self-driving technology and advanced electric vehicles .
What 's hot at the 2018 Detroit Auto Show The new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado is one of the most anticipated new vehicles to be shown . So far , Chevy has released a couple photos of it , but has n't disclosed key details . 01 / 10 The new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado is one of the most anticipated new vehicles to be shown . So far , Chevy has released a couple photos of it , but has n't disclosed key details . 01 / 10
Sales still rising
Americans ca n't get enough . U.S. pickup sales rose 4.8 % in 2017 to 2.69 million , according to Kelley Blue Book , resisting the overall industry 's 1.8 % decline after a record overall 2016 .
More : 12 must-see cars , trucks and SUVs coming to Detroit 's Auto Show
More : Is a new Ford Mustang Bullitt GT coming to the Detroit auto show ?
They are being snapped up by buyers like Bieber , who said he drove a BMW coupe when he was `` a young dotcom guy and single . ''
But those days are over . After getting married , having a baby and moving to the Boston suburbs , he needed something with the practicality of a hatchback he owned recently .
`` I got a lot of utility out of the extra space , and I thought , 'Why stop there ? ' `` Bieber said .
He soon found himself diving into online automotive research , absorbing the ins and outs of crew cabs , bed styles and interior creature comforts .
`` One thing that surprised me is the huge range of price , '' he said . `` You can spend an awful lot on a pickup truck . ''
That you can . For example , the average sale price of Ford 's F-series pickup — the most popular model in the U.S. — hit a record $ 47,800 in December , Ford U.S. sales chief Mark LaNeve said .
Pickup prices have soared in part because buyers want their vehicles outfitted with the same types of features as high-end sedans and crossovers , such as soundproofing and a slick interior .
`` I remember testing the Chevy Silverado , and I was towing an empty horse trailer and I could n't hear the rattle , '' Kelley Blue Book analyst Rebecca Lindland said . `` It was amazing . ''
Automakers have also responded with luxury variants of their bread-and-butter pickups , including GM 's GMC Sierra Denali , Ford 's F-150 King Ranch and Fiat Chrysler 's Ram Limited Tungsten .
And for good reason : Automakers need pickups to pay the bills . The F-series , for example , is widely understood to deliver the lion 's share of Ford 's profits in a given year .
The average GM pickup truck was raking in a profit of about $ 11,000 in 2016 , according to Citigroup analyst Itay Michaeli , while the average GM SUV or crossover was turning a profit of $ 500 to $ 1,000 . The average passenger car was losing a few hundred dollars .
It 's just not just a sandbox for the Detroit Big 3 automakers . Foreign brands are grabbing a piece of the pie , as well .
Toyota 's full-size Tundra and midsize Tacoma pickups have the most loyal following in the business , according to CarGurus . Nissan is likely to redesign the Frontier soon . And Honda 's new Ridgeline won the 2017 North American Truck of the Year Award .
Even Silicon Valley automaker Tesla , known for its ultraluxury electric vehicles , is set to get into the mix . CEO Elon Musk recently reiterated that he 's `` dying to build it . ''
`` I promise that we will make a pickup truck , '' he pledged in a tweet last month , saying he has `` had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost 5 years . ''
Midsize boom
GM 's introduction of midsize pickups , the Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon , several years ago proved to be savvy timing , putting to rest any fears they would swipe market share away from full-size pickups . Ford is now playing catch-up with its plans to resuscitate the Ranger .
Sandor Piszar , director of Chevy truck marketing , said buyers of midsize trucks are different from buyers of full-size pickups .
“ The person buying a midsize is n't settling because they ca n't afford a full size , ” Piszar said . “ They are usually a little more urban , a little younger — looking for something that works 9 to 5 and something that enables the lifestyle on the weekend . ”
Midsize trucks have become part of “ work and recreation , ” Ford truck marketing manager Brian Bell said . Owners “ work all week , then use this truck to go out where they go climbing and hiking . ”
Pickup tradition
Despite the influx of lifestyle buyers , the American tradition of towing , hauling and offroading with a gritty full-size pickup is going strong .
One factor currently driving pickup sales is the flourishing economy . With the housing sector in good shape , the job market at essentially full employment and interest rates still relatively low , the mix is right for strong pickup sales .
About 40 % of pickup truck owners say they are “ not at all likely ” to switch brands with their next purchase , according to CarGurus .
“ Whether there are ups or downs in the economy , you can count on the core group of buyer who needs to have a pickup truck , ” Piszar said .
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey and Chris Woodyard on Twitter @ NathanBomey.and @ ChrisWoodyard
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Jeffrey Bernard : columnist famed for his wit and his absence PICTURE : Newsfocus
Ill health no excuse for modern-day columnists
WHEN I was writing a weekly column for the Racing Post I sometimes thought it would be amusing to leave the space blank apart from the following – `` Sorry , nothing this week . '' To my surprise , no one else at the Post seemed to think it was a good idea . I thought readers might like it .
When Jeffrey Bernard was writing for The Sporting Life in 1970 and 1971 ( there was n't a 1972 as he 'd been fired ) a note sometimes appeared reading `` Jeffrey Bernard is ill . It is hoped that his column will be resumed shortly . '' I 'm surprised more columnists are n't ill more often .
Later , when Bernard wrote a column called Low Life for the Spectator , a slightly different note would appear reading `` Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell . '' It tended to be alcohol that made him ill and more alcohol that made him unwell . Whatever Bernard 's state of health , delivery of his copy tended to be sporadic although frequently funny when it did arrive .
Miles Kington , then literary editor of Punch , once commissioned a book review from Bernard . The result was that Kington eventually felt obliged to pen a short letter reading , `` Dear Jeffrey , Are you going to write the * * * * * * * article or are n't you ? '' It worked because the next day Bernard handed in his copy . `` Good letter , Miles '' he said . `` That 's what I call real editing . ''
What made it particularly satisfying was that the article was new , unlike the occasion when the Spectator carried a note from the editor reading , `` Jeffrey Bernard 's column does not appear this week as it bears a remarkable similarity to the one we printed last week . ''
I sympathise with Bernard on that one because as time and columns pass it gets increasingly difficult to remember what you 've written before . Admittedly , in Bernard 's case it had only been a week ago but there would have been a lot of vodkas in the meantime .
The Sporting Life used to run a column called Lifestyles , with a set series of questions for racing figures . In 1990 , having interviewed Bernard a few months earlier in his home from home , the Coach and Horses pub in Soho , I approached him for a lifestyle . To my surprise he agreed and to my amazement his responses appeared , typed on what must have been an old typewriter , awash with typing mistakes but spasmodically very funny . I kept the original for years but along with rather a lot of other things it 's long since gone .
Now that Bernard has gone ( 1997 ) columns by all sorts of writers keep appearing with barely any absenteeism on the grounds of ill health . Columnists are frightened that someone else will take over . In the case of Melanie Reid , whose column appears in The Times every Saturday , even a horse riding accident that left her a tetraplegic has failed to stop her . She puts Bernard to shame , not that he could be shamed .
Anyway , I 'm not able to do a column today so you 'll have to work Tuesday 's racing out for yourself .
Rick DeMont 's retirement as head coach of the University of Arizona men 's and women 's teams set into motion the biggest coaching changes of the summer among the top programs . Unsurprisingly , former Arizona assistant Augie Busch left the University of Virginia head coach job to slide into DeMont 's spot , a job which Augie 's father Frank once held . After weeks of further speculation , Virginia hired NC State associate head coach Todd DeSorbo to become the new head coach in Charlottesville .
Both men inherit programs that have floundered in recent years . In Arizona , Busch will have his work to cut out to reverse a three-year decline . Both the men 's and women 's teams had finished in the top ten at NCAAs as recently as 2014 , but the men placed 24th and the women placed 16th this past year . Adding insult to injury , the Wildcats ' main rivals , Arizona State , has emerged as an up and coming program after hiring the famous Bob Bowman two years ago .
In Charlottesville , DeSorbo will be dealing with something more of a mixed bag . The women 's team continued to thrive under Busch , recording top five finishes at NCAAs and ACC victories , as the now-graduated Leah Smith emerged as a world-class distance freestyler . The men have not faired nearly as well , facing a host of transfers out of the program , well-publicized suspensions after a hazing incident , and an inability to draw top-ranked recruits , culminating in a rock-bottom finish at NCAAs this past March , as the Cavaliers failed to score a single point .
Given the two recent hires and the trajectories , which of the three programs – Arizona men , Arizona women , Virginia men – is most likely to make it back into the top ten at NCAAs first ?
Arizona Men
Of our the three teams we 're discussing , the Arizona men have fallen the furthest . Frank Busch led stars like Darian Towsend , Albert Subirats , and Marcus Titus to a NCAA championship in 2008 . That squad also included Cory Chitwood , who the younger Busch is now bringing with him to Arizona an assistant . The program continued to develop star power for a while , as Kevin Cordes crushed NCAA records under both Eric Hanson and DeMont , but has n't had the same level of swimmer the past few years .
The Wildcat men only return three individual point scorers this year : Chatham Dobbs , Chris Weiser , and Justin Wright . Another who picked up individual points , Blair Bish , transferred to Missouri State in the wake of DeMont 's retirement .
Meanwhile , of the five men we have noted as committing to Arizona as incoming freshmen this year , only one of them is really a sprinter , so Busch is really going to have to dig deep to find the pieces to rebuild the sprint relays that are such a a big part of scoring at NCAAs .
Arizona Women
The situation for the Arizona women is a little more complicated . Their 16th place finish at NCAAs last year was the best of any of these three programs . While their incoming class is relatively small , they do bring in several sprinters who are already close to the times needed to score points at NCAAs , and at the very least , should help out on the Wildcat relays . On the hand , the spate of transfers that occurred this spring and summer will probably hurt the women more . Those transfers include Kennedy Lohman , their best breastroker , and Annie Ochitwa , who swam on four point-scoring relays at 2017 NCAAs .
Virginia Men
While Virginia men never had quite the same level of success as Arizona , they did peak with an 8th place finish in 2011 under longtime head coach Mark Bernardino . After Bernardino 's controversial departure in 2013 , the women largely continued to flourish under Busch , while the men 's team did not fair so well . That 's not to necessarily say that the disparity in the men 's and women 's results were Busch 's fault – many of the swimmers he coached were not his own recruits and younger guys like Zach Fong and Ted Schubert have shown some promising improvement . Still , the results were not there and Virginia struggled to attract top in-state swimmers .
DeSorbo has his work cut out for him if Virginia is to get back into the top ten at NCAAs . He has a model for how to do that from his experience at NC State , where he was primarily responsible for sprinters . The Wolfpack built their team around the sprint relays into one of the hottest programs in college swimming and ACC champions , and then expanded from there into one of the best all-around teams in the country .
Despite the summer 's uncertainty in the coaching situation , the Cavaliers were not hit with same wave of transfers as Arizona . Additionally , while the Cavs ' relays may not have done great at NCAAs , they were largely manned by freshmen and sophomores , meaning that DeSorbo will not be starting from zero . That , coupled with a diverse incoming freshman class of at least nine men , plus the buzz that DeSorbo has generated over the past few years with NC State , means that Virginia should be able to restock relatively quickly .
Conclusion
Obviously , there is no way of knowing for sure which of these three programs will be the first back into the top ten at NCAAs , but all appear to have the coaching staff , the history , the facilities , and the resources to be back among the elite programs in the country sooner rather than later . It feels like DeSorbo 's success at NC State makes the Virginia men the “ hot ” pick , but given that the Arizona women had the best NCAA finish this past year , have a relatively strong group of freshmen coming in , and Busch 's proven track record of working with women , they 're the safer bet for ow .
Bank Runs Break Out In China ! Deutschebank Charged With Dollar Manipulation ! Video – Silver Report
Economic Collapse News – Bank runs have broken out at atms all across china . Deutschebank AG has also had a settlement against them for manipulation of the Dollar in FX markets .
Video Source
Sharing is caring !
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury , where a Russian former spy and his daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago .
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England , after the pair , both in their 40s , were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening .
“ They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital . They are both in a critical condition , ” Wiltshire Police said in a statement .
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin of crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs , but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance .
More : Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related : Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
The places the pair — whose identities were n't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased .
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public , but this “ will be continually assessed as further information becomes known . ”
Amesbury is about 10 miles from Salisbury , where Sergei Skripal , 66 , and his daughter Yulia , 33 , were found unresponsive on a bench on March 4 .
More : Who is Sergei Skripal ? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Soviet-developed Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia . The Kremlin denies any responsibility . Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain . He was released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury .
The poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides .
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and her father was discharged from the same hospital in May . Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Baghdad : The United Nations said it will not be `` engaged in any way or form '' in the process surrounding the independence referendum in Iraq 's northern semi-autonomous Kurdish region planned for September .
The statement by the UN special mission to Iraq , or UNAMI , released late on Wednesday , could cast doubts on the credibility of the vote , which has already sparked wide criticism from the central government in Baghdad and several regional and Western nations .
Last week , the president of the Kurdish region , Masoud Barzani , said the vote , slated for 25 September , will determine whether the Kurdish region would secede from Iraq .
The balloting is to be held in three governorates that make up the Kurdish region but also in areas that are contested by both the Kurds and the central government . Those disputed areas have been under the Kurds ' control since the 2014 Islamic State group 's onslaught in western and northern Iraq and the withdrawal of security forces from these areas .
The UNAMI statement did not say why it was distancing itself from the referendum , but added that it `` seeks to rectify inaccurate news reports that UNAMI will oversee , support or observe '' the vote . UNAMI `` has no intention to be engaged in any way or form '' with the referendum , it concluded .
Baghdad says such a referendum can not be determined by a single party and that it will lead to more problems . Turkey and Iran , which have large and sometimes restive Kurdish minorities , have also expressed strong displeasure over the vote .
Some Iraqi Kurds , mainly the opposition party Gorran , have criticized Barzani , whose term in office expired in 2015 prompting a political limbo , and demanded that the referendum should be held after parliamentary and presidential polls .
With a population of about 5 million , Iraq 's Kurdish region already enjoys a high degree of autonomy , including its own parliament and armed forces . Since 2003 US-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein , relations with the central government in Baghdad have become strained over a range of issues , including the sharing of oil revenues and control of some areas , such as the oil-rich city of Kirkuk .
IS militants routed the Iraqi security forces and took control of much of the country 's north in 2014 . Since then , the Kurdish peshmerga forces have retaken large chunks of IS-held territory , including Kirkuk , leading to more tensions with Baghdad .
If you 've ever wondered exactly what sorts of things Facebook would like you not to do on its service , you 're in luck . For the first time , the social network is publishing detailed guidelines to what does and does n't belong on its service — 27 pages worth of them , in fact .
So please do n't make credible violent threats or revel in sexual violence ; promote terrorism or the poaching of endangered species ; attempt to buy marijuana , sell firearms , or list prescription drug prices for sale ; post instructions for self-injury ; depict minors in a sexual context ; or commit multiple homicides at different times or locations .
Facebook already banned most of these actions on its previous “ community standards ” page , which sketched out the company 's standards in broad strokes . But on Tuesday it will spell out the sometimes gory details .
The updated community standards will mirror the rules its 7,600 moderators used to review questionable posts , then decide if they should be pulled off Facebook . And sometimes whether to call in the authorities .
The standards themselves are n't changing , but the details reveal some interesting tidbits . Photos of breasts are OK in some cases — such as breastfeeding or in a painting — but not in others . The document details what counts as sexual exploitation of adults or minors , but leaves room to ban more forms of abuse , should it arise .
Since Facebook does n't allow serial murders on its service , its new standards even define the term . Anyone who has committed two or more murders over “ multiple incidents or locations ” qualifies . But you 're not banned if you 've only committed a single homicide . It could have been self-defense , after all .
Reading through the guidelines gives you an idea of how difficult the jobs of Facebook moderators must be . These are people who have to read and watch objectionable material of every stripe and then make hard calls — deciding , for instance , if a video promotes eating disorders or merely seeks to help people . Or what crosses the line from joke to harassment , from theoretical musing to direct threats , and so on .
Moderators work in 40 languages . Facebook 's goal is to respond to reports of questionable content within 24 hours . But the company says it does n't impose quotas or time limits on the reviewers .
The company has made some high-profile mistakes over the years . For instance , human rights groups say Facebook has mounted an inadequate response to hate speech and the incitement of violence against Muslim minorities in Myanmar . In 2016 , Facebook backtracked after removing an iconic 1972 Associated Press photo featuring a screaming , naked girl running from a napalm attack in Vietnam . The company initially insisted it could n't create an exception for that particular photograph of a nude child , but soon reversed itself , saying the photo had “ global importance . ”
Monica Bickert , Facebook 's head of product policy and counterterrorism , said the detailed public guidelines have been a long time in the works . “ I have been at this job five years and I wanted to do this that whole time , ” she said . Bickert said Facebook 's recent privacy travails , which forced CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify for 10 hours before Congress , did n't prompt their release now .
The policy is an evolving document , and Bickert said updates go out to the content reviewers every week . Facebook hopes it will give people clarity if posts or videos they report are n't taken down . Bickert said one challenge is having the same document guide vastly different “ community standards ” around the world . What passes as acceptable nudity in Norway may not pass in Uganda or the U.S .
There are more universal gray areas , too . For instance , what exactly counts as political protest ? How can you know that the person in a photo agreed to have it posted on Facebook ? That latter question is the main reason for Facebook 's nudity ban , Bickert said , since it 's “ hard to determine consent and age. ” Even if the person agreed to be taped or photographed , for example , they may not have agreed to have their naked image posted on social media .
Facebook uses a combination of the human reviewers and artificial intelligence to weed out content that violates its policies . But its AI tools are n't close to the point where they could pinpoint subtle differences in context and history — not to mention shadings such as humor and satire — that would let them make judgments as accurate as those of humans .
And of course , humans make plenty of mistakes themselves .
By Dawn Davis for Island Eye News
The National Park Service is co-sponsoring a Battery Gadsden Cultural Center event on “ How the Spanish-American War Brought Sullivan 's Island Back to Life ” . Join Sullivan 's Island Historian Roy Williams at the Fort Moultrie Visitor Center , on February 16 , 2017 at 6:00 p.m. for a one-hour program on the Spanish-American War 's impact on Sullivan 's Island . He will include then-and-now photos of structures built during this period on the island . This program is free .
Roy Williams grew up on Sullivan 's Island , taught history at Wando High School , and authored the book “ Images of America : Sullivan 's Island. ” His talk will explore this lesser-known war 's impact on the island and spurred the development of many prominent military structures such as Batteries Capron and Pierce Butler ( the “ Mound ” at Stith Park ) , and Battery Gadsden itself .
This event is part of the on-going Battery Gadsden Cultural Center Speaker Series . The Battery Gadsden Cultural Center is a non-profit organization preserving the culture of art and history on Sullivan 's Island . For more information please visit their website at www.batterygadsden.com .
Fort Moultrie is located at 1214 Middle Street , Sullivan 's Island , South Carolina . The site is administered by the National Park Service as a unit of Fort Sumter National Monument . Fort Moultrie represents the entire history of static seacoast defense in the United States , from the American Revolution to the end of World War II . The site is open daily from 9:00-5:00 and includes a visitor center with museum exhibits and an orientation film . An entrance fee is normally charged for the park .
Now entering its second century , the National Park Service continues to explore new ways to help visitors connect and find their parks . For more information on park news , events and programs , follow us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/FtSumterNPS , www.facebook.com/FtMoultrieNPS , and www.facebook.com/PinckneyNPS . Visit the park websites at www.nps.gov/fosu and www.nps.gov/chpi , or call 843-883-3123 . You can also share your park experience with others by posting on social media with the hashtag # FindYourPark . Come find yours today !
Addalynn Brie Muscarella was born at 1:55 p.m. Sept. 29 , 2017 , at OSF HealthCare Saint Anthony 's Health Center , the daughter of Damon Muscarella and Ashley Muscarella of Alton . She weighed 6 pounds , 15 ounces , and was 20 inches long . Grandparents are Joey Muscarella of Alton , Dena Muscarella of Alton , the late Mark Schwan , and Toni and Steve Altier of Valrico , Fla. Big brothers are Maddox , age 4 , and Ryker , age 1 .
A new BB-8 play set comes with a Supreme Leader Snoke action figure as well as one of his Praetorian guards and it reveals something pretty interesting about Snoke 's height . The Force Awakens only showed the Supreme Leader as a massive hologram leading many to speculate about his height and whether or not he 's human or something else entirely . Promotional materials for Star Wars : The Last Jedi are starting to leak and over the past few weeks we have seen what Snoke looks like and even what he 's wearing , but we have not been able to properly gauge his height until now .
StarWarsNewsNet found the image of the BB-8 play set , and much like the old school toys , the oversized BB-8 unfolds to turn into the First Order throne room . The deluxe edition of the set contains a Praetorian guard and a Supreme Leader Snoke action figure , which is pretty neat . But the set provides our first real look at Snoke 's body and he appears to be super tall , like significantly taller than a normal human being . Snoke is wearing a large robe and could still be very short and standing on the shoulders of Ewok slaves , but that is n't clear from the pictures of the toys .
Snoke is definitely not human , that is for sure . He is not Luke Skywalker or Yoda . He 's definitely not Boba Fett or Emperor Palpatine unless Palpatine started making non-human clones of himself , which could be the case , but it looks doubtful . He seriously looks like he could be a shaved Wookie . So just what exactly is Snoke ? Well , all we can do now is rule out that he/it is not human , which is still pretty big , but it does lead to a lot of questions .
While the play set pictures on the box probably do not represent an actual scene in the movie , it is a curious choice of a toy set to be made and sold , which leads one to believe that it will be shown prominently in the movie . Perhaps Rey visits to rescue Finn and Rose , confronting Snoke and Kylo Ren in the process . Maybe we 'll get to see a Luke Skywalker vs. Snoke battle . At this point it is just too early to tell , but we now know that Snoke is definitely not human , settling many arguments while igniting a whole bunch of new arguments .
Though The Last Jedi is only a couple of months away , there are plenty of secrets that Disney and Lucasfilm are doing a tremendous job of hiding from all of us . The BB-8 play set opens up and it looks very similar to the layout of the Death Star with the same looking windows and black flooring . Snoke 's hideout could very well end up being some kind of Death Star-like base , but it is still too early to tell . For now we 're just left with some more questions : What the hell is Snoke and what is his base ? Check out the images below and judge for yourself . Snoke is either really short and standing on stilts or he 's a giant being from some unknown galaxy .
1 /23 # AllAboutLastNight # AtHome # Dinner with the very # wonderful and # amazing @ priyankachopra # Friends # Funtimes # positivity Image : Instagram.com/manishmalhotra05 # HotSquad 🔥🔥🔥 Love this lot❤ # friendslikefamily # aboutlastnight # squadgoals # funtimes # laughs # byebye2016 # begoodtous2017 Image : Instagram.com/sophiechoudry Your love , humour and madness make me keep falling in love with you every single day ... Happy birthday Tina , never change 😘 Image : Instagram.com/akshaykumar I am lucky to share a birthday with my father-a bittersweet day now -friends and family , some wine and cheese and of course dad 's favourite creme brûlée # salut Image : Instagram.com/twinklerkhanna Happy 21st birthday to my anchor , I do n't know what I would do without you . I love you Aaaaani ❤️ @ ahan.shetty @ suniel.shetty Image : Instagram.com/athiyashetty 👩‍👧💗 Image : Instagram.com/sridevi.kapoor All the best stuff happened in the 80s you know .. # ak60 # grateful # happybirthdaydad Image : Instagram.com/rheakapoor I wrote your name so I could watch it wash away . # 2016 # lettingGo # 2017 # hereWeGo Image : Instagram.com/nargisfakhri # sun # sea # sand🌴 # thailanddiaries🏖 Image : Instagram.com/therealkarismakapoor To New Adventures ❤️🍸🌞🎉 Image : Instagram.com/bipashabasu I rode an ATV up a Volcano and down to a black beach today ! ! Yep , Image : Instagram.com/parineetichopra Goa nights ✌🏼️💃🏼👌🏽👌🏽🍻🍷 Image : Instagram.com/amuaroraofficial The 5 at 5 ! ! ! No Caption Needed ! ! ! Boys being missed big time ! ! ! # london2016 # holidayvibe # madnessofthe5 @ akshaymarwah22 @ mohitmarwah @ karanboo @ kunalrawaldstress Image : Instagram.com/arjunkapoor We are Family ! @ aaysharma & Ahil My boys 😍 Image : Instagram.com/arpitakhansharma The only true wisdom is to know that you know nothing ! # anotherdayinparadise Good morning Sri Lanka 🌸🌸🌸 Image : Instagram.com/jacquelinef143 Jennifer Lopez with Drake Image : Instagram.com/jlo Paris ❤❤Friends❤❤Best Times Ever ❤❤ Image : Instagram.com/kapoor.sunita # comingsoon Image : Instagram.com/karanjohar Young Jenners Image : Instagram.com/kyliejenner Mom trying to get the selfie trend 😂😂😂 Image : Instagram.com/malaikaarorakhanofficial Mr Kapoor s autobiography khullam khulla releasing 15th Jan ! ! 💝❤️️💖💕 Image : Instagram.com/neetu54 Shopping is an art and I 'm an Artist 😬😎😅Ha ha ha @ shamitashetty_official @ rajivadatia what a fun day. # londondiaries # dayout # retailtherapy Image : Instagram.com/officialshilpashetty Me with one of my favourite paintings 'The Starry Night ' . It was surreal to see it in person ! # NewYork # Throwback # DayOff # HalfGirlfriendShoot # VincentVanGogh ❤ Image : Instagram.com/shraddhakapoor
The last week was as busy as could be for the stars .
Priyanka Chopra touched down in Mumbai and was welcomed by a grand party thrown by Manish Malhotra ( we spotted Neha Dhupia , Sophie Choudry and Sushant Singh Rajput there too ) , and Akshay Kumar brought in wife Twinkle Khanna 's birthday with a lunch that included the birthday girl 's favourite people . Athiya Shetty used a sweet throwback picture to celebrate her brother Ayan 's birthday , while Sridevi shared a flashback shot of daughter Jhanvi Kapoor , and Rhea Kapoor picked an old family photo for her father Anil Kapoor 's 60th birthday .
Other stars spent their time off in different countries before heading home for the new year . Both Nargis Fakhri and Karisma Kapoor enjoyed some beach time ( the former in Belize , the latter in Thailand ) , Bipasha Basu headed off to Australia with husband Karan Singh Grover , and Parineeti Chopra rode an ATV up a volcano on her adventurous getaway . Want more unmissable posts ? Check out Priyanka Chopra flawless mannequin challenge video here .
As the demand for solar eclipse glasses continues to spike , Amazon is issuing refunds for customers who may have bought fake protective wear .
On Aug. 21 , people will be flocking to parts of the United States to watch as the sun disappears behind the moon . The rare solar eclipse will span from South Carolina to Oregon and last up to three hours , according to NASA .
READ MORE : Solar eclipse 2017 : How to watch without permanently damaging your eyes
Many people have bought protective eyewear on Amazon , as you need the glasses in order to look directly up at the sky while the eclipse happens ( or else you can permanently damage your eyes ) . However , Amazon has not been able to verify all of the glasses comply with industry standards and are from reputable sources . The company issued some customers refunds last week .
I got an email from Amazon saying that the solar glasses I bought were fake . How am I going to find glasses now ? @ NASA please help me… — Fatima Shaikh ( @ Zeeshake8 ) August 14 , 2017
Story continues below I bought NASA recommended , certified solar viewing glasses . Amazon is refunding because they may be fake . Be careful what you buy ! — LAB08 ( @ LAB08 ) August 12 , 2017
“ Out of an abundance of caution and in the interests of our customers , we asked third-party sellers that were offering solar eclipse glasses to provide documentation to verify their products were compliant with relevant safety standards , ” an Amazon spokesperson told Global News .
“ The offers from sellers who provided this safety documentation remain available to customers . The listings from sellers who did not provide the appropriate documentation have been removed and customers who purchased from them were notified last week . Customers can contact Amazon customer service with any questions or concerns . ”
WATCH : Influx of eclipse-related tourism turning into a boon for many small American towns
Amazon did n't say how many glasses were recalled .
What glasses should you buy ?
If you 're still looking for some protective eyewear ( or need to replace yours ) , the American Astronomical Society has a list of reputable vendors of solar eclipse glasses .
According to NASA , the eye gear must have certification , with a “ designated ISO 12312-2 international standard. ” The company who created the product and its contact information should be clearly printed on the glasses .
READ MORE : What Canadians can expect during the solar eclipse on August 21
Certified eclipse glasses make sure no more than 0.00032 per cent of sunlight is transmitted to the eyes , according to Space.com . Regular sunglasses only protect the eyes from a fraction of sunlight and are made of different material .
With files from Global News reporter Maham Abedi
MONTREAL – An employee in the prime minister 's office has resigned after an investigation into unspecified allegations against him .
A spokeswoman for the PMO says Claude-Eric Gagne is no longer an employee in Justin Trudeau ‘ s office .
Eleanore Catenaro declined further comment in an email , calling it a confidential matter .
WATCH : PMO staffer investigated for ‘ inappropriate ' behaviour
Gagne , the deputy director of operations , had been on leave since Nov. 1 pending the outcome of an investigation by a third-party investigator – Rubin Thomlinson , a prominent employment law firm .
He has said previously that he challenged the veracity of the allegations .
Before joining the PMO , Gagne was chief Quebec organizer for the Liberal Party of Canada during the 2015 election campaign .
Karachi- Mashal-BasicNeeds Pakistan organized an evening of entertainment for People with Mental Illness and Epilepsy to watch the Dolphin Show at Maritime Museum Karachi.People with Mental Illness and Epilepsy along with their care givers were invited from Mashal-BasicNeeds Pakistan as well as Karwan e Hayat , IBS , DarulSukoon and HANDS . The attendance was overwhelming with more than 1000 guests present at the venue . The guests were enthralled by a magnificent performance by a Beluga Whale , dolphins , sea lions and their trainers . DrSaadiaQuraishy , Chairperson of Mashal , Basic Needs Pakistan and SahirLodhi were present to mark this occasion . Lunch boxes specially made by “ AmanGhar ” were distributed after the show . Mashal BNP is a social sector non-profit organization working towards the betterment of People With Mental Illness and Epilepsy in Karachi , Matiari , Hyderabad , Ghotki , Jacobabad Kashmore , Jafarabad , Nasirabad Quetta , Dera Ghazi Khan , Muzafargarh , Rajanpur .
After back-to-back lackluster seasons where the Florida Panthers missed the postseason , 2016 seems like forever ago , when the Panthers took on the New York Islanders in the first round . After a stellar 2015-16 season , the Panthers had home-ice advantage in the playoffs , which led many to believe that the team would dominate for years to come . While they have yet to see it through , perhaps next season is their year .
Panthers ' Youth Ready to Carry the Load
The most significant difference for the 2018-19 outlook is the step forward that Florida 's best players made this season . While the development of Aleksander Barkov , Jonathan Huberdeau and Vincent Trocheck has been a common theme throughout the last few summers , unlike other years , the wait for the trio to become legitimate threats is over .
Injuries are bound to happen at times , but as long as all three forwards can stay relatively healthy , then the sky is the limit for the Panthers . The potential of Florida 's talented forwards has never been in question , but this season we finally saw the reason for the hype . Despite missing the playoffs , all three had career-high statistics , and there is no reason to think they would not continue to improve .
Perhaps even better is that all three are just entering their prime . Their best days are still ahead , but each has blossomed into a top-tier NHL talent already . Barkov and Trocheck , in particular , make up one of the best center duos in the NHL . They play a well-rounded game and are responsible at both ends of the ice — as we saw this season , they are difference-makers .
Comparing the 2015-16 Panthers to Next Season 's
When comparing the Panthers ' 2015-16 roster to next season 's , there are reasons to believe 2018-19 could be the organization 's best year . Following the 2015-16 season , in which Florida finished tied for fifth in the NHL with 103 points , their leading scorers were Jaromir Jagr ( 66 points ) , Jussi Jokinen ( 60 ) , Barkov ( 59 ) , Huberdeau ( 59 ) and Trocheck ( 53 ) .
Heading into 2018-19 , the top five scorers are Barkov ( 78 points ) , Trocheck ( 75 ) , Huberdeau ( 69 ) , Evgenii Dadonov ( 65 ) and Keith Yandle ( 56 ) . Florida 's fourth-best scorer from this season would have ranked second on the team that finished fifth in 2015-16 . Their fifth-leading scorer , Yandle , would have been just four points out of second . Scoring that season was down compared to this season , but nonetheless , this season 's roster was more talented than in years past .
Consistency Is Difficult for Older Players
Perhaps part of the reason the 2016-17 season was so forgettable was the expectations placed on veterans such as Jagr and Jokinen — specifically Jagr , who was impressive the season before . What was n't considered was that a veteran 's year-to-year production can vary greatly . Age matters in professional sports , and it is unreasonable to assume that players in their twilight years can repeat stellar seasons . Most would n't have been surprised if both Jagr and Jokinen produced 60 points in 2016-17 , but that was not how it played out .
Instead , the older guys had a difficult time maintaining a high level of play , and former head coach Gerard Gallant took the fall for it . When Gallant was relieved of his duties it seemed as if the organization was grasping at straws . Rather than simply recognizing their older players were declining , and their younger players were not yet ready for the next step , they fired a coach who had brought them to the playoffs the season before . The difference between then and now is that this time , their best players and top-point producers are rising rather than falling .
Younger Generation Pivotal
Now that their forwards are consistent producers , defensemen Aaron Ekblad and Mike Matheson are fully developed professionals , and top prospects Henrik Borgstrom and Owen Tippett are poised for full-time roles in the NHL next season . This could be the step forward Florida fans have been waiting for . Borgstrom , specifically , has the tools to be a force in the league .
While he may not hit Matthew Barzal-like rookie numbers , if given the opportunity , he could be a difference-maker for the club . For the Panthers to live up to the hype , after finishing 30-10-1 in the second half of the season , it 's players like Borgstrom that will need to put them over the edge .
Expectations Are High Once Again
Each of the past three summers , the Panthers seemed like a team ready to become a force in the NHL . Their talent level , combined with cap room to sign free agents , will once again make them a team in the spotlight going into next season . If they fall flat , then this may be the end of the hype . After all , a team that comes up short year after year only deserves so much patience .
A new RAND Corporation paper finds that artificial intelligence has the potential to upend the foundations of nuclear deterrence by the year 2040 .
While AI-controlled doomsday machines are considered unlikely , the hazards of artificial intelligence for nuclear security lie instead in its potential to encourage humans to take potentially apocalyptic risks , according to the paper .
During the Cold War , the condition of mutual assured destruction maintained an uneasy peace between the superpowers by ensuring that any attack would be met by a devastating retaliation . Mutual assured destruction thereby encouraged strategic stability by reducing the incentives for either country to take actions that might escalate into a nuclear war .
The new RAND publication says that in coming decades , artificial intelligence has the potential to erode the condition of mutual assured destruction and undermine strategic stability . Improved sensor technologies could introduce the possibility that retaliatory forces such as submarine and mobile missiles could be targeted and destroyed .
Nations may be tempted to pursue first-strike capabilities as a means of gaining bargaining leverage over their rivals even if they have no intention of carrying out an attack , researchers say . This undermines strategic stability because even if the state possessing these capabilities has no intention of using them , the adversary can not be sure of that .
“ The connection between nuclear war and artificial intelligence is not new , in fact the two have an intertwined history , ” said Edward Geist , co-author on the paper and associate policy researcher at the RAND Corporation , a nonprofit , nonpartisan research organization . “ Much of the early development of AI was done in support of military efforts or with military objectives in mind . ”
He said one example of such work was the Survivable Adaptive Planning Experiment in the 1980s that sought to use AI to translate reconnaissance data into nuclear targeting plans .
Under fortuitous circumstances , artificial intelligence also could enhance strategic stability by improving accuracy in intelligence collection and analysis , according to the paper . While AI might increase the vulnerability of second-strike forces , improved analytics for monitoring and interpreting adversary actions could reduce miscalculation or misinterpretation that could lead to unintended escalation .
Researchers say that given future improvements , it is possible that eventually AI systems will develop capabilities that , while fallible , would be less error-prone than their human alternatives and therefore be stabilizing in the long term .
“ Some experts fear that an increased reliance on artificial intelligence can lead to new types of catastrophic mistakes , ” said Andrew Lohn , co-author on the paper and associate engineer at RAND . “ There may be pressure to use AI before it is technologically mature , or it may be susceptible to adversarial subversion . Therefore , maintaining strategic stability in coming decades may prove extremely difficult and all nuclear powers must participate in the cultivation of institutions to help limit nuclear risk . ”
RAND researchers based their perspective on information collected during a series of workshops with experts in nuclear issues , government branches , AI research , AI policy and national security .
“ Will Artificial Intelligence Increase the Risk of Nuclear War ? ” is available at http : //www . rand . org .
The perspective is part of a broader effort to envision critical security challenges in the world of 2040 , considering the effects of political , technological , social , and demographic trends that will shape those security challenges in the coming decades .
Funding for the Security 2040 initiative was provided by gifts from RAND supporters and income from operations .
The research was conducted within the RAND Center for Global Risk and Security , which works across the RAND Corporation to develop multi-disciplinary research and policy analysis dealing with systemic risks to global security . The center draws on RAND 's expertise to complement and expand RAND research in many fields , including security , economics , health , and technology .
× Expand Two on Tap
Greater Alton Concert Association welcomes “ Two on Tap ” at 3 p.m. Sunday , Oct. 8 .
This exciting program featuring the singing and tapping talents of musical theater performers Melissa Giattino and Ron Destefano will take the stage at Hatheway Cultural Center at Lewis and Clark Community College in Godfrey .
With music from the golden days of song-and-dance , their flair breathes new life into classics such as “ 42nd Street ” and “ I Got Rhythm. ” With vocal talents as polished as their dance , the audience is in for a treat with “ Love Letters ” and “ You 'll Never Walk Alone . ”
To help promote their mission to breathe new life into classic song-and-dance with clever arrangements , a meaningful connection to the audience , and signature high-energy routines , they also find time to include young dancers from the towns in which they perform . At this concert , they will feature dancers from Jennifer Bishop School of Dance in Alton and DanceWorks Studio in Jerseyville . The students are working ahead to prepare a routine and will meet with Giattino and Destefano to polish and perfect the number . Tickets are available in Alton at Best Western Premier , CNB Bank & Trust , Alton Convention and Visitors Bureau , Dick 's Flowers , Halpin Music Co. , Liberty Bank , Picture This & More , and Senior Services Plus ; in Bethalto at The Bank of Edwardsville and Liberty Bank ; in Brighton at CNB Bank & Trust , in Carlinville at Carlinville Library , in Carrollton at CNB Bank & Trust , in Edwardsville at The Bank of Edwardsville ( Vandalia Street location ) , in Godfrey at Liberty Bank ( both Godfrey Road locations ) , in Jerseyville at Jerseyville Library , and in Wood River at Dick 's Flowers .
For information , visit altonconcerts.org and Facebook . Tickets can also be ordered by calling ( 618 ) 468-4222 .
Greater Alton Concert Association is partnering with Great Rivers Tap and Grill in Best Western Premier Hotel at 3559 College Ave. in Alton . Show tickets purchased at Best Western Premier may opt for a Concert & Dinner package with show ticket and meal voucher worth $ 20 at the restaurant for the special price of $ 35 .
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Sony Pictures has released a first full trailer for Spider-Man spin-off Venom . `` You should be extremely afraid , '' says Tom Hardy as Eddie Brock , a reporter who `` follows people that do not want to be followed . '' After a mysterious teaser emerged in February , Sony Pictures has now commenced distribution of a more fleshed-out look at October anti-hero movie Venom.As a thorn in the side of biotechnologist Carlton Drake ( Riz Ahmed ) Brock finds himself poking around an experimental program that harnesses an aggressive , churning life form known as a symbiote.Here we see more of his powers as unwilling host of an alien villain and eventual Spider-Man antagonist.Directed by Ruben Fleischer of Zombieland and Gangster Squad , Venom is heading towards a release date of October 5 , 2018 in US theaters with international rollout commencing the same week.Michelle Williams of Manchester by the Sea , Brokeback Mountain , The Greatest Showman and I Feel Pretty co-stars as Brock 's lawyer girlfriend Ann Weying.Tom Hardy is well-known for magnetic performances in films such as Bronson , Inception , Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises , Mad Max : Fury Road , Legend and The Revenant .
By Andrea Shalal
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Germany and France have offered Spain `` observer status '' on a programme to develop a new European fighter jet , but want to keep the project as a binational endeavour for now to ensure it moves ahead quickly , according to a German government source .
The new programme , first announced by the French and German governments a year ago , has begun to take shape in recent months , with France set to take the lead on the development of the next-generation combat jet .
Spain had sent a letter to its NATO allies asking to participate in the critical industrial undertaking in December , according to the government source and several industry sources .
The German and French defence ministries then responded in April , offering Madrid the opportunity to observe the fledgling programme as it took shape , but without the ability to shape its initial parameters . No reply had yet been received from Spain , the government source said .
`` The reason is not to exclude anyone but to ensure accelerated work on the programme , '' said the source , who was not authorised to speak publicly .
Spain and other countries would likely be able to participate in later stages of the programme , the source said , a view embraced by the companies involved .
The Spanish Defence Ministry confirmed it received the letter and said it was currently assessing the offer . Spain holds a 4 percent stake in European planemaker Airbus , while France and Germany each hold a stake of 11 percent .
The new warplane is intended to replace from 2040 the Rafale fighter built by France 's Dassault Aviation and the Eurofighter Typhoon , built by a European consortium comprised of Airbus , Britain 's BAE Systems and Italy 's Leonardo .
It is expected to be at the centre of a broader weapons system , capable of commanding a squadron of drones .
Dassault and Airbus signed an agreement in April to work together on the new project , but avoided saying which of the two groups would be in charge . The fact that France is now in the driving seat of the project favours Dassault to take charge since most of Airbus ' defence activities are in Germany .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron agreed to jointly develop the new aircraft shortly after his election in May 2017 , burying past rivalries in favour of tighter defence cooperation .
( Additional reporting by Belen Carreno in Madrid ; Editing by Alison Williams )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Harvey Weinstein indicted by New York jury for rape , criminal sexual act ; lawyer says he 'll fight charges
New York : Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges , furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul .
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein `` another step closer to accountability '' for alleged attacks on two women in New York .
Weinstein 's lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said he would `` vigorously defend '' against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it . He called the allegations `` unsupported '' and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them .
The indictment came hours after Weinstein 's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there was n't enough time to prepare him and `` political pressure '' made an indictment unavoidable .
`` Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein 's personal testimony might be , an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein , '' the statement said .
Weinstein , 66 , learned of the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning himself on Friday , according to his lawyers . Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not , prosecutors denied his request for more time .
Vance said the Weinstein camp 's `` recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . ''
`` We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand , '' Vance said in a statement .
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another . A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case , as it had been doing for weeks .
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury 's secret proceedings but often do n't , for various reasons .
Freed on $ 1 million bail and electronic monitoring , he is due back in court 30 July , though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment .
Beyond the two women involved in the case , dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was `` confident he 's going to clear his name '' in the New York prosecution .
Brafman called the rape allegation `` absurd , '' saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long , consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack .
The woman , who has n't been identified publicly , told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her .
The other accuser in the case , former actress Lucia Evans , has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004 . The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Vance , a Democrat , came under public pressure from women 's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015 , when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting .
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct . But Vance decided there was n't enough evidence to bring charges .
Gov . Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter .
Updated Date : May 31 , 2018 09:05 AM
A new rooftop garden at the Moncton Hospital is set to help those who are being treated for mental health issues .
Patients who 've been admitted to the Provincial Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Unit , Youth Wellness Unit or Adult Psychiatry Unit will be able to use the green space .
According to a press release , from April 1 , 2016 to March 31 , 2017 , 9,816 patients passed through the units .
READ MORE : $ 35M in upgrades coming to Moncton Hospital
“ An outdoor space is critical to the therapy of our clients while in the care of psychiatric health-care professionals , ” said Dr. Dinesh Bhalla , Chief of Psychiatry .
“ This space will encourage clients to be active and creative , and enhance their hope that they have a life beyond their illness . ”
The garden will help patients by offering comforting green space , enhanced treatment , a space for activity and fresh air .
It will also enhance the hope that patients have of a life beyond their illness .
READ MORE : Feeling bad about feeling down is good for your mental health : study
A joint initiative from the Friends of the Moncton Hospital Foundation and Horizon Health Network , the foundation provided $ 230,000 for the garden 's construction .
“ We are delighted that this outdoor space , made possible through the generosity of our donors , will empower addiction and mental health patients to heal , ” said Pat Armour , First Vice-Chair , Friends of The Moncton Hospital Foundation .
The space will also serve as an area for wellness , relaxation and peer support groups .
LAHORE , Dec 11 ( APP ) : The ambassador of Romania , Nicolae Goia ,
on Monday visited the University of Management and Technology ( UMT ) .
During the visit , Romania 's contribution to Pakistan 's
educational sector came under discussion .
Addressing a gathering of the UMT top management , Mr Nicolae
said that Romania and Pakistan established diplomatic relations
in 1964 , and since then the bonds have gone a long way for
bringing closer both the nations .
He said Romania supported Pakistan in its membership of
the Security Council and it would continue standing with
Pakistan through thick and thin .
“ Romania is the fastest growing economy in Europe and
there is a great potential for improving bilateral trade
between the two countries ” .
He said Pakistan is a wonderful country and Pakistanis
are extremely intelligent people . The ambassador said , “ Pakistan
is playing role in causing peace and stability in the region
and without it 's support terrorism could not be defeated at all . ”
He said currently 200 Pakistani students were pursuing their
studies in Romania and were being trained as engineers , doctors , IT experts , and businessmen .
Nicolae said Romania is keen in investing in Pakistan 's higher education system , which was the only way to wipe out extremism and speeding up real development .
Nicolae Goia said he was delighted to visit the UMT , which is
one of the best universities in Pakistan .
He said that he would like to connect Pakistani universities
with their Romanian counterparts for exchange of research and
mutual collaboration .
Nicolae further stated that there were 50,000 Muslims living
in Romania who were fully integrated into the Romanian society
and were enjoying full citizen rights .
Speaking on the occasion , Rector UMT Dr Muhammad Aslam
appreciated the ambassador for putting his efforts in
strengthening bilateral relations between Romania and
Pakistan .
He said Romania is a country that shares many things in
common with Pakistan especially its cultural heritage is quite
rich .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ARTIFEX MUNDI SA :
* SAID ON THURSDAY THAT IT WILL BOOK A 5.1 MILLION ZLOTY IMPAIRMENT CHARGE AFTER IMPAIRMENT TESTS OF THREE FREE-TO-PLAY GAMES ' PROJECTS
* THE CHARGE IS COMPRISED OF 69.2 % OF ACTIVATED COSTS OF ‘ NIGHTMARES FROM THE DEEP : A HIDDEN OBJECT ADVENTURE ' AND ‘ KATE MALONE : HIDDEN OBJECT DETECTIVE ' PROJECTS
* IT FINDS THAT THE TWO PROJECT HAVE THE MARKET POTENTIAL AND WILL CONTINUE TO DEVELOP THEM
* MANAGEMENT ALSO DECIDED TO SUSPEND PRODUCTION OF “ SPELLBLADE : MATCH-3 PUZZLE RPG ” WHICH RESULTED IN 0.8 MILLION ZLOTY IMPAIRMENT
* ABOVEMENTIONED IMPAIRMENTS TOGETHER WITH THE ONES ANNOUNCED ON DEC. 29 WOULD LOWER FY 2017 GROSS FINANCIAL RESULT BY 10 MILLION ZLOTYS
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Team India suffered a heartbreaking 0-3 defeat at the hands of the USA in their opening match of the FIFA Under-17 World Cup , here on Friday . With this defeat , the hosts are placed at the bottom of the Group A , after conceding two goals more that the other losing team of the day , Colombia.Speaking to the media during the post match press conference , coach Luis Norton De Matos said that a glaring miss in the second half was the turning point for the home side . `` We had two possibilities in the second half , one through Komal Thatal and second through Anwar Ali . It was very important for us to score a goal during this phase of the game . Had Ali 's shot gone in ( which hit the cross bar ) it would have been 1-2 and things could have been different in the last few minutes of the game , '' said De Matos during the post match press conference . `` However , we conceded the third goal right after the miss and it was a cruel punishment for us . Even if we were the second best , we would have liked to see us go for the draw , '' the coach added.De Matos also emphasised on the fact that he was happy with the performance of the players but he can not say the same about the result , which was too huge in the end . `` I am satisfied with the collective performance of the boys but definitely I am not happy with the result . There is a big gap between our team and others in our group . We conceded a stupid goal in the first half , '' said the India coach.There were more than 45,000 people present at the venue to cheer the home side for this historic occasion . And the coach applauded the Indian fans for turning up in large numbers to supports the colts . `` The ambience was perfect . I need to thank the fans for turning up . This is the first time our players were playing in front of a crowd of 40,000 and that too , against a Team of the quality of the USA , ” said the Portuguese.Meanwhile , USA coach John Hackworth echoed De Matos sentiments and lauded the Indian Team as well as the fans . `` I thought India played really well , I 'm very impressed with the team . Indian fans were amazing too and this was one of the best atmospheres I 've ever seen at a FIFA U-17 World Cup , '' said Hackworth in the post match presser . `` India made it hard on us , especially in the beginning . We did n't play great , but full credit to them . They were organised and there was no space to play through . Both their centre-backs played well and so did the goalkeeper . He made several saves that kept India in the game , '' Hackworth added .
Google marked the 103rd birth anniversary of `` Mallika-e-Ghazal '' Begum Akhtar on Saturday by dedicating a special doodle to her.Born as Akhtari Bai Faizabadi , the ghazal queen is seen in the doodle sitting gracefully with a sitar with a few admirers around her.She was born in 1914 in Faizabad in what is now Uttar Pradesh.Begum Akhtar 's genre was , however , not ghazals alone , but also included splendid renderings of Hindustani classical music like Dadra and Thumri.Akhtar was honoured for her immense contribution to Indian music with the Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan ( posthumously ) . She was also given the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award.Among the few early female singers , Akhtar is considered to have broken away from the concept of singing in 'mehfils ' or private gatherings and started performing at public concerts.Akhtar breathed her last on October 30 , 1974 .
Now that 2017 is finally here , we have a whole new year of movies to look forward to . And one of the most anticipated early releases is a live-action version of the animated classic Beauty and the Beast . Today , we have two new TV spots to get fans ready for this enchanted fairy tale slated to hit theaters on March 17 .
The beloved tale will be retold for the big screen with a modern live-action lens and the help of transformative CG magic . Emma Watson and Dan Stevens will star as Belle and the Beast/Prince respectively , and Luke Evans will play the role of Gaston . Emma Thompson has joined the cast as Mrs. Potts and Kevin Kline as Belle 's father , Maurice . These new TV spots debuted on YouTube today , but it is n't clear when more footage will be released as we continue the countdown towards what will surely be one of 2017 's biggest blockbusters .
This live action adventure is based on the classic French tale centering on Belle , whose father is taken captive by the Beast after being lost in the woods . The young woman agrees to trade her life for her fathers and ends up falling in love with him . This releases a witch 's curse on the Beast , which turned him into the monster . The supporting cast includes Ewan McGregor as Lumiere , Gugu Mbatha-Raw as Plumette , Ian McKellen as Cogsworth , Josh Gad as LeFou and Stanley Tucci as Cadenza .
Eight-time Oscar-winner Alan Menken , who won two Academy Awards for the 1991 animated classic , will score the film , which will feature new recordings of the original songs in addition to several new songs written by Menken and Sir Tim Rice . Bill Condon will direct from a script by Stephen Chbosky , and the film will be produced by Mandeville Films ' David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman . Production got under way last May at Shepperton Studios in London .
This fairy tale adaptation will be going up against Sony 's action-comedy Baby Driver from director Edgar Wright when it hits theaters on March 17 , 2017 . The live action adaptation is also sandwiched between a number of high-profile releases , with Kong : Skull Island and The Boss Baby arriving a week earlier on March 10 , 2017 , and Knights of the Roundtable : King Arthur and Power Rangers arriving on March 24 . Take a look at these new Beauty and the Beast TV spots below .
The United States has reportedly used militants from the PKK-affiliated Peoples ' Protection Units ( YPG ) to infiltrate the Syrian regime 's intelligence mechanism , the Mukhabarat , to spy on Assad supporters , Russia , and Iran .
According to the Turkish language daily , Habertürk , the infiltrators also kept tabs on the Syrian regime 's policies .
The report claimed that a former YPG terrorist , who was detained by the regime forces , confessed that the U.S. `` turned the YPG into an entity to gather intelligence on the regime . `` Habertürk claimed that it has obtained documents detailing the YPG terrorist 's confession . The authenticity of the documents was reportedly confirmed by local sources close to the YPG .
`` The U.S. does not want boots on the ground so it used the YPG in Raqqa . To avoid a YPG-Russia alliance , it supplied us with weapons . In return , they wanted us to remain under their control and that 's what happened , '' the YPG terrorist reportedly said during an interrogation .
The U.S. currently has more than 300 spies in the Mukhabarat , which has been infiltrated over the past four years , and around 80 of them were sent to Afrin in the past three months , ahead of Turkey 's Operation Olive Branch , the report claimed .
Washington has been backing the YPG , under the umbrella group Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) , in its fight against Daesh in Syria . The move has severely strained ties between Washington and Ankara , two NATO allies .
The U.S. has ignored the links between the PKK and the YPG while Turkey has repeatedly urged it to stop supporting one terrorist group to stop another .
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) — Monday marks the start of Grand Rapids ' first Cider Week .
Apples are big business in Michigan : Our state is the second-largest producer in the country and a lot of those apples come from family farms in West Michigan .
The big apple industry has also given rise to a robust cider industry . Each year , the large Great Lakes International Cider and Perry Competition is held in Grand Rapids , and Cider Week is coinciding with that event .
There will be cider tastings and specials at shops , bars and restaurants around town all week . Saturday afternoon , the event wraps up with the Cider Week GR Blue Bridge Festival downtown . The $ 25 tickets for that event can be purchased online .
==Above , Paul Vander Heide , the owner of Vander Mill in Grand Rapids , discusses what you can find around town during Cider Week.==
—–
Online :
CiderWeekGR.com
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
This is Essential Politics , our daily look at California political and government news . Here 's what we 're watching right now :
Atty . Gen. Xavier Becerra is joining San Francisco in a lawsuit against the Trump administration 's threat to block federal grants to `` sanctuary cities . ''
Republican candidates for governor praise the president during the weekend California tea party convention .
Rep. Ted Lieu ( D-Torrance ) is backing state Treasurer John Chiang in the race for governor .
Be sure to follow us on Twitter for more , or subscribe to our free daily newsletter and the California Politics Podcast . Also do n't miss our Essential Politics page in Sunday 's California section .
Alexander Zverev of Germany reacts after winning a point in his match against Nick Kyrgios of Australia at the Davis Cup World Group first round in Brisbane , Australia , Sunday , Feb. 4 , 2018 . Tertius Pickard AP Photo
13 Reasons Why season 2 premiere draws 6.08 million viewers in US in first three days of release
Season two of popular Netflix original series 13 Reasons Why started streaming on 18 May , 2018 . According to Variety , the intense teen drama series roped in an average of 6.08 million viewers in the US in the first three days of its release .
The numbers provided by Nielsen SVOD Content Ratings cover only US viewership and track only internet connected TVs , excluding mobile devices and computers . According to their data , 13 Reasons Why averaged almost half the viewership on the first three days since its release as compared to season two premiere of another Netflix original Stranger Things , which averaged 15.8 million .
Further study of the viewership demographic of the show reveals a skewed gender split of 65 per cent female to 35 per cent male , same as that for The Crown . However , in the sphere of age distribution , 75 per cent of the viewers for 13 Reasons Why was found to be 34 or younger , while The Crown had only one third of its audience below 35 , rest being over .
Netflix does n't release viewing metrics , since it does n't run ads . However , it has allowed for third party attempts at such measurements .
As per Variety , speaking at the Paley Centre for Media in New York , Netflix 's chief content officer Ted Sarandos was quoted saying “ We have many shows that do n't work the first weekend , or first week , or first month , they grow and grow and grow . ”
13 Reasons Why follows the events that take place when high school student Hannah Baker commits suicide and her parents decide to file a lawsuit against her school . The show has been at forefront of multiple controversies , some even calling it out for 'glamourising suicide ' . It was recently in news as it faced backlash over a graphic depiction of rape .
Updated Date : May 31 , 2018 13:22 PM
The Town of Stony Plain has lifted water restrictions put in place late last month due to excessive heat after a much needed dousing of rain this past week .
On May 29 , the Town lifted its odd/even water restriction that was put in place on May 23 followed the next day by the Capital Region Parkland Water Services Commission 's declaration of a Level 1 water restriction for all member municipalities .
A Level 1 water restriction limits the use of potable water to only essential services and also places restrictions on fire-fighter training that uses potable water . Watering sports fields , flowers and flushing hydrants were also restricted under the Level 1 restriction .
The news of the Level 1 restriction came after the Town of Stony Plain announced its own water restriction due to low reservoir levels in the town . The Town implemented a two-week water restriction , which they referred to as an odd/even water restriction , requiring residents to only perform certain water-using activities on either even or odd days , depending on their address number . Under the restriction , residents were asked to refrain from watering their lawns , washing cars or excessively using water outside of designated watering days .
“ A combination of extremely hot temperatures and low reservoir levels has made this water restriction necessary , ” Paul Hanlan , general manager of planning and infrastructure with the Town , said at the time . “ The odd/even water restriction allows residents to continue performing their regular tasks while working together as a community to build the reservoir levels back up . ”
Hanlan said that the Town 's odd/even restriction remained in place alongside the Level 1 restriction .
“ We strongly encourage residents to follow the odd/even water restriction that is in place , ” he said . “ More water is being pumped out of the reservoirs than is coming in . It 's imperative that this trend stops immediately and we ca n't do that without residents co-operation . ”
Zero Insect Pest Control is a very well reputed Pest Control Services Provider Company . Key Person of This Company is Mr. Sohel Rana . Zero insect Pest Control Services founded in 2015 .
Headquarter Location of Zero Insect Pest Control Bangladesh is : 04 No . Word City Corporation Community Center Market , 1st Floor , Mirpur 13 No . Bazar . Sector 13 , Mirpur , Dhaka .
We have an office in Dhanmondi and its location is : House 85/A , Road 55 , 3rd Floor ,
Dhanmondi , Dhaka-1209 .
Zero Insect Pest Control Bangladesh services
Cockroach Control Service
Rodent Control Service
Termite Control Service
Bed Bugs Control Service
Snake Control Service
Fumigation Service
Mosquitoes Control Service
Flies Control Service
Share this :
Tweet
With 20 blockbuster movies and counting since 2008 , the Marvel Cinematic Universe has created a cosmos of big stars , from the misfit crew of `` Guardians of the Galaxy '' to the high-profile African superhero of `` Black Panther . '' Just imagine a pop culture without these films : Iron Man would n't be a household name like Batman or Superman , Ultron would just sound like a bathroom cleaner and certainly nobody would know what the heck “ I am Groot ” is supposed to mean .
So where does the new superhero sequel `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' ( officially opening Friday , though theaters will show it the night before ) fit into this ( seemingly ) never-ending superhero saga ? Here 's the definitive ranking of all the Marvel movies so far :
More : Everything you need to know about the sequel 'Ant-Man and the Wasp '
Review : Evangeline Lilly leads fun-loving 'Ant-Man and the Wasp '
More : What 's after 'Avengers 4 ' ? Our superhero wish lists for Marvel 's next decade
Black Widow ( Scarlett Johansson ) and Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ) get flirty in 'Iron Man 2 . '
Industrial Light & Magic and Marvel
20 . 'Iron Man 2 ' ( 2010 )
Let 's accentuate the positive : The sequel gave us Scarlett Johansson 's sleek secret agent Black Widow and put Don Cheadle in the War Machine armor . Everything else was a scattershot mess with Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ) taking on the wholly underwhelming villain Whiplash ( Mickey Rourke ) .
The big guy on the rampage in 'The Incredible Hulk . '
Rhythm & Hues , Universal Pictures and Marvel Studios
19 . 'The Incredible Hulk ' ( 2008 )
Before ultimately being replaced in other movies by Mark Ruffalo , Edward Norton starred as scientist Bruce Banner in this odd duck from the nascent MCU . This mostly forgettable affair exists to serve as a reminder that we still deserve a good solo Hulk film one day .
Tony ( Robert Downey Jr. ) and Pepper ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) share one of the few non-dangerous moments in 'Iron Man 3 . '
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
18 . 'Iron Man 3 ' ( 2013 )
The results are only so-so as Stark tussles with PTSD , criminally underused antagonist Mandarin ( Ben Kingsley ) and yawn-worthy villain Aldrich Killian ( Guy Pearce ) . The threequel also proved that , yes , too many armored suits are a bad thing — heck , even Gwyneth Paltrow gets one .
Loki ( Tom Hiddleston ) and Thor ( Chris Hemsworth ) foster a sibling rivalry in 'Thor : The Dark World . '
Marvel
17 . 'Thor : The Dark World ' ( 2013 )
Chris Hemsworth 's thunder god has a sequel that 's a blender of familiar fantasy tropes as Thor and love interest Jane Foster ( Natalie Portman ) have to deal with a dark elf with an Infinity Stone . Tom Hiddleston 's iconic trickster Loki is in fine form and the film 's highlight in every way .
A thunder god ( Chris Hemsworth ) comes to Earth to prove his worth in 'Thor . '
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel Studios
16 . 'Thor ' ( 2011 )
Not Marvel 's greatest solo movie , but certainly one that takes some admirable swings . A quasi-family drama that boots Thor from the realm of Asgard to Earth in fish-out-of-water fashion so he can be worthy of his mystical hammer , Mjølnir .
The good guys roll out the welcome mat for a killer robot in 'Avengers : Age of Ultron . '
Marvel
15 . 'Avengers : Age of Ultron ' ( 2015 )
Bursting with a packed ensemble , it 's lacking the superteam mojo of the first `` Avengers . '' Only when we see Hawkeye ( Jeremy Renner ) and his secret home life do we get that great Joss Whedon touch . Also : Bless James Spader 's heart for being the world 's snarkiest killer robot .
Hope Van Dyne ( Evangeline Lilly , left ) and Scott Lang ( Paul Rudd ) suit up as partners in `` Ant-Man and the Wasp . ''
MARVEL STUDIOS
14 . 'Ant-Man and the Wasp ' ( 2018 )
The satisfying sequel doubles down on all the aspects that made the original `` Ant-Man '' joyful with one big ( or , small , depending on how you look at it ) addition : Evangeline Lilly debuts her winged and awesomely rough-and-tumble Wasp on an adventure that takes its size-changing heroes from San Francisco to the Quantum Realm .
Thor ( Chris Hemsworth , left ) and Bruce Banner ( Mark Ruffalo ) team up in 'Thor : Ragnarok . '
Marvel
13 . 'Thor : Ragnarok ' ( 2017 )
Thor and Hulk make a dynamic duo in the best `` Thor '' solo film ( and funniest Marvel project ) , and anything with the two of them is magic . It 's just too bad the larger narrative featuring a hostile takeover by goddess of death Hela ( Cate Blanchett ) takes a backseat to the various shenanigans .
Benedict Cumberbatch brought magic to the Marvel world with 'Doctor Strange . '
Marvel
12 . 'Doctor Strange ' ( 2016 )
Benedict Cumberbatch gets a fantastically weird and trippy introduction to the MCU as a sorcerer supreme who goes from rich jerk to humbled hero . It 's a magical version of Iron Man 's origin and some gags are overly goofy , yet the filmmaking wizardry and effects are second to none .
Scott Lang ( Paul Rudd ) steals a suit that changes his life in 'Ant-Man . '
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
11 . 'Ant-Man ' ( 2015 )
The heist comedy with a super-shrinking dude was a bigger risk than `` Guardians of the Galaxy . '' Paul Rudd , Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly are great together , though , and Marvel gave us something we had n't seen yet : a hero who 's also an ex-con dad .
Robert Downey Jr. and 'Iron Man ' jumpstarted the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Zade Rosenthal/Paramount Pictures
10 . 'Iron Man ' ( 2008 )
The beginning , the kickoff , the OG . A crew of Avengers was probably still a pipe dream for fans and most of Hollywood when Robert Downey Jr. first put on the Iron Man suit , but from the start , the signature swagger , attitude and swig of humility he gave Tony Stark set the tone for everything that was to come .
Ned ( Jacob Batalon , left ) and Peter ( Tom Holland ) nerd out in 'Spider-Man : Homecoming . '
9 . 'Spider-Man : Homecoming ' ( 2017 )
Spider-Man , Spider-Man , does whatever a spider can — and when you 're Tom Holland , the new version of the teen web slinger , you also deal with balancing extracurriculars , getting a date for the big homecoming dance , trying to impress Tony Stark and fighting the Vulture in an epic young-adult adventure .
Steve Rogers ( Chris Evans ) supports his fellow soldiers in 'Captain America : The First Avenger . '
Jay Maidment
8 . 'Captain America : The First Avenger ' ( 2011 )
Marvel nailed the origin story of Steve Rogers ( Chris Evans ) , the little guy whose heart was bigger than his biceps until a super-soldier serum pumped him up . It offered a great World War II aesthetic , two-fisted adventure and a moral code that created an intriguing thread for his next two movies .
Peter Quill ( Chris Pratt ) hangs with his dad ( Kurt Russell ) , a living planet , in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 . '
Chuck Zlotnick
7 . 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 ' ( 2017 )
They had us at “ Kurt Russell plays a living planet. ” The gravy is everything else : adorable Baby Groot dancing in the middle of a space battle , Dave Bautista 's Drax being the buff , oddball voice of reason , and Michael Rooker 's space outlaw Yondu stealing the show .
Thanos ( Josh Brolin ) is out to smash superheroes and grab some Infinity Stones in `` Avengers : Infinity War . ''
MARVEL STUDIOS
6 . 'Avengers : Infinity War ' ( 2018 )
The third Avengers film is the all-night buffet of superhero fare , with a slew of folks rallying to fend off Thanos , a dude bent on destroying half the universe . It 's all pretty tasty , though , with great one-liners , a narrative where good people make some bad decisions , and a stupendous cliffhanger that you 'll love to hate .
Erik Killmonger ( Michael B. Jordan ) and T'Challa/Black Panther ( Chadwick Boseman ) do n't see eye to eye on Wakanda 's future in 'Black Panther . '
Matt Kennedy
5 . 'Black Panther ' ( 2018 )
From hanging in the 1990s Oakland to flying through futuristic present-day Africa , the first solo film for Chadwick Boseman 's warrior king is a magnificent journey with awesome set pieces ( including a car chase through South Korea that 'll leave you breathless ) and a near-perfect villain in Michael B. Jordan 's Erik Killmonger . Wakanda forever !
Marvel 's A-list came together for 'The Avengers . '
Marvel
4 . 'The Avengers ' ( 2012 )
Whedon 's jam-packed ensemble completely lived up to its giant-size expectations . While the heroes-batting-each-other trope is starting to get played out , the excitement is palpable and fanboy hearts melt when hammers and shield fly as Iron Man , Cap and Thor meet .
It 's Team Cap vs . Team Iron Man in 'Civil War . '
Zade Rosenthal
3 . 'Captain America : Civil War ' ( 2016 )
Personal and political stakes are at play as Cap chooses his best friend ( and brainwashed assassin ) over Iron Man , blowing up the Avengers dynamic . Plus , it has the best superhero battle of them all and memorable intros for Black Panther ( Chadwick Boseman ) and Spider-Man ( Tom Holland ) .
The not-quite-Avengers-yet crew has to save the universe in 'Guardians of the Galaxy . '
Marvel
2 . 'Guardians of the Galaxy ' ( 2014 )
Fantastic tunes , a strange cast of characters that inexplicably works , and a story where you 're hooked on a bunch of feelings , from the emotions of young Peter Quill crying over his dying mother to the hilarity of grown-up Peter ( Chris Pratt ) explaining Footloose to new pal Gamora ( Zoe Saldana ) . We are Groot , indeed .
Cap ( Chris Evans ) and Nick Fury ( Samuel L. Jackson ) are at the center of a big ol ' conspiracy in 'Captain America : The Winter Soldier . '
Marvel
1 . 'Captain America : The Winter Soldier ' ( 2014 )
More political thriller than superhero blockbuster , Captain America 's second solo film — and the best Marvel jam of them all — taps into timely themes of privacy concerns , an enemy growing from within , and military might be used in ethically questionable ways . Come for the timeliness , stay for Cap wrecking a bunch of guys in an elevator .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A spokesman says former President George H.W . Bush is in `` good spirits '' at a Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment .
The 93-year-old was taken to a hospital on Sunday when he experienced low blood pressure and fatigue hours after attending a pancake breakfast at the American Legion post in Kennebunkport .
His spokesman said in a tweet Wednesday that Bush is talkative and in good spirits but that the treatments to address his blood pressure `` are expected to take several more days . ''
The nation 's 41st president arrived in Maine on May 20 after being treated for a blood infection . He 's without his wife of 73 years , Barbara Bush , who died in April in Houston .
The Latest : Ukraine faked death of Russian journalist
The Latest on the reported slaying in Ukraine of a Russian journalist : ( all times local ) :
5:25 p.m .
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko , who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday , has shown up at a news conference very much alive .
Vasily Gritsak , head of the Ukrainian Security Service , told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko 's death to catch those who were trying to kill him .
Kiev and national police had said Babchenko , a strong critic of the Kremlin , was shot multiple times in the back at his apartment building and found bleeding by his wife .
He showed up at Gritsak 's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning his death .
Babchenko , 41 , one of Russia 's best-known war reporters , spoke and wrote year about leaving the country because of repeated threats that he and his family would be harmed .
___
2:35 p.m .
A top lawmaker says Russia is willing to help Ukraine investigate the murder of a Russian journalist .
Arkady Babchenko , who was scathingly critical of the Kremlin , was gunned down in the Ukrainian capital , Kiev , on Tuesday .
Babchenko fled Russia last year , fearing for his life , and settled in Ukraine . He had served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s and became one of Russia 's best-known war reporters .
Vyacheslav Volodin , speaker of the State Duma , told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it .
Ukrainian authorities have said they think Babchenko was killed because of his work . Several Ukrainian politicians blamed the Kremlin for the killing . Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed those comments as cynical .
Author : Associated Press
Share :
COLOMBO - Sri Lanka 's Court of Appeal on Wednesday suspended elections for the crisis-ridden cricket board , whose president Thilanga Sumathipala is being challenged for the top job . The Court of Appeal suspended for two weeks a vote due to be held Thursday pending the hearing of a petition by Nishantha Ranatunga , who argued that Sumathipala is unsuitable for re-election .
`` The court issued a stay order on the elections till June 14 , '' a court official said . Sumathipala is pitted against Ranatunga , a younger brother of Sri Lanka 's 1996 World Cup-winning captain Arjuna Ranatunga , in the election . The Ranatunga brothers accuse Sumathipala of violating International Cricket Council regulations by holding office despite alleged links to gambling . Sumathipala acknowledges that his family is involved in gambling , but says he has nothing to do with the business and has not violated the ICC code of conduct .
In 2016 Arjuna Ranatunga stood for vice president but lost by 22 votes to businessman Jayantha Dharmadasa , while Nishantha Ranatunga who stood for president lost by 32 votes to Sumathipala .
The latest court intervention in the cricket board came as four Sri Lankans were implicated in an alleged match-fixing scandal exposed in an Al Jazeera documentary broadcast on Sunday . Arjuna Ranatunga told reporters that cricket corruption in Sri Lanka was far more serious than alleged in the report and blamed the ICC for not acting swiftly . Sri Lankan police as well as the ICC have begun investigations into the allegations .
An open house celebrating CEO Blair Brubaker 's retirement is planned for 2-4 p.m. on Friday , Dec. 15 . The event is open to the public and will be held at RT Industries , 110 Foss Way , Troy .
TROY — After 36 years in the same field , RT Industries CEO Blair Brubaker is retiring from the job that helped him find his direction in life .
Brubaker 's last day at the non-profit , a partner agency of Riverside Developmental Disabilities that provides employment opportunities for adults with disabilities , is Dec. 31 .
After graduating from high school in 1973 , Brubaker felt aimless and uncertain about his future . He was working for his father 's business , Brubaker 's Interiors , when a delivery of donated carpet samples to Riverside changed the course of his life .
He dropped off the samples and was given a tour by one of the employees , who talked him into volunteering .
“ About six months later , my dad sat me down and said , ‘ Blair , you 're spending more time volunteering than you are working for me . This is telling you something , ' ” Brubaker recalled .
Impressed by the services Riverside offered , especially for the adults , he knew for the first time what career he wanted to pursue . Brubaker attended Miami University and after graduation , and sent out only one resume .
“ That was in 1981 and they hired me , ” he said . “ That 's how my career started . From dropping off some donated items and then volunteering after that . ”
RT Industries , which incorporated in 1974 , works to develop employment opportunities for Miami County residents with disabilities . The agency serves more than 200 adults in the county , through community employment and job development , adult day services , volunteer opportunities and more .
A lot has changed in the developmental disabilities services field in 36 years , Brubaker said . The agency serves more people now than in the past and provides more opportunities and services .
“ We do a variety of things that the public is probably not aware of , ” he said . “ We have 80 people who come in here every day to work in our production facility , we provide job coaches for the career center , we take care of the roadside rest areas … the menu of services and options they can choose from has increased dramatically . ”
RT Industries also operates adult day services , offering outings and activities , volunteer opportunities , art classes and more .
“ I think we have a lot to be proud of , ” Brubaker said .
There has also been a statewide push to privatize services for adults with disabilities , Brubaker said . Beginning in January , RT Industries is set to be completely privatized , although it will continue to receive partial funding from Riverside Developmental Disabilities . The county has worked for the last 10 years to plan for privatization , he said .
” A business like RT Industries is n't successful unless the people that we serve are , ” he said . “ Just seeing all the success stories , whether it 's getting a job in the community , whether it 's being able to do a task . I mean , we serve such a wide range of individuals that each person has their own successes . And that 's been great . ”
Over the years , Brubaker said he 's enjoyed hearing from employers in the community who are pleased with the employees RT Industries has trained and seeing employers appreciate their capabilities .
“ The people we serve are so much more like us than they are unlike us , ” he said .
Once RT Industries gets their “ foot in the door ” with an employer in the community , employment opportunities typically expand . “ But , boy , is it hard to get our foot in the door sometimes , ” he added .
He 's also enjoyed getting to spend time with the people RT Industries serves .
“ I 've know many of these people since they were kids , ” he said . “ It 's been a fantastic experience , it really has . I consider myself very , very fortunate . ”
With retirement just a few weeks away , Brubaker said has no concrete plans for retirement beyond taking the opportunity to relax .
“ I 'm looking forward to spending more time with my wife , though I 'm not sure you 'd hear the same thing from her , ” he joked .
The Piqua native lives in Troy with his wife and they enjoy the outdoors and traveling , especially road trips .
“ He will be truly missed , ” incoming CEO Ashley Brocious said of Brubaker . “ He 's like a celebrity around here . You can see how people run to him when he comes in the door . ”
She also pointed out the honors and awards he 's been given in recent months , including a letter from Congressman Warren Davidson and recognition from State Sen. Bill Beagle . Brubaker was also one of the first recipients of the Ohio Association of Adult Services ' and Provider Support Group 's Lifetime Member Award .
“ It means a lot , ” he said .
Brocious , a Fletcher resident , worked for RT Industries for about a year before being named as the non-profit 's next leader . Since then , she and Brubaker have worked closely together to prepare for the transition .
“ I have a very content feeling , ” he said . “ RT will be in good hands for years and years to come . ”
On his last day of work , Brubaker said he hopes to be the last person to leave the building .
“ I want to be the last one here , for it to be dark , ” he said . “ I 'll have my little box ready and I 'll be the last one out the door . ”
Brubaker http : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/12/web1_Brubaker_cmyk.jpg Brubaker Cecilia Fox | AIM Media Midwest Retiring RT Industries CEO Blair Brubaker and incoming CEO Ashley Brocious have been working closely together for months to make the transition as easy as possible . Brubaker said he 's content to retire knowing the non-profit agency is in good hands . http : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/12/web1_CSC_0254.jpg Cecilia Fox | AIM Media Midwest Retiring RT Industries CEO Blair Brubaker and incoming CEO Ashley Brocious have been working closely together for months to make the transition as easy as possible . Brubaker said he 's content to retire knowing the non-profit agency is in good hands . http : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/12/web1_NextDoor-1.jpg
Brubaker retiring from RT Industries
By Cecilia Fox cfox @ troydailynews.com
You 're invited : An open house celebrating CEO Blair Brubaker 's retirement is planned for 2-4 p.m. on Friday , Dec. 15 . The event is open to the public and will be held at RT Industries , 110 Foss Way , Troy .
Reach Cecilia at cfox @ troydailynews.com .
Reach Cecilia at cfox @ troydailynews.com .
When Jack Clarke was 8 years old , doctors told his parents that he 'd likely never walk or talk again .
On Sunday , he walked across the Drake Knapp Center stage to accept his diploma during the Valley High School graduation ceremony .
One of those cheering him on was Valley Principal Tim Miller . The principal and the student have been eating lunch together off and on for six years — since their time together at Stilwell Junior High .
`` He is just such an amazing young guy and has a great love of life , '' Miller said last week . `` He 's got such a positive outlook on everything he does and transfers that joy to others . ''
Clarke 's medical problems arose in elementary school after a shunt used to drain excess fluid from around his brain — he was born with a condition called hydrocephalus — became infected .
`` Everything that could go wrong went wrong , '' said his mother , Melissa Clarke-Wharff .
Clarke had six strokes in two weeks and spent a month in a coma .
The second half of his third-grade year was spent at an inpatient medical facility . He does n't remember much of that time , but he does remember the physical therapy he had to endure while attending fourth-grade classes part-time .
`` It about emotionally about broke me , '' his mother said . `` I got my motivation and strength from Jack . I saw he was working for this as well . I just did n't believe that he was n't going to be able to walk . ''
He eventually had 38 leg surgeries to help him regain mobility .
When is been time for Clarke to move to junior high , his family met with Miller , who was principal of Stilwell at the time .
`` I saw Tim 's commitment to Jack . He said , 'This kid 's got it , and we 're going to bring it out of him , ' '' Clarke-Wharff said
That 's when Miller and Clarke first began spending their lunch period together .
`` Every lunch , he was there , '' Clarke said . `` I did n't really know anybody else besides him . He would mingle with the students . I just found that so cool how he was able to do that . ''
Miller was transferred to Valley High during Clarke 's eighth-grade year . But the friendship and lunches resumed two years later on Clarke 's first day at Valley High .
The principal said he sits in the cafeteria each day to be accessible to students . He was n't in the lunchroom just for Clarke , but Clarke was the bonus , he said .
`` All the credit goes to Jack , '' Miller said . `` He has a magnetism about him . Anything that people have done to help him , they 've done because of the way he is . ''
That help — from family , friends , teachers and doctors — went a long way to getting Clarke to Sunday 's graduation ceremony .
The Valley graduate is heading to Des Moines Area Community College in Ankeny next fall .
And he 's already got some lunch dates planned this summer with Miller , who is retiring at the end of June .
`` We 'll see each other one way or another , '' the principal said . `` We said we were going out together . ''
© Gannett Co. , Inc. 2018 . All Rights Reserved
It 's the television deal that has Hollywood talking .
Since 2005 , prolific TV producer Shonda Rhimes has helped broadcast television in its ongoing battle against shifting viewing habits — fueled by DVR viewing and the convenience of on-demand streaming services — with a collection of ABC series built on high drama that drive viewers to tune in on a designated night and time . Now , Rhimes , well versed in high-stakes moves , is taking her TV empire to Netflix .
The mastermind behind prime-time hits “ Grey 's Anatomy ” and “ Scandal ” has signed a multi-year deal with the streaming service . As part of the deal , Rhimes will bring her L.A.-based production company , Shondaland , to Netflix to produce original series and projects . ( Betsy Beers , Rhimes ' longtime producing partner , will also make the move to Netflix . )
Existing Shondaland shows on ABC — “ Scandal , ” “ Grey 's Anatomy ” and “ How to Get Away with Murder ” — as well as those in development at the network , will continue to air there . Here 's a look at the hits and misses from Shondaland .
Patrick Dempsey and Ellen Pompeo in `` Grey 's Anatomy . '' ( Michael Desmond / ABC )
“ Grey 's Anatomy ”
The series follows the sordid lives of a group of doctors at a Seattle hospital , with Meredith Grey ( Ellen Pompeo ) at the center .
`` I wanted to create a show that I wanted to watch , '' Rhimes told The Times in 2005 . `` I wanted it to be about women , about competitive women who were like me and my friends . ”
The series was slotted as a midseason replacement in spring 2005 and ended its first season with a hefty 20 million viewers . Though viewership has experienced some erosion since then , the series closed out its 12th season as ABC 's highest-rated drama among the advertiser-coveted demographic of adults ages 18 to 49 .
Amy Brenneman , left , and Kate Walsh in a scene from `` Private Practice . '' ( CRAIG SJODIN / ABC )
“ Private Practice ”
A spin-off of “ Grey 's Anatomy , ” the medical drama focused on neonatologist Addison Forbes Montgomery ( Kate Walsh ) as she moved to Santa Monica from Seattle in her search for a new life while working at a wellness center . The series also starred Taye Diggs .
After Walsh announced she 'd be leaving the series at the end of its sixth season , the decision was made to end the show .
Martin Henderson , left , with Thomas Blake Jr. and Jason George in a scene from `` Off the Map . ( Mario Perez/ABC )
“ Off the Map ”
The medical drama about a group of doctors working in a remote South American village starred Mamie Gummer and Martin Henderson . A Times review described it as “ so inspirational and message-laden it would not be out of place on Oprah Winfrey 's new network. ” The series aired on ABC from January to April . But Rhimes had something more promising in store .
https : //twitter.com/shondarhimes/status/69207078421528576 ? lang=en
Kerry Washington as Olivia Pope in ABC 's `` Scandal . '' ( Danny Feld / ABC )
“ Scandal ”
The series follows Washington , D.C. , “ fixer ” Olivia Pope ( Kerry Washington ) and is loosely based on former George H.W . Bush administration press aide Judy Smith .
The show premiered to lukewarm reviews and soft ratings as a midseason replacement in 2012 , but the fast-paced drama picked up steam after it generated strong word of mouth via social media , particularly Twitter . The heavy engagement on the social media platform has become a template in how television shows — particularly their casts — can engage with an audience and promote appointment viewing .
When it premiered , it stood as the first network television drama since 1974 with a black female lead character . In 2013 , Washington became the first African American to earn an Emmy nomination for lead actress in a drama since Cicely Tyson in 1995 .
The series will wrap its run at the end of its upcoming seventh season .
Viola Davis in a scene from `` How to Get Away With Murder . '' ( Mitchell Haaseth / Associated Press )
“ How to Get Away With Murder ”
Unlike the other shows , Rhimes is not the creator of `` How to Get Away With Murder . '' The series , a sexy legal thriller in which Viola Davis plays a criminal defense professor who gets entwined in a murder conspiracy with four law students from her class , was created by Peter Nowalk , who had previously worked as a writer on “ Grey 's Anatomy ” and “ Scandal. ” Rhimes serves as an executive producer .
The launch of the series gave ABC an opportunity to make a night out of the Rhimes brand of programming . The network christened Thursdays as `` TGIT '' ( Thank God It 's Thursday ) .
`` I think everybody else thinks it 's a bigger deal than I do , '' Rhimes told The Times in 2014 . `` I know it 's an incredible amount of trust that 's being placed on me , I get that . ... But I 'm not really thinking about , 'Oh , I 'm the Thursday queen . ' Uh , no . I 'm thinking , 'Grey 's ' has to be good , ‘ Scandal ' has to be good , and ‘ Murder ' has to be damn good . ' ” The block remains a valuable assert to the ABC schedule .
Meanwhile , Davis has earned three Emmy nominations for lead actress in a drama — and , with her 2015 win , she became the first black woman to take home the trophy .
Peter Krause and Mireille Enos in a scene from `` The Catch . '' ( Richard Cartwright / ABC )
“ The Catch ”
The series , created by Kate Atkinson , Helen Gregory and Jennifer Schuur and executive produced by Shondaland , was anything but a catch for ABC . The caper drama , which starred Mireille Enos and Peter Krause , had been plagued by changes since its debut — it switched up showrunners and its format underwent retooling for a more romantic comedy tone . The series lasted two seasons .
Lashana Lynch as Rosaline and Sterling Sulieman as Prince Escalus in `` Still Star-Crossed . '' ( Jose Haro / ABC )
“ Still Star-Crossed ”
The Elizabethan period drama , from creator Heather Mitchell and produced by Shondaland , was a sequel of sorts to Shakespeare 's “ Romeo and Juliet. ” Based on the book of the same name by Melinda Taub , the series starred Lashana Lynch as Rosaline Capulet and Wade Briggs as Benvolio Montague , who are being forced to marry each other to unite their families . It premiered in May to low ratings and was quickly banished to Saturdays .
Next up on ABC
Courtroom drama “ For the People , ” from “ Scandal ” writer Paul William Davies , follows rookie attorneys on both sides of high-profile cases . “ Samantha Who ? ” co-creator Don Todd has been tapped to serve as showrunner of the series , which is being prepared for midseason .
Also on deck is another “ Grey 's Anatomy ” spinoff , which will revolve around Seattle firefighters . “ Grey 's ” veteran Stacy McKee will serve as showrunner .
Look north , homebuyers ! And why not ? This property , repped by Bridget Elkin at Daniel Gale/Sotheby 's , is very close to the bay , in peaceful , quiet , picturesque Orient . Set on 2.36 acres , there 's a Hamptons-style saltwater pool and plenty of room for whatever else you 'd to add . The exterior is simple , plain , and unpretentious . Looks almost like an 18th century house , actually .
The interiors are bang up to date , everything having been recently redone in shades of gray . We quite like the gray , mostly , except for the floorboards which strike us as too instrusive -- we 'd want to darken or bleach them . The kitchen and bathrooms are all done in gray too with the occasional spot of bright color .
The house is n't large by Hamptons standards at 3450 square feet , with three full and two half baths . A buyer might be able to finish a lower level , though , if they wanted more space .
Prices in the area are all over the place , and this is the most expensive property for sale in the Orient , but we 're thinking it 's not a bad price given the generous acreage and the pristine state of the house . What do you think ?
For more , click here . 860 Diedricks Road , Orient
Both the Clinton County Bat Dawgs and Lady Bat Dawgs were defeated in the opening rounds of the district tournament last week , but had several members announced to the District Tournament Teams .
Nate Matthews
Senior • Infield
Son of Mike Matthews and
Sam Matthews
Holden Shepard
Senior • Outfield/Infield
Son of Jon Shepard and Laura Hatfield
Ely Baker
Senior • Infield/Pitcher
Son of Russell
and Carla Baker
Makayla Cope
Junior • Infield/Pitcher
Daughter Patrick and
Tabitha Cope
Abigail Tallent
Sophomore • Infield
Daughter of Nathan Tallent and Linsey Duvall and
Dale and Penny Duvall
Cydney Sampson
Junior • Pitcher/Outfield
Daughter Tim and
the late Elaine Sampson
Share :
ASTORE : - The district administration of Astore has issued an alert call and sought suggestions from all the stakeholders to cope with any situation after acute shortage of water was reported in Sadpara Dam . The administration here on Tuesday said water level in Sadpara Dam has fallen to alarming level that may trigger the issue of outages and water crises in the area . Owing to the situation , the administration has sought suggestions and appealed for cooperation from the local community . The administration warned that supply of electricity , generated through the dam may be affected badly from the month of Sept besides creating shortage of water for the drinking and irrigation purposes .
Rick Diamond/Getty Images for SkyvilleMelissa Etheridge thinks it 's silly there 's a stigma around smoking weed , especially since it helped her cope with her treatments after being diagnosed with breast cancer in 2004 . She even cops to sharing marijuana with her two oldest kids .
“ It was n't about being high , ” she said of using medical marijuana in a new Yahoo documentary Weed and the American Family . “ It was just being to a place where I could communicate with my children , to where I could get up , to where I could eat . It was great medicine . ”
Melissa , 55 , said she feels it 's important to educate her children about weed without a sense of shame .
The singer and her wife of three years , Linda Wallem , are parents to 10-year-old twins , Johnnie Rose and Miller Steven , along with adult children , Bailey , 20 , and Beckett , 18 .
“ I have smoked with my older two [ children ] , ” Melissa says in the documentary . “ It was funny at first , and then they realized , it 's a very natural , end-of-the-day [ thing ] and it brings you much closer . I 'd much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink — oh , God , no . ”
“ My children have a very clear understanding of cannabis , ” Etheridge adds . “ When I hold it without shame or confusion , then they can understand it as simple as if I was pointing to a bottle of Percocet and said , ‘ That 's Mama 's medicine . ' ”
She added , “ You take the naughtiness out of it , and it 's not something that kids run to . ”
Johnnie and Miller 's biological mom is Melissa 's ex , actress Tammy Lynn Michaels . Bailey and Beckett 's biological mom is another of Etheridge 's exes , Julie Cypher . Their biological father is rock legend David Crosby .
The Grammy Award-winning singer said she 's also smoked with her wife , calling cannabis “ the best marital aid . ”
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Comments
Alabama authorities say a thief who could n't figure out how to shift out of first gear led a slow-speed chase in a flatbed truck .
Jefferson County Chief Deputy Randy Christian tells AL.com the 16-mile ( 26 kilometer ) chase never topped 30 mph ( 48 kph ) . It ended when the transmission seized , stopping the truck .
Authorities say 29-year-old Randy Dewayne Vert of Pinson faces multiple charges , including attempting to elude and resisting arrest . His bail is set at $ 5,900 .
Deputies say the chase began early Wednesday when deputies checked on a car abandoned in Birmingham and were told a man had just stolen a nearby Kenworth T-300 flatbed delivery truck .
Christian jokes , `` Thank God he could n't find second gear - the pursuit could have gotten all the way up to 35 mph . ''
Researchers Examine The Psychology Of Protest Movements
Social science researchers examine whether extreme protest tactics are an effective way for recruiting popular support . The public may not be relating to protesters like the way protesters aimed for .
According to a recent report of an organization not less than the UN , Pakistanis has been ranked as the 75th happiest country in the world . Fortunately , we have outshined all our neighbouring countries such India which was ranked 133 , Iran 106 , Bangladesh 115 , Sri Lanka followed by Afghanistan at145 .
I feel happy that we have been ranked as the 75th happiest nation of the world and lucky we have crossed all our neighbouring countries according to the report . One needs to be happy in life since darkness does n't cover our life all the time , light has to come and our life is like a book some pages are good , some pages are bad but this all together makes up the complete story of our life . We need to be happy so that the world accepts us as a happy and united nation .
ZEESHAN NASIR
Via email
Related
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
The sixth-generation Ford Mustang is entering its fifth year on the market and there 's plenty that awaits you in showrooms if you have n't pulled the trigger yet .
Speaking of triggers , the big news for 2019 is the arrival of a new Mustang Bullitt . The car celebrates this year 's 50th anniversary of the movie “ Bullitt ” and comes with a unique 475-horsepower version of the Mustang GT 's 5.0-liter V-8 . The car has also been fitted with additional performance upgrades , and naturally it can be ordered in Dark Highland Green .
Also arriving for 2019 is the Mustang GT California Special , which is inspired by the Mustang GT/CS dealer special introduced for 1968 . The modern car , based on the Mustang GT , gives a nod to the original with a blacked-out grille and a stripe . It does n't boast any extra power so matches the 460 hp of the stock Mustang GT .
2019 Ford Mustang GT Convertible California Special Enlarge Photo
Ford has also expanded the color palette for 2019 . Taking a leaf out of Dodge 's playbook , the Blue Oval has introduced new vintage-inspired colors including Velocity Blue , Need for Green and the Bullitt 's aforementioned Dark Highland Green .
Other updates include a rev-matching function for Mustang GTs equipped with a six-speed manual ; a 12-speaker Bang & Olufsen audio system ; and an active exhaust system for the Mustang EcoBoost .
The range starts with the Mustang EcoBoost , which is powered by a 2.3-liter turbocharged inline-4 delivering 310 horsepower and 350 pound-feet of torque . The Mustang GT sports a 5.0-liter V-8 with 460 hp and 420 lb-ft . Both models are available with either a six-speed manual or 10-speed automatic , and there are also available performance packs to further sharpen things .
2019 Ford Mustang GT Convertible California Special Enlarge Photo
At the top of the range , for now , are the Shelby GT350 and GT350R models . These come with a 5.2-liter V-8 good for 526 hp and 429 lb-ft , and manual transmissions only . Next year , a Shelby GT500 boasting over 700 hp will join the range .
Sales of the 2019 Mustang start this summer .
For more on the Ford Mustang , read the in-depth reviews at The Car Connection .
Another Ugandan singer loses car
Uganda 's dancehall star Rodney Y who calls himself Owentolomwe became the second singer in a space of one week to lose car .
Car registration number UAW311N ( Black Runx ) was stolen on Friday night at freedom city along Entebbe road .
“ We 're still looking for the lost car… .. The car is said to be in areas like Nyanama , Zaana , Namasuba , Ndeeba , Ndejje , Kikajjo , Bunamwaya , Kabowa , Wankulukuku , KuStar Kigo Lubowa AbaitaAbabiri , Seguku , Makindye , Katwe Kibuye , SalamaRoad , Mengo , Nateete Kabusu , Busega , Bulenga , Masaka Road , Mityana Road , ” he wrote on his official Facebook page appealing residents to help him find it .
Freedom City is the very place where Spice Diana 's car was also stolen during Christmas when she was on stage performing .
Rodney Y came to the limelight last year for his hit , Kabako which helped him stage a successful show at Nyondo club where he raised money he bought his now stolen car .
It looks like the thieves are targeting singer 's cars since in 2016 police registered over four cases of car theft belonging to singers .
Seoul/ Washington : A top North Korean official was headed to New York on Tuesday for talks with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo , the latest indication that an on-again-off-again summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un may go ahead next month .
Trump confirmed in a tweet that Kim Yong Chol , a former spy chief and trusted adviser to North Korea 's leader , was on his way for what would be the highest-level meeting in this week 's flurry of diplomatic activity aimed at salvaging the historic summit .
`` We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea , '' Trump said in a Twitter post on Tuesday . `` Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit , and more . Kim Young ( sic ) Chol , the Vice Chairman of North Korea , heading now to New York . Solid response to my letter , thank you ! ''
Kim Yong Chol , vice chairman of the ruling Workers ' Party 's Central Committee and formerly head of a top North Korean military intelligence agency , will meet Pompeo later this week , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said .
`` The United States continues to actively prepare for President Trump 's expected summit with leader Kim in Singapore , '' she said .
But she stopped short of saying the meeting had been reinstated after Trump canceled it last week in a letter to Kim , citing `` open hostility '' in North Korean statements .
This week 's talks are aimed at determining whether North Korea is prepared to make sufficient commitments toward getting rid of its nuclear weapons , a U.S. official said , despite Pyongyang 's insistence it will not unilaterally denuclearize .
Trump thinks `` ongoing discussions are going very well , '' Sanders said . She was referring to talks over the weekend between U.S. and North Korean officials in the demilitarized zone dividing the two Koreas and a White House logistics team 's discussions with North Korean counterparts in Singapore .
The senior North Korean envoy was expected to arrive in the United States on Wednesday after speaking to Chinese officials in Beijing , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said .
The New York talks suggest that planning for the unprecedented summit , initially scheduled for June 12 , is now moving ahead - and possibly into a more advanced phase .
Kim Yong Chol will be the most senior North Korean official to meet top officials for talks in the United States since Jo Myong Rok , a marshal , met then-President Bill Clinton at the White House in 2000 .
Kim Yong Chol coordinated the North Korean president 's two meetings with Pompeo in April and May .
North Korea has faced years of isolation and economic sanctions over its nuclear and missile programs since it conducted its first nuclear test in 2006 .
The North had tested missiles believed to be capable of reaching the United States , but Trump has vowed not to let Pyongyang develop one that could deliver a nuclear warhead .
NUKES AND TROOPS
North Korea has rejected U.S. demands that it unilaterally abandon its nuclear program . It defends its nuclear and missile programs as a deterrent against what it sees as U.S. aggression . The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea , a legacy of the 1950-1953 Korean War .
Asked what would need to happen for the summit to take place , Sanders told reporters : `` Denuclearization has to be on the table and the focus of the meeting . ''
Trump 's aides will soon assess whether Kim Jong-un is willing to take serious steps before making a final decision on whether to go ahead with the summit , the U.S. official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Kellyanne Conway , a top adviser to Trump , told Fox News a summit might not take place on the date originally set but perhaps might go ahead shortly after .
Events have moved quickly since Kim Jong-un made a conciliatory New Year 's address at the end of last year , with Trump in March accepting Kim 's invitation to meet following months of sharply rising tension and warlike rhetoric between the two .
As efforts intensified to get the summit back on track , the
White House also said on Tuesday that Trump would meet with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Washington on June 7 .
APPARENT WAIVER FOR NORTH KOREAN
The United States and South Korea blacklisted Kim Yong Chol
for supporting the North 's nuclear and missile programs in 2010 and 2016 , respectively . But he was granted special permission for official travel to the United States , said State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert .
During his tenure as a senior intelligence official , Kim was accused by South Korea of masterminding deadly attacks on a South Korean navy ship and an island in 2010 . He was linked by U.S intelligence to a cyberattack on Sony Pictures in 2014 .
North Korea denied any involvement in both attacks .
Human rights abuses in North Korea , including violations of religious freedom , are a `` matter of discussion '' ahead of the planned summit , Sam Brownback , U.S. ambassador at large for international religious freedom , said on Tuesday .
But Washington wants North Korea 's nuclear program to be the focal point .
A leading U.S. expert , Siegfried Hecker , a former director of the U.S. Los Alamos weapons laboratory in New Mexico who is now at Stanford University , was quoted by Monday 's New York Times as saying denuclearization could take 15 years .
A report issued on Tuesday by the Washington-based Institute of Science and International Security argued it could be done in as little as two years for verified dismantling of key parts of the nuclear weapons program .
2017 ACC Women 's Swimming & Diving Championships
Monday , February 13 – Thursday , February 16
Georgia Tech Aquatic Center , Atlanta , GA ( Eastern Standard Time )
Prelims 10AM / Finals 6PM
Championship Central
Psych Sheet
Live Results
List of Events
Live on ACC Network Extra 6 – 8:30PM
Day 3 of the 2017 Women 's ACC Championships bring fast swimming in the 400 IM , 100 fly , 200 free , 100 breasts , and 100 back . NC State now has the lead in the team standings , but the defending champions from Virginia , who currently sit in 2nd , will look to battle back today .
WOMEN 'S 400 IM
Kaitlyn Jones , Virginia , 4:09.94 Reka Gyorgy , Virginia Tech , 4:09.98 Hannah Moore , NC State , 4:10.93 Rachel Politi , Virginia , 4:11.07 Catherine Hulsey , UNC , 4:11.34 Kira Debruyn , Georgia Tech , 4:12.99 Rachael Bradford-Feldman , Louisville , 4:13.65 Fiona Donnelly , Virginia Tech , 4:14.03
The Cavaliers have 2 in the championship final with top seed Kaitlyn Jones and 4th seed Rachel Politi . Jones will be looking to defend her title in the event tonight as a senior . She 's been as fast as 4:06.33 before , so look for a significant time drop tonight .
Virginia Tech also got 2 in with Reka Gyorgy and Fiona Donnelly . Gyorgy was the only swimmer other than Jones to break 4:10 this morning . Coming in behind her for 3rd seed was NC State 's Hannah Moore .
WOMEN 'S 100 FLY
Hellen Moffitt , UNC , 50.99 Grace Oglesby , Louisville , 52.27 Leah Goldman , Duke , 52.29 Sarah Koucheki , UNC , 52.37 Tayla Lovemore , FSU , 52.38 Alyssa Marsh , Duke , 52.43 Erin Sheehan , Notre Dame , 52.46 Nastja Govejsek , Louisville , 52.75
UNC 's Hellen Moffitt was in a league of her own this morning , crushing the field with a 50.99 . She 'll be joined in the final by teammate Sarah Koucheki , who took 4th . Louisville and Duke each got a pair in as well , with Grace Oglesby and Nastja Govejsek representing the Cardinals , while Leah Goldman and Alyssa Marsh represent the Blue Devils .
WOMEN 'S 200 FREE
Mallory Comerford , Louisville , 1:43.74 Leah Smith , Virginia , 1:42.79 Jessica Hespeler , Virginia Tech , 1:44.96 Jenn Marrkand , Virginia , 1:45.22 Abby Dolan , Notre Dame , 1:45.42 Haibing Wang , Georgia Tech , 1:45.87 Morgan Hill , Virginia , 1:46.23 Eryn Eddy , Virginia , 1:46.32
The big storyline individually tonight is the race between Virginia 's Leah Smith and Louisville 's Mallory Comerford , who were just 5 hundredths apart this morning . Team wise , this should be a huge event for Virginia , as they make up half of the championship final . Freshman Morgan Hill has been clutch for the Cavaliers , making the championship final in her first conference meet .
WOMEN 'S 100 BREAST
Andee Cottrell , Louisville , 58.61 Kayla Brumbaum , NC State , 58.85 Laura Simon , Virginia , 59.01 Lina Rathsack , Pitt , 59.80 Natalie Pierce , Florida State , 59.98 Meaghan O'Donnell , Notre Dame , 1:00.13 Vivian Tafuto , Virginia , 1:00.35 Silvia Guerra , Louisville , 1:00.53
Louisville 's Andee Cottrell came within a few tenths of her own Meet Record this morning to take top honors in 58.61 , while teammate Silvia Guerra snuck into the A-final at 8th . Also swimming sub-59 with a new personal best time was NC State 's Kayla Brumbaum ( 58.85 ) . Virginia 's Laura Simon rounded out the top 3 . She 'll be joined in the final by teammate Vivian Tafuto , who took 7th seed . Look out for FSU 's Natalie Pierce as well , as she 's been as fast as 58.37 this season .
WOMEN 'S 100 BACK
With each team playing a pair of early conference games last week , we learned a little bit about the Big Ten this year . While there have been a lot of questions about the strength of the conference following the Big Ten/ACC Challenge , the competitiveness will make for a tremendous and entirely unpredictable season .
Here 's how my latest Big Ten Power Rankings , presented by ArcelorMittal , stack up .
1 . Michigan State ( 9-1 , 2-0 ) . The Spartans have n't been perfect , but no one in the country has so far this season . December may be the most important month for Michigan State , but not for the games on the schedule . This team will benefit greatly from some practice time to clean up execution and certain defensive situations that has given it problems .
Last week : 1
2 . Purdue ( 10-2 , 2-0 ) . The Boilers are beginning to play like an elite-level team . The guard depth and balance will keep them in games when Isaac Haas and Matt Haarms are limited by some of the conference 's strong frontcourt players . The ceiling is high , but they 'll still be tested by Big Ten opponents .
Last week : 3
3 . Minnesota ( 8-3 , 1-1 ) . I 'm not holding the loss at Nebraska against the Gophers , but they did show some certain vulnerabilities on the defensive end . Depth will be an issue , plus they 'll receive the best effort from conference opponents as expectations are high for this team . A healthy Eric Curry would put them on another level .
Last week : 2
4 . Maryland ( 9-3 , 1-1 ) . The Terps are still very young and they 'll evolve a bit as the season goes on . Having Anthony Cowan and Kevin Huerter both capable of handling the ball and scoring is key , but the post activity of Bruno Fernando and Michal Cekovsky will be necessary in conference play .
Last week : 5
5 . Northwestern ( 5-4 , 1-1 ) . It has been a rough start for the Wildcats , who still have high expectations . The approach last season was to achieve something special in reaching the NCAA tournament . This year they will have to bring the same level of intensity to make a return trip . That appears to have been the biggest issue early this year , however I see them beginning to turn it around .
Last week : 4
6 . Ohio State ( 8-3 , 2-0 ) . The Buckeyes have been one of the most impressive Big Ten teams this season . While there is nothing flashy about them , they appear to have welcomed the coaching and teaching of Chris Holtmann and his staff . The fundamentals and principles with which they 're adhering to mimic the recipe for success that has made Wisconsin so successful over the past 15 years .
Last week : 8
7 . Penn State ( 8-3 , 1-1 ) . There are times when Penn State plays down to its competition , and that is a sign of youth . It is also a sign of a program that is not used to having the type of talent and potential that is present in State College . When the Nittany Lions force teams to play their game , and not simply try to match up with their opponent , they could end up being a top 5 Big Ten team . For them , it 's all about belief .
Last week : 7
8 . Michigan ( 8-3 , 1-1 ) . The Wolverines are an example of how important stability at point guard is . It would n't surprise me if they finish as high as fifth in conference , but it also would n't surprise me if they struggle from time to time and finish eighth . I 'll keep them here for the time being , as I expect John Beilein to do what he always seems to do : teach and make his team better every day .
Last week : 6
9 . Illinois ( 7-4 , 0-2 ) . I 'm sold on the future of this program under Brad Underwood . It is a style of play that will require recruiting a specific type of athlete and player , but the pieces are there for them to be successful now . There will be some growing pains , which is to be expected anytime players are adjusting to a new system . The intensity and pressure will challenge Big Ten opponents from top to bottom .
Last week : 9
10 . Indiana ( 5-5 , 1-1 ) . The Hoosiers are showing a willingness to compete , and they seem to be settling into a new system and coaching staff . While the process of building culture and accountability will take years , the potential to be competitive in the Big Ten is there now . This is particularly the case when Deron Davis is able to command attention in the post . He is very skilled and will be aggressive against some of the conference 's notable frontcourt players .
Last week : 12
11 . Iowa ( 5-6 , 0-2 ) . I 've been encouraging Hawkeye fans to be patient with their team , but maybe I 'm wrong . Maybe this team needs some pressure , as sense of urgency and intensity seem to be their biggest hindrance . I still love the individual pieces , but the swagger they had last season seems to be dormant . Someone needs to emerge as the alpha on this team if it wants to turn it around .
Last week : 10
12 . Wisconsin ( 4-7 , 1-1 ) . Although Wisconsin was able to pick up a good road win at Penn State , I struggle to see how this team will be able to compete at a high level in conference play . The injuries to D'Mitrik Trice and Kobe King make it that much tougher . I hope the Badgers struggles do n't take away from anyone 's perception of how good Ethan Happ is , though . He 'll earn every basket he makes this year .
Last week : 11
13 . Nebraska ( 7-4 , 1-1 ) . The home win vs. Minnesota seemed all too typical of Huskers teams , but it 's a reminder that the ability to be competitive in the Big Ten is there . That 's particularly the case at Pinnacle Bank Arena , where Nebraska has a clear home court advantage . It 's hard to imagine Nebraska maintaining that level of play , but developing chemistry and consistency could change that perception .
Last week : 13
14 . Rutgers ( 8-3 , 0-2 ) . After seeing Rutgers play Michigan State in person , the growth , the belief and the potential of this program is steadily on the rise . Geo Baker is likely the future of this program , and if so , the future is bright . Winning five or six games in conference play would n't surprise me , and it would certainly be a step in the right direction .
Last week : 14
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections , issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law .
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women , at no additional cost . Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act .
Trump 's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him , but it 's likely to have a limited impact on America 's largely secular workplaces . Most women no longer pay for birth control , and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court .
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump 's new policy , the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans . Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies , since female workers are central to most enterprises .
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out , and that 120,000 women would be affected . However , it 's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond .
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit , the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent , from 21 percent , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
The Trump administration 's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship , religiously affiliated nonprofit groups , and closely-held private companies . Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom . Privately owned for-profit companies , as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption .
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion . With limited exceptions , abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees . No public subsidies can be used , except in cases that involve rape , incest , or preserving the life of the mother .
Doctors ' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration 's move on birth control .
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation 's rate of unintended pregnancies .
“ Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘ to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans , ' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women 's health , ” said the organization 's president , Dr. Haywood Brown .
Women 's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes .
“ The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women , ” said Fatima Goss Graves , president of the National Women 's Law Center . “ We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules . ”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away .
___
AP writer David Crary in New York contributed to this report .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Kerry MacDonald actually enjoyed being scrutinized a little extra going through airport security this time .
“ They wanted to know about all the metal in the bottom of my bag , ” the UBC Thunderbirds men 's volleyball coach said about his trip home from the U Sports nationals with his team Monday morning via Pearson International Airport in Toronto .
“ They ended up pulling out all the extra medals . I explained to them that when you win a championship you get to bring some things home with you . ”
MacDonald and his charges have something they 'll gladly declare : they 're Canadian champions for the first time since 1983 . UBC defeated the two-time defending national champion Trinity Western Spartans 3-0 ( 25-22 , 25-18 , 27-25 ) in the national final on Sunday at McMaster University in Hamilton .
Trinity Western was looking for their fifth title in eight seasons and to become the first team to claim the crown in three straight years since Winnipeg won four straight from 1971-74 .
As luck would have it , they were on the same flight home as the T-Birds on Monday .
“ We just rolled up to the gate and they were here . We certainly were n't expecting it . It 's a little awkward , ” admitted MacDonald .
🏐🚹 The @ ubctbirds are the 2017-18 @ usportsca champions !
Keith West brings an end to an extended third set at 27-25 , kissing tape with the attack that finds the floor ! 3-0 UBC ! # BackToMac # ChampSZN pic.twitter.com/tfhWzkOHv4 — U SPORTS Volleyball ( @ USPORTS_VBall ) March 18 , 2018
MacDonald did have plenty of things to distract himself with instead . He says he had “ never received that many text messages and emails in a 12-hour span . … I have n't gotten back to most of them . ”
“ We 're lucky . We have great alumni and they really connected with our team , ” continued MacDonald , who took the helm of the T-Birds in June , 2016 , replacing Richard Schick , who “ parted ways , ” with UBC after 12 seasons running the program .
“ Winning means a lot . The 35-year drought weighed on a lot of people 's minds . UBC has had some phenomenal teams , but we had n't been able to get a championship again until now . ”
The drought meant enough to MacDonald that when it came time to decide on a combination for the lock on the volleyball team 's room at UBC he opted for 1-9-8-3 .
“ We 'll be changing that now obviously , ” he said .
Trinity Western , behind national player of the year Adam Schriemer , were the top seeds at nationals . They finish the season 42-3 . Besides Sunday , they also dropped a regular season matchup on the road with Brandon Bobcats in November and a regular season encounter at home to UBC in February , falling 3-1 ( 22-25 , 25-22 , 25-17 , 25-19 ) . They won at UBC the next night , taking it 3-2 ( 16-25 , 25-20 , 20-25 , 25-21 , 15-13 ) .
The loss on Sunday snapped a 21-match playoff winning streak . Trinity Western won three straight Canada West crowns , as well as the two U Sports championships , over that time .
Trinity Western had also not been swept by a team in 50 matches . The last time was Jan. 7 , 2017 , versus the visiting Saskatchewan Huskies .
UBC were the No . 3 seeds at McMaster . They had lost to Alberta Golden Bears in the Canada West semifinals , and then defeated the Winnipeg Wesmen for the third and final spot out of the league to nationals .
The T-Birds beat Alberta 3-1 ( 25-17 , 25-18 , 22-25 , 25-20 ) in the national semifinals on Saturday .
“ Ben ( Josephson ) has put together a great program at Trinity Western , ” MacDonald said of the Spartans ' head coach . “ We 're happy that we got to play them for a championship .
“ They 're going to be as good next year , if not better . They 're going to sustain . They always do . They 've set the bar for other programs in this country .
“ We sold out their gym this year . They sold out our gym . It 's great for volleyball . And this will only help that . ”
Schriemer , a setter , was one of two fifth-year players on the Trinity Western roster . UBC lists five fifth-year players , including tournament all-star Irvan Brar .
UBC setter Byron Keturakis was picked as tournament most valuable player .
“ It still has n't set in quite yet . I think with the buzz in the air around school and people getting excited there , it will probably sink in when we get home , ” Brar said Monday morning from the airport .
sewen @ postmedia.com
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com
The hype for Star Wars : The Last Jedi has hit unreal levels in the days leading up to its release . The first reactions to the highly-anticipated follow-up to Star Wars : The Force Awakens have been almost universally positive . One specific thing that has been of note is Mark Hamill 's performance as Luke Skywalker , which some have called award-worthy . Disney and Lucasfilm seem to agree , as they 're launching an Oscar campaign to get Mark Hamill nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards .
It 's not that surprising that Disney and Lucasfilm are campaigning to get some awards love for Star Wars : The Last Jedi . The franchise is no stranger to awards , but it 's garnered more love in technical categories from the Academy over the years . Is Mark Hamill 's performance in the movie really that good ? We hope so , but they are also campaigning for Daisy Ridley to be nominated in the Best Actress category for her second go as Rey , according to Awards Circuit .
`` Mark Hamill ( @ HamillHimself ) will campaign in LEAD ACTOR for the # Oscars for Star Wars : The Last Jedi ! Daisy Ridley will also campaign in LEAD ACTRESS ! # StarWars # TheLastJedi # FYC ''
While the idea of Mark Hamill possibly being nominated for his return as { NEnJZT8lr6i7qt|| is poetic , let 's not get too ahead of ourselves . According to Awards Circuit , Disney and Lucasfilm are campaigning to get Star Wars : The Last Jedi nominated in every major category . That includes Best Picture , Rian Johnson for Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay , among others . Though , this is n't the first we 've heard of Hamill giving an Oscar-caliber performance in The Last Jedi . J.J. Abrams earlier this year indicated as much .
`` I think we are all going to be very upset if he does not win an Oscar , and no one more upset than Mark . ''
When first Star Wars was released , Alec Guinness was nominated for Best Supporting Actor for his work as Obi-Wan Kenobi . So the idea of an actor being nominated for their work in a Star Wars movie is n't unheard of . But the field is very crowded this year and it could be really tough to actually get Mark Hamill a nomination . He 's certainly a great actor and everyone is eager to see him back as Luke , given how limited his screen time was in Star Wars : The Force Awakens .
The Golden Globes released their list of nominees and Star Wars was n't featured in the major categories . But with Star Wars : The Last Jedi arriving in theaters this weekend , the movie will be getting more attention and Academy members will be able to see it . You can check out the full list of nominations Disney is hoping to earn for Star Wars : The Last Jedi , courtesy of Awards Circuit Twitter , for yourself below . Will we be hearing the words , `` And the Oscar goes to , Mark Hamill '' next year ? Probably not , but would n't that be cool ?
Former Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she 'll challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September .
“ I love New York , and today I 'm announcing my candidacy for governor . Join us , ” Nixon tweeted alongside a two-minute video .
“ New York is my home . I 've never lived anywhere else , ” she said .
READ MORE : Kim Cattrall calls out ‘ cruel ' Sarah Jessica Parker for ‘ exploiting ' tragedy of brother 's death
“ I 'm a proud public school graduate , and a prouder public school parent . I was given chances I just do n't see most of New York 's kids today . Our leaders are letting us down , ” she said in her campaign video .
She goes on to say that while she loves her home state , “ something has to change . ”
The ad includes footage of Nixon giving political speeches at events , including the People 's State of the Union event , last year 's Stonewall Inn LGBTQ rally in support of immigrant rights , the 2017 Women 's March in New York City , a Human Rights Campaign gala and the 2009 National Equality March in Washington , D.C .
READ MORE : Sarah Jessica Parker settles ‘ Sex and the City 3 ' probability once and for all
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the “ anti-Trump party . ”
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues .
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favoured 66 per cent to 19 per cent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll .
Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon 's candidacy . But recently , he mocked the celebrity status the Grammy , Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race .
“ Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavour , ” Cuomo told reporters earlier this month . “ If it was just about name recognition , then I 'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel do n't get into the race . ”
READ MORE : Cynthia Nixon , ‘ Sex and the City ' star , wo n't commit to running for Governor
Last month , at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign , which has endorsed Cuomo on , she took a backhanded stab at the governor 's record : “ For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state , New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country . ”
Actress Rosie O'Donnell took to Twitter to announce her support for Nixon .
CYNTHIA NIXON FOR GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK ! # myFULLsupport – she is one of kind – brilliant – brave bold and so smart – a true leader # NIXON4NY pic.twitter.com/5hSeCDzzer — ROSIE ( @ Rosie ) March 19 , 2018
Nixon has been rumoured as a potential candidate since last summer .
Appearing on the Today show in August , Nixon would n't answer when she was asked whether she plans to mount a campaign , but she said she had heard “ rumours ” about her potential challenge to Cuomo in the Democratic primary .
“ I think there are a lot of people who would like me to run , and I think for a variety of reasons , ” she said at the time . “ But I think the No . 1 is education . We 've got a real problem on our hands in New York state . ”
READ MORE : ‘ Law & Order : SVU ' star Diane Neal announces run for Congress
She went on to criticize Cuomo 's handling of public education , saying the gap between rich and poor schools has never been greater .
Nixon wo n't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot . Former Law and Order : SVU actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district .
—With files from the Associated Press
Carole J. Phillips , 80 , of Burlington , went to be with the Lord , surrounded by her loving family , on Wednesday , Oct. 4 , 2017 , at Timber Oaks Assisted Living Center in Union Grove . Carole was born Aug. 23 , 1937 , to Clair and Frances ( née Spry ) Pritchard in Chicago . She grew up and attended schools in Chicago . On June 19 , 1954 , she was united in marriage to Robert M. Phillips . Following their marriage they resided in Burlington where they raised their family .
Carole and Robert owned and operated Eastside Distributors , an Amway Business and manufacturer of Pom Poms and fuzzy dice for roller rinks . Carole also had worked at Wal-Mart in customer service . She was a member of the Burlington United Methodist Church and the Burlington Homemakers . She was very active in her daughters ' lives , serving as Brownie and Girl Scout Leader and supporting them in their extracurricular activities . Carole , as a young girl , helped raise her brother Ken . She was a very compassionate person in all she did .
Carole enjoyed sewing and working on crafts , but more than anything she loved taking care of her family , including her mother-in-law . They meant the world to her .
Carole is survived by her daughters , Sherry ( Tom ) Janke , Linda ( Randy ) Schroeder , Debra ( Mike ) French , Nancy Belau , Barbara ( Gye ) An and Katherine ( Andy ) Dorn , 11 grandchildren , nine great grandchildren and one great-great-grandchild . She is further survived by a brother , Ken ; brothers–in-law , Richard and Ben ; nieces , nephews , other relatives and friends . She was preceded in death by her parents , husband , two sons-in-law , a granddaughter , six sisters-in-law , and a brother-in-law .
Memorial Service will take place on Saturday Oct. 14 , 2017 , at 1 p.m. at Burlington United Methodist Church . Relatives and friends can visit with the family on Saturday Oct. 14 at the church from 11 a.m. to 12:45 p.m ..
The family would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to Sherman and the staff at Timber Oaks , Pastor Insor and the staff at Allay Hospice , for all their care and compassion .
Schuette-Daniels Funeral Home is serving the family . Well-wishers may visit www.danielsfamilyfuneral.com
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann believes a trip to high-flying Scunthorpe United today ( January 2 ) is the ‘ perfect ' fixture for his team
Posh dropped four points from two disappointing home draws against Gillingham ( December 26 ) and Coventry ( December 31 ) leading up to a trip to a side who went unbeaten on their own turf for the whole of 2016 .
Martin Samuelsen is back in the Posh squad .
But McCann , a former Scunthorpe playing star , believes the need for the home side to play positively against Posh could work against them .
Scunthorpe dropped out of the top two yesterday after losing to a 94th-minute goal at fellow promotion candidates Bolton .
New signings Junior Morias and Martin Samuelsen are expected to be in the Posh squad . There 's also a chance a new centre back could arrive in time to join the action at Glanford Park .
It 's a second spell on loan for Samuelsen who made his original Posh debut as a substitute in a 4-0 League One win at Scunthorpe last season .
Posh manager Grant McCann in his playing days at Scunthorpe .
McCann said : “ This is the perfect game for us in many ways . We need to bounce back after two disappointing home draws , but playing Scunthorpe away from home will be a totally different game .
“ They will try and come forward and hopefully that will play into our hands , but for any gameplan to work we will need everyone at their best against a very good side .
“ Scunthorpe have been at the top of the league for most of the season . They 've had some difficult games lately and they lost late on at Bolton yesterday so they will also be looking for a reaction .
“ They are a strong team with good experience throughout the side , but we will go there and give it a real go .
New Posh striker Junior Morias .
“ That would be the case regardless of who we are playing and we go there with confidence . We were one of the last teams to win at Scunthorpe so we know it can be done .
“ Hopefully the two or three new players we hope to have in the squad at Scunthorpe will add good quality to our game . We need to have more good days than bad ones in the second half of the season . ”
Posh travel to Scunthorpe in decent form . They finished 2016 on an unbeaten run of six games , their longest unbeaten run of the year .
Marcus Maddison , who created a late equaliser for Michael Bostwick in yesterday 's 1-1 draw at home to Coventry after coming on as a substitute , is expected to start .
The loan spells of George Moncur and Nathan Oduwa have come to an end . The players have now returned to Barnsley and Spurs respectively .
Cora Luetta Wannamaker , 94 , formerly of Alton , died at 9:33 p.m. Friday , Aug. 11 , 2017 , at Robing 's Manor Nursing Home in Brighton .
Per her wishes , her remains will be donated to Washington University Medical School .
Elias , Kallal and Schaaf Funeral Home of Alton is handling arrangements .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife , according to police records released Monday .
Samantha Bloom , who is disabled and uses a wheelchair , repeatedly called police about her son , James Alex Fields Jr. , in 2010 and 2011 , telling officers he was on medication to control his temper , transcripts from 911 calls show .
Fields , 20 , is accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer .
Fields , described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany , was charged with second-degree murder .
A judge denied him bail Monday after the public defender 's office said it could n't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest .
Fields was assigned a local attorney , and another hearing was set for Aug. 25 .
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after his mother reported in 2011 that he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife .
In another incident in 2010 , she said her son smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games . There was no indication in the records that he was arrested .
Also Monday , a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015 , a teenage Fields could n't stand the French and said he only went on the trip so that he could visit “ the Fatherland ” — Germany .
“ He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us , ” said Keegan McGrath .
McGrath , now 18 , said he challenged Fields on his beliefs , and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day . He said he went home after three or four days because he could n't handle being in a room with Fields .
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years .
“ He was just a normal dude ” most of the time , though he occasionally made “ dark ” jokes that put his class on edge , including one “ offhand joke ” about the Holocaust , McGrath said .
McGrath said Fields was no outcast : “ He had friends . He had people who would chat with him . ”
Meanwhile , under pressure to speak out more forcefully , President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members , neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “ criminals and thugs ” and declared that “ racism is evil . ”
Trump 's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name , and his blaming of the violence on “ many sides , ” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats .
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Hitler , and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union , Kentucky , for his “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race .
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication , according to the teacher , Derek Weimer .
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as “ a failure to meet training standards . ”
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash .
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America , one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee . The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields .
Associated Press writer Brian Witte in Annapolis , Maryland , contributed to this report .
Banning has sent the Marine League baseball race into a three-way tie for first place after holding on for a 5-4 victory over Carson on Tuesday . The Pilots ( 4-1 ) , Carson ( 4-1 ) and San Pedro ( 4-1 ) are deadlocked .
Banning opened a 5-0 lead , keyed by a three-run home run from sophomore Gabriel Gonzalez . Derek Chavez got the final two outs to earn his seventh save . Banning and Carson will play again Thursday at Carson .
Tommy Wilcox of Corona del Mar threw his fourth consecutive shutout in a 2-0 win over Northwood . His scoreless innings streak is at 31 innings .
( Reuters ) - India 's Shriram Transport Finance Co Ltd ( STFC ) said on Wednesday group firm SVL Ltd has the wherewithal to honour repayment on non-convertible debentures ( NCDs ) guaranteed by it .
Non-banking financial company STFC had provided a guarantee of about 8.72 billion rupees ( $ 126.86 million ) in favour of SVL for the NCDs issued three years back , according to its 2017-18 annual report released on Friday .
Caution crept in as previous annual reports did not disclose details about the guarantee , according to brokerage firm Jefferies . The commercial vehicle financier 's book value may take a hit of 4-5 percent if the guarantee is invoked and liability devolves on the company , Jefferies said .
STFC 's shares plunged 19.2 percent in intraday trade to a near nine-month low on Wednesday before recovering to close 11.7 percent lower .
The promoter group “ will address through alternate mechanisms to settle the dues ” if SVL defaults , STFC said in a statement .
“ Shriram EPC is a subsidiary of SVL Ltd. Shriram EPC has been referred to NCLT ( National Company Law Tribunal ) and hence there is a meaningful risk of this off balance sheet exposure becoming a liability for STFC ” Morgan Stanley analysts said .
SVL makes investments in sectors including renewable power , real estate and wind turbine manufacturing .
( $ 1 = 68.7350 Indian rupees )
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang admits he would love to return to AC Milan but insists there is nothing he can do if there is no interest .
The Borussia Dortmund star has been linked with a move to numerous clubs , including Real Madrid , Liverpool and Chelsea .
And , speaking on social media , Aubameyang claimed the Rossoneri are `` sleeping '' with rumours of moves for alternative targets Niokola Kalinic and Andrea Belotti .
He said on Instagram live : “ I 'd love to come back , but if they are sleeping , what can I do ? ”
( Image : Getty Images AsiaPac )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Familiar with the Serie A giants from his time in the academy before moving to Saint-Etienne as a 22-year-old , Aubameyang even imitated the famous San Siro announcer .
“ And with the number seven , '' he added .
Milan directors Massimiliano Mirabelli and Marco Fassone have overseen a remarkable transformation at the club and have reportedly made Aubameyang one of their potential targets .
They may now move quicker for the 28-year-old , though Dortmund insist he is not for sale .
By April Joyner
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday , and the S & P 500 and Dow registered their biggest daily percentage gains since May 4 , on signs of easing political turmoil in Italy and as a surge in oil prices boosted energy stocks .
The S & P 500 's gains erased the losses of Tuesday , when the index posted its first 1 percent drop in May . Fears about instability in Italy and the possibility of the country 's exit from the euro sent investors piling into safety assets on Tuesday . The U.S. Treasury market , on a total return basis , on Tuesday had its best day since at least July 2011 , according to the Bloomberg Barclay 's Treasury Aggregate Index .
Stocks reversed Tuesday 's slide as Italy 's 5-Star Movement made a renewed attempt to form a coalition government and called for eurosceptic Paolo Savona to withdraw his candidacy as economy minister .
The Italian government 's successful auction of five- and 10-year bonds also assuaged concerns about the country 's ability to finance itself after a sell-off in bonds on Tuesday resulted in the biggest one-day surge for two-year yields in 26 years .
Energy stocks posted the biggest gains of the 11 major sectors of the S & P 500 . The energy index rose 3.1 percent , its biggest one-day gain in seven weeks , as U.S. crude oil prices settled up 2.2 percent .
`` The risk of Italy leaving the euro is remote , '' said Kate Warne , investment strategist at Edward Jones in St. Louis . `` It 's a source of volatility but not a source of true concern for the financial markets . ''
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 306.33 points , or 1.26 percent , to 24,667.78 , the S & P 500 gained 34.15 points , or 1.27 percent , to 2,724.01 , and the Nasdaq Composite added 65.86 points , or 0.89 percent , to 7,462.45 .
The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks rose 1.5 percent to end at an all-time closing high , buoyed by data confirming the strength of the U.S. economy . Small-cap U.S. companies generally are more domestically focused than their large-cap counterparts .
Payroll processor ADP 's monthly report showed U.S. private sector employment increased by 178,000 jobs in May . The Commerce Department revised its estimate of first-quarter gross domestic product growth slightly downward , but economists estimate that GDP growth in the second quarter would rise above a 3 percent annual rate .
Cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com rose 1.9 percent and computer and printer maker HP Inc jumped 4.0 percent after both companies raised their full-year profit forecasts .
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 4.05-to-1 ratio ; on Nasdaq , a 2.13-to-1 ratio favoured advancers .
The S & P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and two new lows ; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 197 new highs and 33 new lows .
Volume on U.S. exchanges was 6.83 billion shares , compared to the 6.59 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days .
( Additional reporting by Medha Singh in Bengaluru ; Editing by James Dalgleish and Leslie Adler )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Several times during the day and sometimes at night , 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling .
She 's a shade under five feet tall , slight , maybe 120 pounds . He 's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully .
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $ 100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone .
First she glides a lift over top of Alex , places colour-coded straps around his body , and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling .
She then pushes him : to bed , from bed ; to the toilet , from the toilet ; to a lounge chair , from a lounge chair , to his wheelchair , from his wheelchair .
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair , and when he slumps a bit too far , his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up . That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs .
“ I used to say , only age is a number , ” says Jeong Suk , her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent .
“ But now , ” she says about her struggles , “ the age is right . ”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day , and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha , friend Michael Kerr , and personal support workers , the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman .
“ I always talk to him now , ‘ Before I die you have to . . . ' ” Jeong-Suk says but can not finish because her face bows in tears .
Alex , who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage , is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility .
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list . Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways .
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list . If there are 50 people on the list , chances are you 're waiting 50 years to get the support you need .
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently , with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago , a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky .
The lawsuit seeks $ 100 million in damages for negligence , claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ ad hoc , inconsistent and unreasonable manner . ”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie , and Newbury to Stratford .
If you 're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities , you qualify for a personal support worker . Even in this category , there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help .
If you 're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs , you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region .
If you 're an adult , not a youth or yet a senior , you have even dimmer prospects .
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they do n't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available .
“ The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community . This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training , ” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions .
“ We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals , client characteristics or wait list data . ”
Last year , Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario 's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy . At the time , there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province .
In the South West LHIN , London 's Participation House has 40 spaces available , and 60 to 90 on the waiting list .
That 's where Alex would like to go .
The brief outline of Alex 's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House , then raised the issue in the legislature . Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter , but acknowledged Ontario 's disabled residents need more help .
At the news conference , Alex 's sister and tireless advocate , Jin Cha , spoke for an allotted two minutes .
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family 's challenges , in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities , like her brother .
“ Alex has a sharp brain but he 's trapped in that body , ” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother .
Born with cerebral palsy , Alex was an active person for a long time . But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth , and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage .
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after , Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him . They put a stair glide , porch lift and grab bars in the home to help .
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House .
Over the next 13 years , Alex suffered more falls , including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord , the loss of almost all mobility , and the threat of one more fall killing him .
The family sold their home , and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment .
Jin lives in the same building , with her nephew , whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care .
“ We do try to focus on the positive , ” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears . She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother , tease him and confirm with him what she 's saying .
The doctors , the personal support workers , the people she 's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind , she says .
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work . Jin is the organizer . She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises . Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections , toileting ( with 64 photographs and instructions ) , extra clothes to show where they are kept , getting him out of bed ( 37 photographs with instructions ) , washing routine ( 23 pages ) and breakfast ( five pages ) .
“ He can not direct his own care . He ca n't verbally tell someone something . ”
A full-time teacher , Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules , doctor 's appointments , regular blood tests and other chores . She 's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list .
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month , although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April .
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit . On Sundays , she rushes to church and back while the family helps .
The rest of the days , suffering from arthritis herself , Jeong-Suk has to do Alex 's physio and massages , wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals , brush his teeth , turn him so he does n't get bed sores , scratch him when he 's itchy , shower him and on and on .
“ I ca n't get her recharged . She does n't know what that is , ” Jin says .
As her mother ages , Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care .
“ We are a private family , but we ca n't keep quiet anymore . We do n't have a voice . ”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press , including his discharge documents from Parkwood .
“ Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine ( bathing , dressing , grooming , toileting ) and feeding . ”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care , with seniors .
Alex is not a senior . He spends hours online at night communicating with others .
“ He has a sharp brain . Everything works . He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he 's funny , ” Jin says , turning to smile at him and tap his knee .
When he was told he had to live in a seniors ' home , Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor .
Jin starts to cry when she explains why .
“ What he 's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home . It 's a death sentence . It 's like I 'm choosing my mom 's life over his . ”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex , typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand , his right , on his computer .
The thought of going to long-term care : “ I rather die if I have to go there . I really need help . ”
But the note contains humour as well .
“ My family members ca n't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes . ”
In a short visit at his home , Alex 's humour often breaks through his damaged body .
It 's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive .
“ It 's not your fault , ” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family . “ I 'm just trying to be a voice for you . ”
Alex tries to say something . I love you , perhaps .
“ We 'd come and visit you every day , ” Jin promises .
Alex roars in laughter , reacting the same way every adult would at that thought .
“ Oh God , ” he says .
rrichmond @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Riyad Mahrez will be in turmoil after being denied his dream move to Manchester City – and I do n't blame him .
No disrespect to Leicester , who are perfectly entitled to hold Mahrez to his contract , but he has outgrown them .
Is Leicester ever going to win the title again ? No – and they wo n't win a trophy of any kind if they keep picking weakened teams in the cup competitions .
Are they ever going to offer him Champions League football again ? Probably not .
Do they have much to gain from keeping a disaffected player at the club ? Not in my opinion .
Mahrez has seen N'Golo Kante and Danny Drinkwater go to Chelsea , his Algerian team-mate Islam Slimani loaned out to Newcastle and Jamie Vardy nearly joined Arsenal before turning them down .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
He 's seen other star players being allowed to fly the nest for good money – so why are Leicester demanding a king 's ransom for Mahrez ?
A move to City would almost guarantee him winning more trophies , possibly including the Champions League , and a chance to play for Pep Guardiola , arguably the best coach on the planet .
After everything he has done for Leicester – a £460,000 snip who is now worth more than 100 times as much – surely there comes a point where it is churlish to stand in the way of his ambition .
( Image : REUTERS )
What sort of mentality is he going to be in for the rest of the season ? Leicester are not going to finish in the top four and they are not going to go down , so I do n't understand why they were not prepared to let him go for £60m , which is what City were believed to be offering .
Is £59.5m not a big enough profit to make on a player who was a huge part in delivering that title miracle in 2016 ?
In my opinion , Mahrez is worth £75m — but if he wants to go , he 's only worth as much as Leicester can get for him .
There is talk of him being fined for failing to show up for training , but I know – from personal experience – how galling it can be when your heart lies elsewhere in football .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
When I was a player and I wanted to leave Birmingham for Blackburn , I caused havoc when I did n't get my way at first .
I 'm not proud of my behaviour – I was smashing balls away in training , knocking on doors , getting sent home and being an all-round nuisance – but I never downed tools .
Even when I was made to turn out for the reserves , I applied myself in a professional manner during games although it came to a point , away at Newcastle , where I was only at 95 per cent – and that was the end for me and Steve Bruce , and I got my way .
And I have to admit : If I had been denied my move to Blackburn , I would never have forgiven Bruce .
( Image : PA )
So what does Mahrez do next ?
He could tell Leicester he will knuckle down to the end of the season , as required by the terms of his employment , in return for the Foxes promising to revisit his contract in the summer .
Many players now have a stipulated buy-out clause . One option might be for club and player to agree the trigger – somewhere around £50m , nothing outrageous or in the realm of the £142m Liverpool received for Philippe Coutinho .
Or , if Leicester refuse to review his contract , he could make excuses about injury , illness , burn-out , family problems or anxiety . I have heard and seen all of those – because I resorted to many of them myself !
( Image : Leicester City FC )
That is a smarter way of withdrawing your labour than simply telling them he will never kick another ball for the club .
I had a month to make my move to Blackburn happen – but Mahrez only had few days . If City had registered their interest earlier in January , I suspect they would have struck a deal well inside the deadline .
Even now , when Leicester look at the bigger picture , surely they will have to concede that Riyad Mahrez has been an unbelievably good player for them ... but it 's time to let him fulfil his potential .
Will Mahrez be shunned as an outcast in the dressing room by his team-mates ? I doubt it – my best guess is that he will be welcomed back with open arms by the players – probably with a generous helping good-humoured banter on the training ground .
( Image : Getty )
It will be interesting to see if he loses the plot . Like I said , I would have been smashing the manager 's door down .
But it goes to show how unsettling a transfer window can be : One minute your star player is performing right at the top of his game , the next his head is all over the place when the champions-elect bid for him .
The biggest worry is that it will destroy Mahrez mentally if City look elsewhere in the summer and he never gets another opportunity to play for them .
As a player , you have to be selfish sometimes . When West Ham had a problem with Dimitri Payet last season , it turned out to be in everyone 's best interests that he was sold .
He was never going to be of much use to them while he was tossing and turning at night , and sulking every day in training .
( Image : Plumb Images )
And in the case of Mahrez , I see no benefit in keeping a player who may only go through the motions .
Playing for City in the Champions League , or winning the title , will energise him and make him keep raising the bar instead of being stuck in a comfort zone with Leicester in mid-table .
What is wrong with ambition , and wanting to play at the highest possible level ?
I respect Mahrez for that – and I hope he will be given the chance to make his dreams come true .
Lorain , Ohio -
City workers have been cutting down dozens of oak trees in Lorain 's Oakwood Park leaving sprawling , wide open space behind .
The park was once known for its mighty and majestic oak trees .
Lorain Councilman Angel Arroyo said many of the trees were rotting or dead , but he wants residents to know there 's a plan for the park .
Arroyo said it 's all a part of a nine million dollar grant to completely renovate the large park in South Lorain ..
Everything from new basketball courts , baseball , football , and soccer fields , splash pads , tennis courts and much more .
`` There 's going to be an amphitheater here now , so we can host concerts in South Lorain . There 's going to be a pond there for possibly recreational activities . I 'm excited for what 's going with what this new park is going to be able to bring to South Lorain , ” Arroyo said .
Neighbor Carmen Garza is happy to hear the park is getting a multi million dollar makeover , and that new trees will be planted .
`` Wonderful , that will be great , we need it , the kids need it , ” Garza said .
The renovation could take five years .
Share :
LAHORE - Speakers at the launch of Nasim Zehra 's book on Kargil battle were of the view that Pakistan gained nothing strategically out of the conflict with India which left many questions to ponder upon .
Titled , “ From Kargil to the Coup : Events which shook Pakistan ” the book was launched at a local hotel here .
Former Foreign Secretary , Salman Bashir , Defence analyst , Lt.Gen ( Retd ) Ghulam Mustafa , senior journalists , Arif Nizami , Suhail Warriach and Professor Ayeaha Jallal expressed their views on the subject matter .
Introducing her book to the audience , Nasim Zehra said she had tried to discuss and analyze the issues which triggered the military coup of 1999 after the Kargil episode .
“ My book is all about the flawed decision-making process in Pakistan . The purpose of writing the book is not to point finger at anybody but to retrospectively see where the leadership went wrong in the entire episode ” , she explained , adding , further that it is about how the people at the helms of affairs make important decisions .
Nasim Zehra said that Kargil was not the reason behind Musharraf 's sacking and the subsequent military coup of October , 1999 .
She argued that had this been the case , Mian Nawaz Sharif would not have elevated General Musharraf to the position of Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee after the Kargil war .
“ The trouble infact started after the Quetta Corp Commander [ Raja Tariq Pervaiz ] met the then Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif without informing General Musharraf about it ” , she said .
Nasim said it was just a coincident that her book has come out close to the general elections . She said that it was naïve to think that the book would benefit or harm Mian Nawaz Sharif or for that matter anybody else . She said that it was also wrong to link the Kargil war with the Lahore Summit because General Musharraf later tried to normalize relations with India on the lines agreed upon in the summit meeting held between Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Indian Prime Minister Vajpayee .
Speaking on the occasion , former Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar said that Kargil operation was a real goofy thing to do without taking into account its consequences .
She opined that Kargil battle was conceived by four persons only without consulting the experts and even the relevant military quarters were also kept in the dark . She said that Kargil battle was fought without devising a strategy as to how the soldiers fighting at the front lines would return back if needed .
She said rhat it was criminal putting the people [ soldiers ] in danger without preparing them for the possible escape and then disowning them right away [ after the defeat ] .
It was naïve on our part to tell the world that those fighting at the front were Mujahideen ( Freedom fighters ) and not the Pakistani soldiers . Is the world so crazy to believe it ? ” , she observed .
She said that those thinking that they could have Kashmir without having trade ties with India were actually trying not to have it at all .
She said that Kashmir was an issue between two nuclear giants which could only be resolved through negotiations .
She said that Kargil fiasco should have been a subject of study at country 's war colleges but sadly it was not the case . We need to learn from our mistakes , she stressed .
Noted defence analyst Lt Gen ( Retd ) . Ghulam Mustafa justified the Kargil operation stating it was a correct decision from the military point of view .
He , however , said that flawed planning and tactical mistakes led to the fiasco besides political leadership 's failure to defend Pakistan 's case before the world powers .
Mustafa stressed the need for collective handling of issues of national security by the civil and military leadership who were not on the same page at that time .
Giving his opinion on what went wrong and where [ during the Kargil operation ] , the retired General agreed with the author that problem started when we went beyond the set objectives .
He also supported open debate on the wars country had fought with India to learn from the mistakes . “ Why should not there be a debate here in Pakistan on such issues when the same is done in India ” , he asked .
Former Foreign Secretary Salman Bashir said that country 's leadership , both civil and military , should sit together to set the strategic priorities . According to him , the absence of a mechanism for institutional decision making was the real issue behind the civil-military rift on issues of national security .
He said that all institutions and persons on key positions in Pakistan were pursuing the same national cause ( Kashmir ) but there was a difference of opinion on the national priorities .
“ In my opinion , the country should focus on the socio-economic development and try to improve relations with India if we want to survive as a nation ” , he said .
Senior journalist Arif Nizami said that Benazir Bhutto had rejected the idea of Kargil operation during her second term as the Prime Minister .
He said that Musharraf believed that Mian Nawaz Sharif had sabotaged the gains made out of Kargil battle and which would have eventually helped Pakistan getting Kashmir from India . “ But we did not gain anything strategically out of the Kargil ” , he said . Nizami also criticised Nawaz Sharif for his poor handling of the issue , stating that he dashed to Washington DC without institutional consultation .
He viewed that military launched the Kargil operation after Indian PM Vajpayee visited Lahore and Musharraf refused to salute him .
Arif Nizami said that Mian Nawaz Sharif was right in his decision of sacking General Musharraf but he underestimated the military 's resolve to hit back after his successful attempt of sacking General Karamat .
Suhail Warriach lauded Nasim Zehra for writing a truthful account of the events which led to the Kargil war . He also praised the author the way she had connected the Kargil war with the subsequent military coup .
“ The whole issue is all about who should be taking the key decisions-the civilians or the military men. ” , he stated . Suhail also believed that Kargil was staged to make the coup later on .
Talking about the book , Professor Ayesha Jallal said that first part of the book dealt with the unintended consequences of the Kargil war while the second one was about the flawed decision making process in Pakistan .
The book also answers the question why the Pakistan leaders do n't learn lessons from the past mistakes , she said .
No , you did n't miss it . Fall has come late to the Eastern Sierra this year , which means good news for travelers who can squeeze in a last-minute getaway along U.S. Highway 395 . CaliforniaFallColor.com recommends “ go now ! ” for many parts of Bishop Creek Canyon near the town of Bishop and Conway Summit north of Mono Lake .
Heading up the 395 ? Stopping to scope out the sights is time well spent »
Bring warm layers of clothing , sturdy shoes and your camera as you drive up 395 . This Fall Color Guide & Map suggests 21 places to stop , from Big Pine Canyon and Bishop in the south to Monitor Pass in the north .
Here are five places that as of Friday are at peak or nearing peak colors , so do n't wait too long to go .
1 . Conway Summit
Aspens show their true gold at Conway Summit north of Mono Lake in the Eastern Sierra . John Poimiroo / CaliforniaFallColor.com
Conway Summit , at more than 8,000 feet above sea level , is near peak right now , according to the report . High-altitude color at the summit and nearby Virginia Lakes is pegged at 50 % to 75 % of peak right now .
How to get there : You can pull off Highway 395 between Bridgeport and Lee Vining to take in the colors and get a good view of Mono Lake too .
2 . June Lake Loop
Fall colors reflected in Gull Lake on the June Lake Loop of U.S. Highway 395 . John Poimiroo / CaliforniaFallColor.com
June Lake Loop is a drivable wonder that 's easy to find . On this route , you 'll find shorelines with trees turning gold set against jagged Sierra peaks — all reflected in a series of glacial lakes .
Color is turning fast right now . “ Lots of emerging yellow and lime surrounding the lakes and along the drive , ” the report says .
How to get there : Take Highway 395 north of Mammoth Lakes and turn onto California 158 west .
3 . Bishop Creek Canyon
View of the trees along North Lake Road in Bishop Creek Canyon , not far from the town of Bishop , Calif. Star Masterton
Usually , this area has peaked by October . But in a reversal of what usually happens , colors are popping at lower elevations before those higher up . Check out Table Mountain Campground , Willow Campground , Parchers Resort and Weir Pond in the South Lake area — all are at 75 % to 100 % of peak as of Friday .
Nearby Lake Sabrina and North Lake are just about at peak too .
How to get there : Take Highway 168 west near the town of Bishop . You 'll see turnoffs along the way for North Lake , South Lake and Lake Sabrina .
4 . Upper Rock Creek
Trees turning in Rock Creek Canyon north of Bishop . Jeff Simpson
Fall color in Upper Rock Creek and McGee Creek are at peak or close to peak . At McGee Creek , drive to the end of the road and take off on foot for about a mile . You 'll find a valley studded with yellow aspen set in an alpine setting .
How to get there : Look for turnoffs from Highway 395 to Rock Creek and McGee Creek canyons . These are little mountain roads that lead to trail heads too .
5 . Monitor Pass
A view of roadside groves of trees at Monitor Pass , Monitor Pass in the northern Sierra on California Highway 89 . Steve Greer
Monitor Pass , north of Bridgeport and Sonora Pass , is described as having patchy colors as of Friday , meaning just 10 % to 50 % of trees have turned . Some aspen trees are lime green , not yet into the yellow phase . The same is true of North Lake Tahoe and Truckee .
How to get there : Take California Highway 89 off 395 .
ALSO
View model train displays and shop for parts for your own at the Model Train Show at the Volusia County Fairgrounds Saturday 9 to 4 . For information go to gserr.com .
Orlando 's most authentic Oktoberfest celebration is the German American Society Oktoberfest taking place Saturday noon to 10 at 381 Orange Lane in Winter Park
A music festival with 10 bands each contributing to limited-edition beers is taking place called Ten10 Fest Saturday 1 to 10 at Ten10 Brewing in Ivanhoe Village .
There 's a fundraiser for the Audubon Center for Birds of Prey with live birds , music , an art market , glass blowing , acrobats and more called the Birds of Prey Fall Art Harvest Saturday 4 to 10 at Orlando Brewing .
More than 15 downtown bars join forces for an Oktoberfest celebration that takes over all downtown at “ Oktoberfest Downtown ” Saturday starting at 4 at the corner of Orange and Central . For info go to oktoberfestdowntown.com .
A community block party with vendors , music , food , a costume contest , a zombie walk and more is taking place at Zombietoberfest Saturday 5 to 10 in the Audubon Park Garden District .
And as always Orlando is wonderful .
Pope Francis became an ice cream man for a day on Monday as Rome charity workers dished out 3,000 helpings of gelato to the homeless and needy as his gift to them on his name day.Francis was born Jorge Mario Bergoglio and , in keeping with papal tradition , does not celebrate his birthday , but the feast day of the saint he was named after at birth . Monday is the feast of St. George and a holiday in the Vatican.The Vatican 's alms-giving office said 3,000 ice creams would be given out in the pope 's name to homeless and needy people who use the shelters , soup kitchens , health facilities and baths for the homeless in Rome , most run by Catholic charities.Francis has in the past treated Rome 's homeless to private tours of the Vatican Museums and a day at the circus as his guest.Last year , to mark the Church 's first World Day of the Poor , he said a special Mass for about 7,000 poor people in St. Peter 's Square and then treated them to a gourmet lunch in the Vatican and in pontifical universities in Rome .
COLUMBUS , Ohio -- New Ohio State basketball coach Chris Holtmann 's $ 3 million annual contract includes incentives for making the NCAA tournament and ensuring his players get good grades .
Ohio State signed the former Butler coach to an eight-year deal to replace Thad Matta , who was fired June 5 . The contract still has to be approved by university trustees , but Ohio State released the terms Wednesday .
Chris Holtmann 's Ohio State contract includes bonuses for making , and winning , the NCAA tournament , as well as the team 's performance in the classroom . AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
The contract contains bonuses for winning , including $ 40,000 for making the NCAA tournament and $ 100,000 for winning the national championship . Plus , Holtmann gets $ 50,000 if his players can maintain an average cumulative grade-point average of 3.0 . If the players can manage a cumulative 3.5 average , he 'll make $ 150,000 .
Editor 's Picks Ohio State AD says Holtmann was top target Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith said Butler 's Chris Holtmann was his top target to replace Thad Matta .
The contract also includes football tickets and a golf club membership .
He 'll be eligible for a raise beginning next year .
Ohio State was 17-15 last season and 7-11 in the Big Ten , and missed the NCAA tournament in 2016 and 2017 . All five of Matta 's 2015 recruits have transferred or quit the program , most recently star guard JaQuan Lyle . Starting center Trevor Thompson left for the NBA .
`` We have tremendous work ahead of us , '' Holtmann said in his introductory news conference , declining to put a timetable on when the Buckeyes will return to the NCAA tournament .
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report .
Faizabad ( Uttar Pradesh ) : Uttar Pradesh Shia Waqf Board chairman Waseem Rizvi on Friday suggested that Muslims who are against the construction of Ram temple in Ayodhya `` must go to Pakistan and Bangladesh '' .
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the Babri Masjid/Ram Janambhoomi dispute from 8 February .
Rizvi offered Friday prayers at the disputed site in Ayodhya and also met the chief priest of the Ram Janambhoomi , Acharya Satyendra Das .
On the occasion , he said , `` Those who are opposing the Ram Janambhoomi temple in Ayodhya and want to build the Babri Mosque there ... People having such fundamentalist mentality should go to Pakistan and Bangladesh . Such Muslims do not have any place in India . ''
`` Those who want to spread Jihad in the name of the mosque must go and join the forces of Abu Bakr Baghdadi , the Islamic State chief in Syria , '' Rizvi said .
He alleged that fundamentalist Muslim clerics are trying to destroy the country . They must migrate to Pakistan and Afghanistan , he said .
Reacting to Rizvi 's remarks , Shia clerics demanded that he be arrested for trying to communalise the atmosphere .
Talking to PTI , president of Shia Ulema Council Maulana Iftekhar Hussain Inquilabi alleged , `` Rizvi is a criminal involved in grabbing and illegal selling of Waqf properties . ''
`` He has been charge-sheeted by the CB-CID and to save himself from the claws of the law , he is enacting a big drama , '' he said .
`` During the rule of the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh , he was patronised by Mulayam Singh Yadav and then minister Azam Khan . Now , during the BJP government , he wants to be spared , '' Inquilabi said .
Super Bowl Sunday . The day we switch from being annoyed by commercials to being annoyed by all the stuff between the commercials . Football ? Bah ! We 're here for talking babies and beer frogs .
Looking to tap into this , TiVo is flipping its tagging system upside down for a feature they 're calling “ GameSkip ” — behind the scenes , they 'll be marking the football stuff as commercials , and marking the commercials ( plus the half-time show ) as the show . As a result , that “ skip ” button on your remote generally reserved for skipping past commercials will instead skip to the commercials .
TiVo 's Ted Malone outlined how it works here , noting that it wo n't start working until the game is over .
( Of course , you could also probably just… you know… watch them all in a big YouTube playlist a few minutes after the game . )
Meanwhile , the company is also rolling out support for the automation service IFTTT , allowing you to do things like automatically send a skip command whenever a commercial is detected , or to use your voice and Google Home/Amazon Alexa to make a lost remote start beeping . You 'll need a specific TiVo box ( Roamio or BOLT running the latest software ) in order to use the IFTTT stuff — if that sounds like you , you can find more details here .
[ via Dave Zatz ]
ADVERTISEMENT
It was September 1970 , a time when the Vietnam War was at its height , and American and South Vietnamese forces had flown into Laos to take part in a clandestine mission against the North Vietnamese Army . A ferocious firefight developed . Men were down . Who was going to save them ? Step forward Sergeant Gary M. Rose , a medic in the U.S. Special Forces .
Gary Michael Rose was born in Watertown , New York , in 1947 , and later moved to Los Angeles . There , he graduated from the James Monroe High School in 1965 . Two years after his graduation , Rose joined the U.S. Army and did his basic training at California 's Fort Ord camp . He went on to complete his advanced infantry training and parachute training at bases in Georgia .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some six months after joining the army , the then Private Rose was accepted for Special Forces training at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . After successfully completing the course , he graduated as a Special Forces medic . In April 1969 Rose was posted to Lopburi in Thailand where he helped train Thai military personnel .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) — Hope College started quickly and never looked back in a 76-59 victory over Calvin College Saturday afternoon at Van Noord Arena .
Dante Hawkins led the Flying Dutchmen with 23 points . Jason Beckman had 22 points and Preston Granger added 18 points in the victory .
Calvin 's Derrick Devries had 17 points and Michael Wilks had 15 points to lead the Knights .
Hope held an 11-point halftime lead at 31-20 before extending the advantage to the final margin of 17 in the second half .
It 's the second win for Hope this season against the Knights . The two previously played January 10th at DeVos Fieldhouse with Hope taking that contest 77-72 .
Hope remains in first place in the Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association with a 7-3 conference record and 13-8 overall . Calvin falls to 8-13 overall and 4-6 in MIAA play .
* * Watch full highlights from the game in the above video . * *
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
In today 's roundup , TLC has renewed “ Trading Spaces ” and Showtime has announced the return of “ Our Cartoon President . ”
CASTING
Maxwell Simkins and Elie Samouhi have joined season three of Disney Channel 's live-action comedy “ Bizaardvark. ” Simkins and Samadhi will star as tween bloggers Zane and Rodney , respectively , who have their own Vuuugle channels – Zane 's “ Zane Unboxed ” and Rodney 's “ What 's in M ' Hair ” – that they each run with their moms . They will join the cast that includes Olivia Rodrigo , Madison Hu , and DeVore Ledridge .
RENEWALS
TLC has renewed home makeover show “ Trading Spaces ” for a second season , its 10th season overall . The series , which will air its current season finale on June 2 , will resume production for the new season this summer with an expanded episode order . Homeowner casting is currently underway for the season , which will air in early 2019 .
SundanceTV and BBC One announced that Abi Morgan 's original drama “ The Split ” will return for a second season , after season one premiered on SundanceTV May 23 . The show , which explores modern marriage and divorce through a family of female lawyers , stars Nicola Walker , Meera Syal , Stephen Mangan , and Fiona Button .
Related Instagram Star Huda Kattan Gets Her Own Reality Show on Facebook Watch SeriesFest Launches the Forward Impact Project ( EXCLUSIVE )
DATES
Sundance Now announced six-part drama series “ Next Of Kin ” will premiere on June 21 , with all episodes dropping at once . Starring Archie Panjabi and Jack Davenport , the show follows General Practitioner Mona Shirani ( Panjabi ) who lives a charmed life until her brother is brutally murdered while working for a medical charity overseas and family secrets are brought to light .
Showtime animated series “ Our Cartoon President ” will return with seven new episodes starting on July 15 at 10:30 p.m ET/PT . Executive produced by Stephen Colbert , R.J. Fried and Chris Licht , the show follows the misadventures of the 45th President of the United States , Donald J. Trump , and his merry band of advisors and family members .
In honor of its 25th anniversary , Acorn TV will add miniseries “ Tales of the City , ” starring Laura Linney , Ian McKellen and Olympia Dukakis , to its streaming service on June 4 . The show , which follows a colorful cast of characters living at 28 Barbary Lane in the 1970s San Francisco , is currently in the process of getting a revival , with Netflix developing new episodes for 2019 .
DEVELOPMENT
HBO Documentary Films is currently in production on a documentary investigating the rise and fall of Theranos , the one-time multibillion-dollar healthcare company founded by Elizabeth Holmes , who was once touted as the next Steve Jobs . Alex Gibney will direct the documentary with never-before-seen footage and interviews with insiders , which follows how Theranos , once valued at $ 9 billion , was just two years laters valued at less than zero and labeled a “ massive fraud . ”
Fox Sports Films announced “ Q Ball ” as the newest documentary in its Emmy-nominated “ MAGNIFY ” series , to be executive produced by NBA star Kevin Durant in conjunction with HEIST and Hunting Lane Films . Set to premiere in early 2019 , the film follows the lives of the San Quentin Warriors — teammates and inmates at “ The Q ” , California 's San Quentin State Prison . Durant and fellow Golden State Warriors team members ' previous visits to the prison helped kick-start the project .
EXECUTIVE NEWS
PromaxBDA , the global trade association for the entertainment marketing and design industry , announced that five new executives were elected to its Board of Directors for the upcoming 2018-19 term , including two representing streaming services . The incoming directors are from Amazon , Discovery , FOX , Viacom , and YouTube , with digital companies now holding one-third of all network seats . New board members are Angela Courtin , global head of YouTube TV and Originals Marketing at YouTube ; Scott Edwards , senior vice president of on air promo and operations at Fox Broadcasting Company ; Lara Richardson , group executive vice president of marketing for Discovery Channel and Science Channel at Discovery , Inc ; Niels Schuurmans , chief marketing officer for Paramount Network , TV Land , and CMT at Viacom ; and Jenny Whitlock , head of brand marketing at Amazon Prime Video .
Chad Matthews has been named vice president and news director of WABC-TV , where he will direct WABC 's Eyewitness News team . Matthews has served as WABC 's assistant news director since returning to the station last year . He started his career at WABC in 2000 and left in 2012 for a five-year stint as assistant news director at NBC-owned WTVJ in South Florida .
FESTIVALS
Now in its fourth year , TV festival SeriesFest announced its initial line-up of world premieres , special events and executive panels for its June 22-27 run in Denver , Colo . Highlights include screenings and Q & As with talent and producers for NBC 's new drama “ New Amsterdam , ” AMC 's “ Lodge 49 ” and Facebook Watch 's “ Sacred Lies ” under its theme of “ Year of Impact. ” The festival 's industry panels will also discuss topics such as female creatives , disability representation in media and the impact of VR . Debra Birnbaum , Variety 's Executive Editor of TV , will moderate panels for “ Who Runs the Show ? Women ” and “ The Golden Age of Television . ”
AWARD SHOWS
By Sarah N. Lynch and Ross Colvin
| ALEXANDRIA , Va .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. A gunman wielding a rifle opened fire on Wednesday on Republican U.S. lawmakers practicing near Washington for a charity baseball game , wounding senior Republican leader Steve Scalise and several others before being fatally shot by police.The shooter , identified as a 66-year-old Illinois man who had vented at Republicans on social media , fired repeatedly at the baseball field in suburban Alexandria , Virginia . He was wounded in a gunfight with Capitol Hill police armed with pistols who were at the scene , lawmakers said.Scalise , No . 3 in the House of Representatives Republican leadership , was shot in the hip . He was tended to by fellow lawmakers including Brad Wenstrup , an Ohio congressman who is a physician , before being transported to a hospital.Also wounded were one current congressional aide and one former aide who now works as a lobbyist , officials said . One Capitol Hill police officer also suffered a gunshot wound and another officer suffered a non-gunshot injury , an official said.The gunman , identified by a senior U.S. official as James Hodgkinson from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville , Illinois , died of his injuries . Hodgkinson worked as a home inspector.His social media presence indicated he was strongly opposed to Republicans , including President Donald Trump . Police and the FBI said it was too early to determine a motive in the shooting or whether the attack was an attempted political assassination.Trump announced the gunman 's death and called Scalise , a 51-year-old Louisiana congressman , a good friend . Speaking at the White House , Trump said Scalise was `` badly injured '' but in stable condition and would recover . `` He 's a patriot and he 's a fighter . He will recover from this assault , '' Trump said.Trump , who has been in office since January , also called for unity at a time of sharp political divides in America , saying , `` We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good . `` In a show of bipartisan unity , Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said on the floor of the House , `` An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . '' The House 's top Democrat Nancy Pelosi echoed Ryan 's message .
Hodgkinson had raged against Trump on social media and was a member of many anti-Republican groups on Facebook including `` The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans , '' `` Terminate The Republican Party , '' and `` Donald Trump is not my President , '' a search of what appeared to be his profile showed.The shooting happened shortly after 7 a.m. , with lawmakers practicing their hitting and fielding a day before the annual charity congressional baseball game pitting Republicans against Democrats . There were 20 House members and two senators present , and the shooting lasted about 10 minutes , said Representative Joe Barton of Texas , the Republican team 's manager.Barton said there were four Capitol Hill police officers there , and two Alexandria officers arrived within five minutes.The charity game will go ahead as scheduled at Nationals Park , home of the Washington Nationals Major League baseball team.Two lawmakers who were at the scene , Representatives Ron DeSantis and Jeff Duncan , indicated there might have been a political motive in the attack.Duncan said that as he left the field the man who would later open fire approached him in the parking lot . `` He asked me who was practicing this morning , Republicans or Democrats , and I said . 'That 's the Republicans practicing , '' Duncan told reporters . DeSantis gave a similar account .
Senator Bernie Sanders , an independent who sought the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination , said he had been told that Hodgkinson had served as a volunteer with his campaign . `` Let me be as clear as I can be : violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms , '' Sanders said . 'HEROISM ' OF POLICE
The shooting took place at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in the Del Ray neighbourhood of Alexandria , which is across the Potomac River from Washington . Brooks told CNN that during batting practice he heard a `` bam '' and then a quick succession of shots and saw the gunman shooting through the holes in a chain link fence .
When Scalise was shot he went down on the infield between first and second base , then dragged himself into the grassy outfield as the incident unfolded , leaving a trail of blood , Brooks said.Two Capitol police officers who were at the scene to provide security for the lawmakers engaged the gunman with pistols , Brooks said . `` But for the Capitol police and the heroism they showed , it could very well have been a large-scale massacre . All we would have had would have been baseball bats versus a rifle . Those are n't good odds , '' Brooks said.Brooks estimated that there were 50 to 100 shots fired.The shooting was certain to raise again the contentious issue of gun violence in the United States.At a news conference near the scene of the shooting , Virginia 's Democratic governor , Terry McAuliffe , urged gun control measures . `` This is not what today is about , but there are too many guns on the street , '' McAuliffe said , citing a statistic that 93 Americans are killed with guns daily.Scalise has been a strong opponent of gun control measures and has earned an `` A+ '' rating from the National Rifle Association - the influential lobby for expanding gun ownership rights . He has co-sponsored legislation to weaken gun control laws in the District of Columbia.Wednesday 's incident was the first shooting of a member of the U.S. Congress since January 2011 , when Democratic Representative Gabby Giffords was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt at a gathering of her constituents in Tucson , Arizona.She survived , but six people were killed . Giffords resigned from Congress and became an activist for gun restrictions . ( Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell , Richard Cowan , Patricia Zengerle , Julia Edwards Ainsley , Doina Chiacu and Susan Heavey in Washington and Gina Cherelus in New York ; Writing by Will Dunham ; Editing by Frances Kerry and Grant McCool )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — For the third time , Tom Brady is the NFL 's Most Valuable Player .
Now he goes for his sixth Super Bowl title , and perhaps with it a fifth MVP trophy for the NFL championship .
Brady added The Associated Press 2017 NFL MVP award Saturday night at NFL Honors to his wins in 2007 and 2010 . The New England Patriots quarterback was joined as an honoree by three Los Angeles Rams : Coach of the Year Sean McVay , Offensive Player of the Year running back Todd Gurley and Defensive Player of the Year tackle Aaron Donald .
READ MORE : Tom Brady leads Patriots back to Super Bowl
Other winners in voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league were Los Angeles Chargers receiver Keenan Allen as Comeback Player ; New Orleans running back Alvin Kamara and cornerback Marshon Lattimore as top offensive and defensive rookies , respectively ; and former Minnesota Vikings offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur , now head coach of the New York Giants , as Assistant Coach of the Year .
Brady is the second player in the four major professional sports to win MVP at age 40 ; Barry Bonds won baseball 's award in 2004 .
Wide receiver Julian Edelman , who missed the entire season with a knee injury , accepted for Brady .
“ Thanks , thanks . Wait up . I literally just found out I was doing this like 20 minutes ago . So , I 've got to read the text , ” Edelman said .
“ No , but I 'm joking . But serious , Tom said he wanted to say he 's very honored and humbled that he gets this award for MVP . Also , he wanted to thank his teammates , his friends , his family and the Patriots organization for going out and doing what they do . ”
WATCH : Justin Timberlake says he teased Tom Brady before Patriots ' Conference Championships
Brady competed 385 of 581 passes ( 66.2 percent ) for 4,577 yards and 32 touchdowns with eight interceptions as New England went 13-3 for the AFC 's best record . At an age when many QBs are deep into retirement , Brady is throwing deep — and short — as well as ever .
Donald was the first pure defensive tackle to win the award since Warren Sapp in 1999 . He said it means “ everything . That 's one of the best to ever do it . So , even for my name to be next to that guy 's name is beyond a blessing . This is what you dream about as a kid , dreaming about playing in the NFL to have success like this , to be able to ( play good enough ) to win this trophy . ”
Gurley 's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes sparked an equally impressive reversal of fortunes by his team , which won the NFC West at 11-5 .
“ The Saints got the rookies and we took home the offensive and defensive ” player awards , ” Gurley noted . “ It just tells you the type of players we have on the team . We all help each other out , absolutely . We have some talent , but we 're nothing without the whole nine yards and everybody together . And we also have a coach who 's up for Coach of the Year . ”
A little while later , McVay was handed the coaching award .
READ MORE : Here 's a roundup of all the Super Bowl LII ads released so far
In his first season running a team and as the youngest head coach in NFL history , McVay led the Rams to a seven-game improvement . McVay , who turned 32 on Jan. 24 , ran away with the voting with 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota 's Mike Zimmer .
“ What it means is we had a good season that I think we can build on , ” McVay said . “ But you have to earn it every single day . It 's a very humbling league . ”
The Rams ' hat trick of awards was not unprecedented . In 2003 , Baltimore 's Ray Lewis was top defensive player , Jamal Lewis won the best offensive player , and Terrell Suggs was Defensive Rookie of the Year . And in 1999 , the St. Louis Rams had three award winners : Kurt Warner ( MVP ) , Marshall Faulk ( Offensive Player ) and Dick Vermeil ( Coach ) .
New Orleans ' sweep of the rookie awards was the first since 1967 , when Detroit running back Mel Farr and cornerback Lem Barney were honored . That was the first season for the top defensive rookie award .
“ You get caught up in the season , you do n't really get time to pat yourself on the back , ” Kamara said . “ But when the season is over you realize what you 've done . I 've kind of had to time to look back and say , I made some history this season . ”
READ MORE : Super Bowl LII : U.S. officials deploy the largest security team in game 's history
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South . He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average , and scored eight times . He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards , with five touchdowns .
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected , Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints went 11-5 . He had five interceptions and 18 passes defensed in 13 games , was a sure tackler and , by midseason , was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid . He missed three games , one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury .
Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win the comeback honor . Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue , then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL . There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again .
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career . Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns . He was targeted 159 times , nearly 10 per game .
Rick Zamperin : The Super Bowl LII champion will be…
The awards were announced Saturday night at NFL Honors , when Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt received the league 's Walter Payton Award as man of the year . Watt , in his seventh NFL season and a three-time Defensive Player of the Year , had the goal of raising $ 200,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief in Houston . His fundraising did a whole lot more , bringing in an incredible $ 37 million in 19 days .
“ I 've been fortunate to be on this stage and to win Defensive Player of the Year awards , but everything that you do on the field pales in comparison to what you do off the field , ” Watt said . “ And at the end of my life , if I 'm remembered as a football player and a good football player and that 's all I 'm remembered for , then I did a poor job in my life . When I go to my grave I want to be remembered as a guy who helped people out and who tried to do as much as he could off the field to be the best man he could be . I 'm trying to make my family proud and my fans proud , and go out there and just be the best person I can be and leave the world a little bit better . ”
It 's fast and loose for this week 's Wine Guy . There 's no time to pontificate or wax poetic about vineyard slopes or soil conditions , we 're in spring 's full embrace . This means there are myriads of activities to attend to , sunsets to enjoy , gardens to plant . All of which points to the relevance of pairing the spring lifestyle with versatile , easy-to-get-into bottles of wine . A wine like one of this week 's three picks !
Honoro Vera 2016 Rueda Blanco , Spain ( $ 19.49 , available through private wine stores )
Rueda is a Spanish wine region northwest of Madrid . It 's an area known mostly for its white wines , many of which are made from the Verdejo grape . All of this describes the Honoro Vera Blanco , which while sporting a creative , modern label actually provides a pretty classic take on Rueda Blanco . Aromas of citrus , flowers , and almond skin intro into an easygoing , fresh but robust style . There 's elegance and fun in equal parts . It 's something a little different from the white wine norm , and will happily pair with pasta Alfredo or baked halibut .
Bottom line : B , Rockin ' Rueda
Gérard Bertrand 2017 Cotes des Roses , France ( $ 24.99 , # 664441 )
Check out the bottle ! The cut glass , iceberg motif certainly looks stylish , and the glass top stopper heightens the coolness factor . So if your springtime sipping entails a fun-loving rosé ( and really , it should ) , Gérard Bertrand 's Cotes des Roses serves as an enticing option . Pouring a bright , orangey-onion skin skin colour , it offers aromas of berry and herbs in an overall rich and fulsome package . All told it 's an engaging blend of Grenache , Syrah , and Cinsault that is ready to take on grilled meals : from portobello mushrooms to chicken thighs .
Bottom line : B+ , Food ready rosé
Charles Smith 2015 The Velvet Devil Merlot , Washington ( $ 19.99 , # 745299 )
Speaking of grilling and BBQ , spring most certainly signals the start of coal-fired cooking . And whether you 're using propane or hardwood , a rich and approachable red makes for a prime grilling partner . Enter The Velvet Devil Merlot , a Washington State-sourced red that offers oodles of dark plummy fruit and baked earth flavours in a robust but balanced package that finishes smooth with a hint of residuals . Time to grill up burgers or a jerk-rubbed pork loin .
Bottom line : B , Robust red
The Swirl : Women n ' Wine Tour
The “ In the Pink ” Women n ' Wine Tour is set to take place from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday , June 2 . An event supporting local Langley businesses , the day features breakfast at the Co-Op and lunch at the Artful Dodger , interspersed with tastings at Backyard Vineyards , Township 7 Wineries , Vista D'oro Farms and Winery , and Fraser Valley Cider Company . All this plus games and door prizes along the way on a fun bus trip . Tickets are $ 150 , for complete details call 604-230-6835 or visit langleychamber.com/events/details/women-n-wine-tour
Contact James : @ hadaglass
The Yards for Hope radiothon set a goal of $ 110,000 in support of Hope Mission this year .
As of Friday morning , the CISN Country 103.9 crew were a bit nervous , as they were still $ 44,000 short .
“ We were pretty nervous , ” CISN Country 103.9 host Chris Scheetz said . “ But we found out early into the morning broadcast that $ 23,000 had come in overnight , so that moved us closer to the goal line , and by the time we got there Edmonton had responded in a huge way . ”
So huge , in fact , that it blew them well past their original goal , and had them sitting around $ 185,000 .
READ MORE : Hope Mission provides Easter holiday meals to hundreds of Edmontonians
The radiothon was set up at Commonwealth Stadium , at one end of the field , with the intention of crossing it one yard at a time for every thousand dollars donated to the Hope Mission
Scheetz said the Edmonton Eskimos have been very supportive of their efforts .
“ They actually practiced yesterday , so we had to kind of slide off to the side of the field , but all of the Eskimos players were big supporters , ” Scheetz said . “ Many of them came with their wallets and emptied them out , and gave us their cash out of their wallets to contribute . ”
Scheetz said it 's also not too late to donate . You can help out by visiting Hope Mission 's website .
PHUKET : Police are investigating the death of a 28-year-old Chinese tourist whose body was found in a hotel pool at Kamala early yesterday morning ( Dec 30 ) .
Capt Prasert Thongprom of the Kamala Police was notified of the man 's death at about 3am .
Full story : thephuketnews.com
Eakkapop Thongtub
The London Police Service is making a public appeal after a 43-year old woman was reported missing .
Mojca Knez , of London , was reported missing Friday evening , though she was last seen in the downtown area on Nov. 28 , police say .
She 's described as a Caucasian female , 5 ' 2″ and 150 pounds with hazel eyes and shoulder-length , straight , dyed brownish-red hair .
“ Police and family are concerned for her welfare , ” a statement from the police said .
Anyone with information in relation to Mojca 's whereabouts is asked to call the London Police Service at ( 519 ) 661-5670 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS ( 8477 ) . Information can also be sent in on-line anonymously at http : //www.londoncrimestoppers.com .
Warner triumphs in battle with Maxi - cricket.com.au Afghanistan have become a force to be reckoned with in Twenty20 cricket , boasting an impressive recent record , and this duo showed why . Their spin bowling was a thing of beauty , Nabi claiming his first wicket by completely outfoxing England 's Eoin Morgan . and more »
Cummins learning from Indian great - cricket.com.au ... Indian Premier League franchise Delhi Daredevils , where Zaheer is captain . And the 38-year-old left-armer , who took more 600 wickets for India before retiring from international cricket in October 2015 , as quickly formed a strong partnership with ... and more »
By Karen Freifeld and Sijia Jiang
NEW YORK/HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - China 's embattled ZTE Corp has received a temporary reprieve from the U.S. government to conduct business needed to maintain existing networks and equipment as it works toward the lifting of a U.S. supplier ban .
ZTE , which makes smartphones and networking gear , was forced to cease major operations in April after the United States slapped it with a supplier ban , saying it broke an agreement to discipline executives who conspired to evade U.S. sanctions on Iran and North Korea .
The authorization seen by Reuters from the U.S. Commerce Department 's Bureau of Industry and Services runs from July 2 until Aug. 1 .
It allows China 's No.2 telecommunications equipment maker to continue operating existing networks and equipment and provide handset customer support for contracts signed before April 15 . It also permits limited transfer of funds to or from ZTE .
On Tuesday , ZTE also announced the departure of 1 senior executive in a stock exchange filing , while a source who saw an internal memo told Reuters seven others were removed . As part of its settlement agreement reached in June with U.S. authorities , ZTE had promised to radically overhaul its management .
The company also agreed to pay a $ 1 billion penalty and put $ 400 million in an escrow account as part of the deal to resume business with U.S. suppliers - which provide almost a third of the components used in ZTE 's equipment .
ZTE said in exchange filings late on Tuesday that Xu Weiyan , a shareholders ' representative supervisor in the company 's supervisory committee , has resigned due to personal commitments with immediate effect and no longer holds any position in the company .
An insider source told Reuters a memo was sent out on Tuesday announcing the removal of seven other executives , without providing a reason . They included vice presidents Wang Keyou , Xie Jiepeng and Ma Jie , who were in charge of the legal , finance and supply chain departments , respectively .
Reuters could not immediately contact them for comment . The source declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter .
As part of the deal to lift the supplier ban , ZTE had agreed to remove all members of its leadership at or above the senior vice president level , along with any executives associated with the wrongdoing within 30 days .
It is not immediately clear whether the eight departures on Tuesday were related to ZTE 's compliance violation .
ZTE announced a new board last week in a radical management shakeup . Li Zixue was appointed the new chairman while the previous board led by Chairman Yin Yimin resigned with immediate effect .
Despite the agreement reached almost a month ago , the ban is yet to be lifted amid strong opposition among some U.S. politicians . ZTE has made the $ 1 billion payment but has yet to deposit the $ 400 million in escrow , according to sources .
The uncertainty over the ban amid intensifying U.S.-China trade tensions has hammered ZTE shares , which have cratered around 60 percent since trading resumed last month following a two-month hiatus , wiping out more than $ 11 billion of the company 's market valuation .
ZTE 's Hong Kong shares were down 0.5 percent on Wednesday , while its Shenzhen shares were up more than 4 percent .
Jefferies on Monday upgraded ZTE to a `` buy '' rating from `` underperform '' . Its analyst , Edison Lee , said in a note on Tuesday that the temporary reprieve was `` a very positive indication that ZTE is on track to a full lifting of the export ban '' .
A representative for ZTE declined to comment . The U.S. Department of Commerce did not respond to requests for comment .
( Reporting by Karen Freifeld , Anirban Paul and Sijia Jiang ; Writing by Tim Ahmann ; Editing by Leslie Adler and Marguerita Choy )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
New Delhi : The two-day nationwide strike by employees of public sector banks ( PSBs ) may affect customer transactions worth up to Rs 20,000 crore , industry body Assocham said today , urging the United Forum of Bank Unions ( UFBU ) to call off the strike .
The chamber also urged the government to come up with a stimulus plan for restoring the health of public sector banks .
State-owned lenders are grappling with high levels of bad loans and as per reports their losses for the quarter ended March 2018 are set to hit a record Rs 50,000 crore which is more than double the losses of Rs 19,000 crore in preceding quarter ended December 2017 , Assocham said in a statement .
`` Considering such a precarious situation , we at Assocham would urge the government to come up with a stimulus plan which must include restoring the PSBs to health , '' Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said .
`` With about 10 lakh bank employees going on strike , banking operations such as cheque clearances , cash withdrawals and deposits at PSB branches across India will be affected , '' he added .
The UFBU , an umbrella body of nine bank unions , has gone on strike against the proposed wage hike of 2 per cent as against 15 per cent given last time , All India Bank Employees Association general secretary C H Venkatachalam said .
Consequently , banking activities in public sector banks across the country have been interrupted .
However , operations in the new-generation private banks like ICICI Bank , HDFC Bank , Axis Bank were almost normal , barring few activities including cheque clearance .
Since the strike coincides with the month-end , salary withdrawals from branches are likely to get affected . Some ATMs may also take a hit .
Besides , deposit in branches , FD renewal , government treasury operation , money market operation would see the impact of the strike .
The Dokalam standoff happened due to `` lack of mutual trust '' between India and China , and they need to work together to create favourable conditions and gradually settle the boundary issue , a top Chinese diplomat said on Tuesday , ahead of this week 's informal summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.Indian and Chinese troops had been locked in a stand-off for over two months last year in the Dokalam area near Sikkim before `` disengaging '' on August 28 . The area of the standoff is also claimed by Bhutan . `` The boundary incident that happened ( at Dokalam ) last year someway reflected lack of mutual trust between the two countries , '' Vice Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou told the media when asked about the Dokalam standoff.Asked whether the Dokalam standoff and the boundary issue will figure in the talks between Prime Minister Modi and President Xi , Kong said the two leaders decided to hold informal summit `` because both the countries attach great importance to each other in external strategy , not because of the boundary question that still remained unresolved , that we need to talk about it during the informal summit '' .India-China boundary dispute spans to 3,488-km along the Line of Actual Control ( LAC ) . Both sides have held 20 rounds of talks between the Special Representatives to resolve it . `` Of course , the boundary question is important . Both sides need to work together to create favourable conditions and gradually settle it . Proper settlement of boundary question will help deepen cooperation and deepen mutual understanding and trust between the two countries , '' Kong said.He said both China and India needs to even make greater efforts to deepen their mutual trust . `` At the informal summit , the two leaders will have heart-to-heart discussions on the issues of overarching , long-term and strategic importance to bilateral relations . In terms of some specific differences or sensitive issues , the two sides will stay in touch with each other through relevant channels . In the process of deepening mutual trust , they will gradually find a way to try to settle them , '' he said .
Under fire Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Sunday visited the government hospital in Gorakhpur where over 60 kids have died in the last five days and warned “ exemplary action ” against those found responsible amid calls for his resignation.Accompanied by Union health minister JP Nadda , Yogi said that a high-level probe has been ordered to ascertain the cause of deaths . Postmortem examinations though are yet to be conducted on the bodies of the deceased , some of whom have already been buried. “ I have formed a high-level committee under the supervision of the chief secretary and a thorough probe has been ordered to check the cause of the deaths in the NICU ( neonatal intensive care unit ) and the supply of oxygen , ” he said . The CM said once the report is out , he would take action if lapses are found at any government hospital across the state.Sixty three children have died at BRD Medical College Hospital since August 7 , many for want of oxygen after supply was allegedly disrupted as bills were not paid to the supplier on time . At least 30 children were reported dead in the last two days alone . Many of the victims were infants who perished in the neonatal intensive care unit.The deaths set off protests in the national capital even as Congress demanded that a murder case be registered against those whose negligence resulted in the “ massacre ” . Yogi , however , counselled against politicising the tragedy.The Narendra Modi government also stepped in to cool frayed tempers and announced that it would set up a regional medical centre in the city at a cost of Rs 85 crore to conduct research on ailments that afflict children.The UP CM said that PM Modi has extended every possible aid to the state government after he briefed him about the situation at the hospital . The Prime Minister too has been facing flak for not speaking about the tragedy.Addressing a joint press conference after the hospital visit , Yogi said he assures that the punishment would “ set a standard. ” But he refused to shoulder any blame , and instead criticised the media over putting out “ fake ” news about the deaths.He also made a strong pitch for a full-fledged virus research centre in Gorakhpur , an area prone to encephalitis , which has claimed several thousand lives every year over the last few years . Nadda said that he has approved the research centre , and said the planning for such an institute had started before the last parliament session. “ The geography of east UP is such that we can not win the war against vector-borne diseases until and unless we have a full-fledged virus research centre . Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given AIIMS , we have started it . But , there should be a full-fledged virus research centre in Gorakhpur , ” Yogi said.The chief minister said he has been “ waging a war ” against Japanese encephalitis for the last two decades . “ I have witnessed children of east UP dying . We will not allow this to happen anymore ... Who can be more sensitive to this issue ( than me ) ? I have been raising it from the streets to Parliament ... No one can understand the pain and agony more than me , ” he said , voice choking with emotion.But neither the action outlined nor the assurances swayed the Opposition , who called it too little too late . UP Congress chief Raj Babbar demanded the resignation of Adityanath as well a murder case against those responsible for the massacre . “ 70 children were murdered in the last four days ( since August 10 ) . The state government is responsible for their murder , ” he told reporters in Lucknow.Babbar also demanded a compensation of Rs 1 lakh for the next of kin of each child who died due to neglect at the hospital . Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad also visited the hospital and blamed the “ careless ” state government for the tragedy . He also demanded an apology from Adityanath as well as his resignation .
× Expand SIUE graduate students and Madison Historical research assistants Lesley Thomson and Brendon Floyd lead a history lesson at Bethalto 's Civic Memorial High School .
Bethalto high school students explored their parents and grandparents ' history in Madison County , creating oral histories and documenting personal artifacts , as part of a three-day history lesson presented by Southern Illinois University Edwardsville graduate students involved in Madison Historical : The Online Encyclopedia and Digital Archive for Madison County , Ill .
The lesson complemented the vision of Robert Daiber , superintendent of the Madison County Regional Office of Education , for the incorporation of Madison Historical in classrooms .
Leading the outreach initiative was the innovative digital repository management team , including SIUE College of Arts and Sciences ' Department of Historical Studies associate professors Jason Stacy and Jeffrey Manuel ; Stephen Hansen , faculty emeritus and former interim chancellor , along with undergraduate and graduate students , and alumnus Ben Ostermeier .
“ Madison Historical 's visit to Civic Memorial High School allowed SIUE students to take their knowledge and skills as historians , and teach high school students to apply those skills to uncover the history around them , ” Stacy said . “ Ultimately , much of the students ' research from the lesson will be published on Madison Historical , thereby completing a virtuous circle of teaching , learning , research and producing history between SIUE history students and U.S. history students at area schools . ”
Graduate research assistants Brendon Floyd and Lesley Thomson created the lesson plan . They , along with others from the research team , actively engaged the class of students in the lesson 's activities .
“ We created an experience that connected students to both their local and national histories by developing activities that asked students to either bring in personal artifacts to be documented or create an oral history that spoke to the Cold War experience in Madison County , ” Floyd explained .
“ The students learned how to navigate the Madison Historical online encyclopedia and digital archive , interpret artifacts , create metadata , conduct oral histories and critically think and write about how these local and personal items and interviews fit into the broader national narrative of Cold War history in the U.S . ”
“ There was real excitement among the students as they compared the artifacts they brought in , ” said Suze Gibson , teacher at Civic Memorial High School . “ Although the requirements of the project pushed some students out of their comfort zones , the project broadened the students ' perspectives well beyond the high school environment by providing an interface for them to interact with university graduate students and faculty . ”
The lesson can be accessed on the educators ' page of the Madison Historical website and adapted for any middle to high school level classroom .
“ As a teacher , I appreciate the resources made available to our school through the program , ” Gibson added .
“ A project this extensive could not be accomplished without the cooperation and guidance provided by Madison Historical . ”
According to Stacy , the Madison Historical team appreciated the opportunity to engage in genuine community learning and building while creating invaluable content for its archive . It plans to send research assistants back into schools during the 2018-19 academic year to further encourage student engagement with the history of Madison County .
Stacy and Manuel are also offering an online summer course that will capitalize on Madison Historical 's education initiative that began in summer 2017 .
“ Ms . Gibson 's work with her students has helped capture the essence of this initiative , and that is to record the history of Madison County from primary sources , ” Daiber said . “ I appreciate her work and that of all the participants who enrolled in the 2017 SIUE graduate history course who are implementing the project in their classrooms . ”
The 2018 course , Community Engaged Digital History , is being offered to teachers from July 2 to Aug. 4 . To enroll , visit the website .
“ This course will give Madison County teachers the opportunity to explore topics of local interest and importance , ” Stacy said . “ Dr . Manuel and I will teach the techniques used in public history , oral history and digital archiving and offer ways in which these methods can be used in lesson plans that uphold the Illinois social science standards . ”
Educators already enrolled teach at Bethalto 's Civic Memorial High School , Liberty and Lincoln middle schools in Edwardsville , Edwardsville High School , Alton Middle School , and Collinsville High School .
In line with SIUE Chancellor Randy Pembrook 's emphasis on high-impact community engagement practices , bringing Madison Historical into classrooms is a win-win-win . Primary benefits include :
Giving high school students the opportunity to explore the ways in which their parents and grandparents lived the history of Madison County
Providing Madison Historical 's research assistants , all of whom are graduate students in history , the opportunity to practice their skills at teaching history , while at the same time seeing their research on Madison Historical put to work in a high school history classroom
Inspiring teachers to incorporate local history into their U.S. history courses , as well as a set of projects they can use to introduce their students to historical methods
For more information on Madison Historical , visit the website .
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
The Om tattoo on Sita Rani 's left hand has faded over the years . Hers are hands where fate lines have defied odds , defied death . Sometimes her hands shake , the veins become pronounced and tears swell in her eyes.It 's hard for her to remember when the Aum symbol was etched on her hand – perhaps a few years before Cyril Radcliffe drew a line partitioning India and Pakistan . Sita was 15 , the youngest in a wealthy family of jewellers in Narwala village of Sialkot in Pakistan . She was engaged to Chandra , a student of engineering in DAV Lahore . The marriage was to take place soon , but the summer of 1947 changed their lives forever.As village after village burnt , including the house she grew up in , many like her family simply walked away from everything they had . When they started from Narwal village , they were a family of nine . Along the way , the father and brother were beaten to death by mobs . Her three sisters-in-law , one of them pregnant , jumped into a well . It was a death of honour , better than the possibility of rape , torture or murder that could be their fate before they crossed the border – a border that was still ambiguous.Do you remember those months of 1947 ? Their eyes freeze just for a second , and then Sita utters , in slow halting words , `` How can that ever be forgotten ? `` Scared and shattered , Sita found shelter in a Muslim home . She converted to Islam for those days , sitting in an old haveli , her head covered , with a family unknown to her and reading the Quran often . It was the only way to survive till her brother found her and brought her home.Her fiance , 18-year-old Chandra was to undertake a parallel journey to reach the Indian side . He grew up in the Gujranwala district of Pakistan and etched that name to the refugee colony in Delhi , where they finally settled and made home . Today , the town in north Delhi has big houses , a far cry from 70-years ago . But every door houses a story like that of Sita and Chandra.Chandra was travelling in a convoy too . The Kafilla , a group of 10-15 people would walk , alert and silent , for days before they reached a refugee camp . `` My aunt was carrying her 10-month old baby who would occasionally cry and make noises . People got angry and asked my aunt to leave the baby or all of them would get killed . For everyone 's sake , she drowned her baby into a river and said goodbye. ” Chandra landed in Delhi and Sita in Amritsar . Both families had lost everything – money , family members and were now living on the footpath . Chandra began selling toothpaste and other small items by the roadside in Delhi 's Connaught Place and remembers asking every passing person if they had seen Sita or knew the whereabouts of the family . Finally in 1949 , through an acquaintance the two families got to know about each other 's existence . Sita and Chander were married under the dim lights of two bulbs on the footpath where they worked.Today , their palatial house in Gujranawala in North Delhi has no dearth of light or happiness – children , grandchildren , a flourishing business and a home.But then you only have to look closely at Sita 's Aum tatoo , fading among her veins or how the husband-wife look at each other , to know what all they have lost to come this far .
Police say they are treating a large fire at the Wesley building in Hartlepool town centre as arson .
Cleveland Police confirmed they believe the huge blaze to the former Methodist church and nightclub on Saturday night was started deliberately .
A spokeswoman for Cleveland Police told the Mail : “ I can confirm that we are treating it as arson . ”
Meanwhile , The Wesley 's owners say they intend to push ahead with plans to convert it into a hotel .
An investigation was launched on Sunday after police and fire chiefs were able to gain access to the building in Victoria Road .
A structural engineer declared the building safe to enter after an assessment .
Damage to the roof caused it to collapse , but the remainder of the building is not believed to have been badly affected .
The building is owned by Stockton-based development company Jomast which was granted planning permission to convert it into a hotel .
Stuart Monk , Jomast managing director , said following the fire : “ Obviously , it was a very serious matter and very nasty incident .
“ We are grateful that the fire brigade was able to get there and deal with it .
“ It appears to have been started by persons unknown . ”
Mr Monk added : “ Structural engineers have inspected the building and there is just damage to the roof .
“ The structural integrity of the building has n't been severely impacted .
“ The roof will be replaced and the building restored in accordance with the approved plans .
“ The company will be continuing with conversion works to bring the property back to use as a hotel with ancillary facilities on the lower ground floor . ”
In 2012 Hartlepool Borough Council granted Jomast listed building consent to carry out alterations and change of use for a 49 bedroom hotel and make the lower ground floor a bar/bistro/restaurant .
Dramatic pictures showed the size of the fire and aftermath to the Wesley which has been empty for a number of years .
Flames were seen rising as high as 20 feet from the roof at the height of the blaze which was reported at 8.30pm on Saturday .
Five appliances from Cleveland Fire Brigade , a command control unit , a welfare base and two hydraulic platforms were drafted in at its height .
No one is reported to have been hurt in the incident .
The Grade II listed building , which dates back to 1872 , was formerly used as a church , and later a combined nightclub and gym .
Last year Jomast carried out minor repairs to damage to the doors and windows .
Sometimes it seems that no matter how much you eat , you 're still hungry .
After all that snacking in between meals , your stomach still rumbles . How is that possible ?
Well as it turns out , there may be food in your diet that is actually causing this ever-lasting hunger .
READ MORE : Why Canadians are choosing restaurants over the kitchen
“ Almost all of us eat multiple times a day and the quantity and qualities of what we take in has a huge role to play in determining how hungry or full we feel , ” registered dietitian Andy De Santis says . “ Obviously there are contextual and personal factors which play a role – i.e . exercise , genetics , your own tendencies , etc . – but what you put into your body obviously represents the most relevant variable for most people . ”
While there is no magic way to tell which components in food cause this feeling of a bottomless pit , there is some evidence out there which suggests sugar and salt may play a role , De Santis says .
“ Hunger and satisfaction are simplistic concepts but are actually quite complex processes in the human body that involve multiple hormones sending messages to your brain , ” he explains . “ I believe that the more pertinent way to understand this topic is to think of foods that make you full and foods that do n't . ”
According to De Santis , foods that often leave you unsatisfied will lack or have very little fibre and protein .
This includes candy , milk chocolate , pop , ice cream , white rice , white bread and fries , for example .
And it 's those two components – fibre and protein – that will help promote satiety , De Santis says .
“ This is part of the reason you might see people on a ‘ diet ' eating so many veggies and chicken breast , ” he says . “ The combination of protein and fibre can keep you satisfied with only a modest caloric intake . ”
READ MORE : 5 foods that help fight diarrhea – and 5 foods to stay away from
Legumes like beans , lentils and chickpeas which contain both fibre and protein are a great choice , De Santis suggests , as well as nuts and seeds .
Soy milk , he adds , is one of the few commonly available beverages that contains both protein and fibre .
Basically , any food that is individually high in either of those components – like fruits , vegetables and unprocessed meat and dairy and dairy alternatives – are the way to go , De Santis says .
“ If you are truly hungry , and you opt for foods that are not good at keeping you full , you can probably expect to not feel satisfied after eating them , ” he says . “ Adding more satiating foods into the mix , even if it is in combination with this other favourite food , could at least help you feel more full and satisfied . ”
Local group , Signal Band , has a released a new song , Ani Ba Yo Love ,
The band says the song represents the slowing down of Bouyon from its customary pace and channeling it into emotional energy .
It says the Creole colloquial expression , “ Ani Ba Yo Love , ” which translates to “ Just Give Them Love , ” seeks to cleanse the souls of humanity and introduce the idea of offering LOVE to everyone , whether deserved or undeserved .
The song was written and performed by Sheldon “ Shelly ” Alfred .
It was composed by Sheldon Alfred and Dernel Green and was mixed by Dernel Green .
The song was mastered by Precision Productions , Trinidad & Tobago .
Visuals were provided by Niles Parker .
See video below .
Wed , May 30 : There 's a sign campaign underway in the Halifax area informing people that 911 wo n't direct you to the nearest location of an AED . Alexa MacLean has more .
Progressive activists who have sought to address Sen. Dianne Feinstein face-to-face for months got what they wanted Monday as Feinstein held a town hall meeting in her hometown of San Francisco .
The most tense moment of the hourlong forum came when she answered an audience member 's question about healthcare by saying she does n't support efforts to move to a single-payer system .
Faced with boos , Feinstein said when it comes to a `` total takeover '' of healthcare by the government , `` I 'm not there . ''
One audience member called Feinstein a `` sellout '' as others joined in chants of `` Single-payer now ! ''
But the event was mostly calm . One heckler who yelled at Feinstein repeatedly was quickly shouted down by other town hall participants . Questioners pushed Feinstein to make public statements condemning `` fascists in the White House '' and calling Trump `` corrupt '' and `` incompetent . ''
`` All of this takes a plan , '' Feinstein responded . `` I 'd be surprised if you found too many senators , if any , that have gotten more done .... I do n't get there by making statements I ca n't deliver . I get there through some caution , some discussion , some smart help , good lawyers and we generally get where we 're going . ''
At least several audience members held up signs reading `` Retire Feinstein '' as protesters outside urged her not to seek reelection .
Feinstein , who will turn 84 in June , has hinted that she will seek reelection . Asked about whether she 'll run as she left the town hall , Feinstein told reporters , `` You 'll find out soon enough , '' according to the Sacramento Bee .
It was Feinstein 's first hometown public town hall meeting since being elected to the Senate 25 years ago .
With Congress in recess this week , several California members are holding their own town halls , including one in Simi Valley on Tuesday with Rep. Steve Knight ( R-Lancaster ) , one hosted by Rep. Nanette Barragan ( D-San Pedro ) on Wednesday and another with Sen. Kamala Harris on Friday in Los Angeles .
Iowa is the nation 's top soybean producer and a delegation of Iowa soybean farmers has just returned from a trip to South America to learn about how soybeans are grown there .
Iowa Soybean Association director Kirk Leeds says it was worthwhile to see how Iowa 's competitors in Argentina and Brazil are overcoming similar obstacles .
“ We spent a fair amount of time on various soybean farms . We visited some of the infrastructure , some of the port facilities , met with government officials , ” Leeds says . “ We 're trying to understand the issues related to soybean production in South America , really , our # 1 competitor in the world. ” Leeds says he heard concerns from officials in Argentina and Brazil about the policies of the new Trump administration , while talking to them about recent changes in their governments as well .
“ They are reducing some of their taxes in both countries related to ag exports , but there were a lot of questions about Mr. Trump and whether the rhetoric about trade and immigration was for real , ” Leeds says . “ We had some really interesting conversations about the status of all of the administrations. ” Leeds says there was also discussion on the future of soybean prices on the worldwide scale .
“ These certainly are competitors when it comes to overall production but they 're also collaborators and partners when you think about global trade and issues like biotechnology and consumer acceptance of GMO crops , ” he says . “ We have a lot in common and we share some interests as well in opening up trade with countries like China . ”
Speaking of China , Leeds says he 's hopeful for further development of agricultural ties with that country as Iowa Governor Terry Branstad is expected to be named the U.S . Ambassador to China this spring . Leeds will be traveling to China soon with a group of ag officials to see what is happening in soybean production and meeting with their Chinese counterparts .
( By Pat Powers , KQWC , Webster City )
After months of preparations , @ POTUS and I are looking forward to hosting our first State Dinner with France ! Thank you to everyone who has worked so hard to make this visit a success . 🇺🇸 🇫🇷 pic.twitter.com/j7fKmUhISJ — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) April 23 , 2018
Spent yesterday with my team checking on the final details of our first State Dinner with France . pic.twitter.com/vHoQ1rTA3s — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) April 23 , 2018
US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump hold their first state dinner on Tuesday , hosting the leader of America 's oldest ally for a glittering event at the White House.French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife , Brigitte , will be the guests of honor at the dinner in the State Dining Room.The First Lady and her staff have spent months preparing for the event and the White House released pictures and a 38-second video of Melania Trump overseeing the details.The Republican is the first president in more than 100 years not to hold a state dinner during the first year of his administration . More than 100 guests are expected to attend . The official guest list will be released shortly before the event.The White House said the color scheme for the dinner is cream and gold and food will be served on china from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.The Cross Hall of the White House will be decorated with more than 1,200 cherry blossom branches , while the dining room will feature white sweet peas and white lilacs . Entertainment will be provided by the Washington National Opera.Dinner will be prepared by White House executive chef Cristeta Comerford.The White House said it will showcase `` the best of America 's cuisines and traditions , with nuances of French influences . '' The opening course will be greens from the White House kitchen garden first planted by former First Lady Michelle Obama.The main course will be a rack of spring lamb and rice jambalaya cooked in a New Orleans tradition . Dessert will be a nectarine tart and creme fraiche ice cream.Wines will come from both the United States and France — a Domaine Serene Chardonnay `` Evenstad Reserve '' 2015 and a Domaine Drouhin Pinot Noir `` Laurene '' 2014.The United States last held a state dinner for a French president in 2014 , when Francois Hollande was hosted by president Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.​
Share :
KARACHI - Caretaker Information Minister Jameel Yusuf has refuted the allegations and apprehensions leveled by the Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) leadership over his comments on the violent protest in a small area of Lyari during the election campaign of Bilawal Zardari .
While strongly condemning the violence and use of stones or sticks as it clearly comes under the purview of acts of terrorism , there is no question of condoning any such incidents .
He further clarified that no specific statement against the PPP or any other party of such was made by him . The statement under concern was a generalised reply to a question by the electronic media on the failure of upholding a free and fair election campaign due to this unfortunate incident .
In his statement , he showed apprehension against the overall security situation to be of a very sensitive nature and made it clear that we are bound to uphold and ensure the Code of Ethics , as identified by the Election Commission of Pakistan ( ECP ) , with the support of all parties .
The all political parties and independent candidates will get equal security and media coverage , as it is their right . He stated the only concern that needed to be emphasised was that there are terror alert warnings issued by all agencies and also by the ECP .
The representatives of political parties must coordinate with the district administration to plan and ensure the safety and security of their campaigns for which the entire caretaker setup is there to assist in extending the same , as repeatedly assured by Sindh CM Fazal-ur-Rehman .
There will be no compromise or leniency shown to anyone involved in any such acts of violence and destruction of property of individuals and/or the government .
The law enforcing agencies must ensure the provision of timely security of all candidates . The patience and tolerance shown by the PPP workers to avert a clash was exemplary .
The Police also effectively handled the situation and diverted the procession to safely continue . A FIR has been registered of the untoward incident and individuals already identified , for which teams have been constituted to arrest them .
On the other hand , the Grand Democratic Alliance ( GDA ) and other contestants have accused the caretaker setup to be an extension of the PPP rule , despite the CM Fazal-ur-Rehman repeatedly clarifying that all the nominees of the caretaker government are apolitical , inducted only to ensure the proper and effective functioning of the ministries in their domain .
The caretaker ministers are also available to receive any complaint of partiality or negligence . Concluding , he stated that if his statement has been misconstrued and offended anybody , the above statement should put any apprehension of his role to rest .
Saira Banu talks about married life with Dilip Kumar ; shares his birthday ritual
Mumbai : On thespian Dilip Kumar 's 95th birthday , his evergreen wife Saira Banu , 22 years his junior , says her marriage to him has been a `` perfect dream '' .
Dilip Kumar is recuperating from a bout of pneumonia . On his special day , a stream of visitors began trickling into their bungalow in Bandra here from early Monday morning .
Emotional about the love that her husband continues to receive year after year , the utterly devoted wife said : `` Every year , I am asked the same things . What are we doing for Saab 's birthday ? For those who do n't know , it is the day when our residence turns into a gorgeous fairyland .
`` There are flowers everywhere from everyone who comes to pay Saab a visit on his birthday . It is a day when Saab 's brothers , sisters , relatives and come close friends come together . ''
Saira Banu and Dilip Kumar got married in 1966 .
`` Seriously , there is no woman as blessed as I am ... I thank my Allah every day for this . It has been my good fortune to be able to do anything for the man I love intensely . For me , it was always Saab , no one else . I was his fan from the time I can remember . While still a teenager , I wanted to be his wife . I am very headstrong and once I made up my mind , there was no stopping me . I knew many beautiful women wanted to marry Saab , but he chose me . It was my dream come true and that 's what my marriage has been , a perfect dream . ''
Now she is devoted to taking care of her ailing husband .
`` Looking after Saab , his life and his home comes naturally to me . All Indian wives look after their husbands . In my family , I 've seen women being devoted to their husbands . I grew up watching that . ''
A leak occurred in an ONGC underground gas pipeline at a village near on Sunday causing anxiety to the local residents.After the leak was noticed in the morning at Mathirimangalam near here , ONGC shut the gas well that feeds the line and the leak was rectified by night , officials said.Villagers expressed concern over the leak in the gas pipeline.Police personnel have been posted at the village as a precautionary measure , police said.When contacted , a local ONGC official said there was not `` much leak . '' Only `` slight leakage occured , '' he added . `` It occured at 8.30 am and immediately , the gas well that feeds fuel to that pipeline was shut , '' he told PTI.The ONGC 's gas extraction well is in operation for a long time and located close to Mathirimangalam.The pipeline that developed leak was carrying gas from this well through Mathirimangalam village to the ONGC Gas Collection Station at Kuthalam.Asked what could have caused the leak , the official said there `` may have been some defect . `` `` We have cut that leaking line and a new pipeline is welded now and there is no problem at all , '' the official said adding the rectification work had been completed.To a question , he said for quite sometime , ONGC had been requesting the permission of landowners in the village ( ROU-Right of Use ) to replace this pipeline since it had become old . However , they did not get their permission.The incident comes after a similar leak in an ONGC oil pipeline at Kathiramangalam village also near here recently , which triggered prolonged protests by the locals .
“ We 'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false. ” – William Casey , CIA Director 1981
Dozens of people from Flint had a message for state officials Tuesday night .
They hand-delivered `` you owe me '' notes .
They left more than 1,000 notes for Michigan 's governor and attorney general .
The letters were stuffed into empty water bottles .
The residents say they are thirsty for safe drinking water , and demand their public officials do something about it .
Demonstrators demanded answers at the door , but representatives from the governor 's and attorney general 's offices told them to drop off their delivery and then asked them to leave .
A star-studded final match of the inaugural season of Super Boxing League saw Maratha Yoddhas being crowned as the champions after they defeated Haryana Warriors by a score line of 10-9 in a nail-biting finish here at the Siri Fort Squash & Badminton Stadium.It was Maratha Yoddhas who started the final fight night on the front-foot as they won the first two bouts through Sandeep Singh and Andy Chuaua in their respective categories to give their team a 6-0 lead as Mumbai Assassins ' owner Sohail Khan , Bollywood actor Arbaaz Khan , singer Kanika Kapoor and director , producer Anurag Kashyap witnessed the action . However , to the delight of Haryana Warriors ' owner Sonu Sood , who was also cheering his side on , it was Suman Kumari , Sandeep Nain and Sukhdeep Singh who won their respective bouts to take a 9-6 lead after five bouts . The turning point of the match was in the last bout when Sandeep Chhikara won by a Technical Knock Out to win the league for his team , Maratha Yoddhas.The first bout of the night was between debutant Sandeep Singh from the Maratha Yoddhas and Naveen Nehra from the Haryana Warriors in the Feather Weight category . It was Sandeep Singh who hit some great moves and combinations on Nehra to steal the victory by Unanimous Decision and give his side a 3-0 lead.In the second bout of the night , it was up to Haryana Warriors ' Parmod Kumar to cut down the lead for his team as he faced Andy Chuaua from the Maratha Yoddhas in the Welter Weight category . However , the Warriors ' man could not succeed in his ambition as Andy Chuaua was awarded the victory by Split Decision after four Rounds . It meant that the Maratha Yoddhas extended their lead to 6 points.In the third bout of the night , it was Haryana Warriors ' Suman Kumari who impressed for her side as she faced Maratha Yoddhas ' Lalnunfeli in the Super Fly category . The latter started the match aggressively but Kumari kept her composure to make a comeback in the last two Rounds to win the match by Unanimous Decision which saw Warriors open their account on the night.In the fourth bout of the night , it was Haryana Warriors ' Sandeep Nain who caused an upset when he beat Maratha Yoddhas ' skipper Deepak Tanwar in the Middle Weight category . Coming into the match , Tanwar had won all his four bouts in SBL , but it was Nain who produced the miraculous victory which was awarded by Unanimous Decision . It meant that Warriors equalised the scores at 6-6 after four bouts.The fifth match saw a Super Middle Weight category bout between Maratha Yoddhas ' Vivek Jangra and Haryana Warriors ' Sukhdeep Singh . It was the latter who started the match positively as the 22-year old beat Jangra by Unanimous Decision to take a 9-6 lead for his side.Just like in the semi-final , Maratha Yoddhas ' Sandeep Chhikara was assigned with the difficult task of getting a victory in the last bout to make the scores level or give his side the win , as he took on Jagdeep Singh of the Haryana Warriors in the Heavy Weight category . Chhikara started to hit aggressive punches in the first Round itself and took down Singh at least four times . Yoddhas ' Chhikara showed his power again as he took down Singh for one final time as referee stopped the match and decided to award Chhikara with a Technical Knock Out victory . It meant that the Maratha Yoddhas won the match 10-9 to steal the Super Boxing League trophy .
“ Regardless of the outcome , it is very likely we will have to comply with state law , and the date is going to change moving forward , ” Kassakhian said . “ The purpose [ of the election ] is to clean up language of the city 's charter . ”
A Chinese state newspaper warned Monday that President Donald Trump `` could trigger a trade war '' if he goes ahead with plans to launch an investigation of whether China is stealing U.S. technology.In a commentary by a researcher at a Commerce Ministry think tank , the China Daily said Trump 's possible decision to launch an investigation , which an official says he will announce Monday , could `` intensify tensions , '' especially over intellectual property.The official told reporters Saturday the president would order his trade office to look into whether to launch an investigation under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 of possible Chinese theft of U.S. technology and intellectual property.The Chinese government has yet to comment on the announcement.A decision to use the Trade Act to rebalance trade with China `` could trigger a trade war , '' said the commentary under the name of researcher Mei Xinyu of the ministry 's International Trade and Economic Cooperation Institute . `` And the inquiry the U.S. administration has ordered into China 's trade policies , if carried out , could intensify tensions , especially on intellectual property rights . `` The commentary gave no indication of how Beijing might respond but Chinese law gives regulators broad discretion over what foreign companies can do in China.If an investigation begins , Washington could seek remedies either through the World Trade Organization or outside of it.Previous U.S. actions directed at China under the 1974 law had little effect , said the China Daily . It noted China has grown to become the biggest exporter and has the world 's largest foreign exchange reserves . `` The use of Section 301 by the U.S. will not have much impact on China 's progress toward stronger economic development and a better future , '' said the newspaper .
NHRA 's Pro Stock Car category , which will compete at all 24 Mello Yello Drag Racing Series events in 2018 , will feature eight-car fields at nine selected national events and traditional 16-car fields at the other 15 races .
The NHRA said the change in field size is intended to elevate competition and spark renewed interest in the “ Factory Hot Rod ” category , specifically bringing more exciting qualifying to events historically drawing fewer entries . The eight-car fields will run at the following national events : Baytown , Texas , near Houston ; Heartland Park Topeka ; Epping , N.H. ; Englishtown , N.J. ; Bristol , Tenn. ; Morrison , Colo. , near Denver ; Sonoma , Calif. ; Kent , Wash. , near Seattle and Brainerd , Minn .
NHRA says it has been working closely with Pro Stock teams for several years on initiatives designed to improve fan engagement and interest . Changes have included switching to fuel injection ; facing cars forward in the pits so fans can see the teams work on their engines , holding burnout contests and more .
“ We hope this change in field size at selected events will help increase excitement and fan interest , ” NHRA president Peter Clifford said in a statement from the sanctioning body 's headquarters in Glendora , Calif .
NHRA will continue to work with Pro Stock teams and manufacturers this year , carefully evaluating key metrics and supporting targeted initiatives by the teams to generate interest .
# # #
Alexis DeJoria Racing 's annual “ Free Mammograms for the Fans ” program has provided more than 440 mammography screenings since 2013 . Now in its fifth year , the Funny Car driver 's program is on-track to reach a major milestone in soon _ 500 free screenings .
Support from The Patrón Spirits Company , Toyota , Global Electronic Technology and Kalitta Motorsports has enabled ADR to once again partner with Baylor Health and Nevada Health Centers ( NVHC ) and bring their mobile mammography units ( mammovans ) to the AAA Texas NHRA FallNationals and the NHRA Toyota Nationals . Both events are included in the second half of the six-race Countdown to the Championship playoffs .
With an event ticket , women 40-and-older attending the FallNats at Texas Motorplex in Ennis or the race at The Strip at Las Vegas Motor Speedway can opt to receive a free mammogram _regardless of health insurance status . Multiple sources cite lack of health insurance , high out-of-pocket cost and lack of access to care as the primary reasons women forego this important yearly screening .
According to the American Cancer Society , approximately one in eight women will develop breast cancer during their lifetime .
At age 59 , Donna Wright elected to undergo her first mammography screening while attending the 2016 AAA Texas FallNationals . “ I have always considered myself to be a healthy person , so I never saw any need to get screened , ” Wright said . “ But the weather was not that great , the races were delayed , Baylor was there and it was free so I thought , ‘ What the heck . I 'll do it . '^ ”
Shortly after , Wright received her results in the mail and was stunned to find she was now part of the statistics . But because she was diagnosed early , her surgeon told her she “ won the lottery ” and was able to make a full recovery .
DeJoria , whose Tequila Patrón Toyota Camry Funny Car will be decked-out with bright pink accents in honor of October 's Breast Cancer Awareness month , encourages other women to follow Wright 's lead .
“ Early detection is key . Do n't wait and do n't be shy , ladies . Come out to the Dallas and Las Vegas events and take advantage of this opportunity .
“ We 're so honored and grateful to be working with these amazing organizations and to be able to use our platform in the greater good for the fight against this horrible epidemic . ”
Women interested in receiving a free screening while at the Ennis or Las Vegas races do not need a referral or to make an appointment . Mammograms will be provided on a first-come , first-serve basis . Baylor Health 's mammovan will be on-site at The Plex from Oct. 13-15 . NVHC 's mobile unit will be at The Strip at Las Vegas Motor Speedway from Oct. 27-29 .
In February , Amazon announced it would begin to deliver from Whole Foods markets via its Prime Now service , which offers free , two-hour deliveries for purchases over $ 35 and even faster , one-hour delivery for an upcharge of $ 7.99 . The service was initially available in only four markets – Austin , Cincinnati , Dallas and Virginia Beach , however . Today , Amazon is expanding Whole Foods deliveries to Denver , Sacramento , and San Diego .
The choice of Denver as one of the earlier markets to receive the option is interesting , given that the city has been a test market for Walmart 's online grocery efforts for years .
In fact , it was the first to offer a grocery pickup option back in 2014 . Grocery pickup is now available at over 1,200 Walmart U.S. stores , and Walmart 's grocery delivery is expected to reach 100 markets by year-end . Walmart also announced today it 's now working with DoorDash as a delivery partner in Atlanta , which joins Walmart 's longtime partners on grocery delivery , Uber and Deliv .
Though Walmart has been working in online grocery for years , Amazon is scaling up fast . Walmart says it will reach over 40 percent of U.S. households via its expansion this year , but it was only offering delivery in six markets as of March .
Amazon 's Whole Foods deliveries , with today 's news , is live in ten markets . This includes its other recent expansions to Atlanta , San Francisco , and L.A . If it continues to expand across Prime Now 's footprint , it would reach dozens of major metros nationwide .
As before , Prime Now shoppers can place their Whole Foods orders for delivery between 8 AM to 10 PM . The product selection includes thousands of fresh and organic produce , bakery , dairy , meat and seafood , floral and everyday staples .
In Sacramento and San Diego , Whole Foods can also deliver alcohol through Prime Now .
“ We 've been delighted with the customer response to free two-hour delivery through Prime Now , and we 're excited to bring the service to our customers in Denver , Sacramento and San Diego , ” said Christina Minardi , Whole Foods Market Executive Vice President of Operations , in a statement . “ Today 's announcement is another way that we are continuing to expand access to our high-quality products and locally-sourced favorites . ”
Whole Foods is only one option for some of Prime Now 's markets , as the service also partners with other local stores like Sprouts , Fresh Thyme , New Season Market , and others . Amazon also operates AmazonFresh , a grocery delivery service available in parts of the U.S .
ISLAMABAD , Aug 14 ( APP ) : The 70th Independence Day of Pakistan
was celebrated in Ankara in an impressive ceremony at Pakistan
Embassy in Ankara on Monday .
Charge d'Affaires of Pakistan to Turkey , Syed Ali Asad Gilani ,
raised the Pakistan flag on the tune of the National Anthem in
the presence of members of Pakistani community , Pakistani students and Embassy officials and their families , said a press release recieved here .
The special messages of the President and Prime Minister of Pakistan
were read out on the occasion .
In his remarks on the occasion , Syed Ali Asad Gilani paid
tributes to the leadership of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah and
the sacrifices of the nation 's forefathers , which resulted in the creation of Pakistan 70 years ago .
He said “ Pakistan 's national interests should be above our personal
interests . We will not hesitate to make any sacrifice for our motherland . ”
“ Participation of Turkish Air Force 's “ Solo Turk ” in
independence day celebrations of Pakistan through its unique
performance in air show has won the hearts of the entire Pakistani
nation , ” said Charge d'Affaires Ali Asad Gilani .
Solo Turk team pilots , Captain Erhan Gunar and Captain Serdar
Dogan are participating in the largest ever air show in the country 's
history , being held at Islamabad and Karachi today .
Ali Asad Gilani informed the participants that Pakistan and
Turkey would soon issue a joint postage stamp as part of the
celebrations of the 70th Anniversary of Pakistan 's Independence as
well as the 70th Year of Pakistan-Turkey Diplomatic relations .
Afterwards , flanked by Pakistani children , Charge d'Affaires
Ali Asad Gilani cut the Independence Day cake .
CHARLOTTE – Susan G. Komen Charlotte recognized Joanne Monaco as top individual and team fundraiser after the chemotherapy nurse raised more than $ 33,000 .
Her son , Jeff Monaco , held a golf tournament in May in Exton , Pennsylvania . Monaco also held a tournament at Raintree Country Club the help of her son , Tim , and her husband , Bruce .
Monaco added a Jazzercise fundraiser in October .
She and her sons are planning an eighth annual golf tournament in Pennsylvania and fourth annual in Charlotte . The Charlotte date is scheduled for May 22 at Raintree County Club .
Monaco has worked as a chemotherapy nurse with Oncology Specialists of Charlotte for more than 10 years . She encourages women to get mammograms and not ignore unusual symptoms .
Visit www.KomenCharlotte.org or www.OncologyCharlotte.com for details .
Growing up in a small town in New Brunswick , award-winning folk singer Rob Lutes was inspired by his surroundings to play and write music that included a wide range of influences—from the blues to jazz to rock and roll .
“ What I try to do is write about the human condition with humour , ” said Lutes . “ I try to find a way to it through music . ”
Lutes , who plays the banjo and guitar , uses a style known as Travis picking , which was named after the country guitarist Merle Travis , where the musician uses the thumb between two , and sometimes three , bass strings in steady quarter notes while the fingers pluck the higher strings .
The musician , who lists Neil Young and Joni Mitchell as two of his biggest influences , played in Cherry Grove on Apr . 14 as a stop along what is his fifth Home Routes tour , where musicians are invited to play a series of living room concerts at various locations across Western Canada .
Lutes ' concert at Homer Haus Bed and Breakfast was the last of the 2017-2018 season .
Since the fall , Code Clements , manager of the bed and breakfast , has hosted several Home Routes concerts , since his venue falls on the Chautauqua Trail—one of the concert circuit routes .
Clements said all the performers that have come through Cherry Grove were “ first-class ”
Christine L. Weiler , 68 , of Burlington , passed away peacefully at home surrounded by her loving family on Thursday , March 15 , 2018 .
She was in Burlington on Aug. 4 , 1949 , to Raymond and Blanche ( née Baumgartner ) Petersen . She grew up in Burlington and graduated from Burlington High School . On Feb. 17 , 1968 , she was united in marriage to Gerald Weiler at St. Mary Catholic Church . She worked for Foster Forbes , retiring after 30 years with the company .
Christine was a member of St. Mary Catholic Church and loved to tend to her flower gardens and paint . Her greatest joy came from her family . She was devoted to her kids and grandkids .
She is survived by her loving husband of 50 years , Gerald ; children , Scott ( Laura ) Weiler , Michelle ( Bill ) Chase , and Shannon ( Ben ) Herda ; grandchildren , Samantha , Zachary , and Abigail Weiler , Shawn and Sophie Chase , and Kasey and Kallen Herda . She is also survived by her siblings , Robert ( Karen ) Petersen , Karen Thuemmler , Debbie Pieters , and Pam ( Chief ) Peterson . She was preceded in death by her parents ; twin infant sons , Robert Raymond and Gerald William ; sister Judy ( Harv ) Leighton ; brothers-in-law , Steven Thuemmler and Richard Pieters .
Private services for Christine will be held at a later date .
Family would like to thank Dr. Smitha Menon and staff and Dr. Michael Straza and staff of Froedtert Hospital , as well as Beth D. , Erica , Sandy , and Tammy with Aurora at Home Hospice .
In lieu of flowers memorial may be made to the American Cancer Society or Aurora at Home Hospice .
Schuette-Daniels Funeral Home is serving the family . Well-wishers may visit www.danielsfamilyfuneral.com
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
The expansive living room of this remodeled Silver Lake home flows onto a glassed-in deck with cityscape and treetop vistas . The open-plan kitchen features a quartz countertop island and a walk-in pantry . White oak flooring unifies the interior spaces . A separate living unit sits above the four-car garage .
Address : 2600 Lake View Ave. , Los Angeles 90039
Price : $ 2.299 million
Light showers the expansive living area of this redesigned modern house in Silver Lake . ( Charmaine David ) ( Charmaine David )
Built : 1957
Lot size : 9,594 square feet
House size : 3,888 square feet , five bedrooms , six bathrooms
Features : Front patio enclosed in Ipe wood , den , dining area , two fireplaces , drought-tolerant landscaping front and back
About the area : The median sale price for single-family homes in the 90039 ZIP Code in December was $ 1.025 million based on 11 sales , according to CoreLogic . That was a 25.8 % increase compared with the same month the previous year .
Agents : Tracy B . Do , Compass , ( 323 ) 842-4001 , and Natalie Stern Trabin , Re/Max Grand , ( 310 ) 415-2663
To submit a candidate for Home of the Day , send high-resolution color photos via Dropbox.com , permission from the photographer to publish the images and a description of the house to lauren.beale2 @ latimes.com .
Follow Lauren Beale on Twitter @ laurenebeale .
See more Homes of the Day :
Vintage details grace elegant 1920s Colonial in Altadena
Another side of Greene & Greene on display in Pasadena
La Quinta tennis compound features five homes and unlimited court time
WYOMING , Mich. ( WOOD ) — A West Michigan lawmaker is backing a package of bills that would raise the smoking age to 21 in the state of Michigan .
State Rep. Tommy Brann , R-Wyoming , says the bills are simply about improving the health of the state .
Brann has been in the business of serving people for nearly 50 years at Brann 's Steakhouse , a family-owned restaurant . Now he 's serving the people of the 77th District , having been elected last year .
He said the legislation aims to change the lives and health of young people .
“ I 've seen customers die of cancer smoking , ” Brann said . “ I used to smoke and I did it because I wanted to be cool . And I gave it up . I smoked Larks . I gave it up because I swam to a dock one time — I made it , but I ran out of breath and I said , ‘ Boy , this is n't right . ' ”
Brann does n't want teens to fall victim to peer pressure and the deadly habit . He said he has seen bus boys at his restaurant start smoking too young .
“ They 're making mistakes and I just thought , gosh , it just makes sense that you can drink when you 're 21 , you ca n't drink when you 're 18 . So I thought , why not make smoking to 21 , ” Brann said .
“ It 's in our constitution to protect Michigan 's health and for the people of Michigan , ” he added .
> > Online : House Bills 4736 , 4737 , 4738 , 4739
He says the bills will limit the number of underage teens who get their hands on tobacco and ultimately save lives .
“ We used to have drinking at 18 here , my bar here , and it went up to 21 again and it was the right thing to do in my mind , ” Brann said .
He said it was the right decision despite losing business .
Some may argue raising the smoking age would take away a right from people who can already make their own legal decisions , vote and serve in the military .
“ They could say the same thing about drinking at 21 … how come I 'm 18 but I ca n't have a beer , ” Brann said . “ The word freedom is a big word and it should be a big word , but I 'm looking at this — the freedom maybe of people living longer . ”
“ You know you 're not able to drink alcohol until you 're 21 , you know there are so many things that you ca n't do until you 're over a certain age so I think that argument just falls flat , ” said state Rep. Abdullah Hammoud , a Dearborn Democrat who is sponsoring one of the bills in the package .
“ My bill specifically deals with hookah tobacco . What we 've seen in many convenience stores … the hookah tobacco next to other food products like inside of a refrigerator , ” he continued . “ And secondly , just ensuring that at a convenience store , when you go to purchase tobacco that it 's just behind the counter so it 's not easily accessible . ”
The bills were introduced to the House last week and referred to its Committee on Regulatory Reform . Lawmakers are now working to gather enough support to get the committee to hold a hearing on the legislation , which they hope will happen in the fall .
—–
Online :
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on smoking and tobacco
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Transgender women who were part of migrant caravan seek U.S. asylum A Central American migrant group and supporters of the migrant caravan from both sides of the border have converged at the fence between Tijuana and San Diego near Friendship Park in Tijuana , Mexico , on April 29 , 2018 . These migrants will decide whether to present themselves to U.S Border officers at the San Ysidro port of entry and apply for asylum . 01 / 28 A Central American migrant group and supporters of the migrant caravan from both sides of the border have converged at the fence between Tijuana and San Diego near Friendship Park in Tijuana , Mexico , on April 29 , 2018 . These migrants will decide whether to present themselves to U.S Border officers at the San Ysidro port of entry and apply for asylum . 01 / 28
Transgender migrants from Central America , including Roxana Hernandez , center , head April 9 , 2018 , for Mexico City . Hernandez , 33 , died in the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement at a hospital in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Nick Oza , The Arizona Republic
Advocates called on U.S. immigration authorities Wednesday to stop holding transgender migrants seeking asylum in detention centers after a transgender woman died while in custody at a facility in New Mexico .
The 33-year-old woman from Honduras , identified by advocates as Roxana Hernandez , was part of the caravan of Central American migrants that traveled to the U.S. border through Mexico .
The detainee was being held in the transgender unit at the Cibola County Detention Center in Milan , New Mexico , when she began suffering from complications related to HIV , Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said
She was hospitalized at Cibola General Hospital and then airlifted to Lovelace Medical Center in Albuquerque , ICE said in a written statement . She died Friday at the center , and the preliminary cause was cardiac arrest .
► May 29 : Here 's what 's happening with immigrant kids at the border , policywise
► May 4 : All but 10 Central Americans now admitted to U.S. to apply for asylum
► April 19 : Rallies , weddings before migrants enter United States to seek asylum
ICE identified the detainee as Jeffry Hernandez in its statement .
Organizers from the immigrant-rights group Pueblo Sin Fronteras , which translates to town without borders , questioned whether Hernandez had received adequate medical care while in custody of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and then ICE .
Hernandez presented herself May 9 to U.S. border officers at the San Ysidro port of entry near San Diego and asked for asylum after traveling with the caravan more than 2,000 miles , the group said in a statement .
During her first week in custody “ her body and spirit deteriorated quickly , ” the statement said .
“ Once she was transferred to the immigrant prison in Cibola , New Mexico , U.S. immigration authorities finally recognized — despite her having been in government custody for over a week — that she needed medical attention , ” the statement said .
Immigration authorities do n't do a good job of protecting transgender migrants from abuses or providing them with medical care while in custody seeking asylum , advocates say . They already are fleeing persecution and violence in their home countries when they arrive in the United States .
“ It is alarming that transgender communities continue to face transphobic violence outside and inside of detention walls , '' says Flor Bermudez , legal director at the Transgender Law Center . “ This is why TLC 's Trans Immigrant Defense Effort has organized to demand the liberation of transgender women from detention and the end of all detention and deportations .
`` ICE has shown time and again it is incapable of protecting transgender women in detention , '' she said . `` Transgender people should not be detained by ICE at all . ''
Follow Daniel Gonzalez on Twitter : @ azdangonzalez
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A City of Lethbridge transit bench was vandalized with what appears to be paint .
The bench , along McMaster Boulevard West , has an advertisement for the Lethbridge and District Pro-Life organization .
The add reads “ preborn babies feel pain – say no to abortion . ”
The City of Lethbridge uses Advertisement Standards Canada to handle advertising with city transit .
While some Lethbridge residents have voiced opposition to the ads , the pro-life group is n't breaking any regulations .
According to Advertisement Standards Canada 's website , people taking offence to an ad is not enough grounds for it to automatically be removed .
Advertisement Standards Canada told Global News advertisements like the one on the bench are not pre-screened before they are posted , but if a complaint is filed with them , a board will then review the ad and determine if it needs to be taken down or changed .
The Lethbridge pro-life group issued a statement about the vandalized ad , which reads :
“ The mission of Lethbridge and District Pro-Life is to proclaim the inherent value of human life from conception until natural death . Our advertising has always reflected that message . The Charter 2 ( b ) right to freedom of expression affords the ability for every Canadian to share his or her message . This allows Canadians to have a civil debate about many issues , abortion being one of them . ”
Advertisement Standards Canada told Global News they have not received any complaints so far on this specific campaign .
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) — West Michigan high school basketball teams have made the mid-season turn and are setting their sights on postseason play and conference championships .
24 Hour News 8 sent crews to several games across West Michigan Friday night .
Grand Rapids Catholic Central took on Spring Lake in an O-K Blue Conference showdown , with the Lakers trailing the Cougars by one game in the conference standings . Unfortunately for Spring Lake , they were unable to make up the difference and fell 59-40 .
West Ottawa was able to stay undefeated in conference play , knocking off Hudsonville 60-41 .
In a non-conference matchup , Forest Hills Central was able to take down East Grand Rapids , 54-45 .
Hamilton women 's basketball knocked off Unity Christian 44-32 .
* * Watch highlights from each of these games in the above video . * *
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
Police have arrested two men in connection with wanted Scunthorpe man Kyle Ferguson .
Sgt James Main confirmed on social media that two men in their 20s have been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender in relation to Ferguson today ( Monday , August 14 ) .
He is wanted for possession of an offensive weapon , affray , assault and causing a public nuisance by taking to rooftops .
Earlier today , Humberside Police have warned those involved in protecting a wanted Scunthorpe man that they could face arrest for obstruction , assisting and offender or other offences .
Chief Inspector Matthew Wright said : `` Anyone helps Ferguson will be dealt with . This is not a joke .
`` Ferguson is wanted in connection with a series of serious offences and we will arrest him for those offences . Any further delays caused by other individuals assisting him will not be tolerated .
`` My message to anyone helping him is , is this worth your own liberty ? Are you really prepared to be arrested in order to help him ?
`` I want to reassure the decent law-abiding citizens , who are the majority of the community , that we will be relentless in the pursuit of anyone evading justice and their accomplices .
`` We have officers out in the area continually to ensure you can feel safe in your own community . ''
There is plenty to be excited about this winter in the wonderful world of sports . The 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea begins on Feb. 9 . The NBA has scheduled a compelling series of games for Christmas day . With a host of changes coming to the Winter Olympics this year and an opportunity to take stock of the currently young NBA season , the end of the semester is the perfect time to preview these events .
The Winter Olympics is in Pyeongchang , South Korea this year , just 50 miles south of the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea . Considering how hot tensions have run recently , it is a fair question whether the North will decide to flex its military muscle at the international community and fire a missile over the event .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) added four new events to the Winter Olympics this year , including Big Air in snowboarding , freestyle skiing , mass start in speedskating and mixed doubles in curling . The IOC hopes these new additions will add value through their attractiveness for TV and youth appeal . Fans and athletes of snowboarding parallel slalom may disagree , as their event was dropped .
Of course , the big news in the run-up to the Olympics is the IOC banning Russia from participating for what the Schmid commission concluded was a “ systematic manipulation of the anti-doping rules. ” Both the country 's flag and national anthem are barred from the event , but Russian athletes can compete as “ Olympic athletes from Russia. ” For a state as prideful and focused on the Olympics as Russia is , this is a massive blow to nationalism . It 's also a major blow to the competitiveness of the games , as Russia is often a prime contender in ice hockey .
Olympic ice hockey will suffer this year from a lack of NHL players . The league decided not to accommodate players interested in representing their home states for a variety of reasons . Those include injury concerns , scheduling a multi-week break during the short overlap of the baseball and football offseasons , and the IOC deciding to no longer pay for NHL players ' participation . We will not see an NHL player in the 2022 Winter Olympics either , as the IOC ruled that NHL players ' participation in 2022 would be contingent on the leagues ' participation this year .
In the NBA , an overachieving New York Knicks ( 12–13 ) squad kicks off the Christmas Day schedule playing host to the rising Philadelphia 76ers ( 13–12 ) . These two teams are battling it out for a playoff seed at the bottom of the Eastern Conference .
Beginning at 3 p.m. , the Golden State Warriors ( 21–6 ) and Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19–8 ) will clash after meeting in each of the past three finals . They have also played on Christmas for two consecutive years , with the home team emerging victorious each time . This year , the Sunshine State gets home-court advantage .
The Boston Celtics ( 23–5 ) take on the Washington Wizards ( 14–12 ) next in a potential foreshadowing of a first round playoff matchup . So far this season , the Celtics have been buoyed by their excellent defense ( 97.5 opponent points against ) .
The Houston Rockets ' ( 20–4 ) match against the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 12–13 ) may not appear competitive on paper , but the talented Thunder have the potential to upset anyone . Finally , the Los Angeles Lakers ( 10–15 ) host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 15–11 ) , who have been a pleasant addition to the Western Conference 's top four seeds so far .
Are you one of those people having a hard time waking up and getting out of bed ? Well , you can blame the changing seasons according to assistant professor Eylem Ezgi Fadıloğlu from Yaşar University . As we put winter behind us and welcome spring , the weather and our moods seem to shift quicker .
However , if you feel tired in the morning , you can regain your energy by changing your sleep pattern , diet and activity level .
Stressing that good nutrition is key to starting your morning right , especially in the winter and during seasonal transitions , Fadıloğlu offered some advice for those having trouble waking up , feeling tired throughout the day , suffering from continuous backaches and for those craving sweets that can lead to thickener waists and weight problems .
Referring to the importance of sleep , Fadıloğlu said sleeping less than six hours a day and divided , poor quality , insufficient or excessive sleep causes your immune system to weaken , your metabolism to slow , and your mental and physical performance to fall . She added that with quality sleep , it is possible to start the day healthy , vibrant and energetic .
`` Feelings of stress and fatigue decrease , while the ability to learn increases , '' she added .
Darkness for quality sleep
Fadıloğlu said people who go to bed late at night often over eat due to lack of sleep which leads to unwanted weight gain . Informing that drinking strong coffee and tea can also cause insomnia , Fadıloğlu said melatonin is needed for quality sleep , which is triggered by darkness . She said devices such as telephones , computers , televisions , etc. , transmit light and radiation that interfere with this process .
`` The highest level of melatonin is released at 2 a.m. when the body goes into deep sleep . Even if you do not change your bedtime , you can relax your muscles by taking a warm shower before going to bed , and you can have regular , balanced sleep by not eating after 8 p.m. to start the body 's sleep process , '' she said .
Right nutrients at breakfast
Fadıloğlu stressed that consuming carbohydrates and saturated fats , such as honey , jam and pastries , in the morning also lead to drops in blood sugar levels and fatigue after a couple of hours .
According to Fadıloğlu , a balanced and healthy breakfast menu consisting of eggs , cheese , curd , milk , butter , avocados , walnuts and black cumin is recommended , while lunch and dinner should be limited to vegetable and protein-based dishes .
Likewise , carbohydrates should be limited . Noting that cabbage and cauliflower , which contain vitamin K and calcium and protect from breast , prostate and intestinal cancer with indol-3 carbinol , red beets with their antioxidants and spinach containing energy-providing coenzyme Q10 are a great addition to any meal , Fadıloğlu said probiotic foods , such as walnuts , almonds , nuts , dark chocolate , leeks , asparagus , green lentils and onions as well as sheep 's head and foot soup containing collagen are great choices .
Dark red or purple berries such as cranberries and blueberries , carotene-containing carrots , oranges , peppers and dark green-leaved vegetables as well as flavonoid-containing onions , parsley and cress should also be part of the menu . She added that omega-3 intake is also important and can be boosted by consuming fish at least twice a week .
Fitness exercise
Fadıloğlu underlined that the most important factor to staying healthy is to avoid stress and stressful situations .
`` You can try to look at things optimistically and deal with stress by getting together with your friends or simply finding hobbies , '' Fadıloğlu said .
She added that regular exercise improves energy levels , and that contrary to general beliefs , will make you feel more refreshed after .
`` It strengthens your memory due to increased oxygen in your brain . Exercise relieves the stress of business life , reduces anxiety and obsessions , improves mental health and performance by keeping you fit , '' she continued . `` Endorphins , which helps you fight depression and tension , are secreted during exercise . For a healthy and fit life , at least 30 minutes of exercise three days a week is a must . ''
Noting that there may be various reasons for still constantly feeling tired even after changing your habits , Fadıloğlu said these symptoms may indicate the possibility of anemia , magnesium deficiency , vitamin D deficiency , thyroid problems , insulin resistance as well as diabetes or heart disease .
`` For this reason , you should see a doctor , get a blood test and have a checkup , '' she added .
Two scientists at the University of Saskatchewan ( U of S ) have been selected to use new Microsoft technology for their research on improving crops .
Tony Kusalik and Ian Stavness are among the first grant recipients of Microsoft 's “ AI for Earth ” program .
READ MORE : University of Saskatchewan leading 9 projects to address future water challenges
The program , launched in July , is aimed at empowering people to solve global environmental challenges by increasing access to artificial intelligence ( AI ) tools and educational opportunities .
Kusalik intends to uncover the relationship between plant genes and desirable traits .
“ We hope the new Azure AI cloud computing platform will help us to enhance deep learning to recognize complex patterns in plant genes so that we can find desirable ones , ” Kusalik said in a press release .
“ Finding the links between plant genes and favourable crop traits will help breeders speed up their breeding programs . ”
READ MORE : A & W invests $ 5M in world-class facilities at U of S for beef , forage research
Stavness will be using Microsoft Azure cloud computing resources to create ways to analyze images and videos of plants to automatically identify traits related to growth , health , resilience and yield .
“ Having a computer recognize these traits has potential to increase speed , reliability and precision of trait identification and will provide new opportunities for crop breeders and farmers to directly compare large numbers of individual crops with differences in genetics , growing environment and crop management , ” Stavness said in a press release .
Both U of S computer scientists are part of a program at the Plant Phenotyping and Imaging Research Centre ( P2IRC ) that is working to transform crop breeding and provide solutions to global food security .
So far , over 35 AI for Earth grants — valued at $ 10,000 each — have been distributed by Microsoft to qualifying researchers and organizations around the world .
SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon 's annual shareholders meeting began at 9 a.m. in Seattle 's funky Fremont neighborhood today , with about 150 people inside and another 150 outside protesting .
After the shareholders entered the building , drag queens outside prepared to stage a flash dance as they agitated for Amazon to only consider states with strong gay rights laws for its second headquarters , while busloads of pilots for Amazon freight flights arrived to protest low staffing levels .
The event is generally fairly low-key on the inside , with CEO Jeff Bezos giving an overview of the previous year to around 100 shareholders .
The protests are expected to be raucous enough that the Washington State Department of Transportation listed two potential traffic issues in the region in its Wednesday morning tweet — the Amazon demonstrations in Seattle and band Maroon 5 performing in Tacoma .
This year the No Gay , No Way group , which is pushing the company to only place its second headquarters in states with strong gay rights laws , has local drag queens strutting outside while airplane-drawn banners float through the sky above the meeting .
Pilots for Amazon Air cargo , who fly Amazon cargo jets for Atlas Air and ABX Air , are attending to protest inadequate staffing levels , which they say makes for difficult working conditions .
An activist group called SumOfUs is also waging a campaign in support of a proposal to separate the roles of CEO and chairman of the board at Amazon . Jeff Bezos holds both positions .
More : How to listen to what Amazon 's Alexa has recorded in your home
It plans to hire a plane to fly over the meeting trailing a banner that reads , “ Bezos Needs a Boss . ”
The Service Employees International Union , SumOfUs , climate justice group 350 Seattle , the Socialist Alternative socialist political party and community members angry at the negative impacts they say Amazon has had on their communities also plan to demonstrate .
The view from Amazon 's Day 1 headquarters in downtown Seattle .
Elizabeth Weise
Another proposal being put forward at the meeting asks that Amazon commit to a version of the Rooney Rule and include women and minorities when it interviews for open board positions . Currently Amazon 's board is made up of seven men and three women , all white .
Amazon had originally opposed the measure but two weeks ago the board shifted course , adopting as policy the inclusion of a diverse slate of candidates for director openings .
Jesse Jackson was in Seattle for the board meeting . Reached by USA TODAY , he said , `` leadership comes from the top down , '' and that he was eager for Amazon to make sure its board was n't all white .
Amazon declined to comment on the protests .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Original Air Date : 2/5/2016 . Dr. John Chuck shares his perspective on how people can make changes in their overloaded lives . The overload is a phenomenon he describes as Multiple Simultaneous Conflicting Imperatives or MSCI , pronounced “ messy . ”
Dr. John Chuck on Stress and Burnout
New Delhi : The government on Wednesday hiked the minimum support price for paddy by a steep Rs 200 per quintal as it looked to fulfil its poll promise to give farmers 50 percent more rate than their cost of production .
The decision , taken by the Union Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , comes less than a year before next general election .
While the BJP had promised in 2014 to give farmers a price of 1.5 times of cost , an announcement to give effect to the promise was made in the government 's fifth and final annual Budget presented on 1 February this year .
Cabinet approves proposal to increase # MSP for Kharif crops for the year 2018-19 pic.twitter.com/lXwcPyJsVS — CNBC-TV18 ( @ CNBCTV18Live ) July 4 , 2018
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA ) at its meeting on Wednesday approved the MSP of 14 Kharif ( summer-sown ) crops .
According to sources , the MSP of paddy ( common grade ) has been increased by Rs 200 to Rs 1,750 per quintal , while that of Grade A variety by Rs 160 per quintal to Rs 1,750 .
The MSP of paddy ( common ) was Rs 1,550 per quintal and Rs 1,590 per quintal for paddy ( grade A ) variety .
The MSP of cotton ( medium staple ) has been increased to Rs 5,150 from Rs 4,020 and that of cotton ( long staple ) to Rs 5,450 from 4,320 per quintal .
In pulses , tur MSP has been raised to Rs 5,675 per quintal from Rs 5,450 , and that of moong to Rs 6,975 per quintal from Rs 5,575 . Urad MSP has been hiked to Rs 5,600 from Rs 5,400 per quintal .
Hike in paddy MSP will increase the food subsidy bill by over Rs 11,000 crore based on procurement figure of the 2016-17 marketing year ( October-September ) .
The Food Corporation of India ( FCI ) , the government 's nodal agency for procurement and distribution of foodgrains , buys wheat and rice from farmers at MSP and supply the grains under the food security law .
Paddy is the main Kharif ( summer-sown ) crop , the sowing of which has already begun with the onset of southwest monsoon .
Earlier , sources had said that the MSP rate proposed by the agriculture ministry is higher than the government 's farm advisory body CACP , considering growing farm distress because of fall in prices of most crops , owing to bumper production .
India is estimated to have harvested a record foodgrains production at 279.51 million tonnes in the 2017-18 crop year ( July-June ) on an all-time high output of rice , wheat , coarse cereals and pulses .
The announcement of higher MSP coupled with the forecast of a normal monsoon this year could further boost foodgrains output . However , the higher support price could also fuel food inflation .
A blurry , 12-second video clip has never made Philadelphia Eagles fans happier .
Carson Wentz , who a little over three months ago tore his ACL and LCL , posted on his Instagram page Monday a montage of short clips of him throwing a football . Aside from the bulky brace on his left knee , it 's difficult to tell he 's only 14-or-so weeks removed from a significant knee surgery .
The fact that Wentz is throwing again is n't really the noteworthy aspect of the video . After all , he was spotted throwing prior to Super Bowl LII last month . The significant part of Wentz 's post is the sturdiness of his left leg , which at some points in the clips bears all 237 pounds of his body weight .
It 's hard to decipher what exactly his workout Monday means for his recovery timeline . Though with some close to the quarterback `` optimistic '' that he 'll return to the Eagles in time for their Week 1 tilt , the video does n't do much to dispel those feelings .
When Samuel Badree 's straight ball cannoned into Shadab Khan 's off-stump , the full house at the Queen 's Park Oval fell silent . At 89 for five in pursuit of the St Kitts and Nevis Patriots ' challenging score of 158 for 7 , Trinbago Knight Riders needed a miracle .
And a hero .
They got both .
When Denesh Ramdin ( 59 off 35 ) drove the third ball of the 20th over back Hasan Ali 's head for four , the full house at the Oval erupted . The boundary gave the home side an unlikely four-wicket win , their fifth in six matches , and a guaranteed place in the four-team play-offs which run from 5 to 9 September at the Brian Lara Stadium in Tarouba .
Earlier , good lower-order partnerships saw the visitors move their score of 75 for 2 at the end of the tenth to 109 for 4 at the end of the 15th and then to just under 160 after 20 overs . Mohammed Nabi ( 17 off 8 ) , Carlos Brathwaite ( 19 off 12 ) and Jonathan Carter ( 31 off 26 ) all contributed important late runs to the effort after Shamarh Brooks had played a good hand of 37 to erect the early platform .
When TKR batted , pinch-hitting opener Sunil Narine departed early , not enjoying the same luck as he had against the Tridents . Brendon McCullum cracked a couple of boundaries before skying one to Hafeez at extra-cover . At 38 for 2 , TKR were ahead on runs but behind on wickets . But with Munro , the in-form batsman for the home side still there , the nerves were not yet showing .
On 14 , he offered a fairly easy chance to Brandon King on the square-leg boundary but the fieldsman ran a long way to his left , got his hands to the ball but could not hold on . Soon , however , after Darren Bravo had chewed up all ten deliveries for his solitary run , Mohammad Hafeez dived forward at point to put him out of his misery .
Under pressure to pull back the rising required rate , Ramdin heaved at the first ball of Nabi 's third over and King on the mid-wicket boundary grassed his second . It allowed the wicketkeeper to bat on and TKR to reach 61 for 3 after ten overs .
They still had a mountain to climb .
Thanks mainly to Ramdin , they got there .
Summarised scores :
St Kitts and Nevis Patriots : 158 for 7 ( Shamarh Brooks 37 , Jonathan Carter 31 , Carlos Brathwaite 19 , Sunil Narine 2/26 )
Trinbago Knight Riders : 161 for 6 ( 19.3 overs ) ( Denesh Ramdin 59 , Colin Munro 36 , Dwayne Bravo 20 , Mohammaed Nabi 2/12 , Samuel Badree
2/14 )
Toss : TKR
EDITOR 'S NOTE : The full match report will be posted shortly .
BLOOMINGTON , Minn. ( AP )  Tom Brady is the comeback king in the playoffs .
From his past two Super Bowl wins to the AFC championship game rally against Jacksonville that got the Patriots to the NFLs the biggest stage for the third in four seasons , no quarterback has engineered more late-game playoff comebacks than Brady .
But he is not alone . Whether it was Marcus Mariota and the Tennessee Titans in the wild-card round against Kansas City earlier this postseason , or Russell Wilson against Green Bay in ( 2015 ) or Andrew Luck against the Chiefs the previous year , there have been as many playoff comebacks from at least 10 points down in the fourth quarter the past five seasons as there were the previous 26 seasons .
What happens is instead of playing the team , they start playing the clock . Sometimes you win and sometimes you go against a bad boy like Tom Brady and you get burned ,  former Colts receiver and current NFL Network analyst Reggie Wayne said . A lot of that falls onto the coaches . The players are going to run what the coaches call.
Advertisement
Whether its Atlanta failing to run the ball enough late in last years Super Bowl that helped the Patriots rally from 28-3 down to win in overtime or Seattles decision to pass at the goal line instead of hand it to Marshawn Lynch back in 2015 , questionable coaching decisions have contributed to some of those comebacks .
But nobody is better at exploiting those mistakes than Brady and the Patriots . He has four playoff wins in games he trailed by at least 10 points in the fourth quarter , including the Tuck Rule game against Oakland in 2002 . No other quarterback has led more than one such comeback in playoff history .
Theres a great belief no matter what the circumstances , that we have enough to overcome it ,  Brady said . I dont think we want to try to overcome that again this year . That was pretty tough to do . Hopefully we can get a lead , play from ahead , play on our terms.
The Patriots are comfortable when that happens . They are 6-6 in the playoffs when trailing after three quarters under Brady and coach Bill Belichick , while the rest of the NFL has a 27-140 record in that span with only Russell Wilson and Eli Manning having more than two fourth-quarter comebacks with four each .
Not that it is by design .
That whole comeback thing is overrated ,  said NFL Network analyst Willie McGinest , who won three Super Bowl titles as Bradys teammate in New England . Players cant go in and say , Hey , we want to win this game in dramatic fashion , be down 11 with eight minutes to go and come back and have the crowd go crazy. You want to be in control , play a certain way and be in front . Because that changes how you play the game.
The biggest deficit overcome to win a Super Bowl before last season was just 10 points and the Patriots were the first team to overcome a deficit that big in the second half when they did it against the Seahawks three years ago .
The only other teams to come back from 10 points down to win a Super Bowl faced those deficits early in the second quarter with New Orleans rallying against Indianapolis in 2010 and Washington against Denver in 1988 .
Bradys postseason passer rating when trailing in fourth quarter the past four years is a staggering 121.2 , compared to 75.6 for the rest of the NFL .
In last years Super Bowl comeback , the Falcons appeared to tire and struggled to generate pressure , sending more than four pass rushers on just two of 24 pass plays in the fourth quarter .
The Jaguars also only brought more than four rushers on two of 15 fourth-quarter pass plays in the AFC title game when New England came back from 20-10 down to win 24-20 .
What teams do wrong is they go zone ,  Wayne said . Hes going to pick zone apart all day , every day . Hes going to spread you out and theyre the best at creating mismatches.
PR LAHORE - Twelve former presidents of the Supreme Court Bar Association have expressed their concern over the brutal lynching of Mashal , a student of Abdul Wali Khan University ( AKWU ) .
According to a press release issued on Monday , Akram Sheikh , Abid Hassan Minto , Qazi Muhammad Jameel , Justice ( r ) Malik Muhammad Qayyum , Muneer A Malik , Justice ( r ) Tariq Mehmood , Aitzaz Ahsan , Ali Ahmed Khurd , Asma Jahangir , Yaseen Azad , Kamran Murtaza and Syed Ali Zafar said this incident has not only given pain and grief to the family of the deceased but it has also traumatised and disturbed every sane person in the country .
The killing of Mashal Khan is a clear wakeup call for every citizen who values diversity and protection from the state , they added . More voices should severely condemn such acts of violence . It is evident , from the reporting of this gruesome incident , that no one is safe from the rage of mobs that can be mobilised within no time to use the worst form of violence in the name of religion , they said .
It is alarming that in this case the law enforcement present at the site reportedly condoned the brutality , they added .
They said this has not been the first incident where mob violence has been incited to kill people in the name of religion but an end should be sought to it . The government should not only ensure that the perpetrators of this and other such crimes are brought to justice but that intolerance is strictly reprimanded in all centers of learning , they added . They said that strict laws should be enacted and implemented against incitement to violence and exploitation on religious grounds .
TROY — One of Troy 's cornerstone downtown restaurants closed its doors this weekend .
La Piazza , located at 2 . N. Market St. , closed permanently following its Saturday night dinner service .
The restaurant was opened in 1992 by Michael and Jennifer Anticoli . The three-story historic building , built in 1920 , is currently listed for sale for $ 995,000 , according to thebrokerlist.com .
Ric Moody , a commercial real estate broker , said , the location includes the former carry-out area at 6 N. Market St .
Moody said the Anticoli family has been exploring different opportunities and the decision to sell the business and the building they 've owned since 1992 “ was a very difficult decision . ”
The Troy Daily News reached out to Michael Anticoli for comment , which was not returned as of press time .
“ We 're looking forward to entertaining different opportunities for this wonderful space , ” Moody said .
Moody said the 11,000 square feet of space includes the restaurant space on the first floor , apartment spaces on the second and third floors . Part of the third-story is unfinished .
Moody said the space would be perfect for a relaxed atmosphere “ brew-pub ” with its covered patio space , which looks out onto Prouty Plaza and the Public Square . Moody said he anticipates the space staying as a restaurant on the lower level with its amenities and access to the downtown area .
“ That patio is perfect for entertainment with all the concerts on the plaza . It 's truly a unique space to downtown Troy and has such a rich history in Troy , ” Moody said . “ You could n't ask for a more unique location . ”
Moody , along with Amie Wilt and Theresa Dershem , are the listing agents for the building through Coldwell Banker . For more information , contact Moody at ( 937 ) 287-0072 or Wilt and Dershem at ( 937 ) 216-6389 or ( 937 ) 216-7857 , respectively .
Troy Daily News file photo Former server Nicole Barney prepares one of the tables at La Piazza for dinner . http : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/02/web1_La_Piazza_2_cmyk.jpg Troy Daily News file photo Former server Nicole Barney prepares one of the tables at La Piazza for dinner .
Historic building for sale for $ 995,000
The first annual Fairfield County Walks for Mental Health will be held on Saturday , May 6 , from 10-11:30 a.m. , on the Norwalk Green ( parking available on Park Street ) .
Senator Bob Duff opens Mental Health Awareness Month with an official proclamation from Governor Malloy . State and local officials including Senator Toni Boucher and Representatives Cristin McCarthy-Vahey , Chris Perone , Jonathan Steinberg , Fred Wilms , and Terrie Wood will be in attendance .
The walk is a one-mile round trip down East Avenue . Participants may check out the Labyrinth , Healing Garden and Hope-Pray-Dream Board at St. Paul 's Church . Free admission and complimentary purple bandannas for all .
RSVP ( preferred ) to [ email protected ] or 203-840-1187 .
The Walk kicks off a calendar of more than 50 events across the region in honor of Mental Health Awareness Month including movies , presentations , art shows , craft activities , Mental Health First Aid trainings , wellness fairs , and music performances . For a full calendar of regional events visit HealthyMindsCT.org .
According to Margaret Watt , executive director of the Southwest Regional Mental Health Board ( SWRMHB ) , research on mental health providers in southwest Connecticut conducted by the agency in 2015 and 2016 showed significantly increased caseloads , longer patient wait times to get an appointment with a clinician , the turning away of clients and elimination of programs that serve our region 's most needy . “ The mental health system is bare bones and can not withstand further budget cuts . Your participation in Fairfield County Walks for Mental Health on May 6 is really needed to show our legislators you care , ” Watt said .
SWRMHB extends a special thanks to the Walk 's planning committee : Advocacy Unlimited , Mid-Fairfield Child Guidance Center , Communities 4 Action , Keystone House , Mid-Fairfield Substance Abuse Coalition , Mid-Fairfield Substance Abuse Coalition , NAMI Southwest , NAMI Fairfield , Positive Directions , Recovery Network of Programs , RIPPLE , and Silver Hill Hospital . The Walk is funded by SWRMHB and NAMI Southwest .
The Southwest Regional Mental Health Board ( SWRMHB ) works to ensure a high-quality behavioral health system by engaging community members , identifying needs , stimulating new initiatives , and advocating for improvements . Their Catchment Area Councils ( CACs ) provide a venue for all stakeholders — consumers , family members , providers , and town representatives — to work together to improve mental health services to the residents of Bridgeport , Darien , Easton , Fairfield , Greenwich , Monroe , New Canaan , Norwalk , Stamford , Stratford , Trumbull , Weston , Westport , and Wilton .
NEW DELHI : A city court acquitted Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal in two defamation cases — one filed by Union minister Nitin Gadkari and the other by advocate Amit Sibal , son of Congress leader Kapil Sibal — after he tendered written apologies . Kejriwal had earlier apologised to Akali leader B S Majithia . Though the “ sorry ” spree has drawn flak from within and outside the party , Kejriwal seems determined to apologise his way out of the over two dozen defamation cases he still faces.Deputy CM Manish Sisodia said the party was n't interested in “ ego fights ” . He , however , did not clarify whether Kejriwal also planned to apologise to Union finance minister Arun Jaitley.Sisodia too tendered his apology in the Amit Sibal case and was acquitted . In Gadkari 's criminal defamation case , additional chief metropolitan magistrate Samar Vishal observed , “ In view of the joint application , accompanied by the letter of regret and the statements of counsel of both the parties , this defamation case under Section 500 IPC , filed by Nitin Gadkari against Arvind Kejriwal , stands compounded and accused Kejriwal stands acquitted… ” Gadkari had filed a criminal defamation case against Kejriwal for alleging that he was involved in corruption.In his apology letter dated March 16 , Kejriwal wrote , “ Both of us are in public life belonging to different political parties . I made certain statements without regard to its verifiability , which seems to have hurt you .... I have nothing personal against you . I regret the same . Let us put the incident behind us and bring the court proceedings to a closure . I suggest we should put our energy to serve the people of this country , in the spirit of mutual respect. ” Gadkari , through senior advocate Pinki Anand , and Kejriwal , through lawyers Rishikesh Kumar and Mohd Irshad , filed a joint application seeking withdrawal of the former 's defamation complaint.In the other defamation case filed by Amit Sibal against Kejriwal , the court took on record a joint application filed by both parties.Complainant Amit Sibal informed the court , “ Kejriwal and Sisodia had acknowledged that I was hurt and the allegation which they made against me and my father , at the press conference held at Constitution Club on May 15 , 2013 , were unfounded . Both of them have withdrawn all their statements and allegations ... and apologized… they have regretted the damage caused to me and my family 's esteem , friends and wellwishers and regretted the hurt and loss caused to us. ” Amit Sibal , however , added that was without prejudice to the “ averments made in my complaint ” against other accused persons — Shazia Ilmi and Prashant Bhushan— and his right to pursue the complaint against them . “ The proceedings will continue against Bhushan and Ilmi , ” the court said. “ In view of the joint application , sworn affidavits of Kejriwal and Sisodia , copies of letters of apology , and statements of complainant and counsel for Kejriwal and Sisodia , this defamation case filed by Amit Sibal ... stands compounded and Kejriwal and Sisodia stand acquitted , ” it said .
Vigil @ nce - WordPress Download Manager : Cross Site Scripting
March 2018 by Vigil @ nce
This bulletin was written by Vigil @ nce : https : //vigilance.fr/offer
SYNTHESIS OF THE VULNERABILITY
An attacker can trigger a Cross Site Scripting of WordPress Download Manager , in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site .
Impacted products : WordPress Plugins not comprehensive .
Severity : 2/4 .
Creation date : 17/01/2018 .
DESCRIPTION OF THE VULNERABILITY
The Download Manager plugin can be installed on WordPress .
However , it does not filter received data before inserting them in generated HTML documents .
An attacker can therefore trigger a Cross Site Scripting of WordPress Download Manager , in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site .
ACCESS TO THE COMPLETE VIGIL @ NCE BULLETIN
https : //vigilance.fr/vulnerability/ ...
New Delhi : Veteran Indian star Leander Paes and young Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan set up a doubles title clash against each other with their respective partners at the $ 125,000 ATP Challenger event in Dallas , US .
The top seeded pair of Paes and Joe Salisbury overcame Americans Austin Krajicek and Jackson Withrow 7-6 ( 3 ) , 6-4 in the semi-final .
Left-handed Nedunchezhiyan and his Indonesian partner Christopher Rungkat downed Dennis Novikov and Goncalo Oliveira 6-3 , 6-3 in the other semi-final .
The last time Paes and Nedunchezhiyan were up against each other was at the season-opening Tata Open Maharashtra in Pune , where the Chennai boy and Rohan Bopanna had emerged victorious .
Paes is in good form , having won the Newport Beach event last week with James Cerretani .
It will be first final of the season for Nedunchezhiyan .
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) — A set of wooden dogs may have seen more of the country than many of us : They 've been all over the nation in the last year .
Looking at them , you can imagine the friendly wag of a tail or the puppy kisses saying hello . But the dogs have a very different story to tell and they told it so well that their maker won the $ 200,000 public vote grand prize of ArtPrize Eight .
Artist Jim Mellick says a lot happened in the year since his win .
The piece , Wounded Warrior Dogs , continues getting attention and praise from veterans . The carved wooden dogs pay tribute to U.S. veterans , showing the injuries of their human counterparts after battle .
Mellick donated some of his winnings to veterans ' organizations , published a book on his experience at ArtPrize and said the award money also allowed him to focus on retirement .
“ This past year has just been sort of a whirlwind of activity , ” Mellick told 24 Hour News 8 in an interview from Ohio . “ I 've had a hard time getting my work done because of the demand to have these dogs displayed in different locations . ”
He came back to Grand Rapids to see some of the ArtPrize Nine entries and he walked away with a sense of hope .
“ It seems that we 've become so divided and I 'm hoping that this artwork , these paintings of 9/11 , can help us get back to some form of unity , ” he said .
Oil painting “ 9/11 ” is a public vote finalist in ArtPrize Nine , one that perhaps carries the same tone as Mellick 's focus on veterans . Some of it focuses on firefighters , who the artist described as “ devastated but not broken , ” helping each other after the attack on the World Trade Center .
Another 2017 public vote finalist is one Mellick could possibly relate to , a wood carving called Whimsical Harmony .
“ There again , it shows a passion and I can see where it would be a favorite for a lot of kids attending the display as well , ” Mellick said of the entry .
He knows what it 's like to be up for the big prize , but one year later , he now truly knows what it means to win .
“ Sometimes you feel like you 're working alone and you might have some regrets , ” he said . “ That win wiped out any regrets that I had . The validation of the people on that scale was very meaningful to me and it gave me new resolve to continue my work and to work at my cause and my purpose even more strongly . ”
You can see where Wounded Warrior Dogs will be on display next at the Facebook page for the piece .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Guelph police say a 52-year-old woman suffered “ life-altering injuries ” after she was found in a courtyard in The Junction neighbourhood on May 24 .
Emergency crews were called to a complex on Waterloo Avenue near Hanlon Parkway at around 1 a.m. and found the woman outside with serious injuries .
READ MORE : 12 new charges laid against former Guelph acupuncturist
“ Police are requesting assistance from anybody that may know a sequence of events that led to these injuries or may know anything about the surrounding circumstances , ” said Const . Chris Probst .
“ These injuries are serious and considered life-altering . ”
Probst said he could n't provide any other information due to privacy concerns and because it 's an ongoing investigation .
Anyone with information can call the lead investigator at 519-824-1212 ext . 7131 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 .
Kuwait City
Emergency workers are battling to contain an oil spill near a joint Kuwaiti-Saudi oilfield in the Gulf , an official said Sunday . “ Emergency oil teams are still struggling to put an oil spill near Kuwait 's southern Ras Al-Zour area under control , ” said Kuwait Petroleum Corporation spokesman Talal al-Khaled in a statement carried by the official KUNA news agency .
There were no official reports on the source or size of the spill in the waters off Kuwait 's southern coast , near the joint Kuwaiti-Saudi offshore Al-Khafji oilfield .
Kuwaiti media however on Sunday quoted local oil experts as saying the spill originated from an old 50-kilometre ( 31-mile ) pipeline from Al-Khafji . The experts estimated that as many as 35,000 barrels of crude oil may have leaked into the waters off Al-Zour , where Kuwait is building a massive $ 30 billion oil complex that includes a 615,000-barrel-per-day refinery .
Saudi Arabia and Bahrain , located south of Kuwait along the Gulf coast , said the spill had not reached their waters .
Saudi Arabia said that it had put into action a “ crisis management plan ” and was conducting an aerial survey of its oil plants along the coast in a statement published by the official SPA news agency.—APP
This kitty is looking for employment opportunities in a barn or warehouse . She is a 5-year-old feral cat that was spayed a few years ago . “ Unfortunately she can not go back to her home territory and she has not warmed up to us , so we are looking to rehome her as a barn cat , ” per shelter staff .
For more information about her or other cats and dogs available for adoption , visit the Trumbull Animal Shelter , 324 Church Hill Road , or call 203-452-5088 .
Seeking donations
The Trumbull Animal Shelter is always in need of the following items : Canned cat food , clay cat litter , large rawhide , Kong or Nylabones for larger breed dogs . They can be dropped off at the Trumbull Animal Shelter .
The federal government 's plan to buy a controversial pipeline project and related assets for $ 4.5 billion has generated local and national reactions ranging from disappointment to betrayal , according Kootenay Columbia MP Wayne Stetski .
The regional Member of Parliament spoke to the Townsman about Tuesday 's announcement from the federal Liberals , who reached an agreement with Kinder Morgan to take over the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline project , which involves twinning an existing pipeline that runs between Edmonton , AB , and Burnaby , B.C .
The agreement between the federal government and Kinder Morgan , which includes the existing pipeline and related infrastructure , will be finalized this summer .
Stetski accused the Liberals of walking back on their election promises to end fossil fuel subsidies and raised concerns that the overall price tag could climb much higher than $ 4.5 billion .
“ It 's important that people realize that [ the ] $ 4.5 billion was for the 65-year-old existing pipeline , ” Stetski said . “ That does not have anything to do with building the new pipeline and the estimates on that are anywhere from $ 7 [ billion ] to $ 14 billion , assuming it proceeds .
“ Of course , there are still a number of court cases pending , but in total , we 're looking at $ 15 —and could be as high as $ 20 in some cases — billion going into the old pipeline and the new pipeline . ”
While the federal government is purchasing the pipeline , it does not intend to be a long-term owner and hopes to sell the project and assets to a new owner or owners in the future , according to a news release .
Kinder Morgan had issued a May 31 ultimatum for clarification on the status of the project , which is currently mired in legal challenges raised by B.C . Premier John Horgan and also facing Lower Mainland opposition with protests in Burnaby and Vancouver .
Federal cabinet ministers defended the purchase in a government press release .
“ Our government believes that the commercial agreement we have reached with Kinder Morgan is the best way to protect thousands of good , well-paying jobs while delivering a solid return on investment for Canadians , ” said Minister of Finance Bill Morneau . “ This is an investment in Canada 's future . ”
Jim Carr , the Minister of Natural Resources , echoed his colleague 's comments .
“ Today 's agreement will help advance Canada as an energy leader , as a place where good projects get built , ” Carr said . “ This is yet another step in building an energy future with Canadians where the environment and economy go hand-in-hand . ”
While the federal government has green-lit the pipeline , there has been opposition from Premier Horgan , who has taken the issue to the B.C . Court of Appeal with a constitutional reference case to argue that the province has jurisdiction to limit the flow of bitumen from Alberta into B.C .
Even though the federal Liberals are hoping to sell the pipeline project in the future , Stetski questioned the government 's role in buying it in the first place and whether it will gain a future financial return .
“ So was it a wise economic and business investment ? It kind of appeared that Kinder Morgan might not have thought this was such a good deal for a variety of reasons and those same concerns that Kinder Morgan and have not gone away , ” Stetski said .
“ The Indigenous rights concerns , the concerns over who has jurisdiction provincially or federally , so all of the concerns that were in place that Kinder Morgan was looking at…the federal government now has taken on all of that as well as spending $ 4.5 billion for the old pipeline , let alone the new one . ”
Given the amount of money involved , Stetski said there were a number of other spending priorities the federal government should be focused on .
“ Even just looking at $ 4.5 billion , when you look at what that money could have been used for , and everything from universal pharmacare to universal daycare… ” he said .
“ The auditor general just said the Liberals are $ 3.2 billion short in funding clean drinking water on reserves around Canada .
“ You just have to shake your head , quite frankly . And when you look at where they might get the money to pay for that , and we do n't know yet exactly whether they 're just going to add to the deficit ? ”
Stetski also said the money could have been spent on green energy projects , or the construction of a refinery in Canada so that raw bitumen does n't need to be shipped overseas and jobs could be created in the country .
@ tcrawls
trevor.crawley @ cranbrooktownsman.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
New Delhi : The Supreme Court on Tuesday said the CBI-led investigation in the larger conspiracy behind the assassination of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi does not appear to have achieved `` much headway '' .
The apex court referred to the reports filed before it by the CBI and observed that the investigation by the Multi Disciplinary Monitoring Agency ( MDMA ) could be `` endless '' .
The MDMA is headed by a CBI official and comprises officers from IB , RAW and Revenue Intelligence and other agencies .
`` The MDMA is investigating the larger conspiracy . From CBI reports , it does n't seem that there is much headway . So this enquiry could be endless , '' a bench comprising Justices Ranjan Gogoi and R Banumathi said .
The top court also arrayed the Centre as a party in the plea filed by one of the convicts in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case .
The bench fixed the matter for hearing on 24 January .
The apex court had on 14 November asked the government to respond to a plea of the convict , AG Perarivalan , seeking suspension of his sentence till the CBI concluded its probe into the conspiracy behind the making of the belt bomb that killed Gandhi and several others .
The court asked the Centre to clarify its stand on the plea by Perarivalan , whose death sentence was earlier commuted to life term by the apex court .
In his plea , Perarivalan has told the court that he was held guilty for supplying two nine-volt batteries which were allegedly used in the improvised explosive device ( IED ) that killed Gandhi on 21 May , 1991 , but the probe by CBI-led MDMA relating to the IED was still going on .
The convict has said he has spent 26 years behind bars in connection with the case , while the Tamil Nadu government has already decided to set him free by remitting the remaining portion of his sentence .
Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated on the night of 21 May , 1991 at Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu by a woman suicide bomber , identified as Dhanu , at an election rally . Fourteen others , including Dhanu herself , were also killed .
This was perhaps the first case of suicide bombing which had claimed the life of a high-profile global leader .
The Centre had earlier filed in a sealed cover a report on the investigation being carried out on the conspiracy aspect behind the making of the bomb that had killed Gandhi .
The apex court had on 17 August asked the Centre and CBI to apprise it of the probe being carried out on the conspiracy aspect behind the making of bomb after Perarivalan had claimed that this aspect was not being probed properly .
The apex court had on 18 February , 2014 commuted the death sentence of Perarivalan to life imprisonment , along with two other condemned prisoners — Santhan and Murugan — on grounds of a delay of 11 years in deciding their mercy pleas by the Centre .
As a result of a rare species of “ climbing beans ” developed locally , Rwandan farmers have seen huge production . Added phosphorus and manure , the …
Rwead more
Financial services conglomerate HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh has said succession planning at the housing finance firm and its group companies is a `` key agenda '' before their boards and they need to evaluate options of both external and internal candidates.Parekh , however , made it clear that at HDFC Ltd , the board and its present Vice Chairman and CEO Keki Mistry have agreed that he will continue in this role for a period of three years , subject to shareholders ' approval.In his annual letter to investors , Parekh said it is important to reiterate to all the shareholders that succession planning both , within HDFC and its group companies is a key agenda on each of the respective boards . `` As passionate and energetic as some of our leaders within the HDFC group are about their jobs , the reality is that individuals do get on in age . `` Personally , the task of ensuring frictionless transitions is and will be on the top of my mind . That said , it is not as if there will be any announcements right away . All the boards of the HDFC group of companies believe that succession planning needs a time frame of 18 to 24 months to ensure a smooth transition , '' he said.Parekh said he is confident of the strong pipeline of talent for various functions across all companies within the HDFC group . `` Yet , positions at the helm require the respective boards and nomination and remuneration committees to evaluate options of both , internal and external candidates , '' he wrote.Parekh said he could not be more grateful to all the leaders across the HDFC group for the extraordinary work that they do each day . `` Yet , each one of these outstanding leaders stand tall because of their strong and cohesive teams that back them . As for me , I wo n't lose sight of the fact that it is the continued support of our shareholders that gives me the privilege to serve as non-executive chairman , '' he said.Besides HDFC Ltd , the major group firms include HDFC Bank , currently headed by Aditya Puri , as well as its mutual fund and insurance ventures.The bank has also decided to look for the successor for its managing director Aditya Puri . The successor is likely to be announced by October 2019 , a year prior to Puri stepping down from the charge in October 2020.Parekh said HDFC has delivered amongst the best-in-class shareholder value - an estimated 360 times increase in market capitalisation over a 25-year period between 1993 and 2018.There are now four listed entities within the HDFC group and one more is on the anvil . `` We hope to have the initial public offering of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited launched shortly , '' Parekh said.He said HDFC concluded the last financial year with an equity share capital raise of Rs 13,000 crore and a large part of the capital raised will be utilised to maintain its shareholding in HDFC Bank . `` Our investment in the bank has been amongst our best value drivers for several years , '' he said.Parekh said HDFC continues to maintain a fortified balance sheet and the time is right to lay the foundation for the next phase of long-term growth and sustainability . `` Some of our plans for the future are still at the drawing board stage . Yet , we know the broad contours . `` We want to focus on strengthening our presence across the entire value chain of housing , seek opportunities in stressed real estate assets , mark a deeper footprint in the health insurance space and explore emerging organic and inorganic growth opportunities , '' he said.Parekh said the group will also continue to support the growth of our subsidiary companies.He said as a financial conglomerate , HDFC needs to keep building for the future . `` Our key long-term priorities are ethics , transparency , performance and customer-orientation . We will continue to pursue these priorities with vigour whilst focusing on the potential to create long-term value , '' Parekh wrote.He said the group regularly engages in dialogue with our stakeholders on developments of the Corporation , but desists from the practice of quarterly or annual earnings guidance . `` Listed companies do feel the pressure - not of quarterly reporting per se , but meeting short-term expectations of the markets in an increasingly volatile environment . `` Globally , there is a discernible trend of companies curtailing capex , holding back on investing in new products or reducing budgets on human resources , research and development . These are often myopically construed as dispensable costs . Nothing can be more damaging to a company than putting off long-term investments to appease short-term stakeholders .
Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Chris Sale , right , delivers to the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a spring training baseball game Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Fort Myers , Fla. Chris O'Meara AP Photo
A Canadian Armed Forces official says the investigation into an incident involving the Proud Boys group which took place on Canada Day has recently concluded .
Lt. Cmdr Jordan Holder with Maritime Forces Atlantic confirmed the investigation 's status on Monday to Global News .
The investigation began in early July , only a few days after a group of military members identifying themselves as “ Proud Boys , ” disrupted an Indigenous ceremony in Halifax on Canada Day .
READ MORE : Halifax 's Timber Lounge owner responds to negative reviews after giving ‘ Proud Boys ' the boot
Three days after the incident , the Armed Forces confirmed five members of the military were involved in the incident and apologized for their actions .
Rear Admiral John Newton said he had met with the men in a “ one-way conversation ” and that at least two were members of the Royal Canadian Navy .
Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan and Chief of the Defence Staff Gen. Jonathan Vance also both condemned the actions of the men .
Administrative action was initiated , and the men have since been placed on paid leave . Newton had also said the Canadian Forces National Investigation Service was investigating .
WATCH : The interruption of an Indigenous protest by Canadian Armed Forces members representing the “ Proud Boys ” organization has many wondering who the “ Proud Boys ” are and what their presence means in Canada . Dave Squires has more on that story .
The results of the investigation have not been made public as of Monday afternoon , but Holder said “ results are being reviewed by the chain of command . ”
Mincing no words at the Shanghai Cooperation Organization ( SCO ) meet in China on Tuesday , external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj said that the fight against terrorism was not just limited to eliminating militants but must also include taking strict action against states that encourage terrorism. “ Terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights : of life , peace and prosperity . We strongly believe that our fight against terrorism should not only seek to eliminate terrorists but should also identify and take strong measures against States that encourage , support and finance terrorism and provide sanctuary to terrorists and terror groups , ” Swaraj said at the SCO foreign ministers meet , adding that there was an imminent need to build a security architecture to combat it . Her statement came as China reaffirmed its support to Pakistan , a country that India has constantly accused of harbouring terrorists and supporting them.Chinese minister of foreign affairs Wang Yi on Monday held talks with his Pakistani counterpart Khwaja Muhammad Asif . Yi said that the relations between the two countries had enjoyed a good momentum and that the “ two sides have maintained close contacts in all directions and coordinated with each other on major international and regional issues. ” Swaraj also said that the Security Council at the United Nations was unable to respond to security challenges on Tuesday and called for reforms in the Council. “ Since 2008 , the international community has carefully nurtured the ongoing Inter Governmental Negotiations at the UN to take our discussions on UNSC reforms forward . An overwhelming majority of members have expressed their desire to see these negotiations continue on the basis of a text , ” she added.Swaraj also expressed strong support to maintaining peace and order in Afghanistan and called upon member countries to support the nation.Swaraj further said that protectionism in all its forms must be rejected and efforts be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade. “ We must promote liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment to inject greater impetus into the world economy . In this respect we must continue to diversify cooperation in the fields of innovation and digital economy , science and technology , energy , agriculture , food security , amongst others , ” the external affairs minister added.Swaraj also reaffirmed India 's constant support in ensuring connectivity in the region . India has been actively involved in the International North-South Transport Corridor , the Chabahar Port Development , the Ashgabat Agreement , India-Myanmar-Thailand Highway Project , Bangladesh-Butan-India-Nepal ( BBIN ) Initiative amongst others and had , in 2017 , opened up the air freight corridor between Kabul , Kandahar , New Delhi and Mumbai last year .
Shillong : The Congress in Meghalaya on Saturday dared the National People 's Party ( NPP ) , an ally of the BJP at the Centre and in Manipur , to leave the NDA coalition to prove that they were not its proxy party .
The ruling Meghalaya Congress also alleged that the saffron party invited NPP leaders from Jaintia hills and Garo hills to Guwahati and jointly got into an exercise on how and where to field candidates .
The BJP and NPP are contesting 27 February poll for 60-member Meghalaya Assembly separately . The counting of votes will take place on 3 March .
`` If they say that the NPP is not with the BJP then why do n't they leave the NDA , then only people will believe them , '' AICC media-coordinator Bobeeta Sharma told reporters in Shillong .
Otherwise , no matter how hard the NPP tries to explain their position , their actions will still show that the party is with the BJP , she said .
She said , `` They just want to give the impression that they are not in favour of Modi . ''
State Cabinet Minister Ronnie V Lyngdoh said the party 's claim on the BJP-NPP nexus was substantiated when Tura MP Conrad K Sangma 's praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his speech in Parliament .
Lyngdoh alleged that the BJP invited NPP leaders from Jaintia hills and Garo hills to Guwahati and jointly got into an exercise to field candidates .
Predicting that the NPP would get only `` single digit '' seats in the coming state assembly polls , the minister said , `` the people here will reject any party which has anything to do with a communal party . ''
He also cited how the BJP shifted its candidate Banteilang Rumnong from Sohra to Pynursla to aide the NPP candidate , also a former Congress leader P Tynsong .
The NPP is in alliance with BJP at the Centre , in Manipur and Rajasthan and is part of the BJP-led North East Democratic Alliance .
`` It goes to prove beyond any doubt that NPP is working together with the party leading the alliance which is none other than the BJP . To say that they are not together is all hogwash , '' the Meghalaya Congress leader said .
On NPP projection of Bihar Chief Minister and JD ( U ) President Nitish Kumar as the leader to unseat PM Narendra Modi and not Rahul Gandhi , the Congress media coordinator said the statement of NPP state president Wanwei Roy Kharlukhi was overboard .
Kubanychbek Kulmatov will again head the State Customs Service . Prime Minister Sapar Isakov said to journalists today .
Kulmatov is 54 years old . To date , he headed the National Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic .
Previously , he was the head of the Russian-Kyrgyz Development Fund . He worked as a Chairman of the State Customs Service in 2010-2013 .
3:20
Trump to Russia-linked ex-advisors : Keep your distance
2:44
AG Sessions says DOJ will cut funding to sanctuary cities
1:30
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A school in Farnborough had to be evacuated on Tuesday ( June 13 ) after a small fire broke out .
Guillemont Junior School , in Sandy Lane , was evacuated after a laptop caught fire shortly before 1.30pm .
A spokesman for Hampshire Fire and Rescue Service confirmed that a crew from Rushmoor fire station responded .
However , firefighters arrived to find that headteacher Denis Foster had already put out the fire with an extinguisher .
( Photo : Rushmoor Fire Station )
The fire crew were at the school for around 20 minutes , using a special fan to clear smoke from the building .
The spokesman confirmed there were no injuries reported following the incident , and no damage to the building .
Rushmoor fire station praised staff at the school for their quick thinking , tweeting that they had carried out a `` great full evacuation '' .
An unexpected run to the semifinals of the Rogers Cup has rocketed Canada 's newest tennis star up the world rankings .
Denis Shapovalov improved from 143rd to 67th in Monday 's updated ATP singles rankings .
The 18-year-old left-hander from Richmond Hill , Ont. , introduced himself to Canada last week with an exhilarating performance at the Rogers Cup in Montreal that included a victory over top-seeded Spanish legend Rafael Nadal .
The Canadian lost to fourth-seeded German Alexander Zverev in Saturday 's semifinals but still pocketed a cool US $ 220,760 in prize money .
Shapovalov told reporters over the weekend that his “ whole life has changed in the past five days . ”
“ I do n't even think I realize it yet , ” he said . “ I mean , it 's a huge jump ( in the rankings ) . ”
The main question now is whether the Rogers Cup was a flash in the pan or a sign of bigger things to come .
Zverev , also one of the game 's rising stars , predicted a long rivalry with the Canadian .
“ I told him that this is just the first match of very many that we will play against him , ” said Zverev , currently ranked 10th . ” Hopefully a lot of other big matches , maybe in Grand Slams , maybe in finals of tournaments .
“ On the other hand , I will say ‘ Do n't expect him to win U.S. Open in the next few months . ' He still needs some time . This is I think the best tennis he played in his life . For him to play this level consistently , it might take him another two to three years . ”
Zverev ended his first season as an 18-year-old ranked 83rd .
Shapovalov has spent most of his time since turning pro last year playing lower-tier Challenger events and was scheduled to play the Odlum Brown Vanopen in Vancouver this week . He withdrew Sunday , citing fatigue .
If he can maintain his ranking , he could be leaving the Challenger circuit behind altogether as he 'll now have more opportunities to play top-level ATP events .
His next major task will be to qualify for the U.S. Open , which starts later this month in New York .
Milos Raonic , Canada 's highest-ranked singles player , saw his ranking unchanged at No . 10 after a second-round loss in Montreal . Vancouver 's Vasek Pospisil , who was eliminated in the first round last week , dropped three spots to No . 78 .
The Canadian Press
Welcome to California Inc. , the weekly newsletter of the L.A. Times Business Section .
I 'm Business columnist David Lazarus , and here 's a rundown of upcoming stories this week and the highlights of last week .
President Trump 's war dance with North Korea appeared to send jitters through the booming stock market , prompting a 1.1 % decline in the Dow Jones industrials . We also learned Friday that consumer prices increased in July for the first time in three months as Americans paid more for food . Still , inflation remains soft , a trend that has concerned Federal Reserve officials because it indicates that the economy still is not operating at maximum efficiency .
LOOKING AHEAD
Fed minutes : The Federal Reserve will release an account of its July policymaking meeting on Wednesday . The minutes could indicate when officials might hike a key interest rate again , and whether they will start reducing their holdings of stimulus assets in September . The Fed acquired those assets when it embarked on its quantitative-easing campaign to boost the economy following the financial crisis .
Box office : Steven Soderbergh , director of “ Ocean 's Eleven ” and “ Magic Mike , ” returns from his early self-imposed Hollywood retirement with the action flick “ Logan Lucky , ” which opens Friday . Soderbergh financed and arranged to release the picture without a studio , retaining control over production and marketing . His experiment faces studio-backed action comedy : Lionsgate 's “ The Hitman 's Bodyguard . ”
Golden State jobs : California releases its employment report on Friday , and economists will be looking for further signs that the state 's long recovery may be slowing . The previous report , in June , marked the second time this year the state lost jobs month over month – an indicator that California 's job engine may be sputtering . July 's report will help confirm whether that slowdown is a blip or the beginning of a trend .
Hot wheels : The world 's top collectors and restorers of vintage , antique and classic cars are headed to the Monterey Peninsula for seven days of historic car races , auctions and rallies . Millions of dollars in vehicles will change hands before the final blue ribbons are given out Sunday at the 67th annual Pebble Beach Concours D'Elegance .
THE AGENDA
Monday 's Business section notes that the nuclear energy industry has had a bad couple of weeks . On July 31 , utilities in South Carolina announced they are stopping work on two new reactors , saying cost estimates came to almost twice what was expected . Then , two days later , developers of another nuclear project in the South announced costs had swelled from $ 14 billion to more than $ 25 billion . It seems fair to ask : Does the industry have a future ?
STORY LINES
Here are some of the other stories that ran in the Times Business section in recent days that we 're continuing to follow :
Disney goes digital : Disney will launch two Netflix-like streaming services — one for sports and another for films and television shows — in one of the boldest moves by an entertainment company to address the changing media landscape . The stand-alone subscription services would appeal to younger audiences who are turning away from traditional media . As far as the ESPN service is concerned , the consensus in the sports TV industry is that Disney could not afford to wait any longer .
Google memo : Google employee James Damore was supposed to come away from diversity training with a newfound sense of empathy for colleagues who did not look like him . Instead , the white male software engineer decided to write a now-infamous 3,000-word memo railing against Google 's “ ideological echo chamber , ” arguing that women land fewer tech jobs because of biological differences . The search giant fired him in response , but that only served to inflame the controversy .
Snap slapped : Snapchat picked up fewer users and less revenue in the second quarter than analysts had expected , sending shares of owner Snap Inc. plummeting . The Los Angeles tech company has suffered through a treacherous run on Wall Street since a blockbuster IPO five months ago . Snap has n't delivered in its first two earnings reports , missing on estimates for daily usage and adding new features for advertisers more slowly than analysts would like .
Uber lawsuit : Uber co-founder and former chief executive Travis Kalanick is being sued for fraud by Benchmark Capital , one of the ride-hailing giant 's earliest investors . The Menlo Park venture capital firm alleges that Kalanick breached his fiduciary duty and contractual obligations by stacking the company 's board with allies to shield his conduct from redress . The suit contends this was done to “ clear the path for his eventual return as CEO. ” In response , an investor group that supports Kalanick sent a letter to the board asking for Benchmark to sell at least 75 % of its holdings .
BEIJING , March 19 ( APP ) : Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi has congratulated Li Keqiang on his re-election as the Premier of the State Council of People 's Republic of China .
The Prime Minister said that Premier Li Keqiang 's re-election was a manifestation of the confidence reposed by the Chinese people in his leadership abilities , according to a statement issued by Pakistan Embassy here on Monday .
The Prime Minister also noted that Pakistan-China relationship enjoyed full support across all segments of the Pakistani society .
He underscored that China-Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) being the flagship project of Belt and Road Initiative ( BRI ) served as a window of opportunity for the prosperity of two nations , and for regional and trans-regional connectivity , economic integration and development .
As the NHL heads into its first weekend of regular season action for the 2017-18 season , there a few pieces of news and some speculation that one team might be making a major change .
The Senators have an issue with Kyle Turris and the Flames could have a slight issue with Jaromir Jagr . The Golden Knights are back at the top of the pile in terms of making moves and Iginla is still waiting .
Ottawa Senators and Kyle Turris
Word was released by TSN Hockey Insider Darren Dreger that the Ottawa Senators and forward Kyle Turris might be at an impasse in terms of his future with the organization . The Senators have been unwilling to meet Turris ‘ ask for a long-term extension and he believes this means a trade is the only likely outcome .
Both sides started talking extension this summer but the Sens do n't believe he 's the right fit for their team into his later years . Dreger said :
“ There has been a fair bit of dialogue between Senators management and the agent who represents Kyle Turris , dating back to early July or late June . Kyle Turris wants to commit long-term to the Ottawa Senators , we 're talking about a seven or eight-year term . So far , the Sens have n't been willing to do that , so they can not allow an important piece like Kyle Turris to walk out as an unrestricted free agent .
This is a big blow to the organization should they lose Turris . He 's the team 's top center and scored 27 goals and 55 points in 78 games with the Senators last season . He was also a major factor in the playoffs and there 's no way the Sens get back as valuable a piece back if teams know they two sides are n't seeing eye to eye .
Would a trade with the Avalanche for Matt Duchene be an option worth considering ? A center for a center with two valuable pieces might get the conversation started from both sides .
Jagr Not Ready
Jaromir Jagr joined the Calgary Flames in time to see his new team lose to the Edmonton Oilers on Wednesday , and while he was n't ready to play , it appears it might be longer than some expected before he does more than skate with the team in practice .
Jagr looking good in the new # Flames silks ! pic.twitter.com/15ss3w8LXU — Calgary Flames ( @ NHLFlames ) October 4 , 2017
Word is that Jagr is not feeling well after full practices with the franchise and it could be some time before he feels like he 's in game shape and ready to go as part of the current roster . Jagr has no intention to step on the ice until he feels he can compete and Flames ' coach Glen Gulutzan said Jagr will let him know and outside of that , the team will wait .
Jagr could be ready as early as Saturday and it could be much longer .
Golden Knights Will Be Busy
We 've already seen one trade as the Golden Knights sent goaltender Calvin Pickard to the Maple Leafs for forward Tobias Lindberg and a 2018 sixth-round pick . The team has also sent a number of players to the minors because their contracts allowed them to do so and the team might have more pending moves coming .
TSN 's Bob McKenzie suggests this could be just the start of some major shuffling coming out of Vegas .
Jarome Iginla
There is no news at all regarding Jarome Iginla . He is still waiting for the right opportunity , but not a lot of opportunities appear to be presenting themselves . The longer this goes , the more Iginla might lean toward retirement .
Kathua/Jammu : A Kathua court on Tuesday dismissed the bail plea of an alleged juvenile offender , detained in the rape and murder case of an eight-year-old girl .
The bail application of the underage accused was turned down by Kathua Chief Judicial Magistrate AS Langeh , the local lawyers said .
The counsel for the underage accused had moved the court for his bail soon after the crime branch had filed its charge sheet against him and seven other adults allegedly involved in the January rape and murder case .
The alleged juvenile offender had sought the bail on the ground of his age .
According to the crime branch charge sheet , the juvenile accused had played a key role in the abduction , rape and gruesome murder of the girl .
The other accused arrested in the case include local resident Sanji Ram , his son Vishal Sharma and two special police officers .
A police sub-inspector and a head constable too have been apprehended on charges of destroying crucial evidence in the case to save the culprits after taking bribe .
The body of the girl was recovered from a forest on 17 January , a week after she had gone missing while grazing horses in the forest area .
The Jammu and Kashmir government had handed over the case to the crime branch , which had formed a special investigation team to probe the rape-cum-murder .
The crime branch subsequently filed two separate charge sheets in the case - one against the seven adult accused on 9 April and the second against the juvenile accused on 10 April .
Though the crime branch has filed a separate charge-sheet against the juvenile accused , it had claimed in its earlier charge-sheet for adult accused that a medical examination had found to be an adult of around 19 years of age . The court , however , had earlier rejected the claim .
According to the charge sheet , the underage accused , a school dropout , had lured the girl to a desolate place on the false pretext of helping her in finding her missing horses , held her captive at 'devisthan ' where she was drugged and allegedly raped by him , Vishal and SPO on different occasions before being brutally killed .
`` These are two of the best teams in the country , uniting to show support and to show that we can be stronger together , '' said Liza David , a UCLA Athletics spokeswoman . `` We have so many athletes who were affected . ''
KIEV - Republican US Senator John McCain promised on Saturday continued support for Kiev in the face of aggression from Moscow , as he spent New Year 's Eve on the front line in Ukraine 's eastern conflict zone . McCain was one of a bipartisan group of 27 US senators who sent a letter to President-elect Donald Trump in December , urging him to take a tough line against Russia over what they termed its `` military land grab '' in Ukraine .
`` I send the message from the American people - we are with you , your fight is our fight and we will win together , '' McCain was quoted as saying by Ukrainian President Poroshenko 's press service . `` In 2017 we will defeat the invaders and send them back where they came from . To Vladimir Putin - you will never defeat the Ukrainian people and deprive them of their independence and freedom , '' McCain said after a visit to a military base in the southeastern town of Shyrokyne .
Trump signalled during his campaign that he might take a softer line in dealings with Moscow , repeatedly praising Russian President Putin 's leadership . Trump 's election caused jitters in Ukraine but officials in Kiev hope that the incoming president 's policies , influenced by Republican hawks and a Republican-voting Ukrainian diaspora , will be friendlier towards Ukraine than his campaign rhetoric might have suggested . Ukraine has relied on Western support and economic aid since street protests in 2014 which toppled a Kremlin-backed president and were followed by a war with pro-Russian separatists and Russia 's annexation of the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine .
The student housing business seems to be getting set for several more good years .
“ There 's definitely a need for additional housing supply over the next five to 10 years , ” says J.J. Smith , president of CA Student Living , an investor and developer specializing in student housing properties .
This fall , students once again filled up student housing beds at near record rates . The percentage of available units is near historic lows , despite relatively high levels of new construction . Rents also continue to increase , on average .
How long can the good times last ? Experts see strong demand through the next five years and good opportunities for carefully targeted new development .
Steady demand for student housing
The demand for student housing appears to be strong for the foreseeable future . The number of college-age people in the U.S. is increasing , and a dependably large number of them are choosing to enroll in college classes .
There is likely to be a pool of over 30 million college-age people every year for decades to come . In 2015 , there were 31,214 people residing in the U.S. who were 18 to 24 years old . The number will dip to 30,555 in 2020 , then inch slowly back towards 31 million through 2035 , rising more quickly afterwards , according to an analysis of Census data by CA Student Living .
“ Growth of the college age population has been decelerating in recent years , but we 're projecting this to turn positive and remain stable over the next five years , ” says Taylor Gunn , director for student housing for data firm Axiometrics , a RealPage company based in Richardson , Texas .
Of those young people , the percentage who are attending college after high school continues to hold steady at a little more than two-thirds—69.7 percent in 2016 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . If the economy slows , that number is likely to creep up .
“ That translates to a stable demand base for university enrollments , ” says Smith .
By 2026 , there will be 22.6 million people pursuing a post-secondary degree in the U.S. , up from 20.4 million in 2017 and just 6.6 million in 1990 , according to the National Center for Education Statistics .
“ Also driving this continued growth are disproportionate increases in international student and graduate enrollments , ” says Frederick Pierce , president and CEO of Pierce Education Properties .
Too much of a good thing ?
Developers have been busing creating new student housing properties for these students . So far , the vast majority of new developments have found residents . The new buildings are typically marketed to attract the wealthiest student , who can pay the high rents that justify the high cost of land and construction .
“ We advise caution in continued development of very high end , expensive projects , ” says Pierce . “ There is a limited universe of students who can afford the most expensive housing… there is a risk of over-building at the high end of the market . ”
So far these types of developments are a small part of the total market for student housing . Only about a quarter ( 23 percent ) of enrolled students are housed in purpose-built student housing . Of that property segment , only one bed in 10 ( 11 percent ) is located within easy walking distance of campus , according to an analysis by student housing REIT American Campus Communities of the 68 markets where it is active .
The other student housing properties may be less expensive , but they may not provide the same value that comes with new , purpose-built communities . For example , about a fifth ( 20 percent ) of the students enrolled in ACC 's 68 markets live in on-campus housing .
This older on-campus housing “ continues to be primarily functionally-obsolete product developed for the baby boom generation—the median age exceeds 50 years , ” says William Talbot , chief investment officer for ACC .
Large universities are not able to build much new on-campus housing to compete with privately-owned properties because state budget cuts have trimmed their ability to finance new projects .
“ I do n't think the supply is meeting the demand , ” says Jeffrey Friedman , an attorney specializing in student housing with Ginsberg Jacobs , based in Chicago .
Even a potential recession should not hurt the student housing sector too much . “ As the job market begins to slow , we should see an increase in enrollment as people drop out of the workforce and go back to school or more people enroll in college immediately after high school , ” says Gunn .
“ We tend to see the higher enrollment during economic downturns or a more difficult job market , ” she says .
Ten-year-old Hailey Conroy sits in her East York living room on Friday morning singing the lyrics to Passenger 's Let Her Go .
“ Well you only need the light when it 's burning low . Only miss the sun when it starts to snow . Only know you love her when you let her go , ” she sings , as her mother weeps silently into her hands .
“ The end of October she had a bone marrow biopsy which revealed that she had Leukemia , ” Hailey 's mother , Patricia Baranyai , told Global News .
“ It 's been the most difficult thing . I 've never known anything more difficult . ”
Hailey had a few unexplained falls last spring and doctors eventually made the diagnosis . While the prognosis is good , the road to healing for Hailey will be a long one .
“ These bad cells are eating at your bones and it makes them more fragile , ” Hailey explained .
Kevin Conroy , Hailey 's dad , said she has been a trooper , having to face many fears .
READ MORE : Hospital staff throw 3-year-old with leukemia a birthday party during Hurricane Irma
As the family sits on the couch together , Hailey snuggles up to her father and whispers in his ear , “ I do n't want to go , ” referring to the hospital . She spends up to four days there every week for treatment .
“ I know . We got to go to the hospital Monday morning , ” Conroy whispered back .
Conroy knows the drill well because he too is sick . He was diagnosed a year ago with an allergy to a fungus called Aspergillus , which is virtually everywhere . It means he has a hard time breathing and has stopped working as a result .
“ It 's a bit of a pain , ” Conroy said matter-of-factly .
Top secret projects underway at Hailey 's @ tdsb school to show support for the 10-year-old who is home fighting cancer . A story on @ globalnewsto tonight about how every person 's actions can have an impact . pic.twitter.com/L6uOdkbBEF — Caryn Lieberman ( @ caryn_lieberman ) February 2 , 2018
“ It 's had quite an impact , just trying to survive . There are an awful lot of added costs with hospital trips . ”
To say that times have been tough at the Conroy home would be an understatement . It 's taken a toll on the family of four emotionally , and financially .
Baranyai has drawers and drawers filled with supplies , which currently sit untouched , from the jewelry business she has run for the last 27 years . She said she has given up 90 per cent of her clients “ because it 's too stressful , ” and because Hailey needs her mom .
But there has been support for the family .
“ It brings a tear to my eye , ” Conroy said .
Family friend Alexandra Etinger said she has been going to some appointments with Hailey and Baranyai and staff at the Gledhill Junior Public School have been organizing fundraisers to help Hailey and her family as the deal with the cost of her cancer .
“ It 's been beautiful to see so many people coming out from the community , some people who do n't even know Hailey . But they want to help out — it 's awesome , ” music teacher Heather Bailey explained as tears filled her eyes .
And Hailey 's classroom teacher David Barron has visited the family , even on Christmas Eve , to show his support and drop off gifts .
“ Over the holidays , one of the nicest things for me was actually the true meaning of Christmas . I went over there with presents … the community support has just been amazing , ” he said .
READ MORE : Calgary woman helps Manitoba toddler struggling with life-threatening disease
Barron , and many others , have brought meals to the Conroy home .
“ And there 's more to come , ” he said .
None of this has gone unnoticed by Hailey or her parents .
“ I find people amazing , ” Conroy said .
“ It 's really an eye opener in terms of what the potential is in people 's hearts , ” Baranyai said
Hailey just finished month three of a two-and-a-half year treatment plan , and she has been responding well so far .
The road to healing may be a long one for the songbird , lovingly referred to by family as “ Hailey-bird , ” so a GoFundMe page has been set up to help cover some of the costs .
“ Please help me care for Hailey in the way that she most deserves and please know that when the sun shines a little brighter , we will pay forward our blessings by raising money for the Hospital for Sick Children and other families in need , ” the family said on the page .
: In yet another twist in the race for Fortis Healthcare , IHH Healthcare Berhad on Tuesday made a binding offer to immediately infuse Rs 650 crore in the Indian firm as part of an overall proposal to invest Rs 4,000 crore.The revised offer of the Malaysian firm comes two days ahead of a meeting of Fortis Healthcare Ltd ( FHL ) board to consider recommendation by an expert advisory panel formed to finalise evaluation process of only binding offers.IHH had earlier made a non-binding offer to invest Rs 4,000 crore in Fortis at Rs 160 per share.Manipal-TPG combine and Munjals and Burmans were the only two groups which had made binding offers out of total of five suitors in race.Chinese firm Fosun Health Holdings and KKR-backed Radiant Life Care had also made non-binding expression of interests in FHL.In a regulatory filing today , Fortis Healthcare said it has received an `` unsolicited binding offer '' from IHH Healthcare with a proposal to invest directly into the company.In a letter to the board of directors of FHL , IHH Healthcare Berhad MD and Group CEO Tan See Leng said the binding proposal was for an immediate primary equity infusion of Rs 650 crore in FHL by way of a preferential issue and allotment of equity shares at Rs 160 per share.IHH has also demanded the right to appoint two directors on the board of FHL.The Malaysian firm , however , said its binding offer is subject to it being allowed to do due diligence and receipt of relevant regulatory approvals.In his letter , Leng further said its non-binding offer would include investment of Rs 3,350 crore through a subsequent preferential issue and allotment of equity shares subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence at a share price not exceeding Rs 160 apiece.IHH said its revised offer would automatically withdraw on May 4.On Monday , Hero Enterprise Investment and the Burman family had announced extension of the validity of their improved joint binding offer to invest Rs 1,500 crore in FHL till May 4.The development followed the FHL board forming an expert panel last week to evaluate binding offers and make the final recommendation by April 26.The advisory committee constituted by the Fortis board to oversee evaluation process and function as an advisor to the board is headed by Deepak Kapoor , former chairman and CEO of Price Waterhouse Coopers , India.The other members of the panel are Renuka Ramnath , former MD & CEO of ICICI Venture ; and Lalit Bhasin , President , Society of Indian Law Firms & Managing Partner , Bhasin & Co.On April 18 , Hero Enterprise Investment Office and Burman Family Office improved their binding offer with a proposal to invest Rs 1,500 crore directly at a valuation of Rs 161.6 per share , from the earlier Rs 1,250 crore . They had stated that their improved offer was valid for five working days.The Manipal/TPG-led consortium had raised their offer for Fortis to Rs 155 per share by valuing the hospital business higher at Rs 6,061 crore from Rs 5,003 crore in its initial offer on March 27.Fortis Healthcare had also received an unsolicited non-binding expression of interest from Fosun Health Holdings , an arm of Fosun International , with a proposal of primary infusion at a price up to Rs 156 per share up to a total investment of USD 350 million ( over Rs 2,295 crore ) .On the other hand , Radiant Life Care had offered to acquire at least 26 per cent stake in Fortis at Rs 126 per share , excluding its diagnostic business SRL.Shares of FHL on Tuesday ended 0.90 per cent up at Rs 151.55 apiece on the BSE .
Jakarta : Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday left for Malaysia after wrapping up his visit to Indonesia where he held talks with President Joko Widodo to cement the political , economic and strategic interest of the two friendly maritime neighbours .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi leaves for Malaysia 's Kuala Lumpur from Jakarta in Indonesia . pic.twitter.com/9hZRSzTuZz — ANI ( @ ANI ) May 31 , 2018
I thank President Joko Widodo and the wonderful people of Indonesia for the exceptional hospitality . This visit has added great strength to bilateral relations between our nations . @ jokowi pic.twitter.com/J3d3vHss1o — Narendra Modi ( @ narendramodi ) May 31 , 2018
During his brief stopover in Kuala Lumpur on his way to Singapore , Modi will meet his newly-elected Malaysian counterpart Mahathir Mohammad . Ninety-two-year-old Mahathir was sworn in as Malaysia 's prime minister on 10 May after leading the opposition alliance to a stunning election victory over the Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition , which had ruled Malaysia since 1957 .
Modi and Mahathir are expected to deliberate on ways to deepen bilateral relationship in a range of areas , including trade and investment .
During his first-ever official visit to Indonesia , Modi held `` productive discussions '' with President Widodo . The two countries elevated their bilateral ties to Comprehensive Strategic Partnership and condemned terrorism in all its forms , including cross-border terror . India and Indonesia also signed 15 agreements , including one to boost defence cooperation and called for freedom of navigation in the strategic Indo-Pacific region .
Modi began his five-day three-nation tour on Tuesday . He will visit Singapore , Indonesia , and Malaysia through which he aims to boost the Act East Policy and strengthen ties with the ASEAN countries .
Saya berterima kasih kepada Presiden Joko Widodo dan warga Indonesia yang luar biasa atas keramahan yang luar biasa . Kunjungan ini telah menambah kekuatan besar bagi hubungan bilateral kami . @ jokowi pic.twitter.com/o54QVAgdJ7 — Narendra Modi ( @ narendramodi ) May 31 , 2018
Paid tributes at the iconic Kalibata Heroes Cemetery in Jakarta . pic.twitter.com/TWn3SlcvzH — Narendra Modi ( @ narendramodi ) May 30 , 2018
Mengadakan diskusi produktif dengan Presiden @ jokowi . Senang bahwa hubungan antara India dan Indonesia mendapatkan momentum . Kami membahas bidang kerjasama strategis , cara-cara menuju hubungan ekonomi yang lebih baik dan hubungan budaya yang lebih erat di antara bangsa kami . pic.twitter.com/46xE2XcZWZ — Narendra Modi ( @ narendramodi ) May 30 , 2018
With inputs from agencies
Audrey Y. Lewis , 80 , of Wood River , died at 3:09 p.m. Thursday , Dec. 29 , 2016 , at Alton Memorial Hospital .
Visitation will be 9 a.m. until time of service at 11 a.m. Tuesday , Jan. 3 , 2017 , at Marks Mortuary in Wood River . Burial will follow in Wanda Cemetery in South Roxana .
Sam Smith 's highly anticipated follow-up to his Grammy-winning debut arrives next month .
Titled “ The Thrill of It All , ” the new album will drop Nov. 3 .
Opening with his comeback single “ Too Good at Goodbyes , ” the 10-track record sees Smith working with longtime collaborator and friend Jimmy Napes as well as widening his palette and drafting Malay , Stargate , Jason `` Poo Bear '' Boyd and , probably most surprising , Timbaland .
The British crooner also revealed the first dates of what will be a lengthy world tour in support of the new record .
The tour , which is named after the album , opens June 18 in Toronto and includes a two-night stint at Staples Center on Aug. 28-29 before wrapping in Calgary , Canada , on Sept. 13 .
To mark the announcement , Smith also shared the album 's closing track , `` Pray . '' Produced by Timbaland , the gospel-tinged track is a stirring number about searching for hope . Those who pre-ordered the album on streaming services got their hands on the track today .
`` I lift up my head and the world is on fire / There 's dread in my heart and fear in my bones / And I just do n't know what to say , '' he sings . `` Maybe I 'll pray . ''
Tickets for the North American run go on sale Oct. 12 , with a special pre-sale for fans on the singer 's website .
Each ticket purchased will come with a physical copy of Smith 's new album .
LAHORE - Makhdoom Ali Mahmood , the defeated candidate for the office of chairman district council Rahimyar Khan , has challenged the election of Mayor-elect Azhar Khan Leghari in the Election Commission of Pakistan .
The ECP has accepted the petition of Ali Mahmood for hearing . Ali , who is son of former Punjab Governor Makhdoom Ahmed Mahmood , has taken the plea that he was defeated through rigging and fraudulent means . He has also demanded re-election of chairman in RY Khan .
Talking to The Nation , Ali Mahmood said that the government had convened a meeting of district council for Monday ( today ) without waiting for the outcome of his petition . He said the opposition had decided to boycott the meeting to register its protest .
Earlier , Makhdoom Ahmad Mahmood alleged the other day that the government had purchased the loyalties of 13 PPP councillors to get its chairman elected . He had also stated that PPP had won the majority of seats of the district council , but Punjab government turned the majority into minority by doling out millions to the PPP councillors .
Islamabad-The Academic Staff Association ( ASA ) of Quaid-i-Azam University ( QAU ) on Friday sought intervention of Federal Minister for Education and Higher Education Commission ( HEC ) to remove vice chancellor of the university from the position .
The university is already facing a strike held by Quaid-i-Azam Students Federation ( QSF ) and all academic activities are suspended in the university for the last three days .
The students have presented a charter of demands to the university administration for providing facilities and restoration of expelled students .
However , in a fresh development , ASA has also demanded resignation of the VC accusing him of maladministration and financial embezzlements . In a letter written to the University Pro-Chancellor , Federal Minister Engineer Baligh-ur-Rehman , the ASA said that Prof Dr. Javed Ashraf 's performance as VC of the university has remained disappointing and he is unsuitable to continue the job .
The letter said that the current vice chancellor has failed in bringing the resources to the university and approving the Rs2.8billion PC-1 for the university . ASA also accused that the university also increased the student fee due to mismanagement .
ASA wrote to the minister that the university is facing the worst administrative challenge ; the registrar , controller examination and additional registrar all are on forced leave while the treasurer has been sent back to his parent department .
ASA said “ The faculty has zero regard for any corrupt or incompetent officer and would like to see accountability carried out . ”
ASA accused the VC for defying the university syndicate on important financial matters including the investment in a private bank .
In a letter written to Chairman HEC , ASA said that VC has failed in appointing the director planning of the university for years .
The letter said that the VC failed in maintaining good relations with the syndicate and HEC ; he also encouraged the faculty to take strong stance against HEC only to abandon them in trouble . “ HEC conducted an audit of administrative decisions taken by the VC in October-January 2016-17 but the government did not take any action on it .
ASA sought intervention of the federal education minister to take resignation or remove the VC from the post .
Meanwhile , the students on strike eased the protest by removing the hurdles from the main avenue of the university . However , the transport and classes remained suspended .
Sources in university told The Nation that the point of restoration of expelled students is a bone of contention between the university administration and QSF .
The district administration has mediated to open the blocked roads inside the university , but students refused to end the protest until taking written guarantee for fulfilling their all demands .
VC QAU Prof Dr Javed Ashraf talking to The Nation said that ASA move to force him for the resignation is only a ‘ political drama ' .
He said the university elections are approaching and likely ‘ anti-establishment ' forces are going to win it . He said that a silent majority is supporting him for his better decisions for the university , however , there are also disgruntled elements there .
Harvey Weinstein after turning himself to authorities following allegations of sexual misconduct , May 25 , 2018 , in New York .
Julio Cortez/ AP
Harvey Weinstein 's defense attorney says Weinstein wo n't appear before the New York grand jury meeting Wednesday to hear testimony on the sex-crimes charges against him .
Attorney Ben Brafman issued a statement Wednesday saying he advised Weinstein to skip the grand jury hearing because of a lack of time to prepare .
`` After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the Grand Jury , Mr. Weinstein 's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein , '' said the statement sent to USA TODAY .
`` The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr. Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day Weekend and a deadline for his appearance set for Wednesday ( at ) 2 p.m .
`` Our request for a postponement of his appearance before the Grand Jury was denied . Accordingly , Mr. Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr. Weinstein intends to follow the advice of his attorneys and not testify before the Grand Jury . ''
Weinstein turned himself into New York police on Friday and was charged with felony sex crimes , including first- and third-degree rape and a first-degree criminal sex act , stemming from encounters in New York with two women , including one who was unidentified .
On Tuesday , following a closed-door meeting with Manhattan prosecutors and a judge to discuss the case , Brafman told reporters the unidentified accuser was in a decade-long relationship with Weinstein that continued after the alleged attack on her in a Manhattan hotel room in 2013 .
`` Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case , where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the Rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr. Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013 , '' Brafman 's statement Wednesday said .
Ben Brafman , attorney for Harvey Weinstein , arrives at the New York County Criminal Court , May 25 , 2018 .
Julio Cortez/ AP
Although Weinstein 's personal testimony before the grand jury could be `` compelling , '' Brafman 's statement said `` an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on ( Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus ) Vance to secure a conviction of Mr . Weinstein . ''
Vance has been criticized by New York police detectives , by New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo and by the New York state attorney general 's office in connection with accusations against Weinstein , both current and dating to 2015 .
Back then , Vance 's office decided there was n't enough evidence to press charges against Weinstein after an Italian model accused him of groping her , despite an audio tape of him seeming to acknowledge her accusations .
The current New York investigation of Weinstein is continuing before the grand jury , and further charges involving other accusers could be forthcoming if he is indicted . Weinstein , like any defendant , has the right to testify before a grand jury ; such proceedings are secret .
Weinstein , 66 , surrendered Friday and was led into court in handcuffs to face rape and criminal sex-crimes charges involving the two accusers . The fallen Hollywood mogul , who is free on $ 1 million bail and is confined to New York and Connecticut , has consistently denied having non-consensual sex with anyone .
Brafman 's legal advice to Weinstein came a day after a 90-minute conference Tuesday with prosecutors in the chambers of Judge James Burke . A transcript of the conference was sealed and Brafman was limited in what he could say about the meeting .
But he told reporters he was worried about the impact of bad publicity about his client could have on the grand jury .
Still , he said Weinstein expects to be exonerated if the case goes to trial .
`` You can only imagine what your state of mind would be if you were accused of a very serious crime that you maintain you did n't commit , '' he said Tuesday . `` So it 's a terrible state of mind in that regard , but he 's confident he 's going to clear his name . ''
Harvey Weinstein 's opulent Hollywood career Harvey Weinstein was hit with allegations of almost three decades of sexual harassment Thursday in the 'New York Times . ' The mega-producer has long been part of the Hollywood elite . Here , he poses with Sienna Miller at a dinner in 2009 . 01 / 18 Harvey Weinstein was hit with allegations of almost three decades of sexual harassment Thursday in the 'New York Times . ' The mega-producer has long been part of the Hollywood elite . Here , he poses with Sienna Miller at a dinner in 2009 . 01 / 18
Story developing ...
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
United Nations
Outgoing UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on late Friday bid farewell to the United Nations where he has worked for 10 years .
Ban said “ thank you ” to UN staff here at UN headquarters before his departure and encouraged them to keep working hard on UN causes and never give up .
A crowd of UN officials , staff members , diplomats gathered here to see him off .
Ban told the crowd that he will join the New Year celebration at the Times Square in New York City on Saturday .
He will push the button beginning the official 60-second countdown to the New Year , and call on people worldwide to take actions in support of the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) . “ Millions of people will be watching as I lose my job , ” he quipped . “ Now I feel a bit like Cinderella . Tomorrow at midnight , everything changes . ”
Ban 's tenure as the eighth UN secretary-general started on Jan. 1 , 2007 and will end on Dec. 31 , 2016 .
Portugal 's Antonio Guterres will succeed Ban on Jan. 1 , 2017.—Agencies
Saint Petersburg : Reigning champion Kristina Mladenovic of France battled back from a set down to beat Russia 's Daria Kasatkina on Saturday to set up St Petersburg Ladies Trophy final with Czech Petra Kvitova .
Fourth seed Mladenovic , ranked 10th in the world , made another step to retaining her only WTA title with a 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-2 win in two hours 17 minutes over Russia 's 20-year-old to record her second win in as many head-to-head meetings .
`` I want to give a big credit to Daria she played an amazing match , '' Mladenovic said after the match . `` It was a physically tough battle with plenty of variations and a tough mental battle for both of us .
`` To be in the final is a big reward for me for the work I 've put in . It 's a great result already . ''
The opponents both looked nervous producing a catalogue of unforced errors but eighth seed Kasatkina was a little more accurate as she took the opening set in 49 minutes .
In the second , Mladenovic was a bit more precise as the players continued trading errors and levelled after one hour 29 minutes on court .
In the deciding set , Mladenovic took control breaking Kasatkina on three occasions before ending with a drop shot on the fourth match point .
In the earlier semifinal two-time Wimbledon champion Kvitova , 27 , squeezed into the final in a tough three-setter against Germany 's Julia Goerges , the fifth seed , 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-2 .
Goerges , 12th in the WTA rankings , served for the first set but Kvitova , who appeared in the main draw courtesy of a wild card , moved up a gear and took three consecutive games for a 1-0 lead .
Goerges broke early in the second and this time kept her lead to level but in the deciding set left-handed Kvitova took complete command producing two more breaks and sealed victory with a precise forehand .
`` I have n't played in the deciding matches since June and it 's a really great feeling to be in the final again , '' Kvitova said . `` Probably now I 'm on a good way and will try to keep myself on it . ''
Five big ideas of Modi govt 's Budget 2018 that look way beyond next election and might well be irreversible
Siri was designed to help you get things done , and part of that job description is creating and updating your Reminders . If you need to be prodded to pick up milk on the way home , order that present in time for the big party , or set up that lunch meeting before the end of the day , Siri 's there to help .
How to create a time-based reminder with Siri
One of the easiest things to do with Siri is had it set up a quick Reminder . Siri is so quick , in fact , it 's almost always faster to use Siri than to tap your way through the Reminders app .
Say `` Hey , Siri '' '' or press and hold down the Home button to activate Siri . Say aloud what you want to be reminded about , and when . For example : `` Remind me to call Leanna at 9pm . '' Tap Remove to cancel the reminder .
The Reminder will go into the default Reminders list . This will be `` Reminders '' or whichever list you set as the default list in Settings .
How to create a location-based reminder with Siri
Because your iOS device knows where you are , you can set up Reminders based on location as well .
Say `` Hey , Siri '' '' or press and hold down the Home button to activate Siri . Say your reminder and be sure to say where you want to be reminded . For example : `` Remind me to feed the dog when I get home '' or `` remind me to troll Rene when I get to work '' . Tap Remove to cancel the reminder .
Just as with standard Reminders , the location Reminder will go into the default Reminders list . If you made a mistake or simply want to revise something immediately , you can tell Siri to `` change the time to '' , `` change the title ( of the appointment/event ) '' , or simply `` cancel '' it entirely .
How to create a Reminder in a specific List with Siri
If you have multiple lists in Reminders , like a packing list , a party list , etc . you can tell Siri to create a to-do item specifically for one of those lists .
Say `` Hey , Siri '' or press and hold down the Home button to activate Siri . Say aloud what you want to be reminded about and in which List you want it to go . For example : `` Add milk to grocery shopping list . '' Tap Remove to cancel the Reminder .
The Reminder will then be placed in the List you specified .
How to use Siri to remember things from apps
Siri can remind you of `` this '' , where `` this '' is almost anything you 're looking at when you invoke Siri .
Get to the content you want to remember . Say `` Hey , Siri '' '' or press and hold down the Home button to activate Siri . Say `` Remind me of this ''
Siri will add it to Reminders with a link back to not only the app , but the specific content .
SACRAMENTO ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the California Lottery 's `` Daily 4 '' game were :
8-9-5-8
( eight , nine , five , eight )
¶ Ticket-holders with all four winning numbers in the order given win the top prize . Lesser amounts are also awarded to ticket-holders with other varying combinations of the winning numbers .
The Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) has always made our nation proud . From launching 104 satellites to the orbit in a single mission to reaching Mars in its first attempt , it has done it all . But this time , the Indian scientists had a different mission on their hands.Yes , a bunch of scientists and engineers from ISRO came together to make their first ever music video ahead of India 's 70th Independence Day.The patriotic song which is mostly in Malayalam also talks about building a new nation and seeks to put an end to violence.The video also seeks to boost the morale of their fellows at ISRO who are preparing for Chandrayaan-2 , scheduled for launch early next year . The video shows an animation of the tricolour being planted on the moon.There is no political message in the video claims a band member . `` It is just a positive message from our hearts to our fellow Indians , where we try to depict an India in our dreams . This is the culmination of a long-term plan and is in no way connected to the present or past political scenarios , '' the band member told NDTV Titled , `` I am an Indian '' , the video was made over a period of 18 months with scientists spending Rs.10,000 from their pockets reported NDTV.The video was shot on the Arabian Sea coast and supported by the Space Engineers Association ( SEA ) .
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) — The presentation Larry Nassar sent a Meridian Township detective investigating a 2004 accusation against him described a legitimate medical procedure , according to a local physical therapist .
In a press conference Thursday afternoon , Meridian Township officials admitted to failing Brianne Randall-Gay more than a decade ago . She reported Nassar after an appointment in September 2004 , but authorities never pressed charges because of the explanation Nassar gave the detective .
That explanation included a PowerPoint presentation describing treatment for releasing the sacrotuberous ligament , which extends over the back and lower part of the pelvis .
“ A physician , a physical therapist , athletic trainer would look at this and say , ‘ This is thorough . It 's good . It 's legitimate , ' ” said Daniel Distin , president of The Center for Physical Rehabilitation in Kent County .
However , Distin pointed out a glaring flaw : The treatment the presentation explains did not match what Randall-Gay said Nassar did during her appointment .
“ I have , in 34 years , never heard of releasing the sacrotuberous ligament from that type of approach , ” Distin said Friday . “ If I had read ( Randall-Gay 's account ) then I would be quite skeptical . ”
The Meridian Township detective never got a second opinion from a medical professional who could compare the presentation to Randall-Gay 's account before closing the case .
“ I know it 's her word against his , but it seemed like that should 've been pursued more , in my opinion , ” Distin said .
As part of their apology , Meridian Township announced new procedures when investigating sexual assault accusations . That includes all reports being reviewed by Meridian Township Police Chief Dave Hall and working with Randall-Gay on an outreach program .
Nassar is already facing between 40 and 175 years in prison for sexually assaulting young girls and women under the guise of medical treatment , in addition to a 60-year sentence for child pornography . He will be sentenced in Eaton County for another set of sexual assaults he pleaded guilty to on Monday .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FREIN
MILFORD — Trooper Alex Douglass cried out for help . A bullet answered .
The .308-caliber round tore through bone and intestine and punched holes in his hips outside the Blooming Grove barracks on Sept. 12 , 2014 , he testified Monday .
“ It felt like I got hit in the back with a baseball bat , ” Douglass , 34 , told the jury during 50 minutes of testimony on the ninth day of the capital murder trial of Eric Matthew Frein , the man accused of squeezing the trigger .
Pike County District Attorney Ray Tonkin called Douglass to the witness stand shortly after 4 p.m . The trooper was steady as he detailed being shot . He choked up once while describing his pain . Jurors were riveted , breaking eye contact only to scribble notes . Frein rested his chin on his fist through part of the trooper 's testimony .
Frein , 33 , of Canadensis , is on trial for the shooting that wounded Douglass , of Olyphant , and killed Cpl . Bryon K. Dickson II , 38 , of Dunmore . He has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder , attempted murder , terrorism and numerous other charges stemming from the shootings and subsequent 48-day manhunt . He may face the death penalty if convicted of murder . A Chester County jury of 12 jurors and five alternates is hearing the case , which began April 4 .
On the stand , Douglass said he had worked an overtime shift monitoring traffic near a construction zone before his regular shift from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. on Sept. 12 , 2014 . He took a marked state police car home and
carpooled in with three other midnight-shift troopers .
They reached the barracks at 10:40 p.m . The three others went in the side door to change into their uniforms . Douglass , already in uniform , put his duffel bag in his car and called his girlfriend .
“ Everything 's safe , ” he told her .
Then he heard a bang . A scream followed .
“ Something just went off , ” he told his girlfriend . “ It sounded really loud . I got ta go , I 'll call you back . ”
He came up the concrete stairs on the barracks ' right side and walked along the sidewalk toward Dickson , lying on the ground . Douglass drew his gun . By then , Frein had already fired three bullets from the treeline across from the barracks , state police later charged . Two hit Dickson , one hit a tree . Douglass did n't know the sniper would sight him . He banged on a window and yelled .
“ Call EMS ! ” he shouted . “ Cpl . Dickson 's injured ! ”
Douglass knelt down to grab Dickson 's foot . The fourth and final shot hit Douglass . He reached out with his right hand and found the front door . He pulled himself inside and crawled to the left side of the lobby , hoping he was out of the shooter 's line of sight .
“ At that point I knew some coward or cowards were shooting at us from across the street , ” Douglass testified .
Douglass screamed . He could n't feel his legs . His body felt too warm . He could n't breath . Blood pooled on the floor . Troopers William Fells and Benjamin Jones came to rescue Douglass . The pain set in .
“ Probably the worst you can imagine , ” Douglass testified . “ Like your whole body 's on fire . ”
The pain in his right leg , at least , meant he was n't paralyzed .
The night blurred . A helicopter flew Douglass to Geisinger Community Medical Center in Scranton . The doctors managed only a few questions before he passed out .
Douglass woke from a medically induced coma a week later .
His hips had been shattered , his intestines pierced and his rectum “ disintegrated , ” he testified .
During the next several weeks , Douglass battled blinding pain and a constant 104-degree fever from infection . He made it home by Christmas with the help of powerful pain medication and antibiotics .
Before the shooting , he weighed a “ solid ” 180 pounds . After , he dropped to 135 .
Douglass has no feeling below his right knee and will fall if he does not wear an orthopedic brace , he testified . He has endured 18 major surgeries , his most recent in February . There are more to come .
Frein 's defense attorney , Michael Weinstein , did not cross-examine Douglass .
The trooper 's testimony ended the day in court . He left the witness stand at 5:04 p.m. and walked back to his seat with a limp .
Contact the writer :
jkohut @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9144 ;
@ jkohutTT on Twitter
Trial at a glance
Monday : The day began with an examination of Frein 's electronics .
Michael Gownley , a retired state trooper , testified he made forensic copies of two thumb drives authorities found at an abandoned airport hangar in the defunct Birchwood resort in Pocono Twp. , where U.S. marshals captured Frein on Oct. 30 , 2014 .
Derek Fozard , also a retired state trooper , then testified he examined the thumb drives and laptop computers found in the hangar and at Frein 's Canadensis home .
One thumb drive had a letter to Frein 's parents , in which the author wrote that revolution is needed , Fozard testified . Search engine activity on the computers showed that they had been used numerous times to search for “ Eric Frein ” and “ post shooting procedures , ” among other terms , both before and after the Sept. 12 , 2014 ambush .
Daniel Jones , a state Game Commission technician who did mapping for the state police during the manhunt , testified that he used Frein 's journal to map different areas Frein visited during the 48-day manhunt . Frein used power line trails and railroad tracks to cover large distances . He also tapped into various WiFi signals to access the internet while on the run , including one at 373 N. Courtland St. in East Stroudsburg .
After , Special Agent Frederick Dressler explained to the jury how a sniper manages a scope for precise shooting .
Douglass ended the day with testimony of his struggle to recover from the shooting .
Today : The prosecution will continue to call witnesses at 9 a.m .
Charges
Eric Matthew Frein is charged with first-degree murder ; first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer ; attempted first-degree murder ; attempted first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer ; assault of a law enforcement officer ; two counts each of terrorism and possession of weapons of mass destruction ; and one count each of recklessly endangering another person , discharge of a firearm into an occupied structure and possession of an instrument of crime .
Frein pleaded not guilty to all charges .
Online : Check thetimes-tribune.com and The Times-Tribune 's Facebook page for videos and the latest updates during the trial . For the newspaper 's complete Frein trial coverage , visit www.thetimes-tribune.com/frein .
MILFORD — Jurors on Monday met Eric Matthew Frein , the self-styled revolutionary .
Prosecutors introduced a letter state police say Frein wrote to his parents and stored on a thumb drive found at the abandoned airport where he was captured . Monday , the ninth day of trial , was the first time the letter had been introduced in full .
In the letter , the author wrote that only “ passing through the crucible of another revolution can get us back the liberties we once had. ” Prosecutors hope the contents of the letter will help prove the terrorism charges against the accused cop killer .
To convict Frein on terrorism , prosecutors must prove beyond reasonable doubt that he committed the crimes to “ affect the conduct of government . ”
Frein , 33 , of Canadensis , has pleaded not guilty to all charges , which include
first-degree murder , attempted murder and terrorism . He may face the death penalty if convicted of murder .
State police said he hid in the treeline across from the Blooming Grove barracks on Sept. 12 , 2014 , and fired four shots from a high-powered rifle . Two bullets hit Cpl . Bryon K. Dickson II , 38 , of Dunmore , killing him . One hit Trooper Alex T. Douglass , 34 , of Olyphant , wounding him . One hit a tree .
Retired Trooper Michael Gownley made a forensic copy of two thumb drives found at the abandoned Birchwood resort hangar and retired Trooper Derek Fozard analyzed them , they testified Monday .
Fozard testified that the analysis showed the thumb drive had been linked to a laptop found at the hangar and which stored Frein 's information at least once .
State police also analyzed the laptop found in the hangar and another found in Frein 's Canadensis bedroom .
Fozard testified that Frein had searched for “ post-shooting procedures , ” “ understanding police procedures ” and “ officer down getting an injured officer to safety ” on the day of the shooting . After the shooting , the computer had been used to search for “ blooming grove , ” “ delete facebook ” and “ Frein ” numerous times .
On Aug. 22 , 2014 , one of Frein 's computers had been used to search “ can cell phones be tracked with battery removed ” and “ how are manhunts conducted ” on May 8 , 2013 .
Contact the writer :
jkohut @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9144 ;
@ jkohutTT on Twitter
The new Moline Olive Garden officially opens for business on Monday , December 11 AT 11 a.m . It 's across from SouthPark Mall .
Within days of purchasing SouthPark , the mall 's owner , Macerich , sat down with Moline leaders to find out what the city hoped to see in the future .
`` We gave them a laundry list of things we 'd like to see , one of which was an Olive Garden , cause that was like the number one restaurant that the residents asked for , '' said Ray Forsythe , Moline 's development director .
The 6,800 sq . ft. restaurant will accommodate more than 250 guests and create more than 180 new jobs for the community .
There 's a ribbon cutting ceremony at 10 a.m. with city leaders and the Quad Cities Chamber of Commerce .
A U.S. Senate committee approved the nomination of President Donald Trump 's choice for secretary of state , Mike Pompeo , on Monday after a Republican senator who had been opposed threw his support behind the CIA director in the face of party pressure.The Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved the nomination on a party-line vote , with all 11 Republicans backing him , nine Democrats opposed and one Democrat , Chris Coons , voting `` present '' because one Republican was at a funeral out of town.Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said there were enough votes in the full Senate to confirm Pompeo this week . That would allow Pompeo to attend a NATO summit on Friday.Pompeo became one of Trump 's closest advisers during his 15 months as CIA director . He most recently has been deeply involved in preparations for Trump 's summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , including meeting with him three weeks ago.While many Democrats consider Pompeo too hawkish and worry about past harsh statements on homosexuality and Islam , he has the support of at least three Democratic senators not on the committee who are running for re-election in states Trump won easily in 2016 . That all but assures Pompeo will be confirmed . `` I do not believe Director Pompeo is someone who will always prioritize diplomacy over conflict , particularly in the context of the aggressive foreign policy voices growing around him , '' said Senator Robert Menendez , the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee , citing Pompeo 's past openness to regime change in North Korea and Iran.No Republican besides Senator Rand Paul , who changed his vote on Monday , had announced opposition.Paul 's late switch meant Pompeo avoided the embarrassment of being the first nominee for secretary of state to fail to secure the committee 's endorsement since it began considering them in the late 19th century.That would have weakened Pompeo 's reputation internationally and cast a cloud over Trump 's push to overhaul his national security team after firing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and replacing his national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , with John Bolton , also known as a hawk.The White House and Republican Party had thrown their weight behind the nomination , with unceasing attacks on Democrats for opposing Trump 's pick.Paul had opposed Pompeo for weeks , holding a news conference to announce his opposition to him , as well as Trump 's pick to replace him at the CIA , Deputy CIA Director Gina Haspel.Haspel , whose Senate confirmation hearing is next month , also faces a tough confirmation fight . Democrats , and some Republicans , are concerned about her links to the CIA 's past use of `` harsh interrogation techniques , '' widely seen as torture.Paul has repeatedly threatened opposition on policy positions staked out by Trump , before changing his mind at the last minute . Trump recently predicted he would come around again on Pompeo , calling Paul `` a good man '' who has `` never let us down . ''
Photo by Theo Tate Photo by Theo Tate Photo by Theo Tate Photo by Theo Tate Photo by Theo Tate Photo by Theo Tate Photo by Theo Tate Photo by Theo Tate
ALTON – Even a bloody nose did n't stop Alex Bergin from turning in a solid performance at the Alton Regional on Saturday at Bowl Haven .
The Alton junior came from behind to win the regional championship with a six-game score of 1,246 at the 13-team tournament . She also helped the Redbirds place fourth with a 4,894 and earn a spot in the Mount Vernon Sectional next week at NuBowl Lanes .
Bergin bowled a 217 in the sixth and final game to win the regional title . She came into the game trailing Highland 's Molly Morrison by four pins . After Bergin found out she won the title , she was congratulated by her teammates .
Now , Bergin is looking to help the Redbirds qualify for state for the fifth time in program history and for the first time in four years .
Six other area individuals will join the Redbirds at Mount Vernon . They are Sydney Sahuri of Edwardsville , Shelby Jones of Marquette Catholic , Erin Zobrist and Nicole King of Civic Memorial , Olivia Stangler of Roxana and Olivia Halusan of Metro East Lutheran .
Sahuri and Jones qualified for sectionals for the second year in a row . Zobrist , King , Stangler and Halusan will be making their first sectional appearances .
Sahuri finished fifth with an 1,156 , coming up one place short of getting a medal . She was in third going into the final game .
Jones was in seventh with an 1,104 . She was in second after the first three games .
Stangler placed 12th with a 1,053 , becoming the first Roxana bowler since Deb Bethel in '15 to earn a trip to sectionals .
Halusan finished 15th with a 1,042 . She became the first MELHS bowler to qualify for sectionals since the IHSA adopted the regional-sectional format in the '13-14 season .
Zobrist came in 10th with a 1,075 and King was 18th with a 1,017 . With Zobrist and King advancing to the Mount Vernon Sectional , CM will have a sectional qualifier for the third year in a row .
The Redbirds will compete at sectionals for the fifth year in a row . They will join Highland , Vandalia and Triad at Mount Vernon .
Highland won the sectional with a 5,456 . Vandalia , which was in first place after the first three games , was second at 5,292 . Triad came in third with a 4,963 .
The top four teams and top 10 individuals not on a sectional-qualifying team advance to the sectional round .
Edwardsville came up one place short of qualifying for sectionals as a team , placing fifth with a 4,620 . The Tigers were in 11th after the first game , then moved up to seventh after the third game . They moved up to fifth after the fourth game and stayed there the rest of the way .
Marquette placed seventh with a 4,517 . The Explorers , in their second year of competition , were in fifth after the third game .
Civic Memorial finished eighth with a 4,453 . The Eagles were in fifth after the first two games before dropping to eighth in the third game .
Roxana was ninth with a 4,181 , MELHS finished 11th with a 4,044 , Granite City came in 12th with a 3,746 and East Alton-Wood River was 13th with a 3,210 .
Granite City and EA-WR 's seasons came to an end as both schools did n't have any sectional qualifiers . Marissa Lahey led the Warriors with an 877 and Lindsey Morrison was the Oilers ' top bowler with a 744 .
The Redbirds shot an 851 after the first game and trailed Vandalia by just six pins . But after bowling a 759 in the second game , Alton dropped to fourth and stayed there the rest of the tournament .
Bergin fired a 256 in the first game , then dropped to 150 in the second game . She was in third with a 591 after the third game .
The junior suffered a bloody nose in the fourth game , but was able to bowl a 195 . She moved to second after shooting a 243 in the fifth game .
Bergin won the tournament by 30 pins over Morrison , who shot a 300 in the fourth game . Morrison , a freshman , took over first place after shooting the perfect score .
Bergin became the second Alton bowler to win a regional title . Eryka Graham came out on top in '16 .
Bergin is the only returning bowler from last year 's team that had five seniors . She has been the Redbirds ' top bowler all season long , averaging 195 games in 30 games .
Also for the Redbirds , Robi Dublo finished 20th with a 998 and Cassie Bowman placed 22nd with a 956 .
Sami Dublo bowled an 840 , Akeia Smith had a 753 and Sade Blackmon shot a 101 to round out Alton .
× Alex Bergin 2 3 18 Alton junior Alex Bergin discusses her girls bowling team qualifying for sectionals as well as winning the Alton Regional individual title on Saturday .
× Sydney Sahuri 2 3 18 Edwardsvilles Sydney Sahuri talks about qualifying for sectionals for the second year in a row .
× Shelby Jones 2 3 18 Marquette Catholic 's Shelby Jones discusses on making a second straight trip to sectionals .
× Erin Zobrist and Nicole King 2 3 18 Erin Zobrist and Nicole King of Civic Memorial discuss on qualifying for the Mount Vernon Sectional next week .
× Olivia Stangler 2 3 18 Roxanas Olivia Stangler talks about qualifying for the Mount Vernon Sectional next week .
× Olivia Halusan 2 3 18 Metro East Lutheran 's Olivia Halusan discusses on being the first sectional qualifier in school history .
Fine dining and a free art gallery hide inside the Italian community 's Columbus Centre in North York . Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
A heated dispute is brewing in the Italian-Canadian community about the future of the Columbus Centre in North York , the most iconic symbol of Italian immigration after Pier 21 in Halifax . The controversy is not just about a structure that will be torn down and replaced with something that has still to be completely defined . The dispute goes beyond the Italian-Canadian community and involves two visions of how cultural heritage should be protected . Villa Charities , which runs the Columbus Centre , is a non-profit organization that runs many activities and structures built with both public and private money in the Toronto area . For the last half century it has showcased activities to promote Italian and Italian-Canadian culture and business — everything to do with so-called “ Italianità. ” There 's social housing , sports facilities , a senior 's home , restaurants , a daycare , and an art gallery . The historic symbol of this activity is the Columbus Centre at Dufferin St. and Lawrence Ave. W. , with its well-known “ Rotonda. ” The plan put forward by Villa Charities calls for demolition of the Columbus Centre and construction of new facilities that will include a high school and theatre . Cost of the operation will be over $ 70 million , financed equally by Villa Charities and the Toronto Catholic District School Board .
Article Continued Below
The school board will contribute money from the provincial government , while Villa Charities will sell almost three acres of the dozen acres it now owns . In the end , the board will own the new structure while Villa Charities will get a long-term lease to co-use the facilities . Critics accuse Villa Charities of unnecessarily destroying a symbol of Italian-Canadian history and leaving many unanswered questions about the future of the entire organization . Villa Charities argues that the existing buildings , which date from 1980 , need expensive restructuring that it can not afford .
Of course , there are many details missing about the project . But from what is known now , it deserves to be opposed . First , Villa Charities has failed to prove that there are no alternatives to the proposed project . Second , nobody embarks on such deep changes without appropriate consultation with stakeholders . Third , a public organization ca n't sign agreements first and give the details after . If this lack of openness is just a mistake , the organization has created a public relations disaster from which it will be hard to recover . These serious procedural failings have increased suspicion about the real scope of the plan and raised concerns about the future of the centre . Critics fear it will lose its major symbolic structure and end up with a fragmented ownership . If the Columbus Centre can go now , everything can go in the future , at the whim of the board of the day . Promoting heritage is not just about providing a stage for tarantella dancers or presenting a fashion show . Heritage is also about symbols that remain for future generations to see . The Columbus Centre and la Rotonda have been the place where presidents , prime ministers , artists and painters have paid tribute to Italian entrepreneurship and ingenuity in Canada . Many in the community have celebrated weddings and family anniversaries there , creating a cultural bond with the place and among each other . Romans are remembered for their history but also for the presence of symbols like the Colosseum , built 2,000 years ago . We defend Casa Loma , built “ only ” a century ago , because it 's part of Canadian history . Tearing such structures down to build something economically more appealing without presenting real alternatives is a sign of cultural laziness . Or just part of an aggressive business plan designed to set the stage for a future housing development . The Columbus Centre is n't Casa Loma or the Colosseum and was built less than half a century ago , but the concept is the same . A key part of the cultural and social commitment of a community organization like Villa Charities must be to defend the symbols of the community . The project put forward for the Columbus Centre does n't do that . A leasing agreement is good only until the leadership of the organizations change . If these principles are compromised , the entire area will be at risk of losing its original purpose . It may end up as just another residential area with high-priced condominiums . An Italian politician once said that doubting people is a sin , but most of the time you are right on the mark . Until those doubts are removed , the provincial government has a duty to stop this plan . Angelo Persichilli is a freelance journalist and a former communications director for Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
An Engineer by education and a multi-faceted Artist by passion , Sudeep Sohni is a man who dons many hats . Sudeep who started out his career in Advertising , had his heart in Art , Drama , poetry , and writing .
Born in a culturally rich town , Khandwa , Madhya Pradesh , Sudeep was always exposed to various forms of art at home .
“ I was mostly alone at home as my parents were both working and I used to listen to Jagjit Singh on our tape recorder . My uncle was fond of reading newspapers and a dozen of them including Economic Times used to be there on the shelf . My family has been a socially active one , and so in the evening there would be long sessions of chat over tea in the living room , ” confided Sudeep in an interview with us .
He left his town in search of something that would give him satisfaction and this search led him to the Film and Television Institute of India where he studied Cinema .
Sudeep also worked with creative advertising agencies in Mumbai for some years before relocating to Bhopal to pursue his passion for Art .
“ I used to sing in a Choir group in Pandit Omprakash Chaurasiya 's Madhukali , and there was a musical show , Mukti Ka Mahayagya , where we sang and performed simultaneously . So , yes I started out as a singer and actor , ” said Sudeep .
It was just a beginning of his journey in the theater . Together with likeminded people , Sudeep started with Vihaan , a platform to showcase and learn multiple art forms .
“ Sourabh Anant , VIFA co-founder and I were together in Mumbai . While in Mumbai itself , we were thinking of forming a group that would focus on Multiple Arts . So , when we came to Bhopal , we met Shweta Ketkar and Hemant Deolekar who had similar interests , and we all worked together to establish Vihaan , ” explained Sudeep .
“ What 's the story behind the name Vihaan ? ” I asked , curiously .
Sudeep laughed , “ BTW , it took us a year to come up with a name . One fine day , I remembered a poem by Shri Gopalprasad Nepali which had this line , ‘ Yeh Nisheeth ka dia vihaan hai , ' and that was it . I messaged Saurabh about it and hence , the name , ” he said .
“ Interestingly , a lot of parents in Bhopal have come up to us and said that they have named their child Vihaan after our organization , ” he added .
This is how the journey of Vihaan started in 2011 , with an acclaimed play , Kanupriya and soon , Sudeep started writing plays for the group . He also tried his hand at direction , and his first work as a director was Amrita , a play on the famous Indian poet Amrita Pritam .
Sudeep also told me how through Vihaan , he wants to establish a space where everyone can learn from each other and express themselves through their art .
“ We have Vihaan Drama Works , Design works , and Picture works and we work 365 days a week , literally . We also have a separate wing for kids between 3-15 years , Swapna Yaan where we give training to kids in multiple art forms . Also , it 's totally free of cost because we want more and more children to join and realize their potential , ” said Sudeep , “ Vihaan organizes multiple workshops , theatrics ( theater-basics ) , informal lectures , ” he added .
Last year , i.e . in 2015 , Vihaan also organized one-of-its-kind art festival , Vihaan International Festival of Arts ( VIFA ) in collaboration with Art Cop 21 to create awareness on climate change concerns through art .
“ We are coming up with the 2nd Edition of VIFA which will start from December 29th , 2016 , ” Sudeep announced .
“ Oh wow ! That 's great . Tell us more about the festival , ” I insisted .
“ VIFA ek mela hai kalaaon ka jaha sab ek dusre se milege aur apni kala ko pradarshit karege , ” he said , “ People from five different continents will be joining us in this 11-day festival which shall showcase all forms of arts like Regional and International films , theatre , youth poetry , etc. , ” he concluded .
Ahhh ! Does n't it sound like a wonderland ? * imagining *
To probe deeper into his multiple personalities , I fired him some fun questions :
Me : Share with us some memorable theater backstage moments .
Sudeep : * laughs * Theater ka majja hi backstage me hai . The rehearsals , the nervousness before the play , the chaos , and the rush just a few moments before the play , etc. , all of them make theater experience so beautiful and enriching .
Me : Tell us about the poet in you .
Sudeep : I feel I live two different lives when I write and when I read my poems . I do n't feel that I have written it . Maybe , this is the reason I do n't use my name while writing poems . I always write poems under the name , Neehso .
Here 's one of Neehso 's poem I fell in love with :
Me : What 's your favorite childhood poem ?
Sudeep : Ummmmm… Jhansi ki Rani by Subhadra Kumari Chauhan .
Ohhh ! I , too , remember reciting it with others in our class , “ बुंदेले हरबोलों के मुँह हमने सुनी कहानी थी , खूब लड़ी मर्दानी वह तो झाँसी वाली रानी थी।। “ * nostalgic *
Me : As theater is a live medium of expression , there are glitches which can not be edited . How do you all cover them up ?
Sudeep : Of course , mistakes are bound to happen , and no play can be perfect . Every play is different every time , and you can not preserve it , and that 's the beauty of it . Also , theater is a very dependent art . If one makes a mistake than other will have to cover it up and manage . It 's all about teamwork .
Me : What do you think is the most challenging thing for a theater director ?
Sudeep : Every bit of it is challenging . The struggle starts from the very first day you decide to organize a play . Managing the finance , actors , halls to practice , costumes , and other things take a lot of time . And , it takes a lot of effort by each and every person associated with the play to get it on the stage . However , the satisfaction to see that everything that you imagined is now on the stage , makes it all worthwhile .
Me : What do you think about theater in India ?
Sudeep : In the Indian context , I am delighted to see that nowadays , many schools have introduced theater as a part of their syllabus . Also , now parents and students are not considering theater as just an extra-curricular activity but as a medium for personality grooming and development . Also , one of the biggest reasons for setting up Vihaan was to create a space where young people have freedom to express themselves through art . I remember that when I was 17-18 , there was no one to guide us how to start , what to do , etc . And , so I think we are in a growing phase right now where we all are realizing the importance of Art in our lives and in our society as a whole .
Me : So , what 's the next project you are working on ?
Sudeep : * laughs * Oh , there are so many ! I am a writer more , and I feel more connected to literature . Like Amrita , I would like to write more biographical plays on people like Shri Harivansh Rai Bacchhan . Also , I am working on another play which revolves around the life of a dwarf man .
Talking to Sudeep , I realized that truly , it 's artists ' undying passion and commitment which drive them to build their own wonders every day .
P.S . : The Vihaan International Festival of Arts ( VIFA ) is being held in Bhopal , M.P . from December 29 , 2016 , to January 8 , 2017 . To know more about the festival visit their Facebook page , here .
Photo Courtesy : Sudeep Sohni Facebook
Kolkata : Smarting from a hat-trick of losses in their worst season ever , two-time champions ATK will be up against title favourites Bengaluru FC in their return leg Indian Super League football clash at the Saltlake Stadium .
Nothing is going in favour of the home side at the moment as their hope to make the last four is all but over after they went down to Jamshedpur FC 0-1 in their previous game .
ATK suffered their sixth loss from 12 matches this season and they are on 12 points with six matches left . They have secured only three wins to languish at the eighth spot in the 10-team league standings .
Having come on board from the I-League , Bengaluru FC have lived up to the expectations in their maiden tryst with the ISL .
They are a side to beat in the ISL with eight wins from 12 matches to lead the table with 24 points .
For Bengaluru , it will be a match to add to ATK 's misery and stay clear of Chennaiyin FC who are on second place with 23 points .
Well aware that they have been virtually eliminated from the play-off race , the defending champions on the other hand will look to secure a consolation win and avenge their first leg defeat by a solitary goal .
On paper , Bengaluru FC may be clear favourites but in reality the Blues will be wary against a team which is currently coached by their former gaffer who made the JSW- owned side from scratch in Indian football 's one of the most- talked about success stories .
Ashley Westwood , who has been elevated to interim coach after the ouster of Teddy Sheringham , is a name synonymous with the making of Bengaluru FC during his successful association as head coach from 2014 to 2016 when they won two I-League titles and narrowly missed a third after being pipped by Mohun Bagan .
It will be an emotional moment for Westwood to be at the forefront against his former side with the likes of Sunil Chhetri and Udanta Singh who flourished under his reign at Bengaluru FC .
In such a scenario , Westwood , a former Manchester United academy graduate , will be looking for a point to prove against his former side and may go all out .
Star Irishman Robbie Keane , who has returned after nursing an injury back home , may get into the side , something that will bolster the forward lineup .
The Blues have reclaimed top spot after a narrow 2-1 win over NorthEast United FC at their home ground last week .
Skipper Chhetri scored the winner after Marcinho 's penalty had cancelled out Juanan Antonio 's 12th minute goal . The Indian captain will once again be a threat for ATK defenders .
Bengaluru will be resuming their ISL campaign after a 3-0 win over Transport United in the AFC Cup preliminary round at home .
A win for Bengaluru FC will take them closer to the last four stage and their Spaniard tactician Albert Roca has done his calculations .
`` We have six games to go , we need to win three of them at least . So that 's the aim for us , '' Roca said .
With inputs from PTI
LAHORE , Mar 19 ( APP ) : Skipper of Quetta Gladiators and Pakistan cricket captain , Sarfraz Ahmad said those foreign players who backed out of their commitment of visiting Pakistan to play the semi finals of the third edition of the Pakistan Super league should not be a part of players draft of the next edition of the mega event .
“ It is not fair on part of such foreign players to back out of their commitment at the last minute as they were ready to come to Pakistan ” , he told media men at a conference on the eve of the his
teams match against Peshawar Zalmi here on Monday evening at Gadafffi stadium . Make shift captain of Peshawar , Muhammad Hafeez was also present .
Sarfraz said he is saddened as the top most foreign players of his Quetta have opted not to visit Pakistan which is a set back for his team ahead of the crucial tie .
He also urged the franchisers of the teams not to include such players in the respective squads who did not keep their words . “ But we can not force foreign players to visit Pakistan , nor Pakistan cricket Board or the franchisers can do so but it is the moral duty of players to fulfill their commitments and they should give importance to Pakistan and its cricket ” , he asserted .
“ Without out our key overseas player Jason Roy , Kevin Peterson , Shane Watson and Ben Laughlin we will be not a full strength side , but in the prevailing circumstances we will be re-selecting our squad to exhibit an all round performance to move into the final ” , he said .
The termed the plays off against Zalmi a tough and challenging task and said it is hard to fill the void of our foreign players .
“ Now all eyes are focused on our young local players whose role will be very important in the match and I am confident that our players will rise to the occasion for the best possible performance ” ,
he said .
“ Our performance in the last two matches were not good but we will be forgetting all that and also the absence of the foreign players to show a performance which could lead us to the final ” , said Sarfraz .
Zalmi make shift captain , Muhammad Hafeez expressed the optimism that his team will demonstrate a higher level of game to brighten its chances for reaching the final .
He said Zalmi and Quetta performed good in the PSL league matches but his team showed excellent performance in the last two matches to create winning streak which is quite vital for lifting his team 's performance .
“ We will be playing our play off with momentum and winning streak which have infused confidence in the players and we are ready for a similar performance in tomorrow , Tuesdays match “ , he said adding
“ In my opinion there is no shortcoming in our side and we are not under pressure as we gained confidence by striking victories in our last two matches ” .
Hafeez showered praise on veteran batsman , Kamran Akmal and termed his innings in the two matches ‘ match winning ' .
“ He played outstandingly and led the side to victory and we expect consistency from him in our next game ” , said the former Pakistan captain .
Hafeez defended his performance in the PSL and described it good saying he will be aiming to play a fine knock and his due role to inspire the team to success in the match . “ I want to demonstrate high quality cricket while playing in my own home ground and in front of home crowd ” , he added .
To a question , he said those foreign players who are the part of the PSL played their part in the success of the event and those who refused to come to Pakistan should review their decision .
“ I think Pakistan cricket and our PSL are moving in right direction and gradually we are on our way as far revival of international cricket is concerned and that day is not far when we will be having our full fledged international cricket being played in Pakistan ” , he said .
Alexander Zverev shocked second seed Roger Federer in straight sets in the Montreal Masters final to win his fifth title of the season and announce himself as an emerging star for the US Open.The 20-year-old German used his booming serve to overpower Federer 6-3 , 6-4 Sunday as the Swiss superstar never got a chance to get into the match . `` I tried to be aggressive as I can , '' said Zverev . `` If Roger starts being aggressive with his forehand and backhand then it is not going to be an easy day for me . `` Zverev avenged a 6-1 , 6-3 loss to Federer in the Halle final in June -- his only loss in a final this season.He is now tied with Federer for the most titles this season at five . `` It 's a wonderful achievement for him , '' Federer said of Zverev . `` I wish him the best for the coming months and hope he can finish the season very strong . `` I 'm just really happy for him , to see that he 's taking everything not just to the next level , but the two next levels . `` Zverev blasted six aces and won 80 percent of first serve points as he needed just 68 minutes to dominate the 19-time Grand Slam winner and reigning Wimbledon and Australian Open champion.Zverev hammered away at the 36-year-old Federer with excellent court coverage keeping him off balance throughout the 30 minute opening set . He closed out the set with serve to the backhand that an out of sorts Federer dumped into the ground.Federer , who was broken three times , looked just as frustrated to open the second set , hitting backhands long and freezing in his tracks as aces whizzed by.Zverev capped his victory on the first match point when Federer hit a forehand long.Federer suffered just his third loss of a season and had his longest win match streak in five years snapped at 16.Federer , who dropped to 5-1 in finals in 2017 , is undergoing a resurgence this season after it appeared to many he might be slowing down as he transitions through his mid-30s.But he entered the Montreal event on short notice and has taken more time off this year than usual . He skipped the clay-court season from April to mid-June.He said playing a lot on the hardcourts this week caught up to him on Sunday . `` I felt all right all week . Had a bit of muscle pain , aches and pains here and there , just because it 's back on the match courts , on the hard courts , '' Federer said . `` After vacation and practice , it 's always a bit of a shock for the body . `` We 'll have to wait and see now how I feel in the next couple of days . `` Federer will travel to Cincinnati Sunday night for the next tournament then see if he can play back to back events . `` I will take a decision in the next couple of days and see how I feel after five days of playing , if I 'm ready to play in Cincy next week or not , '' he said . `` Looking ahead to the US Open , obviously I want to be in the best possible shape . Winning my third of the year , my 20th Grand Slam , would be completely insane . I just hope I 'm going to be 100 percent ready when the moment arises . `` Federer was hoping to add another milestone to his memorable season but he failed to post his 94th career title which would have moved him into a tie for second all-time with Ivan Lendl .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Below are the ratings awarded by India Ratings and Research Private Ltd ( India Ratings ) , formerly known as Fitch Ratings India for local debt instruments as of February 1 , 2018 . COMPANY INSTRUMENT RATING AMOUNT MOVEMENT ( RS.MLN ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - SHORT TERM RATINGS : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Aditya Birla Retail Ltd Non-FB WC limits IND A1 658.3 Affirmed B . One Business House Pvt Ltd Non-FB WC limit IND A4+ 5 Assigned Greaves Cotton Ltd Non-FB WC Fac IND A1+ 930 Affirmed Mantharagiri Textiles Non-FB limits IND A4 11.51 Migrated to Non Cooperating Category Medex International ( Medex ) Non- FB WC limit IND A4 120 Assigned Neokraft Global Pvt Ltd Non-FB limits IND A3+ 125 Assigned Prime Focus Ltd Non-FB WC limits IND A2+ 140 Upgraded Sudarshan Chemical Industries CP IND A1+ 1000 Affirmed Ltd Sudarshan Chemical Industries Non-FB WC limits IND A1+ 1013 Affirmed Ltd LONG TERM RATINGS : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Aditya Birla Retail Ltd TL IND A+ 18476.7 Affirmed Aditya Birla Retail Ltd NCD ( NCDs ) IND A+ 10000 Affirmed Aditya Birla Retail Ltd FB WC limits IND A+/IND A1 18216.2 Affirmed Aditya Birla Retail Ltd WC limits # IND A+/IND A1 2648.8 Assigned # The final ratings have been assigned following the receipt of sanction letters for the facilities . B . One Business House Pvt Ltd Proposed FB WC limit - 100 Withdrawn B . One Business House Pvt Ltd Proposed TL - 150 Withdrawn B . One Business House Pvt Ltd FB WC limit IND BB+ 225 Affirmed B . One Business House Pvt Ltd TL IND BB+ 165 Assigned BDR Educational Society TL IND B+ 66.2 Migrated to Non Cooperating Category ESS Kay Fincorp Ltd NCDs IND A ( SO ) 350 Assigned Greaves Cotton Ltd FB WC Fac IND AA 480 Affirmed India Infradebt Ltd Tier II subordinated IND AAA 1600 Affirmed NCDs Karyavattom Sports Facilities Senior project Bk IND BBB+ 1680 Affirmed Ltd loans * * INR1,260 million outstanding as on 31 December 2017 Karyavattom Sports Facilities Senior project Bk IND BBB+ 735 Affirmed Ltd loans # # INR646.80 million outstanding as on 31 December 2017 Mantharagiri Textiles FB limits IND B+ 200 Migrated to Non Cooperating Category Mantharagiri Textiles TL IND B+ 66.65 Migrated to Non Cooperating Category Medex International ( Medex ) FB WC limit IND B+/IND A4 30 Assigned Neokraft Global Pvt Ltd TL IND BBB 97.9 Assigned Neokraft Global Pvt Ltd FBL IND BBB/IND A3+ 175 Assigned Prime Focus Ltd TL IND A- 1910 Upgraded Prime Focus Ltd NCDs ( NCDs ) IND A- 891 Upgraded Prime Focus Ltd FB WC limits IND A-/IND A2+ 320 Upgraded RKN Retail Pvt Ltd NCD ( NCDs ) IND A- 12500 Affirmed RKN Retail Pvt Ltd FB WC limits IND A-/IND A2+ 1000 Affirmed Sudarshan Chemical Industries Unsecured loans IND A+ 1437.5 Affirmed Ltd Sudarshan Chemical Industries TL IND A+ 1320.8 Affirmed Ltd Sudarshan Chemical Industries FB WC limits IND A+/IND A1+ 2238 Affirmed Ltd Sudarshan Chemical Industries Term deposit IND tA+ 150 Affirmed Ltd Uttarakhand Jal Vidyut Nigam LtdDebt programme IND A- 20 Affirmed VRS Foods Ltd TL IND BBB+ 442.9 Downgraded VRS Foods Ltd TL * IND BBB+ 650 Assigned * The final rating has been assigned following the receipt of loan documents for the above term loan by Ind-Ra . VRS Foods Ltd FB limits IND BBB+/IND A2 3900 Downgraded -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Note : - All Indian National-scale ratings previously assigned by Fitch have been transferred to India Ratings & Research Private Ltd ( India Ratings ) , which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Fitch Group . The withdrawn criteria are now available on India Ratings ' website at www.indiaratings.co.in $ : Rating watch with positive implication # : Rating Watch with Developing implications @ : Rating Watch with Negative Implications % : Rating under Credit Watch wd -Rating Stands Withdrawn sp -Rating Suspended pp -Principal Protected pn -Principal Not Protected INDIA RATINGS may apply + or - signs for ratings to reflect a comparative standing within the category . BG-Bank Guarantee ; CC-Cash Credit ; CCPS-Cumulative Convertible Preference Share ; CD-Certificate of Deposit ; CLO-Collateralized Loan Obligation ; CPA-Claims Paying Ability ; CP-Commercial Paper ; CPS-convertible preference shares ; CRPS- Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preference shares ; DDB-Deep Discount Bond ; EPBI-Exchange premium bond ; FBL-Fund Based Limits ; FRB/FRN -Floating Rate Bond/Note ; ICD -Inter Corporate Deposit ; ITD-Immediate Term Debt ; LOC-Letter of Credit ; LT -Long Term ; LTB -Long Term Borrowing ; LTD -Long Term Debt ; MOCD-multiple option convertible debenture ; MTD -Medium term Debenture ; MTN-medium term notes ; NCD ( SO ) - Non-Convertible Debenture- ( Structured Obligation ) ; NCD-Non-convertible Debentures ; NCRB-Non Convertible Redeemable Bonds ; NM-Not Meaningful ; OCD-optionally convertible debenture ; OD-Over Draft ; OFCD-Optionally Fully Convertible Debenture ; PCD-Partially Convertible Debenture ; PCN-partly convertible notes ; PCPS-Partly Convertible Preference Share ; POCD-partly optional ; PP-privately placed ; PSPC-Post Shipment & Packing Credit ; PS-Preference Shares ; PTC-Pass Through Certificates ; RPS-Redeemable Preference Shares ; SCPN-secured convertible preference notes ; SDO-Structured Debt Obligation ; SLR-Statutory Liquidity Ratio ; SO-Structured Obligation ; SPCD - Secured Partly Convertible Debentures ; SPN-secured premium notes ; STB-Short Term Bond ; STD-Short Term Debentures ; ST-Short Term ; Sub . Bonds-Subordinate Bonds ; TB-Taxable Bond ; TFB-Tax Free Bond ; TL-Term Loan ; TOCD-triple option convertible debentures ; RWN- Rating Watch Negative ; RWN- Rating Watch Evolve . ( Mumbai Rate Reporting Unit + 91 22 6180 7222 / 3317 7222 , E-mail at rru.data @ thomsonreuters.com )
Hartlepool Bereavement Service is facing an uncertain future unless it can find vital funding soon .
For eight years , the service based in Park Road , has provided emotional , practical and social support to more than 1,700 people affected by grief .
From left : Hartlepool Bereavement Service board member June Markwell , advisor Peter Gowland , manager Linda Parker and chair Edgar Coulson .
But while demand for its services is increasing , bosses say it is becoming harder to raise the £30,000 a year it needs to keep going .
Edgar Coulson , chair of Hartlepool Bereavement Service , said : “ We have more clients than ever because we are getting better known all the time , but the problem is even running on a shoestring budget we do need more support than we have at this moment in time .
“ At the moment we are struggling for funds and we hope that we will be able to raise enough to go on but we do need extra support , some people to come on board to keep us going . ”
Manager Linda Parker said the service is now running at the “ absolute minimum ” with just two part-time staff and a team of volunteers .
She said : “ It 's quite serious to the point we might have funding only up to the end of September .
“ We have worked hard to build up a trust with other agencies and a quality service over the last eight years .
“ People think what we do is just hand holding , but it 's not . It 's more complex than some people realise .
“ We provide long term emotional , practical and social support . I am still helping one man after six years . ”
Peter Gowland , who helped Linda establish the service when he worked for Hartlepool Voluntary Development Agency , said many organisations are struggling due to less funding for the voluntary sector .
He said : “ It 's a really valued organisation and it 's the only one of its kind in Hartlepool .
“ We just want to keep the service going because if anything demand is increasing . ”
Lottery grants helped to support the service for its first six years , but it has been self-funding for the last two .
As well as emotional support , it runs a social group with 40 members , and provides advocacy to help clients to deal with financial and legal matters .
June Markwell joined the committee after the service helped her after the loss of her husband . She said : “ Now it needs our financial support to continue with its invaluable work . ”
Anyone who can help is asked to contact Hartlepool Bereavement Service at 41 Park Road or call ( 01429 ) 244689 .
Shoppers in Hartlepool have been enjoying some summer fun without having to go outdoors .
Customers in the town 's Middleton Grange Shopping Centre have been lapping up the seaside frivolities with its ‘ Postcards from Hartlepool ' summer event and all the entertainment .
A seagull tries to steal customers food .
Visitors from across the area have been enjoying an old-school seaside experience , with a life-size promenade positioned in centre square .
There has also been the opportunity to take part in the centre 's ‘ Postcards from Hartlepool ' competition , which has been inviting families to describe their best day out ever on a postcard .
The centre management say they have been inundated with entrants and the winner will be announced on Monday , August 21 .
The lucky winner will collect a £500 gift voucher from travel agent , Dawson and Sanderson .
We wanted to bring our shoppers a vintage feel to our promenade-themed experience Mark Rycraft
Along with a host of beach activities - including a seaside ‘ peep-through ' board – customers were advised to keep tight hold of any tasty treats as two pesky , life-size seagulls made it in to the centre to cause mischief and pinch everyone 's chips .
Enjoying the fun has been Mark Rycraft , Middleton Grange Shopping Centre Manager , who said : “ Our ‘ Postcards from Hartlepool ' event has proved a summer hit and the local community visiting the centre have been enjoying the various seaside shenanigans that 's been on offer .
“ We wanted to bring to our shoppers a vintage feel to our promenade-themed experience and I feel we really captured this , with so many people wanting to have their pictures taken with the ‘ peep-through ' board . ”
Young visitors to the centre have been captivated by performers - beach buddies Holly and Sonny Daze - who have encouraged children to take part in an array of beach-themed activities .
Local entertainer , Tony Junior has provided an array of entertainment including magic acts and plenty of mayhem .
There has also been a variety of free fun-filled activities including arts and crafts at the ‘ creation station ' as well as exciting entertainment including music , magic and puppeteering .
Mark went on to say : “ The response we have had throughout the event has been amazing , especially the ‘ Postcards from Hartlepool ' competition .
“ The creative energy people have put in to writing their best day out has been so impressive and we ca n't wait to read through all the entries . ”
For more information on all the events and activities taking place at Middleton Grange throughout the summer holidays go to www.middleton-grange.co.uk .
From February 9 - March 16 , I will be exhibiting my comic book inspired designs on canvases , tiles and prints at the Edwardsville Arts Center ( EAC ) in a solo show entitled , The Delinquent Comic Art of `` Wascally Wee Willy '' Harroff .
Paul Rudd on not being part of Infinity War : Felt like there 's a party going on and my invitation got lost in the mail
Paul Rudd who plays Scott Lang aka Antman in the Marvel series did not appear in the recently released Avengers : Infinity War .
While promoting Antman and The Wasp , the actor said about his absence , `` I was watching it thinking , 'Wow , there 's this really great party going on , and I guess my invitation got lost in the mail . ''
However , Antman and The Wasp , the upcoming sequel to the 2015 film Ant-Man , explains why this superhero is not part of Infinity Wars . Following Lang 's law-breaking action featured in Captain America : Civil War , Rudd 's character is put under house arrest , taking him completely out of the superhero game for two years . This is when Thanos comes to threaten half of the life in the universe .
Antman and The Wasp starring Paul Rudd and Evangeline Lilly will hit theatres across India in English , Hindi , Tamil and Telugu on 13 July . It also stars Michael Douglas , Michael Pena , Hannah John-Kamen , Lawrence Fishburne and Michelle Pfeiffer .
In the film , Scott Lang and Hope van Dyne team up after Hank Pym ( Michael Douglas ) asks them to battle Ghost ( Hannah John-Kamen ) who has the ability to be invisible and intangible .
Directed by Peyton Reed , the film is part of the Captain America : Civil War franchise , takes the story forward .
Updated Date : Jul 04 , 2018 18:34 PM
: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in his home state Gujarat from Saturday on a two-day visit during which he will lay foundation stones and inaugurate a number of projects.He will also visit Vadnagar , his birthplace , for the first time since becoming the prime minister in 2014 . The trip will begin with a visit to Dwarkadheesh Temple on Saturday morning.At Dwarka , he will lay the foundation stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka and other road development projects , a PMO statement said.He will also address a public meeting there.From Dwarka , the prime minister will go to Chotila in Surendranagar district where he will lay the foundation stones for a greenfield airport at Rajkot , six-laning of Ahmedabad-Rajkot National Highway and four-laning of Rajkot-Morbi State Highway.He will also dedicate a fully automatic milk processing and packaging plant and a drinking water distribution pipeline for Joravarnagar and Ratanpur area of Surendranagar , the statement said.He will address a public meeting there too . Modi will then proceed to Gandhinagar where he will dedicate the newly-constructed building of IIT Gandhinagar , and launch the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan ( PMGDISHA ) .PMGDISHA is aimed at imparting digital literacy to citizens in rural areas , the PMO said , adding it will provide access to information , knowledge , education , and healthcare . It will create avenues for livelihood generation and financial inclusion through digital payments , the statement said.On Sunday morning , he will visit Vadnagar . He will then launch the Intensified Mission Indradhanush , to accelerate progress towards the goal of full immunisation coverage.The mission will provide greater focus on urban areas and other pockets of low immunization coverage , the statement said.The prime minister will also distribute e-tablets to health workers to mark the launch of ImTeCHO ( Innovative mobile-phone Technology for Community Health Operations ) .ImTeCHO is aimed at improving the performance of community health workers ASHAs ( Accredited Social Health Activists ) through better supervision , support and motivation for increasing coverage of proven maternal , newborn and child health interventions among resource-poor settings in India . The same afternoon , the prime minister will reach Bharuch and lay the foundation stone for Bhadbhut Barrage , to be built over the Narmada River , the statement said.He will flag off the Antyodaya Express between Udhna ( Surat , Gujarat ) , and Jaynagar ( Bihar ) .He will unveil plaques to mark the laying of foundation stone , and inauguration of various plants of Gujarat Narmada Fertilizer Corporation.He will also address a public meeting there before returning to Delhi .
Madrid : FC Barcelona 's Croatian midfielder Ivan Rakitic feels Lionel Messi is better than Cristiano Ronaldo , denying the latter 's claim that he is the best footballer .
Ronaldo , who plays for Barcelona 's arch-rivals Real Madrid , bagged his fifth Ballon d'Or this week — drawing level with Messi in the process — and later told France Football that he believes he 's the greatest to ever play the game .
“ You know my opinion , ” Rakitic was quoted as saying by ESPNFC after Barcelona 's 2-0 La Liga win over Villarreal on Sunday .
“ With all the respect in the world for Cristiano Ronaldo , he 's up against the greatest in the history of the game .
“ I congratulate him for winning the Ballon d'Or , for me , Leo is unique . There 's only one No . 1 . Those behind him are unfortunate enough to have coincided with him . ”
Messi scored the second goal in their win against Villarreal — matching Gerd Muller 's long-standing record for the most goals for one club in the top five European leagues — as Barça remained five points clear at the top of the table over Valencia .
Luis Suarez had opened the scoring in the second half . Villarreal were then reduced to 10-men following Daniel Raba 's dismissal .
Punjab Remote Sensing Centre ( PRSC ) Recruitment 2018 application process to fill 16 vacancies for the post of Research Associate , Research Fellow , Jr. Research Fellow , Project Fellow and Technical Assistant has begun on the official website of PRSC , PAU Campus , Ludhiana - prsc.gov.in . PRSC aims to engage candidates on contractual basis for a period of 6 months . Interested and eligible candidates must apply for the post on or before 3rd May 2018 by following the instructions given below : Step 1 – Visit the official website - http : //prsc.gov.in Step 2 – Click on ‘ Form under Downloads ' from the navigation tabStep 3 – Download the Application FormStep 4 – Fill the application form with required informationStep 5 – Application fee needs to be deposited by cash or Demand Draft in the office of Punjab Remote Sensing Centre , PAU Campus , LudhianaStep 6 – Send the hard copy of the application form along with other supporting documents and receipt of payment to the below mentioned address : Punjab Remote Sensing Centre , PAU Campus Ludhiana-141004Application Fee : Research Associate - Rs.1200Research Fellow ( RF ) - Rs.1000Jr . Research Fellow ( JRF ) - Rs.800Project Fellow and Technical Assistant - Rs.500Research Associate – 2Jr . Research Fellow – 2Junior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( Information Technology ) – 1Junior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( SocioEconomist ) – 2Research Fellow ( Web Developer - ASP.Net ) – 4Research Fellow ( Web Server Administrator - GeoServer ) – 1Junior Research Fellow ( Web Application Developer - Geoserver ) – 2Project Fellow – 1Technical Assistant ( Soil and Water ) – 1Research Associate – The applicant must possess Master 's degree in Remote Sensing/ GIS/ Geoinformatics OR Master 's degree in relevant subject with PG Diploma in RS & GIS from recognized and reputed institution/ university.Jr . Research Fellow - The applicant must possess Master 's degree in Remote Sensing/GIS/Geoinformatics OR Master 's degree in relevant subject or equivalent with PG Diploma in RS & GIS from recognized and reputed institution/universityJunior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( Information Technology ) - The applicant must possess Master 's degree in Information Technology , Computer Science Engineering with Good Knowledge of agriculture based applications.Junior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( SocioEconomist ) - The applicant must possess Master 's degree or equivalent in RS & GIS/ Agricultural Economics/Agricultural Extension/ Social Sciences with Good Knowledge of agriculture based applications and computer applications to work for Remote Sensing and GIS based agricultural application.Research Fellow ( Web Developer - ASP.Net ) - The applicant must be 1st Class B.E./B.Tech . with 2 year Web Application Development experience or Master 's in Information Technology ( IT ) /Electronics and Communication ( EC ) / Computer Science ( CS ) /Computer Science & Engineering ( CSE ) , with 1 year Web Application Development experience.Research Fellow ( Web Server Administrator - GeoServer ) - The applicant must be 1st Class B.E./B.Tech . degree in Computer Science with at least 2 year experience or Master 's degree in Computer Science/Computer Science & Engineering , Remote Sensing/GIS/Geomatics.Junior Research Fellow ( Web Application Developer - Geoserver ) - The applicant must be 1st Class B.E./B.Tech . degree in Computer Science with at least 1 year experience or Master 's degree in Computer Science/ Computer Science & Engineering , Remote Sensing/GIS/Geomatics.Project Fellow - The applicant must be Graduate/ Post Graduate in Geography with Postgraduate Diploma in Remote Sensing and GIS.Technical Assistant ( Soil and Water ) - The applicant must be Graduate wih minimum of 50 % marks.The age of applicants should not be more than 37 years as on the date of Interview . Age relaxation for other categories will be as per the norms of PRSC.Research Associate – Rs.30,000 per monthJr . Research Fellow – Rs.25,000 per monthJunior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( Information Technology ) – Rs.25,000 per monthJunior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( SocioEconomist ) – Rs.25,000 per monthResearch Fellow ( Web Developer - ASP.Net ) – Rs.27,000 per monthResearch Fellow ( Web Server Administrator - GeoServer ) – Rs.27,000 per monthJunior Research Fellow ( Web Application Developer - Geoserver ) – Rs.25,000 per monthProject Fellow – Rs.12,000 per monthTechnical Assistant ( Soil and Water ) - Rs.12,000 per monthThe candidates will be selected on the basis of Written/ Practical Test and Skill Test.Research Associate –17th May 2018Jr . Research Fellow –17th May 2018Junior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( Information Technology ) – 17th May 2018Junior Research Fellow ( JRF ) ( SocioEconomist ) – 17th May 2018Research Fellow ( Web Developer - ASP.Net ) – 18th May 2018Research Fellow ( Web Server Administrator - GeoServer ) –18th May 2018Junior Research Fellow ( Web Application Developer - Geoserver ) –18th May 2018Project Fellow – 17th May 2018Technical Assistant ( Soil and Water ) - 17th May 2018
Super Bowl fever is hotting up in Philadelphia and this little girl was n't going to let her speech delay get in the way of supporting her team . In footage posted by her delighted mother , the girl sings Fly , Eagles Fly having been being “ inspired ” by the team to sing , rounding things off with her mother as the pair let out a cry of “ E-A-G-L-E-S . ”
Prof. Richard Wolff interviews GEO Collective member Dr. Jessica Gordon Nembhard about her book Collective Courage : The History of African American Cooperative Economic Thought and Practice .
Watch more from Democracy At Work
Go to the GEO front page
Production on Son of Shaft has officially begun and to celebrate , Isaac Hayes ' son posted a picture of himself along with Richard Roundtree , Samuel L. Jackson , and Jessie Usher . The new Shaft project has been in development for years now , but it was revealed last year that Tim Story was set to direct the project and was followed by the announcement that Roundtree , Jackson , were both returning to the movie . Jessie T. Usher is the newcomer to the series and he is set to play the titular role .
Son of Shaft is set for a June 2019 release date and production has officially begun . Isaac Hayes famously recorded the iconic theme song for the original movie as well as the 2000 sequel starring Samuel L. Jackson . The musician won an Academy Award for his original song and his son was on the set of Son of Shaft to celebrate 3 generations of the character in one picture . Isaac Hayes III is also in the picture , which is cool nod to how much impact his father 's music had on the popular culture of Shaft .
Richard Roundtree originated the iconic role of Detective John Shaft in the 1971 movie that was followed by two more sequels in the 70s as well as a short-lived television series on CBS . Roundtree instantly became a pop culture icon , a status that is just as famous today as it was back in the day . The movies , coupled with Isaac Hayes ' funky theme song have kept that legacy going for decades across the world and the Son of Shaft is set to continue the tradition .
Shaft continued in 2000 when Samuel Jackson jumped into the role of Shaft 's nephew . The movie also co-starred Richard Roundtree and was a hit at the box office . The movie made over $ 100 million with a budget of $ 46 million , but that turned out to be the end of the line for the Shaft franchise . Whispers of a return of Detective John Shaft have been around ever since the last movie came out in 2000 . Serious talks about the Son of Shaft were n't held until 2016 and then confirmed in early 2017 when it was announced that Tim Story was going to direct the movie .
Tim Story has spoken about the movie a few times over the last year and he promises that the movie will not be just a straight up action movie this time around . Instead , the movie will focus more on the comedic aspect of Shaft , which is something that fans have been waiting for . One thing that will not change is the coolness factor of John Shaft . Shaft has never stopped being cool and he 's `` Blaxploitation '' legend for a reason : he 's a streetwise bad ass . And now 3 generations will unite for Son of Shaft . You can check out the picture from the set of Son of Shaft below , courtesy of Isaac Hayes ' Twitter account .
Sarah Elizabeth Dysinger , 37 , of 310 1/2 Harrison Street Apt . 2 , Piqua to Jamie William Belcher , 40 , of same address .
Katie Louise Jones , 29 , of 1864 Towne Park Drive Apt . 7B , Troy to Blake Scott Quesenberry , 28 , of same address .
Todd Cameron Hunt , 32 , of 222 Elas Court , Tipp City to Sarah Ashley Foster , 32 , of same address .
Timothy Earl Adams Jr. , 21 , of 8295 McFarland Drive , Piqua to Haylee Ann Horne , 19 , of same address .
This week 's Torah portion is Pinchas , Numbers 25:10-30:1 .
The Book of Numbers marks the transition from the elaborate preparations for the journey to the Promised Land to the death of the generation of the Exodus and the transfer of leadership to new hands .
This shift is most evident in this week 's Torah portion , with the foretold death of Moses . Moses is commanded by God in Numbers 27:13 : “ Climb up to the Avarim Mountain where you will be able to see the land that I am giving to the Israelites . After you see it , you will be gathered up to your people , just as your brother Aaron was . ”
One might think that a leader of a nation would select his own son to succeed him . This did not happen .
Nepotism , the appointment of family members to positions of prominence , is absent in Moses ' leadership .
Moses and Aaron work together , both as a team and separately . But when it comes to the succession of leadership , Aaron 's priestly Levitical line continues on to this day , while Moses ' position of office ceases upon his own death . His two sons , Gershom and Eliezer are but names in Scripture ( Exodus 18:3-4 ) . No effort whatsoever is put forth to raise them to positions of any consequence . The same is true of Zipporah .
Moses ' chosen successor is Joshua , the son of Nun ( Numbers 13:16 ) . Joshua , who was appointed by Moses as his assistant , came from the tribe of Ephraim , not from Moses ' tribe of Levi . If Moses desired to practice nepotism , he could have easily chosen one of his clansmen . But he did not .
In fact , Moses ' own tribe was involved in the failed Korach rebellion against Moses ' leadership .
Korach 's lineage is explicitly related by Scripture : “ Korah son of Izhar , the son of Kohath , the son of Levi . . . . ” [ Numbers 16:1 ] . The passage implies that the near relatives of Moses rebelled against Moses ' choice of someone other than one of his own .
Moses seems to relinquish responsibility for leadership . “ Moses spoke to God , saying , ‘ Let the Omnipotent God of all living souls appoint a man over the community . Let him come and go before them , and let him bring them forth and lead them . Let God 's community not be like sheep that have no shepherd . '
“ God said to Moses , ‘ Take Joshua son of Nun , a man of spirit , and lay your hands on him . . . Invest him with some of your splendor so that the entire Israelite community will obey him He ( Moses ) then laid his hands on him ( Joshua ) and commissioned him . [ It was all done ] as God had commanded Moses ' ” [ Numbers 27:15-22 ] .
Moses wanted the best person for the job , regardless of ancestry ; he relied on God 's help . Society and most certainly ancient society was permeated with nepotism . The concept of dynasty ruled the day . Vestiges of this practice still remain in many lands . It is only in recent history that the concept of democracy has taken root .
Moses ' reliance on God pointed the way to true honesty and fairness in appointments to positions of power .
Rabbi Sanford H. Shudnow is a retired U.S. Navy chaplain .
The Stanford women remain the top-ranked team in the final dual meet poll of the 2016-2017 season from the College Swimming Coaches Association of America ( CSCAA ) .
It 's the second-straight year Stanford ends in the # 1 spot . Last season , the Cardinal went on to finish 2nd in the NCAA Championships after DQing a relay early in the meet .
This year , Texas and Cal sit tied for second place . The Longhorns held that spot by themselves in the last poll after jumping to # 1 in January after a win over Georgia . Now Cal and Texas are dead even in 2nd with Georgia third .
Very little changed from the last poll to this one . The biggest riser in the top 25 was UCLA , which moved from # 21 up to # 19 . No team fell more than a single spot in the ranks heading into the conference rounds .
The full press release is below .
Note : The below press release is courtesy the CSCAA . SwimSwam is not a voting party in the polls , and are a subjective , in-the-moment ranking . They should not be confused with either our Swimulator rankings ( an objective in-the-moment ranking ) nor our Power Rankings ( a subjective , project-ive ranking ) .
February 14 , 2017 – For the second-straight year , the Stanford Cardinal conclude the dual meet season atop the Division I Women 's CSCAA / TYR Top 25 .
Stanford capped a perfect 8-0 season with a dominating 177-123 win over previously second-ranked California . Stanford has won 15 straight dual meets dating back to its last visit to Cal in February 2015 .
Cal finished the season 7-2 overall and 6-1 against the Pac-12 and the loss dropped the Golden Bears to third behind an 11-1 Texas team . The lone Longhorn setback came at Stanford . Texas ' season did include a signature win over 4th ranked Georgia , which finished the season 8-1 .
California and Stanford will now turn their attention to the Pac 12 Conference Championships and next month 's NCAA Championships while Georgia will begin the SEC Championships today .
2017 CSCAA / TYR Division I Swimming & Diving Poll Final Ranking Rank Prev Team Women 1 1 Stanford 325 2 2 Texas 306 3 2 California 303 4 4 Georgia 286 5 5 Southern Cal 269 6 6 Michigan 260 7 7 NC State 246 7 8 Virginia 234 9 9 Texas A & M 228 10 10 Louisville 202 11 11 Auburn 187 12 12 Wisconsin 185 13 13 Missouri 170 14 14 Tennessee 146 15 15 Indiana 144 16 16 Kentucky 126 17 17 Arizona 115 18 18 Duke 96 19 21 UCLA 87 20 19 Florida 81 21 20 Minnesota 79 22 22 Ohio State 57 23 23 North Carolina 45 24 24 Louisiana State 19 25 24 Yale 15 Also Receiving Votes : Notre Dame 8 Florida State 2 Alabama 1
Parents scrambling for childcare after Fort Myers day care surrenders license
More than two dozen parents were left scrambling for child care services after their day care surrendered its license .
Royal Crown Academy day care near Summerlin Road and Colonial Boulevard shut down its facility indefinitely after four children , ranging in age from nine months to four years old , were discovered Saturday with no one supervising them .
Previous story : Owner of Fort Myers day care where kids found abandoned surrenders child care license
“ We should 've been able to get a notice . At least let us finish our week her for preparation . People have jobs , we had to immediately call off today , ” parent Jasmyne Fluker said .
Day care employee Keajeah Tyre faces four charges of child neglect . She said she walked out one hour after her shift ended because no one else came in to relieve her .
A group of concerned parents shared their frustration and said the day care should not be closed because of an isolated incident .
“ It 's stressful for all parents . It 's stressful for the staff involved . It 's stressful for the kids because they 're out here running around . They 're supposed to be inside learning and they 're not , ” parent Asia Riley said .
Parents affected said they plan on sending out letters to the Florida Department of Children and Families in hopes of bringing change so other parent 's wo n't face similar situations in the future .
DCF released the following statement to WINK News on Tuesday :
“ Yesterday afternoon , the facility informed the Department that they were immediately voluntarily relinquishing their license . Our licensing staff and child protection staff worked in conjunction with the Early Learning Coalition ( ELC ) staff to call parents for pickup , explain the situation and answer questions . Our Child Protection Investigation Unit will be making at-risk referrals to the ELC for any child that was in care yesterday at the time of sudden closure . The ELC was also available today to assist parents with the transition . Additionally , the ELC is assisting with relocating children and providing transfers for children receiving VPK funding . ”
Reporter : Chris Grisby
Writer : Katherine Viloria
F1 : Eric Boullier Quits Mclaren as Gil de Ferran takes over as the race director .
Shahid Salman FOLLOW TOP CONTRIBUTOR News 165 // 04 Jul 2018 , 15:37 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Eric Boullie
One of the most successful teams in the history of Formula One has n't delivered in the last half-decade . The performance of the McLaren 's 2018 F1 car MCL33 has not met the expectations of the fans as well as the drivers . Mclaren had a terrible 2017 season and had blamed their engine supplier Honda as the reason for the lack of performance due to engine reliability problems .
The team switched to Renault engines for the 2018 and their star driver Fernando Alonso had made a statement after the season opener in Australia that the new car should be able to match the Red Bull in terms of performance as the season progresses but it was disappointment for both the team and the driver as that failed to happen with 9 races completed in this season so far .
Mclaren Formula One team 's racing director Eric Boullier quit his role at the British outfit , and Gil de Ferran has taken over as the new sporting director heading into the British Grand Prix .
Boullier has been facing immense pressure in the recent time as head of the racing operations and McLaren confirmed on Wednesday ahead of its home race at Silverstone that he had resigned .
Mclaren has been in constant criticism from the public and the fans for not being able to produce a car worthy of competing in the World Championship especially with a talented driver like Fernando Alonso in the line up waiting for more than a decade to win a title , his last came in 2006 with Renault .
McLaren is currently sixth in the Constructors ' Championship with just 44 points whereas the championship leaders Ferrari is a staggering 200 points ahead of them .
Boulier said `` I am very proud to have worked with such a brilliant team over the past four years , but I recognize now is the right time for me to step down , '' said the Frenchman .
McLaren Racing announces leadership restructure of its racing operations , with immediate effect . https : //t.co/GjVbmtiUOW — McLaren ( @ McLarenF1 ) July 4 , 2018
Confirming Boullier 's departure , team chief Zak Brown said the causes of McLaren 's struggles `` are systemic and structural , which require major changes from within '' .The team has reacted after a disappointing start to 2018 following their switch from Honda power to Renault . ' .
Yogurt company Dannon said on Thursday that it is `` shocked and disheartened '' by Cam Newton 's sexist comments towards reporter Jourdan Rodrigue as it cut ties with the Carolina Panthers star quarterback .
Michael Neuwirth , Dannon 's senior director of external communications , said that the company made the decision on Thursday morning to end its deal with the football star as an endorser for its Oikos Greek Yogurt brand . Newton has worked with Dannon since 2015 .
The company said Newton 's comments were sexist and disparaging to women in an emailed statement .
`` It is entirely inconsistent with our commitment to fostering equality and inclusion in every workplace , '' the statement said . `` It 's simply not OK to belittle anyone based on gender . We have shared our concerns with [ Newton ] and will no longer work with him . ''
Allison+Partners is helping Dannon with communications on the matter .
Newton was taking questions from the media on Wednesday , when Jordan Rodrigue , who covers the Panthers for the Charlotte Observer , asked how he feels about wide receiver Devin Funchess being more physical on passing plays .
Newton responded by laughing and said , `` It 's funny to hear a female talk about routes . ''
Here 's the video of Cam Newton saying `` it 's funny to hear a female talk about routes '' pic.twitter.com/hd9Kg4CCeu — Carlin & Reese ( @ CarlinReeseWIP ) October 4 , 2017
Rodrigue replied on Twitter , `` I do n't think it 's 'funny ' to be a female and talk about routes . I think it 's my job . ''
BY OKECHUKWU OBETA , Awka
The governor of Anambra State , Chief Willie Obiano is the only contestant in today 's primary being conducted by the Chief Victor Oye- led faction of the Progressives Grand Alliance ( APGA ) to choose the party 's flag- bearer for the November 18 , Anambra State governorship election .
Chief Oye who disclosed this to newsmen yesterday in a press briefing in his Amawbia country home in Awka South local government area of the state , revealed that a total of 1,109 delegates made up of three delegates elected from each of the 326 wards in the state and 150 statutory delegates of the party will be taking part in the primary .
He stated that the party printed a lot of forms for the governorship primary sold at the sum of N5 million per aspirant but only Governor Obiano purchased and returned the form duly filled before the close of the exercise as stipulated by the party .
He said the party 's primary election would be held at the Professor Dora Akunyili Civic Centre , Awka , the Anambra State capital , and , would commence with the accreditation of delegates .
He stated that he had notified the headquarters of the Independent National Electoral Commission ( INEC ) , and , that the Commission had drafted some of its officials to monitor the exercise , adding that the security agencies , including the police , Department of the State Services ( DSS ) , Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps ( NSCDC ) , and other paramilitary agencies have been mobilized to ensure adequate security .
Oye stated that the party would submit the name of its gubernatorial candidate to INEC on August 17 , stating that so far all the due processes for the exercise starting from the conduct of the ward congresses , screening of the aspirant had been strictly complied with as stipulated in the APGA constitution , adding that APGA would retain the governorship seat come the November 18 governorship election .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Teacher Maria Dominguez works with students at Rodriguez Elementary School in Austin , Texas . Dominguez said there is fear and anxiety among her students and their parents , many of whom are in the country illegally , over the Trump administration 's immigration proposals . ( COURTESY OF MARIA DOMINGUEZ | CNS )
FLAGSTAFF , Ariz. | An immigrant teacher and White House honoree fears President Donald Trump is undermining the community she has fought to lift up .
“ It 's only been two , three weeks since he was sworn in and I can see the fear and uncertainty in my students and their undocumented parents , ” said Maria Dominguez , who teaches first grade at Rodriguez Elementary School in Austin , Texas .
“ A couple of parents that I 've met with this week have mentioned that they 're afraid of what 's going to happen to their children if ( the parents ) were to be deported , ” she said in a phone interview with Catholic News Service .
Dominguez said some fear that their children could be placed in foster care and they would not know where they are or how they are doing . Her first-grade students have expressed their own anxieties .
“ My kids tell me that they do n't want to go to Mexico , ” she said . “ They were born here , and most of them have never even traveled to their parent 's home country . ”
She said the U.S. is all they know .
“ It 's devastating to see how much fear there is right now , ” Dominguez said . “ I 'm surrounded by people who could be hurt by what 's happening , and that breaks my heart . ”
Trump 's immigration actions include a substantial expansion of Immigration and Customs Enforcement . He called for adding 10,000 ICE agents to the 20,000 currently responsible for enforcing immigration laws and for the removal of unauthorized aliens .
Bishop Joe S. Vasquez of Austin warned that the president 's orders on detention and deportation “ will tear families apart and spark fear and panic in communities . ”
Writing as the U.S. bishops ' point man on migration , Bishop Vasquez has repeated the bishops ' call on “ comprehensive , compassionate and common-sense ” immigration reform .
“ We see traumatized children in our schools and in our churches , ” he said , adding that Trump 's actions “ will only further upend immigrant families . ”
According to a Pew Research Center analysis , about 3.9 million public and private school students in kindergarten through 12th grade — 7.3 percent of the total student population — were children of unauthorized immigrants in 2014 , the latest year for which these statistics are available . About 725,000 students — 1.3 percent of the total — were unauthorized immigrants themselves .
Dominguez said she believes nearly all of her students were born in the U.S. , but around half of them have at least one parent who is an unauthorized immigrant .
Dominguez understands the concerns of her students and their families . For all but the first eight years of her life , she has lived in Texas as a Mexican immigrant without legal permission to be in the U.S .
“ It never hit me that I was undocumented until I was in middle school , ” Dominguez told CNS . “ I saw my mom working two jobs , and I really wanted to help her . ”
Dominguez had an opportunity to apply for a summer work program in the eighth grade . But the application asked for a Social Security number that she could not provide .
She recalled her mom saying : “ They 're asking for a Social Security number . You do n't have ( one ) , you ca n't work . And , I do n't want you to get in trouble because we 're here undocumented . ”
Although disappointed , Dominguez said she remained positive , worked hard in school and became involved in extracurricular activities , including ROTC .
After graduating from high school , she went on to earn undergraduate and master 's degrees in education .
Dominguez also began teaching Sunday religion classes at her Catholic parish . She still had no authorization to get a regular job .
“ That was the closest I was going to get to becoming a teacher , ” she said of her years as a catechist . “ For me that was a way of practicing my profession . ”
In 2012 , she applied for and was among the first eligible immigrants to receive DACA , or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , status . Initiated by the Obama administration , DACA gives temporary protected status to select immigrants who arrived in the U.S. as children without legal permission .
DACA allowed Dominguez to receive work authorization , and she began teaching at Rodriguez Elementary in 2013 .
Her journey to becoming a teacher was born of tragedy .
When Dominguez was 8 , her father died in a car accident in Texas , where he was legally working as a welder . Her mother and her four children traveled from their home in Guanajuato , Mexico , to Austin to collect benefits that were owed them as a result of her dad 's death .
Their plan was to go back to Guanajuato after her father 's affairs were settled , Dominguez said .
“ I guess my mother realized that there was an opportunity for us to go to school , get an education , ” she said . “ I began fourth grade . By that time , I was 9 . ”
Her mother continued to tell her and her siblings that they would eventually return to Mexico . But the family never did .
In 2015 , the Obama White House recognized Dominguez and eight other educators with DACA status for their outstanding contributions to their students and communities . They were honored as “ Champions of Change . ”
During his presidential campaign , Trump promised to revoke DACA . But he has yet to formally address the programs and the more than 800,000 immigrants it now protects .
The paradox of one White House administration honoring the success of immigrants and another potentially stripping it away is not lost on Dominguez .
She said her proudest moment was in 2015 when she entered the White House with her mother . Visiting as unauthorized immigrants was something they “ could have only dreamed about , ” she said .
“ Walking into the White House and being guests and then being honored and having my mom next to me and making her proud was amazing , ” Dominguez recalled .
She said it showed that her work to raise up children to be respectful , dedicated and productive members of American society was “ being noticed and appreciated . ”
In a 2015 interview about the honor , Dominguez said it is her students who motivate her .
“ At the end of the day , everything is worth it when I see my students ' academic and personal achievements , ” she said . “ I love to hear my students say , ‘ I got it ! ' during a math lesson . I love seeing them struggling to read and seeing them become fluent readers at the end of the school year . ”
After a year and a half of paperwork , interviews and processing , Dominguez received permanent residency status in January . She was sponsored for residency by her husband , a U.S. citizen .
Although she now has authorization to work and live in the U.S. , she worries for her mother and her siblings as well as other DACA recipients who have made positive contributions to U.S. society but remain aliens in the eyes of the U.S. government .
“ A lot of organizations , churches and people of faith — the community of people that I am surrounded by — are fighting for immigrant rights , ” she said . “ We have to worry , but at the same time we 're going to do something about it . This is our chance to come out and not let other people take control of our lives . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
As if the life of a stray was n't hard enough , this little pooch had it even tougher . When she was abandoned , the poor dog settled down on a discarded shoebox in someone 's yard . But she also faced the hardship of living a life on the streets with only three limbs .
It took months for the stray , a Chihuahua , to be brought to the attention of animal rescuers . The organization in question was Hope For Paws , a non-profit group from Beverly Hills , California . A text message it received spurred its staff into action .
ADVERTISEMENT
The message , from a concerned citizen , came through on Paws ' emergency line . It said that the dog had apparently been living homeless in the Compton area for at least five months . Consequently , Paws speculated she must have been abandoned .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Batman v Superman features one of the most faithful to the comics versions of the Dark Knight 's suit to have been seen on the big screen . But , it almost was n't that way as proven by recently released concept art . While many fans argue about Batman v Superman as a movie or about Ben Affleck 's performance , many agree that Batman 's suit looked pretty awesome . The same can be said for Justice League , even though that movie was torn apart by critics even more than Batman v Superman .
Jerad S. Marantz recently took to social media to share an early version of the Batman suit from Batman v Superman . While the final version is faithful to the comics , the newly released concept art features a very different , futuristic look for the Dark Knight . The suit looks super high tech and nothing like what we ended up with . There 's a lot of metallic imagery going on , looking like some kind of powerful armor , but it does n't look as sleek . In the end , they probably chose the right suit for the movie .
Jerad S. Marantz says that they toyed with the idea of the more futuristic Batman suit for about a week , but says he was more excited to work on something more classic . Though it was n't used in Batman v Superman , it looks like a version close to it was used in Justice League when Batman is seen bulking up with a heavily armored suit . One of the bright spots to come out of the DCEU 's portrayal of Batman was the return to the classic Frank Miller-style suit , which could make its return in Matt Reeves ' The Batman . Marantz mentions this .
`` Believe it or not This was a very early pass on the # batmanvssuperman # batsuit . Before we got the note to do a classic # Batman I was exploring futuristic and techy options . I think the exploration only lasted for about a week and was so excited when we were told to do a classic Batman suit . ''
Though the Frank Miller suit or something similar could end up in The Batman , it would make sense to have the suit evolve over the course of the new movies . Batman v Superman and Justice League set the classic tone and now the DCEU could take the suit in all types of different directions . It 's currently not clear what 's going on with The Batman other than Matt Reeves has an outline written , which is a start . It appears that the movie is still in development , but it does not look like Ben Affleck will be returning .
Fans seem to really enjoy the concept art that Jerad S Marantz shared with many indicating that they think it should 've been used . That 's debatable , but it looks pretty cool nonetheless . As for what the next suit is going to look like is anyone 's guess and that goes for who will be wearing it as well . Ben Affleck whined a few times about it being really heavy , so maybe they 'll take his complaints into consideration for the new Batman and suit . You can check out the latest concept art to be released from Batman v Superman below , thanks to Jerad S. Marantz 's Instagram page and see what you think .
New York : Indians working across the globe sent home US $ 62.7 billion last year , making India the top remittance-receiving country surpassing China , according to a UN report .
The 'One Family at a Time ' study by the UN International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD ) said about 200 million migrants globally sent more than US $ 445 million in 2016 as remittances to their families , helping to lift millions out of poverty .
Remittance flows have grown over the last decade at a rate averaging 4.2 percent annually , from US $ 296 billion in 2007 to US $ 445 billion in 2016 .
The study is the first-ever of a 10-year trend in migration and remittance flows over the period 2007-2016 . It said 80 percent of remittances are received by 23 countries , led by India , China , the Philippines , Mexico and Pakistan .
The top 10 sending countries account for almost half of annual flows , led by the US , Saudi Arabia and Russia .
The study said India was the top receiving country for remittances in 2016 at US $ 62.7 billion , followed by China ( US $ 61 billion ) , the Philippines ( US $ 30 billion ) and Pakistan ( US $ 20 billion ) .
In the decade between 2007 and 2016 , India surpassed China to become the top receiving country for remittances . In 2007 , India was on the second spot , behind China , with US $ 37.2 billion in remittances as compared to US $ 38.4 billion for China .
The study said Asia is the highest originating region with 77 million migrants ; with 48 million remaining within the region . Over the past decade , remittances to Asia and the Pacific increased by 87 percent , reaching US $ 244 billion , while migration grew by only 33 percent in comparison .
Asia remains the main remittance-receiving region , with 55 percent of the global flows and 41 percent of total migrants . It is projected that and estimated US $ 6.5 trillion in remittances will be sent to low and middle-income countries between 2015 and 2030 .
The study added that the amount of money migrants send to their families in developing countries has risen by 51 percent over the past decade - far greater than the 28 percent increase in migration from these countries .
This dramatic increase in the amount of money migrants send home to their families in developing countries is helping to lift millions out of poverty and in attaining the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDG ) , the study said .
`` About 40 percent of remittances – US $ 200 billion – are sent to rural areas where the majority of poor people live , '' said Pedro de Vasconcelos , manager of IFAD 's Financing Facility for Remittances and lead author of the report , adding that the money is spent on food , health care , better educational opportunities and improved housing and sanitation .
`` Remittances are therefore critical to help developing countries achieve the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDG ) , '' de Vasconcelos said .
Currently , about 200 million migrant workers support some 800 million family members globally . In 2017 , an expected one-in-seven people globally will be involved in either sending or receiving more than US $ 450 billion in remittances , according to the report .
Migration flows and remittances are having large-scale impacts on the global economy and political landscape . Total migrant earnings are estimated at US $ 3 trillion annually , approximately 85 percent of which remains in the host countries .
The money sent home averages less than one percent of their host 's GDP . Taken together , these individual remittances account for more than three times the combined official development assistance ( ODA ) from all sources , and more than the total foreign direct investment to almost every low-and middle-income country .
The report makes several recommendations for improving public policies and outlines proposals for partnerships with the private sector to reduce costs and create opportunities for migrants and their families to use their money more productively .
`` As populations in developed countries continue to age , the demand for migrant labour is expected to keep growing in the coming years , '' de Vasconcelos said .
`` However , remittances can help the families of migrants build a more secure future , making migration for young people more of a choice than a necessity , '' he added .
Despite the decade-long trend , IFAD President Gilbert Houngbo noted the impact of remittances must first be viewed one family at a time .
`` It is not about the money being sent home , it is about the impact on people 's lives . The small amounts of US $ 200 or US $ 300 that each migrant sends home make up about 60 percent of the family 's household income , and this makes an enormous difference in their lives and the communities in which they live , '' Houngbo said .
Editor 's Note : This piece originally appeared at Acculturated and is reprinted here with permission .
In a recent editorial in the Hoya , the official student newspaper of Georgetown University , students called for more conservative professors on campus .
The editorial is a refreshingly reasonable voice in the ongoing culture and free speech wars that are roiling America 's college campuses . The editors of the Hoya do not demand that a circus act like Milo Yiannopolous be allowed to come and disrupt the campus , or that the left continue its dominance of the country 's universities .
Instead , they make a straightforward case that the dearth of conservative professors at Georgetown is leaving students unprepared for the genuine diversity – that is , the diversity of thought – that is part of the real world . Georgetown 's homogeneity , they argue , is leading to an atrophying of their skills for debate and reasoned argument . In other words , without conservatives , they have no one to test their ideas against .
“ One of the hallmarks of higher education is the opportunity to understand and grapple with a wide range of ideas , ” the editorial notes . It goes on :
Yet , Georgetown falls short on its commitment to this ideological diversity in the makeup of its instructional corps . The university must work to remedy its lack of politically conservative professors by considering a diversity of viewpoints when hiring instructors , from assistant professors to those with tenure , and by ensuring that no bias exists against conservative educators in the hiring process .
The editorial cites a 2016 article in the Wall Street Journal by John Hasnas , who wrote that Georgetown faculty search committees often blackball conservative candidates . The Hoya editors also cite the Higher Education Research Institute , whose research has shown what even the Washington Post called “ a dramatic shift ” in recent years toward hiring faculty that leans left . In 1990 , 42 percent of college professors identified as liberal or far-left , according to the HERI survey data ; by 2014 , that figure had risen to nearly 60 percent , while only 12 percent of professors identified as conservative .
The Hoya concludes with several essential points , worth quoting in full :
A robust exchange of ideas requires students and faculty to have the greatest possible variety of backgrounds , to expose ourselves to myriad viewpoints . Only by having our views challenged can we refine our own stances , learn how to best justify our arguments and hone our critical thinking abilities .
Moreover , the absence of true ideological diversity on our campus is problematic for all students . Allowing one specific political ideology a monopoly on our campus can foster dangerous levels of intolerance for contradictory beliefs . The results of permitting such ideological homogeneity have been witnessed at college campuses nationwide , including at Middlebury College , where violent protests erupted in response to a speech by author Charles Murray , and at the University of California , Berkeley , which has become a battleground for free expression .
The imbalance of ideological diversity in our faculty disadvantages students of all political persuasions : Liberal students fall into the trap of groupthink , while conservative students feel alienated by the absence of faculty supportive of their political ideals . Both sides lack an adequate model of reasonable , academic , respectful debate that professors often provide for their students , leading us to become more entrenched in our own ideas instead of learning how to disagree reasonably .
In the current climate , when too many conservative “ speakers ” who trade in insult and invective descend on universities to posture for the cameras while a smug left seems intent on keeping campuses no-debate zones , the Hoya 's simple request that Georgetown University hire qualified conservatives to be part of the staff is one that more colleges and universities should heed .
– Mark Judge writes for Acculturated .
Recently , Saanich police caught a scofflaw speeding in a school zone , with no driver 's license and no insurance . The total of all three fines was $ 1,127.00 ; most Facebook commenters seem to agree that is been a pretty egregious display of I-couldn't-care-lessness , and one commenter noted that maybe even a fine of that magnitude could be pocket change to some people , and therefore not much of a deterrent .
Meanwhile , over in a lot of Scandinavian countries , fines for certain infractions are based on the offender 's income — which is why , in Finland , a Nokia executive who was caught doing 45 in a 30 zone was whacked with a fine equalling $ US103,000 , and two years earlier , the NHL 's Teemu Selanne was handed a $ 39,000 ticket .
Love , Dr. Scott James
Subscribe to Scott 's Now posts via RSS
Report A Typo
News Feature
by Rich Hewitt
Opinions wanted .
Town officials want to see more residents respond to a survey sent out last month as part of the comprehensive planning process . Although some residents—both full-time and summer—have responded , including those who have responded online , officials want to see wider participation in the survey .
The questionnaire covers a wide range of topics and , according to Town Manager Kathleen Billings , it offers residents an opportunity to give their opinion on existing services , activities and town life as well as on what they would like to see in the future .
The town sent out about 1,000 surveys last month and additional copies are available at the town office .
“ We 're trying to encourage people to get involved in the process , ” Billings said Monday .
The process began on June 15 under the leadership of Bob Gerber , the consultant who worked with the town on its appeal of the Federal Emergency Management Agency flood plain insurance maps . An evolving group meets weekly to discuss each of the 13 issues required by the state for approval of a local comprehensive plan . Town voters approved a comprehensive plan in 2004 , but the state rejected the document and since then , the town has operated without a state-approved plan . One of the reasons the town jumped at Gerber 's offer to facilitate the comprehensive plan process was because many of the grants the town has applied for in the past now require that towns have a state-approved comprehensive plan .
So far , the process is working well , according to Selectman Evelyn Duncan .
“ It 's going smoothly , ” she said . “ We have participation every week . There are people from the economic development committee as well as people there for the different issues . ”
Gerber is very knowledgeable and organized , Duncan added , and keeps everyone on track .
So far , the planning meetings have been scheduled from 1:30 to 3:30 in the afternoon on Thursdays in order to accommodate Gerber 's travel to and from Isle au Haut . All of those sessions have been and will continue to be open to the public . Billings said , however , that they will need to schedule evening sessions in order to increase participation especially for some of the more complicated issues involved in the planning .
“ We know we 're going to have some evening meetings for some of these issues , ” she said . “ Day meetings are just not good for getting the participation we need because people are working . ”
Among the key issues that will demand more participation and require evening sessions are the waterfront , marine resources , transportation and education , Billings said .
Gerber has used the 2004 comprehensive plan as a basis for the planning process . As the groups review the issues and add information , the results of those sessions are posted on the town website . Space is limited on that site , so information is taken down regularly to make room for new documents . Each week , Gerber writes a draft section for the issue the group has just discussed . He revises that draft based on comments and suggestions from the group . The goal is to have all sections completed by late September and ready to go to a town vote early in October .
Although part of the process is updating the 2004 document , the new plan will be different in many ways from that plan . Duncan noted Monday that technology has changed and that more information is available from the state and other agencies and much of that information is in the form of maps .
“ The state has been doing a lot of compiling of maps , ” Duncan said . “ That 's a big change . There are a lot more maps available and that has been helpful . ”
The town is looking for ways to provide public access to those new maps online .
The comprehensive plan not only gathers information about the town , but it also provides a vision and a road map for the town to follow for the future . According to Billings , there are different issues and challenges facing the town than there were in 2004 and that will likely change the focus and the recommendations of the comprehensive plan .
“ The population and the demographics are changing , ” she said . “ There are more retired people and there are not as many people here to fill the jobs . Education is a challenge—there was not as much concern for education [ in 2004 ] . And technology is an issue—broadband and a cell phone tower ; they are more relevant today . If we do n't have access to technology , we 're not going to see a level playing field . Those issues are different than what people identified in 2004 . ”
So far , the meetings have reviewed historic issues , water resources , natural resources , agriculture and forests , marine resources and population and demographics . Future sessions , starting August 10 , will focus on transportation , public facilities and services , existing land use , housing , economy , future land use and fiscal capacity and capital investment . No dates have been set yet for the evening sessions .
OUAGADOUGOU - At least 18 people including foreigners were killed and a dozen others wounded in a “ terrorist attack ” by suspected jihadists on a Turkish restaurant in the Burkina Faso capital , the government said Monday .
Two assailants were also killed by security forces who launched a counter-assault following Sunday night 's attack on the restaurant popular with foreigners , Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou said . It was not clear how many gunmen were involved .
The security operation “ has ended ” but searches are continuing in buildings in the Ouagadougou neighbourhood around the restaurant , Dandjinou told a press briefing early Monday carried on social media .
The Istanbul restaurant is just 200 metres ( yards ) from a hotel and cafe targeted in an assault in January 2016 that left 30 people dead and 71 wounded , many of them foreigners . That attack was claimed by the Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) group .
A government statement described the latest deadly shooting as a “ terrorist attack ” , while President Roch Marc Christian Kabore condemned it as “ a despicable attack that has Ouagadougou in mourning . ”
“ The fight against terrorism is a long-term struggle , ” he said in a Twitter message . A police officer who spoke to AFP on condition of anonymity cited witnesses as saying at least two assailants arrived on a motorcycle around 9:00 pm ( 2100 GMT ) on Sunday armed with Kalashnikovs , and opened fire on the Istanbul restaurant .
A waiter also said he saw “ three men arrive on a 4X4 vehicle around 9:30 pm , get off the vehicle and open fire on customers seated on the terrace ” .
Dandjinou had earlier said that “ some people were held ” by the assailants and that “ some were released ” , but gave no further details .
He said the 18 victims were of different nationalities , both Burkinabes and foreigners .
Turkey said one of its citizens was among the dead , while Paris prosecutors said at least one French national died in the shooting , which French President Emmanuel Macron condemned as a “ terrorist attack . ”
Security forces launched a counter-assault at around 10:15 pm against the assailants who were hiding in the building , the police officer said .
The shooting was intense at first and then sporadic , an AFP journalist at the scene reported .
Video footage posted on Twitter showed people fleeing , as shouting and gunshots are heard . Armed officers in uniform are then seen walking towards the attack site .
The gunfire ended around 5:00 am Monday , according to an AFP journalist who was near the restaurant . The wounded were taken to Yalgado Ouedraogo hospital .
“ We are overwhelmed , ” one surgeon told AFP on condition of anonymity .
“ We have received about a dozen wounded , including three who have died . The condition of the other wounded is critical . Three of them are currently being operated on . ”
Burkina Faso , a poor landlocked nation bordering Mali and Niger , has seen a string of attacks claimed by jihadist groups in recent years .
In December 2016 , a dozen soldiers were killed in an assault on their base in the north of the country . And in October that year there was an attack that killed four troops and two civilians .
In the January 2016 assault , AQIM gunmen attacked the Splendid hotel and the Cappuccino restaurant opposite , both popular with Westerners .
AQIM named the three gunmen responsible and published photos of them , dressed in military fatigues and wielding weapons .
The hotel and cafe attack came weeks after jihadists claimed an assault on a top hotel in Bamako , capital of neighbouring Mali , that killed 20 people .
There have also been kidnappings - of Burkinabes as well as foreigners . An Australian and a Romanian , abducted in 2015 , are still being held hostage by Islamist groups affiliated with Al-Qaeda .
Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overheat and possibly cause a fire .
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4 , the 2013 to 2017 A5 , the 2012 to 2015 A6 , and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017 . All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines .
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in U.S. government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris , or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short . No reports of fires are listed .
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners . An Audi spokesman in the U.S. said Tuesday that redesigned parts wo n't be ready until November , but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available .
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update . But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued .
Audi will send out recall letters on or before June 11 .
How Web Browsers Have Changed 25 Years After The Introduction Of Mosaic This week marks the 25th anniversary of the first real web browser , Mosaic , the tool that opened up the Internet to widespread use .
Matt Battochio updates us on the latest in sports in southern Alberta including a big trade involving the Lethbridge Hurricanes and how University of Lethbridge sports teams are performing heading into the semester break .
In lieu of seal meat , polar bears will resort to eating anything that looks edible , including mineral-rich kelp . Here , one chows down on a fresh batch .
A Polar Bear 's Diet Consists of Anything Edible ( 1:49 )
Polar bears will spar relentlessly with each other whenever they meet in summer . It 's friendly and sociable , but also a good way to establish hierarchy .
Elderly Polar Bear Spars With Young Males ( 3:17 )
Now Playing
Over the past half century , Leatherback turtle numbers have suffered a disastrous decline of almost 70 % . Researchers in Panama are pulling out all the stops to save this cherished species .
Scientists Go on a Mission to Save Sea Turtles ( 3:58 )
The Isthmus of Panama has witnessed some of the greatest movement of animal species in history . Today , rapid urbanization has accelerated deforestation and now threatens these same animals .
Why Panama 's Urban Development Is a Threat to Animals ( 1:33 )
A wildlife photographer spots a swimming polar bear , completing the last lap of its summer migration . It 's the perfect photo op -- but it requires him to be dangerously close to the hungry animal .
Capturing a Photo of a Swimming Polar Bear is Risky Work ( 3:53 )
A male polar bear stands on the edge of the ice waiting for potential prey . But he 's set his sights on something bigger than a seal today -- he 's in the mood for beluga whale .
Polar Bear Goes After a Young Beluga Calf ( 1:58 )
A young tiger comes face-to-face with an encroaching male tiger , threatening to take over his father 's territory . With nowhere to hide and his father out of sight , he has no choice but to submit .
Alpha Male Tiger Forces This Cub to Submit ( 1:33 )
Young tiger Kumal is spellbound by a female tiger he encounters in a local stretch of forest . If she 's interested , she 'll signal her intent by way of the chemicals she releases in her urine .
Tigers Use Urine to Figure Out If They Have Chemistry ( 2:43 )
At 14,000 tons and 2.5 times the height of the Statue of Liberty , the Piper Alpha oil rig was one of the largest in the world . But on July 6 , 1988 , the entire structure became consumed by a devastating and deadly fire .
Sharp needles are being found in yellow recycling bins , which is unsafe , says RDEK .
There has been a marked increase in the nubmer of needles being dumped in yellow recycling bins , according to the RDEK . RDEK photo .
Do not dispose used needles into yellow recycling bins , warns the Regional District of East Kootenay .
“ Over the past few months , we have noticed a marked increase in the number of needles being dumped in our yellow recycling bins , ” says Jim Penson , RDEK Solid Waste Superintendent . “ These needles are not from one source – they are single needles , needles used for medical purposes , insulin needles in jars , you name it . No matter where they come from , the message is the same : they do not belong in the yellow bins . ”
RDEK is worried for the safety risk that the needles pose for staff when recklessly dumped in the recycling bins .
“ Our yellow bins are sorted by hand . Every time someone puts a needle in one of our bins , they are potentially risking the health and safety of the hardworking men and women at the sorting facility . There is no excuse for it and it needs to stop , ” adds Penson .
There are designated sharps disposal containers that can be picked up at most pharmacies , according to the RDEK . There are numerous safe disposal locations in Cranbrook such as a pharmacy or harm reduction service .
One hundred and nine corps members posted to Jigawa in the Batch ` A ' Stream have been redeployed to other states , according to Mr Michael Amolo , NYSC Coordinator in the state .
Amolo disclosed this on Monday in Dutse , when NYSC Director General , Brig-Gen. Zakari Kazaure , paid an inspection visit to the NYSC camp .
“ Among those redeployed were 25 pregnant women , 11 nursing mothers and 73 others with health challenges , ” Amolo said .
He said that the affected corps members were redeployed after management considered their pleas and found them genuine and legitimate .
According to him , 1,767 corps members were registered , compromising 1,278 males 489 females .
In his response , Kazaure , who was represented by Mrs. Adetun Makinde , Director , Human Resources Management , NYSC headquarters , Abuja , advised corps members to respect the religion , culture and tradition of their host communities .
He also urged them to take advantage of the Skill Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development ( SAED ) programme to prepare for a more productive life after the service . ( NAN )
Like this : Like Loading ...
For those who work in show business . The world of makeup artists , stylists , image consultants , … https : //t.co/6t0FdFOEZ8 — Monica Dogra ( @ MonicaSDogra ) October 5 , 2017
: Singer-actress Monica Dogra believes showbiz can leave people feeling vulnerable.She let go of the make-up and filters to put out a post on Instagram featuring a selfie of her 'real ' self.A popular face of the indie music scene in India , Monica posted on Thursday : `` For those who work in show business . The world of make-up artists , stylists , image consultants , publicists .... actually scratch that ... maybe all of us feel like we put on masks . `` So this is for me and everyone .... every freaking body ! We tell stories with our bodies ... Fashion , filters , makeup , social media . Sometimes we hide what 's really going on . It 's confusing because the days when I do n't leave my bed ... when all I do is maybe watch Lady Gaga 's documentary , drink tea , write poetry and cry ... I stay off social media . I hide that person . She 's too vulnerable . `` I want to put that person up on Instagram today . I want to believe we can show all sides of ourselves ... even the dark sides ... the scared sides ... And still feel like we will be celebrated . `` Her latest piece of work is her first commercial Hindi cross-over track - a remake of `` Naraye mastana '' , originally sung by Abida Parveen .
The Iowa Environmental Stewardship Award is announced every year through the Iowa Cattlemen 's Association . It recognizes cattle producers who try to protect the environment while also increasing productivity and profitability .
This year , Randy and Denise Eddy received the award by turning acres of cropland to hay or pasture .
Randy Eddy looks at the year so far , “ It 's been a challenge this spring , with the weather we had in April , we calve in April and , you know , it was a little tough for them , but made it through okay ”
Eddy likes to hunt , but most of the time he finds himself just sitting in the stand listening to nature , he says there 's a pattern .
“ First thing 's you know , the turkey 's will come through a cackling . And then a little later , you 'll hear the hoot owls starting to hoot back and forth , talking to each other . It just progresses and hopefully there are a few deer that will come out in between time . ”
But without providing habitat , many of these animals would not be as common .
“ You got to have the place in the environment for them and , you know , our switchgrass acres , I mean , are perfect cover for the deer , for pheasant , for quail . You get that in there and then the bobcats have made a comeback , turkeys are the same way . When I was a
youngster , there just was n't any . And now , you know , you 've got turkeys everywhere . ”
It was a simple change for his farm . He likes to raise cattle .
“ I mean , that 's the big thing is we took a lot of that errodable ground out of production and put it back to hay or pasture . ”
But ultimately , Eddy thinks fixing up the land is the right thing to do .
“ You know I truly feel like with all the changes that have been made we 're a lot more conscientious about what we do , how we do it to protect the environment , ” Eddy says . “ That is the big thing , just leaving it better than the way a person found it . And I think we have . ”
Wed , Jun 14 : In the wake of the deadly London tower fire , Ted Chernecki talked to the experts on how safe B.C . towers are when it comes to fires .
Fantastic Beasts 2 is n't going to explicitly address Dumbledore 's sexuality and Ian McKellen is rather disappointed in that fact . Even though McKellen is n't involved in the Harry Potter franchise in any capacity , even if he had made a great Dumbledore and , by his own admission , he gets confused for having played the part often enough , the actor is gay himself and has been an advocate for the LGBTQ community for years . Upon hearing that Dumbledore wo n't be openly gay in the upcoming sequel , McKellen expressed his disappointment and went on a bit of a rant about Hollywood in general . Here 's what he had to say in a recent interview .
`` Is n't he ? That 's a pity . Well , nobody looks to Hollywood for social commentary , do they ? They only recently discovered that there were black people in the world . Hollywood has mistreated women in every possible way throughout its history . Gay men do n't exist . 'Gods and Monsters ' [ 1998 ] , I think , was the beginning of Hollywood admitting that there were gay people knocking around , even though half of Hollywood is gay . ''
It 's obviously an exaggeration to say that half of Hollywood is gay , but there certainly does appear to be a bit of a hypocrisy going on there . Regardless , it 's not hard at all to blame the Lord of the Rings and X-Men star for being irritated . Director David Yates revealed in January that Dumbledore will `` not explicitly '' be gay in Fantastic Beasts : The Crimes of Grindelwald . `` But I think all the fans are aware of that . He had a very intense relationship with Grindelwald when they were young men . They fell in love with each other 's ideas , and ideology and each other , '' added Yates .
Hollywood has released some movies recently , like Blockers and Love Simon that both prominently feature gay characters . But those are n't blockbuster movies . The problem with Fantastic Beasts 2 , specifically , is that Dumbledore is gay and creator J.K. Rowling has made that very clear . This is n't like Star Wars either where there is an entire story group . What Rowling says goes . This is her world . This movie has , or at least had the chance to prominently feature a gay character in a franchise that already has a massive and devoted fanbase around the world . However , it seems as though Warner Bros. felt it would be too potentially risky to bring Dumbledore 's sexuality to the forefront .
Marvel and Disney have similarly chickened out of featuring a gay character prominently in movies like Black Panther and Beauty and the Beast , even though the opportunity was there . Deadpool 2 , strangely , managed to be one of the first major blockbusters to feature a gay couple on screen , a decision which GLAAD applauded . Unfortunately , the latest movie in the Harry Potter universe , which arrives in theaters on November 16 , wo n't be taking that leap . So do n't expect Ian McKellen to shell out money to see it opening weekend . This news comes to us courtesy of Time Out .
The Great Lakes Loons are once again looking for special fans willing to be host families for the 2017 season . Host families play a vital role in making a player 's experience with the Great Lakes Loons one that will be enjoyable , memorable and allow them to perform at their peak while playing in Midland .
`` I relate it to kind of being a host family for an exchange student , '' host family coordinator Kathy Biskupski said prior to last season . `` They want a home environment and a place they can relax . ( The players ) truly become part of your family . They 're younger guys and some are far away from home . They are just really looking for a home . ''
Housing a baseball player is similar to hosting an exchange student who works second shift . The Loons have a 140-game schedule that runs from April until the beginning of September , with half of the games being played on the road . When players are home , they typically have to be at the field 5-6 hours before game time .
`` It 's truly a great experience not only for them but for the people hosting players , too , '' Biskupski said . `` It 's that feeling of being able to come back to a home in town instead of a hotel room . ''
Host families are not responsible for transportation and may charge a nominal amount for rent if desired . They are not required to prepare food , but if rent is charged , food is asked to be provided .
`` Some families are able to help ( with transportation ) , especially if they live outside the Midland area , '' Biskupski said . `` They 're kind of limited . They are teenagers , college students - they do n't have a lot of money to spend and they just really want a home . ''
If you feel that being a host family is for you , or have other questions , please contact our Host Family Coordination Team ( Kathy Biskupski , Michelle Servinski and Penny Robinson ) at loonshostfamily @ yahoo.com . You can receive more detailed information by also calling 989-837-BALL .
Copyright 2017 Associated Press . All rights reserved .
William L. “ Bill ” Peipert Jr. , 76 , passed away peacefully at 6:57 p.m. Sunday , May 27 , 2018 , at his home in Alton .
A memorial Mass will be at 11 a.m. Saturday , June 2 , at St. Mary 's Catholic Church in Alton . A private family burial will be at St. Patrick 's Cemetery in Godfrey .
Gent Funeral Home in Alton is in charge of arrangements .
Petr Mrázek is now signed with the Carolina Hurricanes . He is starting out as the backup goaltender , but he may have to be ready to carry more of the load as Cam Ward did last season , should starter Scott Darling flame out again .
In fact , Hurricanes general manager Don Waddell said that there would be a healthy competition in the starter 's crease this fall . Mrázek may wind up being the Hurricanes ' starting goaltender .
With a couple of pen strokes , Waddell got a comparable backup to what he had in Ward and saved a ton of money . Ward signed with the Chicago Blackhawks for $ 3 million while Mrázek signed a one-year deal with the ‘ Canes for $ 1.5 million .
Former # Flyers loaner goalie Petr Mrazek says he likes playing under pressure… 🤔 pic.twitter.com/chwxa04HHl — Flyers Nation ( @ PHLFlyersNation ) July 3 , 2018
Mrázek had a magical outing against the Hurricanes three years ago . Fans in Raleigh are hoping that is the Mrázek they have acquired , not the one who has struggled over the past two years to regain the former magic he had in-between the pipes . In about three months , the team and the fans will know .
Meet Petr Mrázek
Mrázek is a 26-year old Czech hockey player who was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings in the fifth round of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft . His career record is 78-64-23 , and his goals-against average ( GAA ) is 2.66 , and his save percentage ( SV % ) is .911 . He has not been considered an elite goaltender but has been serviceable and at times above average for much of his career .
It was not until the 2015-16 season that Mrázek saw a lot of action , playing in 54 games and starting 49 of them in place of starter Jimmy Howard . On Oct. 11 , 2015 , I wrote an article called “ The Magic of Mrázek ” after he shut down the Hurricanes and their best efforts in a 4-3 Red Wings victory . The score does not tell the story , but I tried to capture the magic in the article :
But , the combination of Carolina 's zeal and relentless attacking , fended off time and again by Mrázek , made this game one to remember . Unfortunately for the home crowd , the result is one that they 'd rather forget .
Mrázek was magical that night , fending off a barrage of shots by the Hurricanes . He was beginning to be the topic of speculation that he might even replace Howard as the Red Wings ' starter . But , Howard would not go quietly and eventually , the play of Mrázek began to falter , culminating in his being moved to the Philadelphia Flyers last season .
Little Mrázek Magic on Broad Street
Mrázek 's time in Philadelphia was spotty . He still had the reputation of someone who could rise to the level of being a team 's starter , but , not unlike Darling of the Hurricanes , has not been able thus far to carry that mantle . Joe Pergola wrote at Broad Street Hockey on Monday , July 2 , giving an insightful look at Mrázek 's time with the Flyers .
Pergola began with a great synopsis of the Mrázek saga : “ For the last few seasons , Mrázek has been touted as a player who had the potential to be a number one goalie in the NHL but was never able to fully beat out Jimmy Howard in Detroit . Some would say it 's because when Mrázek faced competition he would falter . Others would say he was never ready for a starting role , to begin with . More would blame the poor Detroit defense for his lapses . ”
Does that sound familiar ?
There is so much similarity to Darling—even though he has only tried to be a starter for one season—that it is uncanny . The question for the Hurricanes now is , “ Will Mrázek be able to rise above his recent past , regain the former magic that characterized his play a few years ago , and wrestle the starter 's job away from Darling ? ”
Pergola summed up Mrázek in a very accurate fashion : “ Petr Mrazek is a certainly athletic , and it can really set him apart from other goalies . However , one of the major flaws is his consistency . One night Petr can really take control of the game and stop everything thrown at him . But , the next night he could be the hockey equivalent to swiss cheese . If he is ever going to take the next step in his career , that is an area that he has to focus on . ”
Hurricanes fans do not need more swiss cheese . They have had their fill of that over the past two seasons with Eddie Lack and Darling . They need Mrázek to find the magic and deliver it consistently .
Mrázek Looks for Easy Transition to Hurricanes ' “ D ”
Also , on Monday , July 2 , Mrázek met with the Hurricanes media via telephone conference call . Since the play of the defense in from of him has at times been blamed for his poor results , I asked Mrázek what he has observed as the biggest difference defensively between the Hurricanes and the Red Wings and Flyers .
Mrázek answered ,
“ You have to know the defensemen , how they talk to you and how you have to play the puck to them and stuff like that…I 'm going to be starting the season with the team and we 're going to have the time in training camp to get used to it . The defensemen are really , really good and we all know how good and how important they are for Carolina . I think it 's going to be easy . ”
Whether or not Mrázek will have an easy time transitioning into the Hurricanes ' system remains to be seen . Also on Monday , new Hurricanes head coach Rod Brind'Amour was quoted by Chip Alexander in the Raleigh News & Observer as having said , “ Hopefully between Petr and ‘ Darls ' one of these guys will get it together and can lead us . ”
Translation for fans : We sure hope Mrázek can find the magic and lead us to the playoffs . Not that it would not be appreciated if it turns out to be Darling who has a playoff-caliber season . But , at this point all eyes are on Mrázek , looking for the magic and hoping it is there .
London : Surrey left-arm swing bowler Sam Curran has received a late-call-up into England 's squad for the second Test against Pakistan as cover for all-rounder Ben Stokes , who has a tight left hamstring .
The uncapped teenager was summoned on Wednesday and is now due to train with England at Headingley on Thursday – with the second and final Test against Pakistan starting at Yorkshire 's headquarters in Leeds on Friday .
Stokes is yet to have a scan but will be assessed by England medical staff on Thursday .
This month saw Curran claim his maiden 10-wicket haul in first-class cricket .
The 19-year-old took 10 for 101 across two innings as Surrey thrashed Yorkshire by an innings and 17 runs in a First Division County Championship fixture at The Oval , with his victims including England captain Joe Root and India batsman Cheteshwar Pujara , whom he dismissed twice .
Curran 's older brother Tom , a 23-year-old right-arm fast-medium bowler , has represented England in all three international formats – Tests , one-day internationals and Twenty20s – with his most recent appearance coming in a seven-wicket ODI win away to New Zealand at Christchurch in March .
Tom also played in England 's final two Tests of their recent Ashes series loss in Australia .
The brothers are the sons of the late former Zimbabwe all-rounder Kevin Curran .
Sam Curran was called into England 's T20 squad during the tri-series involving Australia and New Zealand earlier this year but did not play .
Pakistan hammered England by nine wickets to win the first Test at Lord 's inside four days as Root 's men suffered their sixth defeat in eight matches at this level .
