New Delhi : The Supreme Court on Thursday issued a notice to the Centre in connection with its recent notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for slaughter .
According to PTI , the apex court also asked the Centre to file its response within two weeks and posted the matter for hearing on July 11 .
A vacation bench of the apex court comprising Justices RK Agrawal and SK Kaul passed the order while hearing a petition challenging the Centre 's notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle for slaughter – a move that backfired and received flak from various quarters .
Additional Solicitor General P S Narasimha , appearing for the Centre , told the bench that intention behind bringing the notification was to have a regulatory regime on cattle trade across the country .
He also told the apex court that the Madras High Court has recently granted interim stay on the notification .
A Hyderabad-based lawyer , Fahim Qureshi , who had filed the petition , had claimed that the Centre 's order was discriminatory and unconstitutional , as it prevented cattle traders from earning their livelihood .
On May 25 , the Centre through an order imposed a ban on the sale of cattle , including cows , for slaughter and restricted cattle trade solely to farm owners .
Minister for Environment , Forest and Climate Change Harsh Vardhan ordered that the ministry has notified the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( Regulation of Livestock Markets ) Rules , 2017 to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes .
Regulating animal trade is a state business but animal welfare is a central subject , thereby providing the window for the ministry to notify the rule .
In lieu of this , there was widespread opposition of the order , with many states openly denying accepting the notification .
Kerala govt led by Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and some other northeastern states last month opposed the move and announced that they would not comply with the centre 's ordwer .
Vijayan said he would call for a meeting of all the Chief Ministers , asserting that the Union Government does not have the right to issue such an order on cattle slaughter ban .
Vijayan further said that the Centre 's new rule is an impermissible encroachment into the domain of the State Legislatures which is a clear 'violation of the spirit of federalism . '
On June 1 , the students of the Indian Institutes of Technology ( IIT- Madras ) staged protest against the same .
With the police deployed in front of the IIT campus , the students protested at the main gate and raised slogans against the Centre 's controversial notification .
With ANI inputs
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Jimmy Kimmel held his baby son as he returned to his late-night show after a week off for the boy 's heart surgery .
Kimmel was crying from the first moment of his monologue Monday night as he pleaded with Congress to restore and improve children 's health coverage , a cause he has championed since his son Billy was born with a heart defect in April .
Billy needed one surgery just after his birth and had a follow-up operation last week .
Kimmel kept up his ardent advocacy Monday night , urging Congress to restore the Children 's Health Insurance Program , which has been left unfunded and stuck in a political stalemate since September .
Advertisement
Kimmel said it 's “ disgusting ” that Congress is putting tax cuts for millionaires ahead of the lives of children .
The Israeli police are set to interrogate the country 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over multiple abuses of power charges . He is accused of bribery and media manipulation . Israeli analyst Avraham Diskin told Sputnik what the consequences of such an investigation could be for the leader and his country .
“ This to me looks like a new phase of an old investigation . A number of times before , Netanyahu was directly investigated for several hours by the police , so it is just another round of quite an old story , ” said professor Avraham Diskin , an Israeli political analyst at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
According to the analyst , from a legal point of view , Netanyahu does n't have to step down as long as he is not convicted by the court . However , the precedence is that once there is an indictment , politicians of a lower degree are pushed by the court to resign .
“ Netanyahu and his lawyers said that he is going to follow the law and he is not going to resign under indictment , and if there is an indictment it 's a matter of years , ” Diskin said .
© REUTERS/ Alexandros Avramidis Israeli Police to Interrogate Netanyahu Over Multiple Abuse of Power Charges
Talking about the political sphere the analyst said that almost everybody in his current government is quite satisfied with Netanyahu .
“ I do n't know if there are any criminal offences and I do n't know how the court is going to behave , but the government is not very enthusiastic of getting rid of Netanyahu yet , ” he said .
However , if Netanyahu steps down , “ there would be an earthquake , ” Diskin said .
It is possible that there would be new elections and “ judgment of the public , but right now it does n't look like an alternative government will likely be formed , ” the analyst added .
He further spoke about how the relations between the US and Israel would develop in light of the current events .
“ Trump is a problematic personality but he is by far pro Israeli compared to the previous administration . We also have to remember the long history of the personal relationship between Netanyahu and Trump , so all in all the relations between the US and Israel are now better than they were before , ” Diskin said .
© AFP 2017/ DON EMMERT Netanyahu Threatens Action Against Iran 's Growing Influence in Syria
Netanyahu stands accused of two major charges alleging the abuse of the power of office .
In `` Case 1,000 , '' Israeli billionaire Arnon Milchan gave Netanyahu lavish gifts in an alleged bribery scandal . The second charge , dubbed `` Case 2,000 , '' states that Netanyahu promised to help increase the readership of Israel 's second-largest newspaper , Yediot Ahronot , in exchange for the publication easing up on its historically critical coverage of the prime minister .
Netanyahu has rejected allegations of wrongdoing , stating the `` witch hunt '' wo n't bear fruit , according to The Jerusalem Post . `` It will fail for this simple reason : There will be nothing because there was nothing , '' he said .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lowestoft Town boss Dale Brooks is keen on extending Matt Foy 's loan spell .
The Cambridge United youngster joined the Bostik League , Premier side last month and has scored two goals in three games .
His scheduled last game for the Trawlerboys - against Enfield Town - was postponed at the weekend .
His return could be well timed for the U 's , with Uche Ikpeazu suspended for this weekend 's game against Newport County , but Brooks said that he would talk to the the U 's to try and hammer out a deal for an extension .
“ Matty has done really well for us , ” he told the Eastern Daily Press .
“ Even in the games he has n't scored in , he 's had an impact so we 're really pleased with him .
“ Obviously it 's in the hands of his parent club but I will have a chat with Matt and with Cambridge to see if we can extend it . ”
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — The killing of the North Korean leader 's outcast half brother adds to a long list of high-profile assassinations or attempts in which the country is suspected of targeting estranged relatives of the Kim clan , turncoats and South Korean public figures .
Kim Jong Nam told medical workers he had been attacked with chemical spray at the Kuala Lumpur airport before he died , Malaysian officials have said . Leader Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials since taking power in late 2011 , and experts believe he might have been trying to eliminate a potential challenger to his leadership . Others think he was enraged over recent news reports that his brother tried to defect to the South in 2012 .
North Korea has denied carrying out some of the killings and not commented on others . Some of the most notable assassinations or attempts it is suspected of doing :
TRAITOR COUSIN
Lee Han-young , a nephew of one of the former wives of the country 's second leader Kim Jong Il , was found dead of gunshot wounds in front of a Seoul apartment in 1997 . Lee had defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982 , but Seoul kept his arrival secret until 1996 , when his mother also fled the North . Lee had harshly criticized the country and his dictator uncle . The investigation into his death concluded Lee was killed by North Korean agents sent to deliver Pyongyang 's payback and the assailants returned to North Korea before they could be captured .
BLAST IN YANGON
North Korean agents set off a bomb meant for South Korea 's leader while he was visiting Burma in 1983 . President Chun Doo-hwan narrowly escaped the attack , but more than 20 people were killed , including four of his Cabinet ministers , his ambassador to Yangon and several top aides . One North Korean agent was shot to death by police , a second was executed and a third reportedly died in prison in 2008 . Burma , now known as Myanmar , cut diplomatic ties with North Korea following the blast , but they restored relations in 2007 .
SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT
A team of 31 North Korean commandos slipped undetected into South Korea in 1968 and came within striking distance of the Seoul presidential palace . South Korean security forces managed to repel the assault at the last minute . The only commando that was captured said he had come to “ slit the throat of ( then-President ) Park Chung-hee . ”
A furious Park established a secret commando team tasked with demolishing the Pyongyang palace of North Korea 's founder . Tensions later eased , but the South Korean commando team , incensed that the planned infiltration was aborted , mutinied in 1971 , killing their trainers and marching on Seoul before being stopped .
HIGH-PROFILE DEFECTOR
In 2010 , two agents posing as defectors were arrested in a plot to assassinate Hwang Jang-yop , a former Workers ' Party secretary who remains the highest-level North Korean to seek asylum in the South . South Korean officials said both agents were majors in North Korea 's main army intelligence agency and were under orders to slit Hwang 's throat . Hwang , who once tutored Kim Jong Il , bitterly criticized the North Korean government after his 1997 defection . North Korea called him a traitor and “ human scum. ” He died six months after the assassination attempt at the age of 87 .
Nassau County Legis . Carrié Solages appeared in court Monday in his domestic violence case following his November re-election , with his lawyer signaling the Democratic official wanted to explore the possibility of a plea bargain .
The Hempstead court conference followed District Court Judge Joy Watson 's recent decision denying a defense motion to dismiss the charges of third-degree assault and endangering the welfare of a child stemming from Solages ' June arrest .
Solages ' attorney , Frederick Brewington , told Watson in court Monday the defense wanted to speak to a district attorney 's office supervisor about a possible disposition in the case . While leaving with Solages ( D-Elmont ) , the Hempstead lawyer confirmed his courtroom statement but declined to comment on it further or on Watson 's Nov. 29 written ruling not to dismiss the misdemeanor charges .
Nassau Legis . Carrié Solages arrested on assault charge , cops say
Solages , a 38-year-old former Bronx prosecutor who previously pleaded not guilty , did n't respond to a question Monday before Brewington added that his client also had no comment .
In her ruling , Watson also granted defense requests for pre-trial hearings that records show the prosecution had opposed . On Monday , she set Jan. 11 as the legislator 's next court date as the case proceeds toward those hearings .
Authorities have alleged Solages assaulted the mother of his 3-year-old son in their Valley Stream home after flying into a rage when he could n't find his stash of marijuana . The woman 's then-14-year-old daughter jumped on Solages ' back to try to pull him off her mother after he allegedly grabbed the woman 's arm and neck and pushed her against a wall , according to authorities .
Authorities contend the assault left the woman with severe neck pain and scratches to her arm and happened after Solages realized she was taking a cellphone video of him .
Get the Newsday Now newsletter ! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The defense said in its motion to dismiss the charges that Solages “ was wrongfully arrested ” — an argument Watson rejected , saying there was probable cause for the arrest .
The defense court filing also said the assault charge should be dropped , citing a lack of medical records showing any physical injury or treatment .
Brewington argued for dismissal of the endangerment charge by claiming Solages “ was attacked in this instant by these complainants , ” and that the daughter also told authorities she was n't hurt in the encounter .
But prosecutor Tara Coughlin countered in court papers that the woman 's “ claim of severe pain , coupled with defendant 's actions and anger is legally sufficient ” to support the charge . She also argued that the endangering charge should stand because evidence was sufficient to show the teenager was present , saw her mother assaulted and tried to help her , and Solages “ knowingly acted in a manner likely to be injurious ” to her welfare .
Court records show the woman told authorities after Solages ' arrest she did n't report prior domestic incidents such as when he allegedly broke down a bathroom door and turned off the water while her teen daughter was showering because he felt she was taking too long . She also said she once flagged down an NYPD car to scare him off after he allegedly followed her into the city , records show .
Documents also show the woman told authorities Solages said he would never get in trouble “ because he owns the police department and the courts , ” and “ has connections to the media . ”
District attorney 's office spokesman Brendan Brosh declined to comment Monday on court proceedings or the judge 's ruling .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 Buffalo 6 6 0 .500 227 283 N.Y . Jets 5 7 0 .417 266 288 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 South W L T Pct PF PA Tennessee 8 4 0 .667 266 282 Jacksonville 8 4 0 .667 299 178 Houston 4 8 0 .333 296 309 Indianapolis 3 9 0 .250 205 330 North W L T Pct PF PA Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 Cincinnati 5 7 0 .417 219 238 Cleveland 0 12 0 .000 176 308 West W L T Pct PF PA Kansas City 6 6 0 .500 303 274 L.A. Chargers 6 6 0 .500 268 212 Oakland 6 6 0 .500 249 278 Denver 3 9 0 .250 206 315 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Philadelphia 10 2 0 .833 361 215 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 Washington 5 7 0 .417 272 314 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 South W L T Pct PF PA New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 Carolina 8 4 0 .667 269 238 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 Tampa Bay 4 8 0 .333 243 288 North W L T Pct PF PA Minnesota 10 2 0 .833 285 204 Detroit 6 6 0 .500 314 308 Green Bay 6 6 0 .500 258 281 Chicago 3 9 0 .250 191 267 West W L T Pct PF PA L.A. Rams 9 3 0 .750 361 222 Seattle 8 4 0 .667 290 222 Arizona 5 7 0 .417 219 310 San Francisco 2 10 0 .167 202 298
___
Thursday 's Games
Atlanta 20 , New Orleans 17
Sunday 's Games
Dallas 30 , N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31 , Minnesota 24
San Francisco at Houston , 1 p.m .
Chicago at Cincinnati , 1 p.m .
Green Bay at Cleveland , 1 p.m .
Detroit at Tampa Bay , 1 p.m .
Indianapolis at Buffalo , 1 p.m .
Oakland at Kansas City , 1 p.m .
Washington at L.A. Chargers , 4:05 p.m .
Tennessee at Arizona , 4:05 p.m .
N.Y . Jets at Denver , 4:05 p.m .
Seattle at Jacksonville , 4:25 p.m .
Philadelphia at L.A. Rams , 4:25 p.m .
Baltimore at Pittsburgh , 8:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
New England at Miami , 8:30 p.m .
Thursday , Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis , 8:25 p.m .
Saturday , Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit , 4:30 p.m .
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City , 8:25 p.m .
Sunday , Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants , 1 p.m .
Cincinnati at Minnesota , 1 p.m .
Houston at Jacksonville , 1 p.m .
Arizona at Washington , 1 p.m .
N.Y . Jets at New Orleans , 1 p.m .
Miami at Buffalo , 1 p.m .
Green Bay at Carolina , 1 p.m .
Baltimore at Cleveland , 1 p.m .
L.A. Rams at Seattle , 4:05 p.m .
New England at Pittsburgh , 4:25 p.m .
Tennessee at San Francisco , 4:25 p.m .
Dallas at Oakland , 8:30 p.m .
Monday , Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay , 8:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Toronto zoo bids farewell to giant pandas The West Australian
The giant pandas will move to Calgary zoo .
ISLAMABAD : Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on Friday arranged a meeting between several members of parliament allegedly being investigated by the Intelligence Bureau ( IB ) for having links to terror outfits and Aftab Sultan , the director general of the civilian spy outfit , during which the parliamentarians were assured that the agency was not responsible for the list .
The lawmakers named in the list informed Prime Minister Abbasi that it could create a lot of issues for them since their opponents could use it to form cases and claim they were not fit to hold public office under Articles 62 and 63 of the Constitution . They demanded that the government inform the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Ministry of Interior and the Election Commission of Pakistan ( ECP ) that the list is fake so they are protected from any action based on it .
The sources said Law Minister Zahid Hamid suggested that the affected lawmakers move a privilege motion in the National Assembly to this end , but the lawmakers said that they do not want to take the matter so far and simply wanted that their names to be cleared officially .
The prime minister and NA Speaker Ayaz Sadiq agreed with the suggestions presented by the affected lawmakers .
The list contained the names of 37 lawmakers who were alleged to have links with banned outfits . It first came to light when a private television channel aired a report claiming that former prime minister Nawaz Sharif had directed the IB to keep a watch on the listed legislators , who mostly belong to the PML-N .
The IB and the Prime Minister House have on multiple occasions denied the existence of any such list , and the information ministry has termed it a forgery .
On Thursday , the government faced an embarrassment in the National Assembly when , one after the other , members from the treasury benches lashed out at their political leadership .
Soon after the lower house of parliament approved two amendments to the recently-passed Elections Act , Minister for Inter-Provincial Coordination Riaz Hussain Pirzada came down hard on the government for what he termed “ insulting me and other members of parliament ” .
He took issue with the purported list of 37 parliamentarians , which included his name , who were accused of having links with terrorist and sectarian organisations , which had gone viral on social media .
He said the list was prepared by the IB on an initiative taken by Prime Minister House .
“ Why did the PM House not hold an inquiry ? If I am guilty , why was I appointed a federal minister ? ”
Speaker Ayaz Sadiq tried to calm the enraged member , saying that he ( Pirzada ) was in Iraq when IB moved the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority ( PEMRA ) against the ‘ fake document ' , adding that the matter was sub-judice .
He also invited the minister to his chambers on Friday , saying that he would also invite the IB director general to clear the air . This offer did not seem to satisfy Pirzada , however , and the irate minister continued his protest .
“ My children are receiving messages saying that your elders are terrorists , ” he remarked .
He regretted that IB Director General Aftab Sultan , who had defamed lawmakers , was also being considered for appointment as chairman of the National Accountability Bureau before walking out of the House . He was accompanied by more than a dozen government-allied lawmakers and cabinet members , including Sheikh Rohale Asghar , Awais Leghari and Khusro Bakhtiyar .
Later , Law Minister Zahid Hamid and Information Minister Marriyum Aurangzeb told the House that both the list and the PM House letter that Mr Pirzada had alluded to were forged documents .
Our very own Humsafar 's Khirad ( Mahira Khan ) is all ready to hit the screen soon with her Bollywood debut film Raees . along with Shah Rukh Khan .
Even though Raees 's trailer already had the fans excited by Mahira 's glory the two leading actors have been teasing fans with some additional sneak peeks too .
Recently , Shah Rukh surprised us by his enthralling Instagram post of the recent poster . The poster shows Shah Rukh and Mahira in an intense embrace and captioned Tu shama hai toh yaad rakhna… Mainn bhi hoon parwana…
The post succeeded to bag around 175,858 likes .
According to sources , Shah Rukh and Mahira shot two songs for Raees in Morocco .
An insider revealed that it was only for a couple of days , as the team did n't want people in India to know that they have shot the film there .
Directed by Rahul Dholakia , Raees is slated to release on January 25 , 2017 .
MADRID — Spain easily defeated Albania 3-0 to secure a World Cup berth on Friday and outspoken defender Gerard Pique received a mixed reaction from home fans every time he touched the ball .
Rodrigo , Isco , and Thiago Alcantara scored first-half goals to give Spain an insurmountable five-point lead over Italy with one round to go in Group G of European qualifying .
Italy 's chances of winning the group ended with in a 1-1 draw against Macedonia in Turin , a result that secured second place for the Italians .
Israel won at Liechtenstein 1-0 in the other group match .
TORONTO — It 's the final straw for plastic at Recipe Unlimited Corporation .
The restaurant giant , formerly known as Cara Operations , will start to ditch plastic straws at its 19 brands in August and replace them with compostable and biodegradable paper straws by the end of March 2019 .
The company , which owns brands such as Harvey 's , Swiss Chalet , Kelsey 's and New York Fries , joins a growing group of Canadian restaurants and international food corporations that are phasing out the plastic drinking implements .
Recipe Unlimited , which has 1,382 restaurants , says compostable and biodegradable straws will automatically be provided with drink orders at its quick serve brands , including the Burgers Priest and St-Hubert . Paper straws will be available on request at its full-service restaurants like the Pickle Barrel , The Keg and Milestones .
`` Straws are just one component of the work we 're undertaking to eliminate single use plastics from our supply chain and shift to recyclable or compostable materials wherever possible , '' Frank Hennessey , Recipe Unlimited 's chief executive officer , said in a statement .
A & W Canada said last month it would soon switch to paper straws , while Ikea Canada promised to phase out plastic straws by 2020 . Plenty of local bars and dining establishments have made similar declarations .
McDonald 's announced in June that it will switch to paper straws at all its locations in the United Kingdom and Ireland , and test an alternative to plastic ones in some of its U.S. restaurants later this year . However , a McDonald 's Canada spokesman said it would monitor the trials in those countries before taking steps in Canada .
The shift comes amid global pressure from environmentalists demanding restaurants switch to compostable options in an effort to stop wildlife from getting stuck and injured by plastic and to prevent the material from littering coastlines and green spaces .
Experts say Canadians use about 57 million straws a day , but less than 20 per cent are recycled . They often recommend paper , metal or wood straws as alternatives .
However , plastic straw bans have also generated concerns among some people with disabilities who say they need them and worry that sweeping bans will have unintended consequences .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
ALBANY — Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo , in his first seven years in office , never restored parolees ' voting rights . Never called for banning plastic bags . Never united feuding factions of state Senate Democrats .
He 's done all of that and more in just the last month — which happens to coincide with the actress Cynthia Nixon entering the governor 's race for the Democratic nomination .
It 's the continuation of a leftward shift from a governor who came into office as a centrist pushing spending freezes and tax caps and who , more recently , banned hydraulic fracturing for natural gas , boosted the minimum wage and expanded a version of “ free ” college tuition .
Cuomo 's campaign says he 's always been a progressive , but analysts said his recent moves are n't going unnoticed .
Some call it smart politics and a “ scorched earth ” campaign to take away progressive issues from Nixon . Critics say it 's too little , too late for winning back progressives . Regardless of viewpoint , many agree that it 's clear the budding race is having an effect already .
“ It is obviously effort to steal her thunder , ” said Julian E. Zelizer , a Princeton University professor and historian who analyzes national politics . “ It could work . When incumbents pick off issues from the left but still command control over party apparatus , it has the capacity to dampen opponents . ”
The developments “ speak ” to the seriousness of “ the challenger ” while reflecting a “ smart strategy ” by the incumbent , said Hank Sheinkopf , a longtime Democrat strategist who worked on Cuomo 's 2014 re-election .
“ The opponents are trying to somehow prove the argument that if it was n't for Nixon , none of this would happen , ” Sheinkopf said . “ Cuomo argues : What are you talking about ? I 'm already making the changes . ' The idea that he is not progressive enough is ridiculous . ”
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The Cuomo campaign maintains that the two-term governor has n't tacked left since Nixon entered the race .
“ The governor 's long record of progressive accomplishment is irrefutable , ” Cuomo campaign spokeswoman Abbey Fashouer said . “ Any claims otherwise should be seen for what they are : baseless election-year rhetoric . ”
But sample the headlines already generated by the contest . “ Cynthia Nixon — er , Governor Cuomo — gives parolees the right to vote ” said Fast Company , a business magazine . “ Cynthia Nixon has already won , ” declared New York magazine after Senate Democrats reunified .
In the last month , Cuomo has made a number of high-profile moves .
He forced fractious Senate Democrats to unify — following years of criticism that he tacitly supported a split that kept Republicans in charge and bottled up progressive initiatives .
He floated the possibility of terminating a long-established state law that removes New York City apartments from rent-control laws . Once a marijuana opponent , the governor said he supported Sen. Chuck Schumer 's federal bill to legalize it .
On April 4 , Nixon said black women were the “ backbone ” of the Democrat party and that “ we need to let them lead. ” Last Sunday , Cuomo announced initiatives to address high maternity-mortality rates among African-American women .
On Monday , Nixon led a march of 1,000 environmentalists to the State Capitol . As they were arriving , Cuomo announced a proposal to ban plastic shopping bags .
Cuomo aides said the governor had put together a group to study the plastic-bag issue months ago , before Nixon entered the race . But progressives noted that in 2017 Cuomo killed a proposal led by New York Mayor Bill de Blasio to impose a 5-cent fee on plastic bags purchased in the city .
Similarly , they point out that Cuomo previously said he was powerless to end the Senate Democrat rift , before shifting into action . A reunification plan he unveiled last fall was n't supposed to take place until late April at best and hinged on the outcome of two special elections to fill Senate vacancies . But the governor speeded up the timetable to early April .
Cuomo certainly had some progressive policy wins during his first term in office — most notably , the legalization of same-sex marriage and a tougher gun-control law .
But in his second term , he moved more to the left , winning approval of paid family leave , ending finger printing for food stamps and implemented a $ 15 per hour minimum wage downstate . He even campaigned with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders for “ free ” college tuition ( though the plan finally approved by the Legislature did n't make public college totally free but expanded the family income brackets that could qualify for full tuition assistance ) .
Fashouer has contended “ the governor 's record of progressive accomplishment is unmatched . ”
Critics on the left do n't buy it . “ To me , this speaks to the efficacy of primaries , ” said Ryan Madden of the Long Island Progressive Coalition . “ He understands there is a strong progressive resurgence ( ongoing ) and there are some gaps in his record that Cynthia is highlighting . ”
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - Pennsylvania high court orders judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old drug , gun convictions .
Investments in the area of value-added agriculture are helping to grow our state 's number one industry . Many people think of traditional row crops when they think of agriculture , however , modern-day technology and innovations are helping the industry add value to Nebraska 's traditional commodities . This is great news for all Nebraskans because it 's attracting new investments , creating jobs , and increasing local demand for raw commodities across our state . Highly-respected national and international companies are putting down roots here with new value-added operations , and many well-known local firms are expanding their existing operations .
A recent investment from Costco is a great example of how value-added agriculture creates new opportunities for the next generation of farm families . In June , Costco broke ground on their first-ever chicken processing plant , a $ 300 million investment which will create 800 new jobs in Fremont and opportunities for over 100 farmers through a poultry grower network . The project is estimated to add $ 1.2 billion to Nebraska 's economy , and will impact more than simply the market for chicken . Some of that value will also be realized through increased demand for locally grown corn and soybeans .
In Grand Island , Hendrix-ISA is building a chick hatchery , which begins operation this month . This $ 40 million project will create over 40 new jobs . Additionally , ten area farmers will be building feeder barns to serve the hatchery 's needs . This will further increase the demand for locally produced crops , which the farms will need to feed the chickens .
The ethanol industry is another great example of value-added agriculture in Nebraska . Nebraska is the second largest ethanol producing state in the nation . In the past two years , ethanol plants in Jackson , Fairmont , Adams , Columbus , and Kearney have invested approximately $ 190 million in new technology as they increase capacity and diversify their products . In addition to the billions of gallons of ethanol manufactured each year , these facilities also produce distillers ' grains , corn oil , corn syrup , dry starch , and specialty livestock feeds . The billions of bushels of corn consumed by the state 's ethanol plants each year support demand for our quality Nebraska commodities .
While Nebraska 's ability to produce corn has not only attracted ethanol plants to the state , our ethanol plants , like Cargill in Blair , in turn have attracted bioscience companies such as Novozymes to Nebraska . Novozymes produces enzymes for renewable fuels . Recently , the Denmark-based company announced that it plans to invest $ 36 million to expand its facilities in Blair . The Cargill campus in Blair also recently attracted a $ 200 million investment from Evonik , a German company that will produce omega-3 fatty acid oil , drawing on raw commodities in the area .
Meanwhile , Nebraska continues to lead the nation in commercial red meat production , one of our greatest valued-added ag success stories . Cattle and hog operations across the state are the biggest consumers of Nebraska corn , soybeans , and other feed stocks , supporting commodity prices and creating thousands of jobs . In turn , meat processors such as Cargill , Smithfield , and others are investing money in their facilities to produce and increase sales of Nebraska meat products and generate additional money to our state 's economy .
Growth in livestock has n't happened by accident – it 's been the product of support from both the industry and the state . Through the Department of Agriculture , we have established a variety of programs that have helped support this kind of livestock expansion . These include the Livestock Friendly County Program and the Livestock Siting Assessment Matrix , which help create greater predictability for producers looking to expand or add livestock to their operation . While we have already had significant investments , there is still plenty of room for additional growth and expansion .
International trade missions are another key strategy my administration has been using to grow value-added ag . Trade missions help cultivate investments in products from the crops and livestock we raise as well as attract companies to manufacture and process those products in Nebraska . For example , the Novozymes investment I mentioned above came on the heels of a trade mission I led to Copenhagen to help make the case for expanding their Nebraska presence . This year , I am leading trade missions to Canada and Japan , which will give us the opportunity to show our appreciation for two of our biggest trading partners , increase market access for our products , and pitch Nebraska as a great place to do business .
In the coming years , value-added agriculture will only continue to grow in importance as farming techniques , biotechnology , and science continue to advance . These advances will continue to help create new jobs and provide an in-state market for Nebraska 's quality commodities and livestock . It 's all helping grow Nebraska ! If you have thoughts on the subject of value-added agriculture or other thoughts you 'd like to share , please contact my office by emailing pete.ricketts @ nebraska.gov or calling 402-471-2244 .
TORONTO - Back in 2009 , Sobeys found itself at a crossroads .
Labour costs were rising , employee productivity was waning and the grocer knew that it had to keep building bigger distribution centres to accommodate the growing number of items being sold in its supermarkets .
A man watches products at the Sobeys Vaughan Retail Support Center equipped with robotics for automation , in Vaughan , Ont. , on Monday June 12 , 2017 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Mark Blinch
So instead of building out and hiring more workers , the national grocery chain built up and replaced many employees with robots .
`` The combination of labour costs going up and SKUs ( stock keeping units ) being on the rise kind of forced us to start thinking outside the box and try to find a technology to help us resolve those issues , '' said Eric Seguin , senior vice-president of distribution and logistics for Sobeys , during a tour this week at the company 's largest warehouse in Vaughan , Ont .
Sobeys is one of a small number of Canadian retailers that have embraced robotics technology . Others have been reluctant to follow suit , experts say , due to a lack of investment , a lack of access to the technology and for a long time , a lack of competition .
Today , Sobeys ( TSX : EMP.A ) operates four robotics distribution centres : two facilities north of Toronto spanning 750,000 square feet , another in Montreal and one in Calgary that opened earlier this month .
Unlike its 21 traditional warehouses , the mostly-automated centres rely on robotics instead of workers to pull items off the shelves and pack them onto pallets to ship to its 1,500-plus grocery stores .
The robots , which whiz up and down rows of stacked products piled up to 75 feet high for 20 hours a day , have resulted in reduced employee costs and quicker and more accurate deliveries , Sobeys says . It 's also allowed the Stellarton , N.S.-based grocer to double the amount of items that can be stored .
One robot does the work of four employees , Seguin said .
`` The robots do n't get tired , '' Seguin said .
`` They always show up the morning after the Stanley Cup final . They are always there the morning after the Super Bowl . It does n't matter if it 's 35 ( Celsius ) and a beautiful weekend . ''
The company has spent between $ 100 million to $ 150 million on each of its robotics facilities . Seguin says retailers , especially those in the grocery industry , have been slow to adapt due to the high upfront investment costs .
But that attitude is changing — and fast , says retail consultant Doug Stephens .
`` Retail in this country has enjoyed for many decades a bit of a dearth of competition , which is coming to an end now , '' said Stephens , who recently wrote a book called Re-Engineering Retail .
`` With the influx of U.S. players in the last decade and certainly with the presence and impact of Amazon , Canadian retailers are really having to awaken to the idea that if we do n't adapt and change and compete — we 're going to be in big trouble . ''
Behemoth multinational corporations like Amazon and Walmart have raised the stakes for Canadian retailers , offering lower prices , as well as quick and often free delivery or pickup services .
Last year , Canada 's oldest retailer , Hudson 's Bay Company , said it was spending more than $ 60 million in robotic upgrades to its 725,000-square foot Toronto distribution centre . Online orders that would 've taken up to 2 1/2 hours to locate and pack manually are being shipped out of the warehouse and onto a truck within 15 minutes .
`` We 're really just on the cusp of the capabilities of these technologies , '' said Stephens .
While manual labour jobs are being lost in retail , the types of positions that survive the wave of automation will evolve and likely be more focused on loyalty and analytics , says Marty Weintraub , a partner in retail at consulting firm Deloitte .
`` Robots can be much cheaper to implement and execute , and they do n't come with some of the challenges that humans would face such as making errors or having poor judgment , '' he said .
`` But technology can not replace certain skills that computers ca n't do today , like jobs that require problem-solving , intuition , the art of persuasion and creativity . ''
According to documents obtained by The Canadian Press in March , federal government officials were warned that the Canadian economy could lose between 1.5 million and 7.5 million jobs in the next 10 to 15 years due to automation .
In a report , Sunil Johal of the Mowat Centre at the University of Toronto estimates that the retail sector employs about two million people and between 92 per cent to 97 per cent of those who work in sales or as cashiers are at risk of losing their jobs .
`` We 're just scratching the surface of how technology can affect the retail sector , '' said Johal . `` That 's a cause of concern . ''
Follow @ LindaNguyenTO on Twitter .
Get a room , you two
They kissed each other on the cheek . Donald Trump playfully brushed what he said was dandruff off Emmanuel Macron 's suit jacket . They held hands . A handshake turned into a bro hug .
“ I like him a lot , ” Trump said of his visiting French counterpart .
The U.S. and French presidents displayed the kind of easy buddy-buddy relationship that Trump once pined for with , well , Russia 's Vladimir Putin .
Where is it leading ? For Macron , there 's hope of persuading Trump not to scuttle the Iran nuclear deal when the deadline for a decision arrives on May 5 .
Instead , the French leader is urging an effort to reach a broader agreement that would allay the U.S. president 's concerns about Iranian weapons development and troublemaking .
Trump , who called the existing accord “ insane , ” is listening .
“ I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger — maybe — deal , maybe not deal , ” Trump said .
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
“ This is the only way to bring about stability , ” Macron said .
See the story for Newsday by Laura Figueroa Hernandez . Click here for video of the Trump-Macron displays of affection .
Honorable mention
It makes sense that Trump has stopped ridiculing Kim Jong-un as “ Rocket Man ” now that a summit is being arranged for the U.S. president and North Korean leader .
But Trump took a step toward the gushy Tuesday , saying Kim has been “ very honorable based on what we are seeing . ”
Asked how he can view Kim as “ honorable , ” given the dictator 's ruthlessness and human rights abuses , Trump sidestepped the question .
No retreat for Jackson
Trump said he 'd have Dr. Ronny Jackson 's back if his White House physician wanted to back out of his nomination to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
“ I told Adm. Jackson just a little while ago , I said , ‘ What do you need this for ? ' ... “ I do n't want to put a man through a process like this . It 's too ugly and too disgusting , ” Trump said during a joint news conference with Macron .
Jackson has already faced bipartisan skepticism over whether he had the right experience to run the giant agency , and allegations have surfaced of past misconduct , including excessive drinking , overprescribing drugs and causing a hostile work environment .
But Jackson later met with Trump and said he wanted to go forward to seek Senate confirmation . The White House showed reporters positive reviews of Jackson from the Obama administration .
Janison : Vetting or abetting
Some of the turmoil that marks Trump 's administration would be avoidable if vetting procedures were followed to screen out problem personnel picks .
But Trump often prefers to go with his gut , which raises the risk of embarrassing revelations down the road . See Dan Janison 's column for Newsday .
Sessions : No more recuses
Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who has drawn Trump 's enduring ire for recusing himself from the Russia investigation , wo n't similarly separate himself from the investigation into Trump lawyer Michael Cohen , Bloomberg News reports .
By staying involved , Sessions is entitled to briefings on the status of the investigation , which is being conducted by the Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office , and could also weigh in on specific decisions by prosecutors , including whether to seek subpoenas and indictments .
Sessions also could end up in the position of being asked by Trump for inside dope on the Cohen investigation . Sources told Bloomberg that Sessions will consider stepping back from specific questions in consultation with Justice Department ethics experts .
Trump was asked Tuesday if he 'd consider pardoning Cohen . He snapped that was a “ stupid question . ”
The Dreamers are n't over
A federal judge in Washington on Tuesday ordered the administration to continue the DACA program it has been trying to end and — for the first time — to accept new applicants , The Washington Post reported .
U.S. District Judge John D. Bates called the effort to shut down the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals “ virtually unexplained ” and therefore “ unlawful . ”
However , he stayed his ruling for 90 days to allow the Department of Homeland Security a chance to provide more solid reasoning for ending the program for young immigrants without documentation who arrived in 2007 or earlier .
What else is happening :
Politico has obtained rare footage of the ex-wife of President Donald Trump 's labor secretary nominee appearing anonymously on The Oprah Winfrey Show in 1990 , where she alleged spousal abuse . `` I will see you in the gutter . This will never be over . You will pay for this , '' Lisa Fierstein alleged the labor secretary nominee , Andrew Puzder , told her in an episode titled `` High Class Battered Women . ''
Puzder , the CKE Restaurants CEO , is slated for his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday although four Republicans have said they are `` withholding support , '' possibly jeopardizing his nomination . In addition to allegations that he abused his wife , Puzder faces trouble due to pushback from labor rights activists and his admission that he and his wife once employed an undocumented immigrant as a part-time housekeeper .
When Fierstein appeared on Oprah , she was already divorced from Puzder — their separation was finalized in 1987 — and disguised by large sunglasses and a wig and used an assumed name . Another woman who appeared in the episode supplied the video to Politico , and Senators on the HELP committee have also reviewed the tape , which was supplied to them by the Oprah Winfrey Network but had not been made available to the public .
In a petition seeking $ 350,000 in damages , Fierstein also alleged Puzder `` assaulted and battered me by striking me violently about the face , chest , back , shoulders and neck , without provocation or cause '' and left `` bruises and contusions to the chest , back , shoulders and neck '' as well as `` two ruptured discs and two bulging discs . '' The petition was ultimately dismissed `` on the grounds that Puzder 's divorce agreement had already settled all Fierstein 's prior claims against him , '' Politico writes .
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. — If Detroit Tigers general manager had it his way , second baseman Ian Kinsler would be on another team by the end of this week . Will that actually be the case ? Only time will tell .
Avila spoke with reporters today at the opening of the MLB 's annual Winter Meetings in Lake Buena Vista , Fla. , and made it clear the Tigers are looking to move the four-time All-Star . Avila said the Tigers are n't close to a deal with any team at this point , but are certainly open and willing to trade Kinsler for some prospects .
“ In our situation right now , it behooves us to do it , ” Avila told reporters . “ It behooves us to move Kinsler — a veteran player for a prospect . It would give us a chance to play Dixon Machado on a more regular basis , for one thing . ”
A few clubs are reportedly in the mix , with many believing the Mets , Angels , Brewers and Blue Jays are interested in adding a second baseman .
Avila said they 've already talked to a few clubs since arriving in Florida so there is optimism a deal could be done before the Winter Meetings conclude on Thursday . But how likely will a deal actually get done ?
Well , Chris McCosky of The Detroit News reported today that Avila had Tigers assistant general manager David Chadd reach out to Kinsler 's agent to let him know Detroit has “ had conversations and something could happen . ”
Kinsler does still have the power to block a trade through his partial no-trade clause . That no-trade clause includes a list of 10 teams that Kinsler would refuse to play for unless he waived the clause . It can also be updated during the offseason .
With Kinsler possibly leaving Detroit by the end of this week , our eyes turn to another possible trade piece — Michael Fulmer .
With the Tigers in full rebuild mode , some have wondered if the star starting pitcher would be moved this offseason , however , that does n't appear to be the case . Avila said he is not “ actively ” seeking trade partners for Fulmer , and that it is unlikely a deal will be made for the 2016 American League Rookie of the Year .
“ It 's not really our desire to trade him at this point , ” Avila said . “ It 's just something where you explore all your avenues , just in case . We are not trying to trade him , but if there are teams that are interested then okay , but we 're not trying to trade him . ”
Avila did admit he has received a few calls about Fulmer , but none were considered serious .
Sen. Lankford says he does n't seek the spotlight , but he also does n't shy away from it , as has become clear from his increasing exposure in national media .
U.S . Senator James Lankford of Oklahoma said he does not consider President Trump a role model to his kids .
Lankford said this on MSNBC over the holiday weekend . He 's been critical of the President before but these terms were more stark than we 're used to hearing from the normally reserved senator .
`` I do n't consider the President a role model for my kids ... I do n't speak that way . I do n't tweet that way . I do n't interact with people that way . I do n't treat my staff the way he treats his staff . But that is who the American people selected , '' Lankford said .
He went on to say that the `` Me Too '' Movement has meant a shift in culture and people have begun looking at the personal life of celebrities , journalists and politicians demanding better .
Lankford was on the show to talk about recently passed sexual harassment policies in the Senate for staff after a string of Sexual harassment scandals and resignations in Washington , D.C .
The senator also added everyone should hold each other to a higher standard but did not address claims made by eleven women that the president had harassed or assaulted them .
WORTHINGTON , Ohio ( AP ) — Police say an Ohio high school student face criminal charges after officers found a handgun in a backpack on the school campus .
The unidentified student was arrested Thursday morning at Thomas Worthington High School outside of Columbus . Worthington police say the student will be charged with felony possession of a deadly weapon in a school safety zone and misdemeanor charges of carrying a concealed weapon and inducing panic .
Police are investigating whether a second student had the gun earlier in the day .
Worthington High School Principal Pete Scully sent an email to families Thursday that said school officials contacted police after being told the student had a gun .
Scully 's email said no threats had been made by the student .
Comments
comments
The Hut Group 's acquisition of Glossybox does more than add a subscription box into the fold — it marks the beginning of a marketing push that could ultimately aid in the company 's mission to build a more substantial beauty offering — complete with owned brands .
“ This serves as a really strategic middle pillar , ” said Paul Gedman , chief executive officer of The Hut Group 's prestige division . “ What Glossybox does , apart from being a great customer acquisition platform , is also giving us the opportunity to become a marketing agency for brands . ”
Monday , August 14 , 2017
ICELAND : Sometimes modern place names can provide clues about past human activities , as is the case at Dynes along the Eyjafjörður fjord . The term Dynes comes from an old Icelandic word meaning burial mound , and , fittingly , archaeologists recently discovered several Viking Age tombs there , including as many as three rare ship burials . Although the graves were partially destroyed by ocean erosion , one ship contained a Viking chieftain who was entombed alongside his weapons and his dog . —Jason Urbanus
According to new research , one-fifth of Scottish workplaces now allow employees to bring pets into the office .
Yet a similar proportion ( 16 % ) of workers have complained about the furry companions .
The survey by online job board CV-Library found that when it comes to the personal effect of animals in the workplace , there is clear evidence of a “ gender pet gap ” .
According to the data :
Nearly half ( 46 % ) of women believe that having a pet at work eases stress and helps relaxation , compared to 29 % of men .
21 % of women believes it makes them feel more friendly or approachable , compared to 14 % of men .
40 % of men accuse pets of being distracting in the workplace , in contrast to 30 % of women .
Nearly one-fifth of men ( 19 % ) go as far to call pets annoying in the workplace .
The result of the “ gender pet gap ” led to a shocking 12 % of men admitting to complaining about pets at work , in stark contrast to virtually no female complaints ( 1 % ) .
In the eternal battle between cats and dogs , canines rule the workplace - making up 87 % of all “ professional ” pets . Cats are clearly an unpopular option at work with only 5 % admitting to having a feline in the workplace , and rabbits coming in third with 2 % .
In Scotland , one in five workplaces allow pets in the office , with 7 % confirming that they bring their furry friend along with them . A further 14 % claim that while it is allowed , no one actually does it and it appears that Scotland is a nation divided on the issue as 37 % believe the presence of a pet is a distraction to them while 35 % feel that it makes them happy and eases their stress .
Across the UK , London , with its trendy , mutt-ropolitan co-working spaces , leads pet allowance in the office with 27 % of workers admitting to having them in the office . The South East ( 24 % ) , Wales ( 22 % ) and Northern Ireland ( 22 % ) follow close behind . The East Midlands and the North East are the keenest to keep pets at home , with 91 % and 87 % of workplaces saying no .
In general , nearly half of Brits would like to see more workplaces allowing pets , but 20 % suggest that strict policies from HR should be in place .
With bringing animals into the office becoming a growing trend , employers should sit up and take notice . 28 % of Brits suggested that they 'd be more likely to apply for a job if they have , or were allowed to bring in , furry friends in their working environment .
Lee Biggins , founder and managing director of CV-Library said : “ With one in two households owning a pet in the UK , it 's clear to see the attraction and convenience of bringing them with you to work .
“ Our new research shines a light on the latest HR trend that many businesses are implementing to stand out from the crowd and attract the very best recruits .
“ It seems to be working , with women being more favorable to the trend . As long as clear protocols are in place for pet ownership , it is set to have a positive benefit to employees and those around them . ”
The wedding bouquet of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , lies on the grave of the unknown warrior in Westminster Abbey on April 30 , 2011 in London , England . ( Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images )
I think it 's fair to say most brides like to hold onto their wedding bouquet , or at least part of it , after the big day is over , but in the British royal family , there 's another protocol .
After the wedding between Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon , the future Queen Elizabeth , and the Duke of York , who was later known as King George VI , the wedding bouquet was left at the grave of the Unknown Warrior at Westminster Abbey .
Lady Elizabeth , whom we all came to know in 1952 as Queen Mother , left the bouquet in memory of her brother , Fergus , a young officer who was killed on the Western Front in 1915 , during World War I .
What is the grave of the Unknown Warrior ?
So , it all started when a man , the Rev . David Railton , who was serving as a chaplain during the war , noticed a grave in a garden in Armentieres . This was 1916 , for reference . But sitting in the garden was a handmade cross with the words `` An unknown British soldier '' penciled in . The then-dean of Westminster , Herbert Ryle , got a letter from Railton four years later , suggesting those killed in the war -- and whose bodies were never found -- should be remembered .
Great idea , right ? The dean must have thought so , too , because that same year , the bodies of four unknown British servicemen were exhumed from four different battlegrounds before being taken to a chapel at St. Pol on Nov. 7 , 1920 . The general officer in charge of troops in France and Flanders , Brigadier Gen. L.J . Wyatt , and Col. Gell , went into the chapel alone and hand-picked one of those officers before placing him in a plain coffin and sealing it . The other bodies were reburied .
[ MORE : Find all things royal HERE | How to throw the ultimate royal wedding watch-party | What was on menu at previous royal weddings ? | Quiz : Meghan Markle and her majesty -- are they really that different ? ]
The soldier 's coffin was taken by train to Victoria Station in London , where , on a gun carriage drawn by six black horses , it began its journey down crowd-lined streets to the Nave at Westminster Abbey .
The body was buried on Nov. 11 , 1920 , with -- get this -- soil from France that King George V himself was sprinkling over the coffin as it was being lowered into the ground . Then , the grave was filled with 100 sandbags of earth from WWI battlefields .
A year later , the grave was covered by a slab of black Belgian marble from a quarry near Namur , with an inscription Ryle had composed .
In the week after being laid to rest , it is said that more than 1.2 million people visited that unknown warrior 's grave . Did you know that today it is still one of the most visited grave sites in the world ?
Since Lady Elizabeth put her wedding bouquet on the grave in 1923 as a mark of respect , so have all royal brides married in the Abbey since , including , most recently , the Duchess of Cambridge , Catherine `` Kate '' Middleton .
Although Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have chosen to marry at St. George 's Chapel at Windsor , it is expected that Markle will send her bouquet to the grave of the Unknown Warrior , just as Sophie Rhys-Jones , who married Prince Edward at St. George 's Chapel in 1999 , did .
Graham Media Group 2018
THE CANADIAN PRESS
OTTAWA -- The federal Conservatives say if the Liberals are willing to put up billions of dollars to save the Trans Mountain pipeline to the West Coast , they should be willing to provide the same level of certainty to revive the Energy East line to the East Coast .
Opposition parties are sharpening their attacks on the government 's decision to buy Trans Mountain for $ 4.5 billion to ensure it gets built , with the Conservatives looking to see how far the government is willing to go on other pipelines and the NDP arguing the Liberals have completely abandoned their environmental principles .
Conservative MP Lisa Raitt says the government seems to take for granted the 32 seats it won in Atlantic Canada in the last election , since it is willing to give certainty to Trans Mountain but did n't step in to save Energy East when TransCanada pulled the plug on that project last fall .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says Energy East is `` old news '' and the Conservatives are just embarrassed that they could n't get pipelines built when they were in government .
NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh in the meantime says he understands the frustration of those who are planning to protest hard against the Trans Mountain pipeline and while he condemns any violence , he will not instruct his caucus or anyone else on what limits should be placed on protesters breaking the law to stand up for what they believe in .
Singh says there is a long tradition of non-violent civil disobedience in Canada and he will not condemn people who use protests to express their frustration and anger .
The former army corporal accused of raping an Ottawa woman at knifepoint took the stand in his own defence on Wednesday , admitting that he hit her , waved a knife at her , threatened to kill her , grabbed her by the throat and threw her down on the bed .
But James Stewart , 38 , maintained the sex that followed was consensual .
Stewart testified that seconds after he had her by the throat , he suggested they have sex and she agreed .
But as Assistant Crown Attorney Stephen Donoghue noted in cross-examination , the former army geomatics technician appeared to have told a different story to police back on June 4 , 2016 , a day after the alleged sex attack .
In the police interview , Stewart makes it sound like it was the woman 's idea to have sex .
“ We fought , and then all of a sudden it was like a switch ( and then she said ) , ‘ You know what ? Let 's have sex , ' and she starts ripping off her clothes .
“ So I 'm like sure , of course . I 'm going to have sex . This is awesome ! ” Stewart told the detective .
Stewart was n't a stranger to the woman . Before the alleged attack , she had known him for about a year . A publication ban shields the woman 's identity .
Though Stewart made key admissions under cross-examination Wednesday , it took some prodding .
At first he said he did n't think he was squeezing her throat , then he said he must have been because he had her by the throat and used enough force to throw her down on the bed .
He initially said he was n't waving the knife , but rather holding it . Then he said the bloody scrape on her neck was likely caused by his fingernail when he grabbed her by the throat .
Then he said it could have been from the knife that he waved closely to her neck .
He was also reluctant to own up to the death threats , saying only that they could be “ perceived ” as death threats , but then admitted them .
“ You did n't really intend to kill her friends and family ? ” Donoghue asked .
“ Absolutely not , ” Stewart replied .
The woman tells a wildly different story about what happened .
She took the stand earlier this week and testified that the former army corporal terrorized her at knifepoint , pressing the blade against her naked body , explaining how easy it would be to disfigure her so that no other man would want her .
She said he threatened to slit her dog 's throat in front of her , said he 'd kill her mom and her friend 's children , and said he 'd cut off her breasts and cauterize the wounds with a frying pan .
“ It was terrifying , ” the woman , in tears , told court .
In testimony that silenced the court , the woman testified that in June 2016 Stewart begged her to share a bed with him and billed it as a “ dying man 's request ” and said the least she could do was show him “ compassion . ”
“ I ended up on the bed . He was on top of me , pulling at my hair . He said if I wanted to know what abuse was , he was going to show me , ” she testified .
He strangled her and punched her in the face , and said her rejection meant that , “ You are spitting in God 's face because he was God 's gift to me . ”
“ I was crying . … I was absolutely terrified . He had both hands on my neck and I could n't breathe . ”
She said she complied , out of fear , with his demands to undress .
The woman told court that she was raped a second time at knifepoint , and while it was the last role she wanted to play , she played the part as best she could , and strictly out of fear .
Minutes after he allegedly raped her a second time , the woman agreed to have breakfast with her accused rapist , and played a game of cribbage with him .
“ I believed he would make good on his threats . … I did what I was told , ” the woman told court .
Michael Spratt , the accused rapist 's lawyer , tried to establish that the alleged victim 's memory was fuzzy and that the sex was actually consensual .
The rape complainant held her ground and admitted that the little details are cloudy , but the bigger details are “ very clear . ”
The woman went to work after the alleged attack and was found on the floor in the bathroom by a colleague . She was found in the fetal position , rocking back and forth , court heard .
She was sobbing and needed to be carried out of the bathroom .
“ She was trembling , ” the co-worker testified on Monday .
Her boss called police and Stewart was later interviewed , then charged with uttering threat , assault , sexual assault and sexual assault with a weapon .
Stewart was released from the military in July 2017 , about a year after an Ottawa woman told police that he had raped her at knifepoint .
gdimmock @ postmedia.com
www.twitter.com/crimegarden
Do n't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience ! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil . ( You 'll be giving us a present too ! )
Get the best political cartoons delivered to your inbox with our free daily cartoon newsletter . Sign up here .
Police escort Cuban suspect Raul Gutierrez to court where a judge will rule on prosecutorsâ€™ request he is held on terrorism and conspiracy charges in Bogota , Colombia , Thursday , March 15 , 2018 . Gutierrez is suspected of plotting to kill American diplomats in the name of the Islamic State . ( AP Photo/Fernando Vergara )
Police escort Cuban suspect Raul Gutierrez to court where a judge will rule on prosecutorsâ€™ request he is held on terrorism and conspiracy charges in Bogota , Colombia , Thursday , March 15 , 2018 . Gutierrez is suspected of plotting to kill American diplomats in the name of the Islamic State . ( AP Photo/Fernando Vergara )
MADRID ( AP ) - Spanish police say the man suspected of plotting an ISIS-inspired attack in Colombia appeared on their radar for hate-filled messages online toward the United States , a country where he had lived and was allegedly trying to get to .
A Colombian judge jailed Raul Gutierrez last week on terrorism and conspiracy charges after the 45-year-old Cuban man had allegedly discussed his plans to attack a cafeteria in central Bogota popular with U.S. diplomats using homemade explosives .
On Telegram , an app for mobile and desktop computers that encrypts online exchanges , Gutierrez said that he would commit a suicide attack in the name of God and the Islamic state , police said .
The attack was initially planned for March 6 but was later rescheduled for March 13 , according to two Spanish agents who identified the alleged plot .
In order to carry out the plan , Gutierrez had sought work as a dishwasher in a coffee shop located in Bogota 's `` pink district , '' they said .
Gutierrez was arrested on March 12 by the Colombian police . The FBI was also part of the joint operation that , according to Spain 's police , `` successfully neutralized a real and imminent threat against civilians . ''
The investigators , who requested anonymity for security reasons , monitor online extremist activities in the general information office of the Spanish National Police .
They told The Associated Press that Gutierrez 's animosity for the U.S. caught their attention during an intercepted conversation with other suspects .
`` We tried to see where the seeds of that hate where rooted and to discover if those disparaging remarks disguised any other ideology , '' one of the investigators told the AP . `` That 's when we came across his radicalization in an extreme form of Islam . ''
In over one month of communications , Gutierrez revealed himself as `` highly radicalized , '' one of the agents said , adding that he allegedly adopted clothing and styles similar to militants in radical groups . Police said that he also added the word `` jihadist '' to his social media handle .
Because the case is open and more arrests could be in the pipeline , the investigators said they could n't confirm additional reports . But they suspected that Gutierrez 's connections could extend all the way to territories in the Middle East controlled by the so-called Islamic State .
At a hearing last week in the western Colombian city of Pereira , the suspect said he had lived in the U.S. but is now fighting against American dominance in the `` new world order '' because `` they are thieves and conquerors and killers . ''
Gutierrez , who had been expelled from Colombia twice before and was allegedly attempting to return to the U.S. , also told reporters that despite his arrest the `` seed has been planted . ''
`` He meant that he might not be free to carry out an attack but others are , '' one of the Spanish investigators said . `` That 's why we need to be vigilant . ''
The Canadian Press
MONCTON , N.B . -- A New Brunswick patient died after overdosing on a muscle relaxant because of a drugstore 's prescription error , according to a new ruling reprimanding a Moncton pharmacist .
Peter Ford was ordered to pay $ 13,000 after the patient was given medication containing five times the labelled concentration of baclofen .
A New Brunswick College of Pharmacists ruling says the unidentified patient was a resident of a long-term care home .
`` The coroner implicated baclofen overdose as a contributing factor in the death of the patient , '' said the ruling this week from the college 's complaints committee .
`` This error was the result of a lack of safety systems rather than attributable to a single member of the pharmacy team . ''
The drug had been administered for a week in doses of 10 mg/ml , rather than the labelled 2 mg/ml , before a nurse realized the baclofen suspension appeared different than usual .
The ruling said Ford 's Pharmacy had no training or policy to double-check dosage , and was not recording drug error near-misses , so the college was unable to tell if there had been similar problems previously .
The college gave the pharmacy tools to document errors and near-misses , but said staff used them less over time .
`` The complaints committee considered Dr. Ford 's initial laxity in managing quality assurance measures and subsequent inaction to address them to be an abrogation of responsibility to patient wellbeing and therefore reprimands him , '' said the committee 's ruling .
`` Dr. Ford has important responsibilities to ensure the safe and effective practices within that environment . ''
The college said it will `` intensively monitor '' the pharmacy to ensure improvements are made .
It added the complainant who brought the case to the college `` expressed satisfaction '' with the ruling and hopes it helps prevent future errors .
Ford was fined $ 5,000 , and ordered to pay another $ 8,000 in costs .
With tense trade disputes between Washington and Beijing showing no sign of ceasing , the Chinese Foreign Minister urged the US side to abandon the mindset of the `` cold war and the outdated concept of risky activity . ''
The China Daily has quoted a number of Chinese experts as saying that Washington 's decision to slap new tariffs on imports will most likely ride roughshod over the global trading system .
`` It is a harmful stance for the US , because its businesses and consumers will suffer eventually . But given the amount of trade friction , the global trading system will be jeopardized if no compromise is reached , '' Lyu Xiang of the Beijing-based Institute of World Economics and Politics , pointed out .
READ MORE : China to Go Ahead With Silk Road Amid Trade Row With US — Analyst
He was echoed by Li Yong , a senior fellow with the China Association of International Trade , who expressed regret about the US government `` going against its commitments to the World Trade Organization and now threatening the world over trade . ''
According to him , Washington 's tariff-activity will almost certainly cause `` the wrath of people '' all across the world .
`` Every country harbors aspirations to develop its own economy , but such aspirations should never be built on the basis of destroying the international order or harming the interests of other countries , '' Li emphasized .
READ MORE : Revenge on US Business Amid Trade War Not on China 's Agenda — Reports
The Chinese experts ' remarks came after the US Chamber of Commerce warned of far-reaching consequences of Washington 's push for introducing more tariffs .
`` New tariffs on steel , aluminum and Chinese imports , as well as the potential for additional tariffs on autos and auto parts , have pushed us to the brink of a global trade war , '' the chamber stressed .
On Tuesday , the Chinese Foreign Ministry called on the US to stop putting pressure on Chinese companies and put more effort into building mutual trust .
READ MORE : US Aims to Drive Foreign Investments Out of China Through Trade War — Analysts
© AP Photo / Saul Loeb How US-China Dispute May Turn Into Trade War With No End in Sight
In May , the US proposed tariffs on $ 50 billion worth of Chinese goods under an intellectual property probe . China pledged to slap its own retaliatory tariffs on US goods , including soybeans and aircraft , if the US duties are imposed .
A threat of a full-fledged trade war emerged after the US imposed a 25 percent tariff on steel imports and a 10 percent tariff on aluminum imports in March .
Commenting on the US decision , Beijing urged Washington to avoid excessive use of protectionist trade measures , with China Iron and Steel Association calling the US import tariff policy `` foolish protectionist measures . ''
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — The Bucks say the knee surgery on forward Jabari Parker was success and he is expected back in approximately 12 months .
Parker suffered a season-ending left knee injury for the second time in three years on Feb. 8 during a home loss to Miami . The surgery performed Tuesday was to repair his ACL .
Parker will miss the remainder of the season with the recovery and rehabilitation period estimated at 12 months .
Parker was averaging a career-high 20.1 points and 6.2 rebounds as one of the Bucks ' franchise cornerstones and the team 's second-leading scorer . An injury to the same ACL in December 2014 knocked Parker out of his rookie season after 25 games .
Janet Jackson is thanking fans for their support after the death of her father , Joe Jackson .
The singer , 52 , posted a video message to Instagram on Wednesday as she got ready to head back out on her State of the World Tour . Her message came days after her father was laid to rest in a private ceremony and funeral at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California .
“ Hey you guys , it 's been a pretty rough week , ” Janet said in the clip , referencing her father Joe — who died at the age of 89 from pancreatic cancer on June 27 .
“ But we 're excited . I 'm excited , ” Janet continued . “ We can not wait to see you . It 's been way too long . I miss you guys way too much . I 'm about to jump on this plane and start this tour . Like I said , I ca n't wait to see you . I love you , I 'll see you soon . ”
“ Thank u for all your love and support . Means so much to me during this time , ” she added in the post 's caption .
RELATED : The Man They Were n't Allowed to Call ‘ Dad ' : Inside Michael and Janet Jackson 's Complicated Relationship with Father Joe
On Tuesday , Janet shared an old photo of she and Joe , which she captioned with a purple heart .
While her post was loving , the mother/father duo had a complicated relationship throughout Joe 's life .
The Jackson family patriarch was responsible for fostering the careers of Janet and her siblings ( music superstars The Jackson 5 and Michael Jackson ) . But the late manager and father of 11 did so through tough love , which often left his children struggling to connect with him .
Joe and Janet Jackson Jim Smeal/WireImage
“ He 's very tough… ” Janet told Piers Morgan during an intimate chat for his now-canceled CNN talk show in 2011 .
“ When my brother Randy and I came along , I think my parents got pretty tired , ” she explained . “ Having nine kids and raising these children , my other brothers and sisters would say , ‘ You guys have it so easy . ' My parents were a lot more lenient with us . I thought I had it very strict . ”
Janet felt the physical wrath of Joe only once . “ I was very young , I remember being younger than 8 , ” she recalled . “ I ca n't remember what it was that I did . I ca n't remember if I truly deserved it . … My father never touched me aside from that time . ”
Joe and Janet Jackson in 1972 Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images
Despite everything , Janet understood the ways Joe helped her succeed .
“ He has his issues , his things , and the way that he was brought up . He 's set in his ways . I think he did the best that he could , ” Janet said . “ I think he did a wonderful job with us , the outcome . But the way he went about it , I do n't know if I agree with that . But we turned out okay . ”
“ My father means well , ” she continued . “ I think he means well and wants nothing but the best for his kids . I just think the way he went about certain things was n't the best way . But it got the job done . And that 's because of maybe how he was raised , doing what he thought was best . Not knowing any better . ”
Janet and Joe Jackson Steve Granitz/WireImage ; Rodin Eckenroth/Getty Images
And while Janet said she did n't speak to Joe much before his death , she did praise him in late June when she was honored at the 2018 Radio Disney Music Awards in Hollywood , California .
“ My mother nourished me with the most extravagant love imaginable , my father — my incredible father – drove me to be the best that I can , ” Janet said while accepting the Impact Award . “ My siblings set an incredibly high standard for artistic excellence… Sometimes , having an impact can be as simple as a smile , a handshake , or a hug . ”
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
“ It 's beautiful , it 's humbling to be recognized as someone that has had a positive impact , but if I have been fortunate enough to impact others it is only because I , myself , have been greatly impacted by positive people in my life , ” Janet added .
Janet 's State of the World Tour resumes July 11 at the Austin360 Amphitheater in Austin , Texas . Before that , Janet will play the 2018 Essence Festival in New Orleans , Louisiana on Sunday .
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — Victor Oladipo had a career-high 47 points and added seven rebounds and six assists in the Indiana Pacers ' 126-116 overtime victory over the Denver Nuggets on Sunday .
The Pacers used an 8-0 scoring run , capped by Thad Young 's putback with 5 seconds left in regulation , to tie it . Then , Indiana got the first nine points in overtime to secure its fourth straight victory , outscoring the Nuggets 12-2 in the extra period .
Myles Turner added 24 points and eight rebounds , and Lance Stephenson had 12 points , six rebounds and six assists for the Pacers . Oladipo made six 3-pointers , with the biggest coming with 2:10 to play in the third quarter to give Indiana its first lead of the game .
Trey Lyles led the Nuggets with a career-high 25 points .
CELTICS 91 , PISTONS 81
DETROIT ( AP ) — Al Horford had 18 points , Kyrie Irving added 16 and Boston beat Detroit to get revenge for a rare loss .
The Eastern Conference-leading Celtics bounced back from a loss Friday night at San Antonio , extending their feat of losing consecutive games only once this season .
The Pistons , meanwhile , have lost six straight for the first time since late in the 2014-15 season .
Boston shut down the Pistons after giving up a season-high 118 points to them in a loss at home last month . The Celtics held Detroit to a season low in points and forced it to miss two-thirds of its shots .
Boston 's Jaylen Brown scored 12 points , reserve Marcus Smart had 12 and smooth-shooting rookie Jayson Tatum 11 . Tatum made a 3-pointer late in the game to help hold off a potential comeback .
Tobias Harris had 19 for Detroit .
RAPTORS 102 , KINGS 87
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) — DeMar DeRozan scored 13 of his 25 points in the third quarter and Toronto Raptors held off Sacramento for its sixth straight victory .
Kyle Lowry added 15 points , 12 rebounds and six assists on an off-night shooting , Serge Ibaka scored 20 points , and C.J . Miles had 11 for the Raptors . They won for the first time in Sacramento since 2014 .
DeRozan shot 9 of 15 and was 7 of 11 on free throws while going over the 12,000-point mark for his career . He went into the day six points shy of the milestone .
Zach Randolph had 19 points and 11 rebounds for the Kings .
TIMBERWOLVES 97 , MAVERICKS 92
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — Karl-Anthony Towns had 28 points , Jimmy Butler scored 10 of his 22 in the fourth quarter and Minnesota beat Dallas .
Towns added 12 rebounds , including four on the offensive end , for his NBA-leading 21st double-double of the season . Minnesota committed 18 turnovers but hit four free throws at the end to pull away in a game in which no team led by more than six points .
Harrison Barnes scored 19 and Maxi Kleber tied a career high with 16 points for Dallas .
PELICANS 131 , 76ERS 124
NEW ORLEANS ( AP ) — Jrue Holiday scored 19 of his 34 points in the fourth quarter and New Orleans overcame an eight-point deficit in the final period to beat Philadelphia .
Anthony Davis added 29 points and DeMarcus Cousins 23 for New Orleans , which looked out-of-synch in the third quarter and in danger of dropping a second straight at home before Holiday took over .
Rajon Rondo , who sat out the Pelicans ' surprising collapse against Sacramento on Friday night , returned with 13 points and 18 assists .
Philadelphia 's Ben Simmons , who played one season at LSU before being selected first overall in the 2016 draft , had 27 points and 10 rebounds . J.J. Redick had 28 points .
KNICKS 111 , HAWKS 107
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Kristaps Porzingis scored 30 points , Doug McDermott added 23 and New York beat Atlanta .
One night after losing to the NBA-worst Chicago Bulls on the road , New York managed to hold off a fourth-quarter rally by the Hawks , who have the second-worst record in the league .
Dennis Schroder had 21 points and Ilyasova added 20 for the Hawks .
___
For more NBA coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma 's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest Pause
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
0:51 Marvin Williams : Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:36 Treasury Secretary Mnuchin announces Venezuela sanctions
0:51 Trump administration eases Russian sanctions to allow U.S. tech exports
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
LINCOLN , Neb . ( AP ) _ Nebraska lawmakers have confirmed a new superintendent for the State Patrol despite some reservations about recent problems in the agency .
Senators voted 37-0 on Friday in favor of Col. John Bolduc , who was appointed by Gov . Pete Ricketts and sworn in for the job on Oct. 16 .
Some senators raised concerns that they still do n't have detailed answers about why Bolduc 's predecessor , former Col. Brad Rice , was abruptly fired in June . Bolduc has promised to overhaul the agency and ensure all patrol members are accountable to the public .
Rice 's termination came after news surfaced that the agency had mishandled internal investigations and did n't properly respond to possible misconduct against female recruits by a patrol doctor .
Rice was chosen following a national search for a replacement .
The New York Times ' Thomas Friedman argued in his most recent column that the day President Trump won the election should be a date that lives in infamy , not unlike Dec. 7 , 1941 , when more than 2,400 Americans were killed at Pearl Harbor , or Sept. 11 , 2001 , when terrorist attacks left nearly 3,000 dead :
We need to rerun the tape . Ladies and gentlemen , we were attacked on Dec. 7 , 1941 , we were attacked on Sept. 11 , 2001 , and we were attacked on Nov. 8 , 2016 . That most recent attack did n't involve a horrible loss of lives , but it was devastating in its own way . Our entire intelligence community concluded that Russia hacked our election by deliberately breaking into Democratic National Committee computers and then drip-by-drip funneling embarrassing emails through WikiLeaks to undermine Clinton 's campaign . And what have we done about it ? Other than a wrist slap against Moscow , we 've moved on . That is not okay . [ The New York Times ]
What America needs to do now , as was done in both previous incidents , is to ask questions and demand answers , Friedman writes . At this point , it 's not clear `` whether Russian oligarchs own [ Trump ] financially or whether Russian spies own him personally because of alleged indiscreet behavior during his trips to Moscow '' — but Americans `` need to know , '' Friedman says .
He implores Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) to consider what they would do if the tables were turned , and the `` CIA , NSA , and FBI had concluded that the Russians had intervened to help Hillary Clinton get elected . '' If that were the case , Friedman writes , `` you would have closed the government and demanded a new election . '' `` Now it 's all okay ? '' Friedman asks . `` So you can get some tax cuts ? ''
Read the rest of what Friedman has to say about Trump and Russia over at The New York Times . Becca Stanek
Hello there ,
Welcome back and thanks for joining us for today 's game away at Yeovil Town . The U 's will be looking to bounce back after a disappointing evening on Tuesday where a mixture of poor refereeing and a ropey first half performance cost them the points .
Indeed the U 's could do with winning this one generally , considering they have n't picked up three points away from CB5 since September last year .
They are a bit low on numbers again with a total of seven players unavailable for the game , meaning it 'll be a pretty similar squad to the one that travelled to Coventry .
But , with the window now closed , it 's time to focus on the football and putting in consistent performances .
So join us from two for all the build-up , action and reaction to this one .
Los Angeles label Ragdoll carved a niche for itself when founder Lisa Larson started her line as a direct-to-consumer , online business selling essentials for the European cool girl.Today the four-year-old brand has a store on 3rd Street and is eyeing another , continues on a growth trajectory that saw a 40 percent rise in revenue from the prior year and has largely built a business via a stable of loyal influencers and immediates.Ragdoll began working with Nordstrom earlier this year and is now in 10 of the retailer 's doors along with its online shop . Although Larson set out to build a direct-to-consumer business , she expanded into wholesale about a month in after being approached by retailers such as Fred Segal and Satine . The line 's wholesale business totals about 300 accounts. “ Our customer is quite a broad age group , ” Larson said . “ We have a younger , trendier girl , but we also have an older , more sophisticated woman who likes to look chic and be trendy but not too trendy . I definitely design for myself first and foremost because I 've always been into basics . Before I started my line , I would get more excited if I found a great sweater than a crazy skirt to go out in at night . That was my idea — to make a good , essentials line for the cool , European girl who likes to wear Acne and Isabel Marant. ” With the industry 's shift to immediates and the concept of see-now-buy-now , Larson said she was prepared , having already pivoted to that model nearly from the business ' start . She was at first met with skepticism by some buyers before it more recently began to take hold. “ This concept took quite a while for some [ buyers ] to understand , but this is really how fashion works and gives Lisa the opportunity to put trends on the map as they develop , ” said Ragdoll chief operating officer Nadine Bloemer . “ She has a really strong sense with color , cut and style evolving. ” “ You want it now and it 's all over Instagram and influencers are wearing it , ” Larson said . “ The consumer does n't want to see it and wait six months for it . It 's a slow change because it 's not going to happen overnight and , for us , we can see every year that it 's easier and that buyers get it . In the beginning , a few of our buyers were hesitant , but for every season that goes by we feel we have an advantage. ” About two-and-a-half years ago Larson was scouting real estate for a studio and office and ended up finding a space to work that also doubled as a store on Third Street.The month she opened the store , she saw online sales double , proving the point that people will confidently buy from a brand online if they know it has a physical presence , Larson said.Last year , Ragdoll tried its hand at a five-month pop-up on Bleecker Street and would have stayed longer were it not for the start of construction on the building it was housed in . The company is still looking at other options in New York , Larson said , and is also now mulling an additional Los Angeles location on the west side for next year . The value of the stores , Bloemer said , is in the instant feedback the company gets from customers , likening it to a “ test drive ” with influencers — who the company gifts , but never pays — popping in quite frequently. “ A big part that has made our company grow the way that is has is our ambassadors wearing Ragdoll , ” Larson said . “ With the world we 're living in with Instagram , it 's been super helpful for our growth. ” For More West Coast News in WWD : Joe 's Jeans Aims to Crack Fit Code With New TechWestfield 's Peter Lowy on Building a Portfolio of FlagshipsAmazon Books Arrives at Westfield CenturyCityTag Heuer Enlists Ron Johnson 's Enjoy for New Service
By Jose M. Romero
GLENDALE , Ariz. ( AP ) — Asked about players who did not stand for the national anthem before preseason games , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Monday that while the playing of the anthem is a special moment to him , “ we also have to understand the other side . ”
Goodell made the comments at University of Phoenix Stadium during a 45-minute question-and-answer period with Arizona Cardinals club seat holders . One season ticket-holder , Bruce Olson , asked the commissioner whether players were going to continue to protest during the anthem and if anything could be done about it .
“ It 's one of those things where I think we have to understand that there are people that have different viewpoints , ” Goodell said . “ The national anthem is a special moment to me . It 's a point of pride . But we also have to understand the other side , that people do have rights and we want to respect those . ”
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett sat on the visiting bench during the anthem before the preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday , a decision he made before weekend protests by white supremacists in Charlottesville , Virginia . Bennett has said that the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable . In the process , he hopes to spur greater communication , understanding and involvement across racial , gender and socio-economic lines .
Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a cooler during the anthem Saturday night on the field at University of Phoenix Stadium . Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised a fist before his team 's game .
The fact that former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is still looking for a team to play for after his kneel-down protests last season is also still a hot topic .
Goodell , without mentioning any of the players , said other players are taking the platform they have into local communities to create dialogue toward positive change .
“ Protest to progress is what I call it , and we all have to recognize that if we want to see change , let 's go out and try to make that change happen in a peaceful and important way , ” Goodell said .
Olson , who described himself as a season-ticket holder “ since Day 1 , ” said the commissioner “ beat around the bush ” on the issue . He said he 'd like Goodell to take a tougher stance .
“ The thing is , all he ( Lynch ) has to do is stand up for two minutes and he can still have whatever beliefs he wants . Go with what looks good for the game and to the people , ” Olson said . “ He ( Goodell ) makes rules and , ‘ You do this , you do that , ' why ca n't he just say ‘ You stand up . You can believe what you want or do what you want . Just stand up like a man . ' ”
Goodell also addressed other issues :
— On starting the season with a major star suspended , as is the case with Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott , who is out for six games after the league investigated accusations of domestic violence against him : “ You never like to see that happen . That 's not something good . Those things are dictated by circumstances . We do everything we can to make sure we 're enforcing our policies and holding the standards to the highest level . That 's an unfortunate part of that , but that 's what you do . ”
— On the rule change that will allow players more freedom to celebrate big plays : “ They ( players ) were a driving force behind our changes in the celebration rule . They 've been very impactful in the way we think about different aspects of our game and our experience in what we need to do . ”
— On concussions , when a fan asked him about safety for his 10-year-old son : “ The most important thing is to get the right facts , and we 've put all our facts out there . We want a greater awareness . . The reality is nowadays we 're so much smarter about the brain and injuries , and we have so much further to go . ”
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
PHILADELPHIA — Pennsylvania 's highest court on Tuesday ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions , following a five-month campaign by his supporters to get him out .
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail , though it was n't immediately clear how soon he would get out .
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for probation violations .
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed , leveling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited him in jail outside Philadelphia , including actor Kevin Hart just hours before the Supreme Court ruling .
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been “ a nightmare , ” and thanked his many supporters and visitors , who included Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft .
“ Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues , ” Mill said .
He said he would now focus his attention on getting his convictions overturned , and that he looks forward to resuming his music career .
Earlier this month , in a major victory for Mill , prosecutors said they agreed with his lawyers that he should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer . The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor 's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions .
Sign up for Newsday 's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs , TV and more . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
A spokesman for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court 's decision on Meek Mill 's release was consistent with the position taken by their office .
Mill 's attorney , Joe Tacopina , thanked the high court .
“ Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail , ” Tacopina said .
In an opinion earlier this month , Judge Genece Brinkley who sent Mill to prison for probation violations strongly defended herself against accusations by the defense she was waging a vendetta against Mill . She said the court “ has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008 . ”
click to enlarge Ruta Elvikyte
The Nathansons are vacating their brick and mortar due to issues with the building .
After two and half years , we decided to leave 2 Carlson Court . The Southern will continue representing artists and presenting thoughtful and current exhibitions , but we will be without a brick and mortar until we find a comparable space . The decision to leave 2 Carlson Court is an extremely hard and disappointing one due to the amount of blood , sweat , and financial commitment that has gone into the remodeling and sustaining of the space . The building is uninhabitable because the Landlord/Owner lacked a water and sewer easement for delivery of essential services and accessibility has changed significantly over the past two years due to construction on three sides of the building .
This morning The Southern Gallery owners , Erin and Justin Nathanson , announced that they will be vacating 2 Carlson Court where their brick-and-mortar contemporary art gallery was located for two years . In a statement The Southern owners say : In the statement the Nathansons allege that issues with the building , including those created by construction on three sides of the gallery , led to the decision to close the gallery 's brick and mortar space.In the two and a half years since opening , The Southern has hosted a number of exhibits featuring contemporary local and regional artists , small works shows , and live music and fashion shows . Last year the Nathansons also started a conversation about the way artists are treated , with a manifesto that called , well , bullshit , on 100 percent artwork donations for charity auctions.We covered the manifesto , and other artists ' thoughts on the topic in our cover story The Exposure Myth , in which Erin told , `` Artists have zero guarantees , especially visual artists . ... We need to break away from that idea that visual art is free . `` In 2016 Nathanson talked toabout the opening of the gallery , saying , “ There needs to be a commercial space that can support contemporary works that want to talk about things. ” In addition to the importance of a physical space , Erin also talked about the general need for a `` web '' of creatives in the Lowcountry , “ And that 's something we want to do , to create a web of curators and gallerists across the southeast who all have the same vision , as well as the knowledge that there are some great things being created in the south . ''
Each of the 2 million people expected to watch Wednesday night 's Independence Day fireworks from official viewing spots must be scrutinized by police officers , then pass through a checkpoint of cops ' radiation detectors , bomb-sniffing dogs and a “ long-gun team , ” the NYPD 's counterterrorism chief James Waters said .
Thousands of extra NYPD officers are working to secure the Macy 's 4th of July Fireworks Show , which begins about 9 p.m. as pyrotechnics are launched from barges in the East River separating Manhattan from Queens and Brooklyn , Police Commissioner James O'Neill said Wednesday afternoon on Randalls Island at an NYPD counterterrorism outpost .
The NYPD has estimated that there will be about 2 million spectators and 6,000 cops .
O'Neill said officers will be on the lookout for pickpockets , terrorists and others looking to disrupt the celebration of America 's declaration of independence from British colonial rulers .
“ If you come down to the show and you see something that 's making you uncomfortable , ” O'Neill said , “ not only should you flag down a cop or make a 911 call , I think you have an obligation to do that . ”
New this year , O'Neill said , cops have adapted tactics to avert a crowd attack similar to the Las Vegas shooting on Oct. 1 , 2017 , when a gunman opened fire from a tall building on a gathering of concertgoers , leaving 58 people dead and more than 500 injured before he committed suicide .
“ We have to worry from on up high , ” O'Neill said .
He said the police are also cognizant of strategies to avoid a terrorist truck attack like the one in 2016 in the French seaside resort of Nice , when a truck mowed down pedestrians during a Bastille Day celebration and killed 86 people . Since the Nice attack , the police have increased the number of sand-filled trucks to prevent drivers from plowing into crowds .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Asked about his message to would-be terrorists , O'Neill said , “ This is not the place to be . This is going to be the most well-protected piece of real estate in the United States . ”
He said there would also be extra cops patrolling elsewhere in the city , including the subways .
There are four spectator access points on Manhattan 's East Side : FDR Drive-Houston Street , 23rd , 34th and 42nd streets — in addition to spots in Brooklyn , such as at Brooklyn Bridge Park , Domino Park and the Promenade ; and in Queens , at Gantry Plaza State Park and Hunters Point South Park .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Alex Ovechkin scored twice , helping the Washington Capitals eliminate the Columbus Blue Jackets from the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs .
`` Ovi '' scored both of his goals in the second period of the Capitals ' 6-3 Game 6 win in the first round of Eastern Conference play Monday at Nationwide Arena in Columbus , Ohio .
The Capitals went ahead 1-0 at 12:12 in the first frame after Dmitry Orlov beat Sergei Bobrovsky between the pipes . Nick Foligno tied the score 8:40 into the second period , beating Braden Holtby .
Then `` Alexander the Great '' got going .
The three-time Hart Memorial Trophy winner scored his fourth goal of the playoffs after corralling a Brooks Orpik laser , which rebounded off of Bobrovsky in front of the Blue Jackets ' net . Ovechkin buried the ricochet at the 12:50 mark . He returned to torture the Blue Jackets ' net minder about six minutes later .
That time , Ovechkin was the third point of a terrifying offensive triangle for the Capitals . Center Evgeny Kuznetsov took the puck on the right side of the net , before firing it central to John Carlson . The defenseman then sent the puck to his left , finding Ovechkin for a one-timer .
The rip beat Bobrovsky and gave the Caps a 3-1 advantage .
`` The rhythm was there , I just hit the puck , '' Ovechkin told reporters . `` I think Bob was in the net . I got lucky , you know ? It 's kind of a typical playoff goal . You have to stay in the net because you never know what 's going to happen out there . ''
Columbus cut into the deficit 2:25 into the third period , getting a score from Pierre-Luc Dubois . But the Capitals increased the lead to 5-2 after goals from Devante Smith-Pelly and Chandler Stephenson .
Foligno scored his second of the game at the 8:22 mark , but Lars Eller slid in an empty-netter to end the game and make the score final .
The Capitals battle the Pittsburgh Penguins in the second round of the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs . The winner of that series faces the Tampa Bay Lightning , Boston Bruins or Toronto Maple Leafs for a right to go to the Stanley Cup Finals .
`` It 's all about team , '' Ovechkin said . `` We 've been struggling in the second round . We just have to believe in each other , do n't look what has happened in previous years . It 's this year . It 's a new season and new series . ''
SEATTLE - Researchers at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center have developed biodegradable nanoparticles that can be used to genetically program immune cells to recognize and destroy cancer cells -- while the immune cells are still inside the body .
In a proof-of-principle study to be published April 17 in Nature Nanotechnology , the team showed that nanoparticle-programmed immune cells , known as T cells , can rapidly clear or slow the progression of leukemia in a mouse model .
`` Our technology is the first that we know of to quickly program tumor-recognizing capabilities into T cells without extracting them for laboratory manipulation , '' said Fred Hutch 's Dr. Matthias Stephan , the study 's senior author . `` The reprogrammed cells begin to work within 24 to 48 hours and continue to produce these receptors for weeks . This suggests that our technology has the potential to allow the immune system to quickly mount a strong enough response to destroy cancerous cells before the disease becomes fatal . ''
Cellular immunotherapies have shown promise in clinical trials , but challenges remain to making them more widely available and to being able to deploy them quickly . At present , it typically takes a couple of weeks to prepare these treatments : the T cells must be removed from the patient and genetically engineered and grown in special cell processing facilities before they are infused back into the patient . These new nanoparticles could eliminate the need for such expensive and time consuming steps .
Although his T-cell programming method is still several steps away from the clinic , Stephan imagines a future in which nanoparticles transform cell-based immunotherapies -- whether for cancer or infectious disease -- into an easily administered , off-the-shelf treatment that 's available anywhere .
`` I 've never had cancer , but if I did get a cancer diagnosis I would want to start treatment right away , '' Stephan said . `` I want to make cellular immunotherapy a treatment option the day of diagnosis and have it able to be done in an outpatient setting near where people live . ''
The body as a genetic engineering lab
Stephan created his T-cell homing nanoparticles as a way to bring the power of cellular cancer immunotherapy to more people .
In his method , the laborious , time-consuming T-cell programming steps all take place within the body , creating a potential army of `` serial killers '' within days .
As reported in the new study , Stephan and his team developed biodegradable nanoparticles that turned T cells into CAR T cells , a particular type of cellular immunotherapy that has delivered promising results against leukemia in clinical trials .
The researchers designed the nanoparticles to carry genes that encode for chimeric antigen receptors , or CARs , that target and eliminate cancer . They also tagged the nanoparticles with molecules that make them stick like burrs to T cells , which engulf the nanoparticles . The cell 's internal traffic system then directs the nanoparticle to the nucleus , and it dissolves .
The study provides proof-of-principle that the nanoparticles can educate the immune system to target cancer cells . Stephan and his team designed the new CAR genes to integrate into chromosomes housed in the nucleus , making it possible for T cells to begin decoding the new genes and producing CARs within just one or two days .
Once the team determined that their CAR-carrying nanoparticles reprogrammed a noticeable percent of T cells , they tested their efficacy . Using a preclinical mouse model of leukemia , Stephan and his colleagues compared their nanoparticle-programming strategy against chemotherapy followed by an infusion of T cells programmed in the lab to express CARs , which mimics current CAR-T-cell therapy .
The nanoparticle-programmed CAR-T cells held their own against the infused CAR-T cells . Treatment with nanoparticles or infused CAR-T cells improved survival 58 days on average , up from a median survival of about two weeks .
The study was funded by Fred Hutch 's Immunotherapy Initiative , the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society , the Phi Beta Psi Sorority , the National Science Foundation and the National Cancer Institute .
Next steps and other applications
Stephan 's nanoparticles still have to clear several hurdles before they get close to human trials . He 's pursuing new strategies to make the gene-delivery-and-expression system safe in people and working with companies that have the capacity to produce clinical-grade nanoparticles . Additionally , Stephan has turned his sights to treating solid tumors and is collaborating to this end with several research groups at Fred Hutch .
And , he said , immunotherapy may be just the beginning . In theory , nanoparticles could be modified to serve the needs of patients whose immune systems need a boost , but who can not wait for several months for a conventional vaccine to kick in .
`` We hope that this can be used for infectious diseases like hepatitis or HIV , '' Stephan said . This method may be a way to `` provide patients with receptors they do n't have in their own body , '' he explained . `` You just need a tiny number of programmed T cells to protect against a virus . ''
# # #
At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center , home to three Nobel laureates , interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent , diagnose and treat cancer , HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases . Fred Hutch 's pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy , which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer . An independent , nonprofit research institute based in Seattle , Fred Hutch houses the nation 's first cancer prevention research program , as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women 's Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network . Private contributions are essential for enabling Fred Hutch scientists to explore novel research opportunities that lead to important medical breakthroughs . For more information visit fredhutch.org or follow Fred Hutch on Facebook , Twitter or YouTube .
SRINAGAR , India : Police say a soldier , a counterinsurgency police official and a rebel have been killed in a gunfight in Indian-controlled Kashmir .
Police say the fighting began early Tuesday when militants attacked raiding government forces with gunfire in a forest in the southern Tral area .
Authorities rushed reinforcements of police and soldiers and cordoned off the area .
As news of the fighting spread , anti-India protests and clashes erupted in Tral town . Scores of youths , mainly students , hit roads and pelted stones on patrol parties of police and paramilitary soldiers in solidarity with the rebels .
India and Pakistan each administer part of Kashmir , but both claim it in its entirety .
Rebels have been fighting Indian rule since 1989 , demanding Kashmir be made part of Pakistan or become an independent country.—AP
NEW YORK ( AP ) — DePaul coach Doug Bruno keeps losing players to injury and still is finding ways to win .
The Blue Demons re-entered the AP women 's basketball poll Monday at No . 23 after winning their fourth straight game this weekend . UConn remained the unanimous top choice from the 33-member national media panel . The Huskies , who have won 88 straight games and next play on Wednesday against East Carolina , were followed by Baylor , Maryland , Mississippi State and South Carolina .
DePaul guard Jessica January is the latest one of Bruno 's players to get hurt . She broke her right index finger against Georgetown last Wednesday . She 's the third DePaul starter to go down as Ashton Millender has been dealing with a leg injury that has kept her out since December 15 and junior forward Mart ' e Grays is missing the season with an Achilles injury .
“ We 're re-tooling on the fly , ” said Bruno on Monday afternoon before his team faced Providence . “ Other kids are stepping up . Kelly Campbell , a freshman , has been impactful . Seniors Jacqui Grant and Brooke Schulte have been shouldering a lot of the load . ”
January is a big loss for the Blue Demons as she leads the team in points , assists and steals . She 'll have surgery on Tuesday and is out indefinitely .
“ We have eight league games in 18 days , and we 've already played two of them , ” Bruno said . “ There are another six of them over this two-week period right now . We 'll have the first half of the league done by Jan. 15 . ”
DePaul ( 10-4 ) spent the first six weeks in the polls before falling out . Three of the team 's four losses have come to UConn , Baylor and Notre Dame .
The Irish fell five spots this week to No . 7 after losing at N.C. State on Thursday night .
Florida State was sixth with Louisville , UCLA and Stanford following Notre Dame .
Kansas State also re-entered the poll at No . 25 while Colorado and Syracuse fell out . Kentucky fell seven spots to No . 24 after losing to Duke and Tennessee . The Wildcats did keep alive their 132-week streak of being ranked . That 's the fifth longest active streak and eighth longest all-time .
___
Find the poll online at : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-womens-basketball-poll-week-9
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
PRESS RELEASE NATO Military Buildup In the Baltics Continues Feb. 10 , 2017 ( EIRNS ) —The U.S./NATO military buildup , set into motion under the presidency of Barak Obama , is continuing to run on autopilot . On Feb. 7 , hundreds of German troops were welcomed to Lithuania by Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite . The Germans are to form the core of the NATO battlegroup for Lithuania . On Feb. 10 , they were followed by an armored company of 120 U.S. troops who brought with them ten M1 tanks and five Bradley fighting vehicles . The Baltic states are demanding even more from NATO , however , and are using the Russian Zapad 2017 exercise scheduled for next September as the pretext . `` We see that risks are increasing , and we are worried about the upcoming 'Zapad 2017 ' exercise , which will deploy a very large and aggressive force ( on our borders ) that will very demonstrably be preparing for a war with the West , '' Grybauskaite said after talks with her counterparts from Latvia and Estonia in Riga , according toa report in Reuters . `` This means that we will be talking with NATO about creating additional standing defense plans , about stationing additional military means and about creating a faster decision- making process '' , she said . Reuters added that the three Baltic leaders will be lobbying U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis for additional U.S. troops during the Munich Security Conference on Feb. 17-19 . The Russians , not surprisingly , are responding to the continued NATO buildup . `` The alliance is known to have deployed hundreds of military bases along the rather big perimeter around Russia . The real increase of the number of NATO troops in countries neighboring Russia through permanent rotation of contingents as well as lack of the constructive dialogue with us urge Russia to take serious retaliatory steps , '' Russia 's ambassador to Lithuania , Alexander Udaltsov , told Sputnik , this morning . At the same time , however , he kept open the door to Russian-Lithuanian cooperation on matters of mutual interest . `` Russia , by the way , can cooperate closer with Lithuania in terms of curtailing terrorism threats , promoting safety of the borders . We have such proposals , so it is possible to go ahead with their realization , '' Udaltsov said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov also addressed the NATO buildup , today . `` The ongoing activities of the alliance in the regions adjoining Russian borders are certainly provocative and destabilizing , '' he told Izvestiya in an interview . Lavrov said Russia would shape its response to emerging risks accordingly and `` is taking steps to neutralize potential and real threats . '' `` Russia is a peaceful country . But our peacefulness is based on the capability to ensure the country 's security in any situation . We continue to advocate the soonest deescalation of the military-political situation in Europe , '' he added .
John Bolton is well-known for his harsh stance against Iran and its nuclear deal . He even allegedly helped a group willing to perform an armed coup in Tehran to be removed from terrorist group lists . Now that Trump has announced he will make Bolton his national security adviser , new details of his career continue to emerge .
New appointee to the post of national security adviser John Bolton used to be a chairman at the Gatestone Institute , an advocacy group that published numerous materials warning its readers of the alleged threats of Muslim immigration to Europe and the so-called `` Great White Death , '' which will follow it , reports NBC News . According to it , Bolton held the post from 2013 to March 2018 , when his new appointment was revealed .
READ MORE : US Scholar : Bolton a 'Terrorist-Minded ' Person Trying 'to Get US Into Wars '
Ibrahim Hooper , spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations cited by NBC , claims the advocacy group Bolton was associated with , `` is a key part of the whole Islamaphobic cottage industry on the Internet . '' The group indeed published numerous anti-Muslim papers , such as `` Belgium : First Islamic State in Europe ? '' and `` Sweden : Rape Capital of the West '' demonizing immigrants from the Middle East .
Bolton himself has n't been spotted being Islamophobic , but rather as politician who dislikes Iran in particular . He is a strong opponent of the Iran nuclear deal and a supporter of an Islamist-Marxist group that wants to topple regime in Teheran .
READ MORE : 'Hawk ' of US Foreign Policy : Top-7 Things to Know About John Bolton
Trump announced that he will replace his national security adviser H.R . McMaster with John Bolton on March 23 . It prompted fears on Capitol Hill that Bolton , who is known for his disdain of Iran and North Korea , might ruin the upcoming negotiations with North Korea and push Trump to scrapping the Iran deal without considering all the available options .
An extensive blaze in the Bronx wiped out several businesses Tuesday morning , according to the FDNY , but no one was injured .
The fire , which first broke out just before 5:30 a.m. inside 316 E. 194th St. in the Fordham Manor area of the Bronx , quickly started escalating : It was declared a two-alarm fire about 15 minutes later and eventually declared a five-alarm at about 7:40 a.m .
James Leonard , the FDNY 's chief of department , said the firefighters encountered “ heavy fire conditions , heavy smoke conditions ” at all seven stores at the building when they first arrived on scene .
The flames were brought under control at about 9:20 a.m. , the FDNY said .
Leonard , who described the structure as “ totally destroyed , ” said , “ The success here today is that we have no injuries . The bad news is that we have a total loss of a building and seven businesses have lost their building . ”
The seven stores affected included a Laundromat , barber shop , pizzeria , pharmacy , among others .
The blaze is under investigation .
With Star Wars Episode VIII mere weeks away now , the same old argument is filling Twitter feeds – not whether you sympathise with the Sith or the Jedi , but whether the original trilogy ( Episodes IV-VI ) , or prequel trilogy ( Episodes I-III ) , was better . This seems to depend on which films you watched first . If you watched the prequels first , fond memories of the lightsaber duel on Mustafar may make you smile . However , if you watched the '70s originals first , you might cringe at Jar Jar Binks . Well , I 'd be worried if you did n't .
But with the releases of Episodes VII , VIII , and the 2016 spin-off Rogue One , a whole new generation of fans emerged – and they will have first explored the galaxy with Rey , Finn and Jyn . For them , Luke and Leia are the aged leaders of the resistance rather than young adventurers . Their favourite droid is more likely be BB-8 rather than R2-D2 or C-3PO . Not all of these fans will be pre-teens either – being raised in a hardcore ‘ Trekkie ' household , where watching Star Wars was blasphemy , The Force Awakens was the first Star Wars film I experienced too .
The new ‘ sequel ' trilogy of films has sparked lots of nostalgia so far , with its multiple ‘ Easter eggs ' and , of course , the presence of the original trio . The heart-warming interaction between R2-D2 , C-3PO , and BB-8 is only one example . Not having watched the previous movies , most references went straight over my head , yet some aspects felt quite familiar – Star Wars has become part of British culture , and no one can completely escape the many film posters , references , and socks – not even a ‘ Trekkie ' .
Thankfully , The Force Awakens contained enough new and exciting material to be able to stand on its own . Rather than falling into the trap of making the film purely for the nostalgia and long-term fans , J.J. Abrams focused the episode on the new ‘ generation ' of characters , to prevent isolating new viewers . The playfulness of the original series and action-packed nature of the prequels were combined so well that The Force Awakens appealed to fans of all ages – which is probably what made it the third highest grossing film of all time .
As a newcomer to the Star Wars world , there is a lot to catch up on . Films , TV shows , books and more world lore than in Lord of the Rings . Hardcore fans are gradually getting used to the idea of new fans entering the remote galaxy , and the popularity of The Force Awakens has helped no doubt , with its old-school take on Star Wars bringing Jedis right next to the excited Padawans . I have since caught up on the first films , and still find The Force Awakens is my personal favourite . This begs the question – how much of which series is our personal favourite is based on the first one we watched rather than the content of those films ? That is , of course , another argument for Twitter .
Star Wars Episode VIII : The Last Jedi is in cinemas from 14th December . Check out the trailer below .
On March 18 at 9:30 a.m. , the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the BYU-Idaho Collegiate Singers performed together in the Salt Lake Tabernacle for the weekly broadcast of Music and the Spoken Word .
The Collegiate Singers consist of 40 singers and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir has 360 members . This is not the first performance of the semester for the Collegiate Singers nor will it be the last . The singers will perform on March 28 during a combined concert with the BYU-I Concert Choir at 7:30 p.m. , according to the Master Calendar .
This weeks broadcast was called “ The Bedrock of Lasting Happiness ” according to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir 's website . Lloyd Newell gave the spoken word message of the week .
The combined choir sang before and after Newell gave his message . The Mormon Tabernacle choir opened the broadcast with the American folk hymn “ Saints Bound for Heaven ” arranged by Mack Wilberg . The Collegiate Singers , led by Randall Kempton , joined the Tabernacle Choir and sang “ I Feel My Saviors Love . ”
Right after the hymn , the broadcast featured an organ solo with a song called “ A Highland Ayre ” by Richard Purvis . After the solo the Collegiate Singers sang “ Prayer ” by René Clausen ( music ) and Mother Teresa of Calcutta ( lyrics ) without accompaniment from the organist , orchestra and the Tabernacle Choir .
After “ Prayer ” the Tabernacle Choir sang the classic song “ My Favorite Things ” from the Sound of Music . Newell then spoke while soft music played in the background . Newell cited a Havard study that took place over 80 years ago on happiness . The study found that it is not money or fame that keeps people happy . It is close relationships more than anything else .
Newell went on to explain that relationships help “ delay mental and physical decline , and are better predictors of long and happy lives than social class , [ intelligence ] , or even genes . ”
Newell pointed out that while this idea may seem obvious , it is easy to forget . Life gets in the way of relationships and social media has a tendency to make things worse . Newell pointed out how social media acts as a filter , only showing people part of their friends and families lives .
This broken image never shows the whole picture and causes relationships to be more virtual than real .
Newell offered advice , saying , “ We might need to take a break from social media and reconnect with the loved ones around us . We might need to remember that what we see of others ' lives is n't ever the full story . We might need to forgive—and ask for forgiveness . ”
Newell closed his remarks by reminding the audience of what truly makes people happy .
“ Money , fame , and social status come and go ; they make for a shaky foundation for life , ” he said . “ Instead , build your life on loving relationships , and they will be the bedrock of lasting happiness . ”
After Newell 's remarks the Collegiate Singers sang “ I Got a Key ” arranged by Joni Jensen . Afterward , the choirs and orchestra combined to perform “ O Clap Your Hands ” with music by Ralph Vaughan Williams and the lyrics from Psalm 47 .
The broadcast ended with the hymn “ God Be with You til we meet Again. ” The men of the Collegiate Singers will return to Temple Square to sing at April 's General Conference Priesthood Session . They will be joined by other male students from BYU-I .
MIAMI , FL ( JULY 02 , 2018 ) – Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami is a diagnostic center in Miami wherein , services like x-ray services , PET scan Miami services , nuclear medicine , PET CT of Miami , CTA , MRI Miami services , ultrasound , open MRI Miami and 3D mammogram are being implemented using state-of-the-art technology . The Comprehensive Breast Care Center ( CBCC ) unit at Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami is extensively working towards preventive screening and promoting early detection of breast cancer .
“ With two locations , one in Aventura , in North Miami and another in South Dade , the CBCC is easily accessible from all major roads and highways , making it the most convenient digital mammography center for anyone in the Miami/Fort Lauderdale area. ” Essentially , CBCC is helping in formulating preventive measures to promote a decline in the contingency of Miami breast ailments . With every individual having a chance of 1 in 8 of getting breast cancer , early detection and latest 3D technology helps in providing better solutions for preventive measures . CDCC is the only center in South Florida to offer new 3D mammogram technology for breast cancer screening called breast tomosynthesis . “ It 's 30 % more efficient than digital mammograms , with 3D imaging to help us find abnormalities more accurately and more quickly. ” Through tomosynthesis , the radiologists are able to identify and characterize individual breast structures without the confusion of overlapping tissue . The radiologists at Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami take multiple images of the breast at various angles which are then used to produce a three dimensional reconstruction of the breast . The radiologists can scroll through one-millimeter thick “ slices. ” This review of tissue slice by slice attributes to the elimination of the confusion of superimposed tissue found in traditional two-dimensional mammography and this is what contributes to the accurate diagnosis of Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami .
Tomosynthesis is 30 % more effective in detecting abnormalities than other digital mammograms , and , CBCC is the only diagnostic center in south Florida providing this service . CBCC offers comprehensive imaging solutions while ensuring the highest comfort level and care for the patients . Along with 3D mammogram , CBCC also provides MRI Miami services . Doctors are now recommending breast MRI , which is being facilitated by CBCC , which is then used by them to examine abnormalities detected by mammogram , the extent till which the cancer has already spread , tumor locations ' identification and assessing the effect of chemotherapy . Moreover , CBCC has breast ultrasound services available too which acts as a tool to determine whether the abnormality is solid . The entire package on offer at CBCC involves tactile breast examination and consultation & risk assessment in addition to breast ultrasound and breast tomosynthesis .
About Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami :
Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami aims to provide comprehensive body imaging solutions and diagnostic methods with the most technologically advanced procedures and equipment . This is done to ensure full body treatment and prevention of any impending diseases through their early detection .
To read more about Center for Diagnostic Imaging Miami , visit
http : //www.cdimiami.com/ .
Media Contact :
Address : 20601 East Dixie Highway ,
Suite 350
Aventura , FL 33180
Phone : +1 ( 800 ) 371-0002
Website : http : //www.cdimiami.com/
# # #
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Comments
FORT MYERS , Fla. – Jake Arrieta was confident when he signed with the Phillies that he would be ready for the start of the season and the pitcher 's progress continues to trend in that direction .
Arrieta will make his Grapefruit League debut Thursday against the Tigers as long as everything goes well Tuesday in his throwing session . The pitcher said he would throw 60 to 70 pitches in Thursday 's game at Spectrum Field . He threw 32 pitches Saturday in two innings of a simulated game . Thursday 's start is eight days away from the regular season 's second game , which would be Arrieta 's turn in the rotation .
“ Obviously , I have n't been in a game yet , but I 'm a quick learner and I like my chances at getting ready , ” Arrieta said at his introductory news conference .
Mark Leiter Jr. hurt
Mark Leiter Jr. returned to Philadelphia on Monday to undergo testing after feeling discomfort in his right forearm . The righthander appeared to have a lock on one of the eight relief roles .
Leiter had allowed two earned runs this spring in his first 9 1/3 innings before he allowed four runs Friday in the start he left with tightness in his forearm . His spot as a long reliever could be filled by Drew Hutchinson , who started Monday 's 6-5 loss to Boston , or Jake Thompson , who appears to be transitioning from a starter to a reliever .
Hutchinson , in camp on a minor-league deal , allowed one run Monday on three hits in five innings . He struck out three and walked one . Thompson is already on the 40-man roster and has allowed just two earned runs this spring in 10 1/3 innings with nine strikeouts and three walks .
“ Thompson has shown us the ability to have a swing-and-miss slider and get it out of the zone and get swings and misses , which is a quality that we think plays well in a major-league bullpen , ” manager Gabe Kapler said .
Rangers claim Joseph
Tommy Joseph 's Phillies career ended Monday , when he was claimed off waivers by the Texas Rangers .
The Phillies designated Joseph for assignment last week to clear a space on their 40-man roster for Jake Arrieta . He went to spring training without a role on the team after Rhys Hoskins emerged last season and the Phillies signed Carlos Santana this winter to play first base . Joseph 's roster spot always seemed to be in jeopardy .
Joseph could find a place in the American League as a designated hitter . He hit 43 homers over the last two seasons with a .757 OPS . Joseph played some left field and third base this spring but will likely stay at first base .
Extra bases
Aaron Altherr hit a mammoth homer Monday off Chris Sale , but it was the previous three at-bats that Kapler wanted to magnify . Cesar Hernandez grinded out a long at-bat before striking out . Cesar Hernandez and Rhys Hoskins both worked walks before Altherr crushed the first pitch he saw . The batters , Kapler said , were able to wear out Sale before Altherr stepped in . “ Altherr hitting a home run does n't happen in a vacuum . It happens as a result of team baseball . No one in the regular season is going to remember Cesar 's punch-out , but it was a huge at-bat. ” … Ben Lively will start Tuesday against Toronto at Spectrum Field .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Market Highlights :
Wireless Local Area Network ( WLAN ) , a communication system using infrared or radio frequency technology transmits data through the air and hence are susceptible to leaking confidential data and malware . WLAN security is designed to prevent unauthorized access to protect networks , equipping WLANs with various authentications , encryption , invisibility and other administrative controlling techniques .
WLAN security market is growing steadily due to the growing number of enterprises and the increasing uptake of cloud-based services by these enterprises . Acknowledging the exponential growth the market perceives currently and gauging the potential the market holds to grow in the future ; Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , in its recently published market forecast asserts that the Global Wireless LAN Security will grow up to USD ~ 8 Bn . by 2023 , registering a striking CAGR of ~19 % throughout the forecast period ( 2017 – 2023 ) .
The proliferation of smart mobile devices and connecting workforce solutions are the major factors that drive the global wireless LAN security market . Augmented uptake of BYOD policy in organizations , along with the rising demand for high-speed data services , is further fuelling the market growth .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5573
Major Key Players
A10 Networks ( U.S. ) ,
Blue Coat Systems Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
Brocade Communications Systems , Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
Cisco Systems , Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
Dell Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( U.S. ) ,
Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd ( China ) ,
Juniper Networks , Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
ZTE Corporation ( China ) ,
Alcatel-Lucent S.A. ( France ) ,
Symantec Corporation ( U.S. ) , Motorola Solutions , Inc. ( U.S. ) among others .
According to Market Research Future , the global Wireless LAN security market is estimated to grow up to USD 8.4 Billion at CAGR 19.05 % through the forecast period
Competitive Landscape
The market appears to be fiercely competitive . These players focusing on developing their product portfolio with the help of advanced technologies try to maintain their market position , in turn , drive the market growth . Various dynamic and diversified organizations , having the international presence along with the new entrants form a competitive landscape . Innovating continuously and increasingly , these leaders seek the market expansion .
Various strategic mergers and acquisitions , innovation , increasing investments in research and development and cost-effective product portfolio remain the key strategies of these players . Major players are investing in internal R & D and , most of all , in acquiring other firms . Prominent vendors of Wireless LAN Security try to invest more in the research and development of technologies and thus , try to develop their portfolio .
Regional Analysis
North America region is a hub for a large number of enterprises and early adopter of innovative technology , offering a favorable platform to the Wireless LAN Security to evolve significantly . Resultantly , the market perceives a higher growth in terms of advancements in technology , manufacturing process operations , and industrial infrastructure . The presence of major market players , rising mobile workforce and increase in demand for high-speed data services are also some of the key factors , driving the market in this region .
Asia – Pacific is following the lead because of the increasing opportunities in emerging countries , their adoption towards cloud services and inclination to the automation . Factors such as the market proliferation of mobile devices , wide adoption of cloud-based solutions among SME and large enterprises and developments in IT sector account for the key factors , propel the market growth in the region . Increasing numbers of prominent players in this market constantly innovating in research and development are presenting cost-effective secured WLAN group , in turn , drive the market growth .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/wireless-lan-security-market-5573
Intended Audience
Galleries
Collection
At her resort preview , Marina Moscone spoke about always keeping her woman as the center of what she does . “ My girl is always the same , poised and self-assured , but she has a romantic air , ” she explained . Like Moscone , this girl also loves art ; this season , the works of Jean Arp served as reference — the volume of his metallic sculptures informed the generously cut sleeves and rounded silhouettes while an image of Brancusi 's studio tied together the elevated color palette of whites , muted pink , dusty green , amber and bits of black .
“ I have to say , this collection is very much about key pieces , ” the designer said while pointing to a white off-the-shoulder shirtdress , which she explained could be worn as a dress or opened up , over vintage jeans . A group of hammered satin easy separates and feminine knits set off the more glamorous looks such as the metallic silk short dresses and a silk jacquard barely there jumpsuit . Other standouts included a soft white leather top with accentuated waist and a marble print cape strapless dress .
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections :
Reem Acra Resort 2018 : Reem Acra 's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold colorblocking .
Nicole Miller Resort 2018 : The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe , and for this resort collection , this was no exception .
Erdem Resort 2018 : The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch .
RtA Resort 2018 : Eighties ' and Nineties ' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal .
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018 : The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit .
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018 : Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance .
As Philadelphia City Council considers next year 's budget in the coming weeks , it also will consider altering the city 's successful 10-year property tax abatement program for new construction .
No doubt , the 18-year-old tax break on new residential and commercial construction as well as major improvements to existing structures perked up the city 's real estate market . According to a report from the Building Industry Association , home-building activity in Philadelphia jumped 376 percent between 2000-2017 . During the same period , suburban construction declined by 11 percent .
A lot has happened in the city in 17 years : not only more home building but an increase in construction , jobs , and population .
Sadly , some things have stayed the same , including the city 's high poverty rate and gaps in education spending and quality . These things require resources . That 's why there 's renewed debate about the wisdom of continuing the tax abatement . Critics say end the program because it robs money from the School District and favors the already wealthy . Supporters say ending it could freeze development and construction .
We believe there 's a third way : Mayor Kenney and Council could consider low-risk revisions , such as reducing or capping abatements for certain categories , including higher-priced properties . ( The BIA report says that nearly 70 percent of abated properties are valued below $ 400,000 . )
Council has commissioned its own report on abatements . Meanwhile , a recently released analysis by City Controller Rebecca Rhynhart outlines six different scenarios for adjusting the tax abatement , from ending it altogether to eliminating it for certain zip codes or property values . Her report notes that properties placed on the tax rolls after their 10-year abatements expired produced an estimated $ 83 million in tax revenue in 2017 .
It 's always difficult to resolve but for arguments , such as : But for the abatement would these homes have gotten built and ultimately become tax-paying properties ?
It does n't have to be a zero sum game . The mayor and Council could cap abatements for the most expensive projects , eliminate abatements entirely for those properties , or gradually reduce their tax breaks over time .
Council should take on fine tuning of the abatement program in the same spirit it did in successfully protecting longtime residents from being taxed out of their homes in gentrifying neighborhoods .
A recent Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia report found that even as property values and taxes rose in the past two years , longtime residents stayed in their neighborhoods . That 's in large part due to programs that sheltered them from rising taxes . There has been some discussion of raising the thresholds on those programs to include even more homeowners , which makes sense .
Council should consult with real estate experts as it discusses changes to the abatement program so as not to impede the city 's momentum . Sensible growth and development from Center City to outlying areas should be expanded .
In some ways , Philadelphia has a problem it has n't had to deal with in a long time . After decades of decline , it must manage growth . Part of that job is ensuring no one is left behind .
–
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
A cocaine possession charge against rugby union player Karmichael Hunt has been dropped .
A cocaine possession charge against rugby union player Karmichael Hunt has been dropped .
A cocaine possession charge against rugby union player Karmichael Hunt has been dropped due to a lack of evidence , his lawyer says .
Hunt was charged after officers allegedly found him in possession of cocaine and alprazolam - better known as Xanax - during a search in a car park in the inner-Brisbane suburb of Fortitude Valley on December 30 .
Adam Magill , Hunt 's lawyer , said prosecutors had dropped the cocaine possession charge following negotiations on Friday .
`` It was determined that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute him with respect to the cocaine charge , '' Mr Magill told AAP .
`` ( Hunt ) is obviously very relieved , he can move ahead now and focus on his training . ''
Queensland Police , the Queensland Rugby Union and Rugby Australia declined to comment .
The 31-year-old appeared in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday charged with two counts of possessing dangerous drugs - one of them being the cocaine charge - and contravening a police direction .
He was immediately stood down from all team-related activities with the Reds when the incident came to light and has since trained alone .
The contravening a police direction charge alleges Hunt failed to provide identification to police at Fortitude Valley police station on January 6 .
The case is adjourned until February 19 .
Liam Gallagher was `` drinking too much '' after Oasis split .
The 45-year-old singer admitted that he went off the rails for a while in between the band 's split in 2009 - after a furious bust-up between Liam and his brother Noel - and his current comeback as a solo artist .
He told USA Today : `` A lot of personal stuff was going on . I was drinking too much . Then I thought , `` You know what ? I 'm gon na go live in Spain , get me head together and get some sun on me bones . ' ''
And Liam revealed his comeback with his new album 'As You Were ' was not influenced by a desire to recapture his fame but he simply wanted to get back to making music again .
He said : `` I did n't go , ' I just wrote a song because I 'm not famous anymore and I must get back to the top of the charts ' There 's none of that nonsense . I do n't need to get any more famous . God , no . I did n't miss it terribly . I just wanted the universe to plow me some songs , which it did . If you 're good to rock 'n ' roll , it 'll be good to you . And I 've been good to rock 'n ' roll . ''
Liam was the frontman in his and Noel 's former band and while Noel has also gone on to find solo success , Liam claimed is not impressed with his 50-year-old brother 's voice .
Speaking about his own voice , he said : `` I should have taken better care of it . But I 'm a snarly rock 'n ' roll singer . You do n't want to start watering it down because you 'll end up sounding like Noel Gallagher . And we do n't want that . ''
Meanwhile , Liam recently admitted he misses being in a band with his brother .
He said : `` I would prefer to be in a band , and we should never ever have split up , but I 'm certainly not yearning for it , you know what I mean ? I was - I needed it four years ago , but I certainly do n't f * * * ing need it now . I prefer to be in a band - one that makes the same kind of racket as Oasis . I miss being in a band with my brother . But it 's not happening . ''
Research Methodology – Market Definitions
Hospital Market : The Singapore hospital market includes revenue generated by public and private hospitals established in Singapore . Revenue from outpatient and inpatient services has been considered . Revenues from public and private hospital has been tabulated in the market . Revenue from pharmacy retail though pharmacies located in hospitals has been included . Revenue stream such as lab revenues has also been considered . Revenue generated from walk-in patients for laboratory tests has not been considered . Hospitals with more than 50 beds have been considered .
Public Hospitals : Public health facilities refer to those owned or controlled by a government unit or another public corporation ( where control is defined as the ability to determine the general corporate policy ) .
Not-for-profit hospitals : Not-for profit health facilities refer to those producing health goods and services , but are not permitted to be a source of income , profit or financial gain for the unit that establish , control or finance them .
Private Hospitals : Private health facilities refer to those set up for the purpose of producing health goods and services and are capable of generating a profit or other financial gains for their owners .
Acute Hospitals : Acute hospitals comprise both general hospitals and specialty centres ( excluding Psychiatric Hospitals ) with acute care inpatient and outpatient facilities .
Psychiatric Hospitals : Psychiatric hospitals are those hospitals which offer a comprehensive range of psychiatric , rehabilitative and counseling services in the field of mental health .
Community Hospitals : Community hospitals are those hospitals which cater to rehabilitation , geriatric care and coalescing patients . They are usually funded by charities or religious groups , with assistance from government funds and/or public healthcare professionals .
Research Methodology – Consolidated Research Approach
Hypothesis Creation : The research team has first framed a hypothesis about the market through analysis of existing industry factors obtained from magazines , journals , broker reports , investor presentations and annual reports of major companies and several articles . The team has used both public and proprietary databases to define and collect each market data point such as overall market size , segmentations and estimated future growth .
Hypothesis Testing : The research team conducted computer assisted telephonic interview ( CATI ) with several industry professionals including decision makers in hospitals . The industry professionals included several doctors , management executives , financial analysts and other higher level authorities . The analyst at Ken Research collated their insights on the market onboard and to seek justification to the hypothesis framed by the team . Additionally several clients from different hospitals in the ecosystem have been interviewed to understand their perspectives , needs , requirements and the prices charged for various medical services offered .
Sanity Checking @ Decision Tree Analysis : General consensus on data collected from primary research and public and proprietary databases has been reached by conducting in-house decision tree analysis of the data points available and by comparing it with macro-economic factors . Data has been collected and verified through cross-sanity checking between primary and secondary sources . Secondary data sources include the analysis of existing industry factors , obtained from company reports and from magazines , journals and online articles . The secondary data sources are used to form the initial perception and contention on several forces playing their role in determining the future growth in the industry .
Future Forecasting via Poll Opinions and Statistical Tools : Multi-Factor regression and scenario analysis was conducted on the lag variables i.e . on the historical market size of the industry by identifying the independent and quantifiable variables directly affecting the market . The forecasting was done by using SPSS statistical tools . The variables were checked for multi-co-linearity and other bias that could be present in the model . The conclusion from the regression was then double-checked by conducting poll opinions . Structured interviews were conducted through telecom with several industry veterans including major decision makers from . These interviews helped the research team to authenticate the data collected from secondary data sources and to reject or accept the hypothesis regarding the future projections .
Interpretation and Proofreading : The final analysis will then be interpreted in the research report by our expert team well versed with the Healthcare Market .
Research Methodology – Market Sizing and Limitation – Hospital Market
Market Sizing :
Initially , we have compiled a list of private and public hospitals on the basis of number of beds
Additionally , our team was able to get revenues from inpatients , outpatients and other revenue stream for certain hospitals , referring to our databases and also through accessing financial report of major hospitals . This helped us to understand average inpatient and outpatient charges on the basis of number of beds .
For the estimation of total hospital market , we have categorized the private and public hospital on the basis of number of beds and used average revenue per bed to estimate the market . We have also considered hospital revenue which comes from pharmacy and lab test as well .
Limitation :
The total number of beds in hospitals is not calculated by sum of the number of beds in each hospital . However , the number of beds in Singapore hospitals in fetched either from public database or from market players investor presentations .
Additionally , it can also happen that some hospitals might be witnessing higher amount of inpatient or outpatient due to their specialized services , but we have taken an average as it is difficult to get the financial and inpatients/outpatient data for each hospital .
Singapore Hospitals Market-Future Outlook and Projections , 2018-2022
Key Takeaway :
Adoption of telemedicine is another notable trend in this space . Further , medical apps providing virtual consultation . For instance , Doctor Anywhere App was launched in Singapore wherein the patients input the symptoms and the doctor consultation happens through video call . The MyDoc app , launched two years ago and targeted at businesses and insurance companies , lets users access doctors from various medical groups as well as pharmacists from Guardian . The company also conducts health screenings for small and medium-sized enterprises in Singapore . Both test results and follow-ups with doctors can be viewed and arranged within the app . The cost of MyDoc 's services is pegged to individual insurance policies .
Since outpatient care is increasingly being used to deal with common medical issues in Singapore such applications and telemedicine services will enable patients to get accurate medical information at the convenience of home . Further with the growing burden of ageing population , hospitals are engaging robots and other assistive technology to ease the burden on the manpower-strapped sector . A robot can help to recover stroke patient 's exercise , keep early stage dementia patients occupied and alert them to take their medicine , or call for a helper when it senses that they are struggling to get up .
Automation of manual work , such as filling in medical information or ordering medications , is expected to allow healthcare professionals to focus on their core work , devoting more time to their clinical and direct patient care roles . Further , data analytics and artificial intelligence can augment care provided at each touch point . Mobile dental units and patient tracking devices are other new projects that tap on technology to improve Singapore 's healthcare productivity .
For more information on the research report , refer to below link :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/singapore-hospital-market/149669-91.html
Related Reports by Ken Research :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/saudi-arabia-healthcare-market-research-report/1106-91.html
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/uae-healthcare-market-report/37505-91.html
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/qatar-healthcare-market-report/99730-91.html
Contact Us :
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta , Head Marketing & Communications
Sales @ kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
Leefa ( 4th left ) arrives at the Ain Issa camp , 50 kilometres north of Raqqa , with other Indonesians after fleeing the Daesh group 's Syrian bastion on Tuesday ( AFP photo )
BEIRUT — The battle to oust the Daesh terror group from its stronghold of Raqqa is creating daunting challenges for aid groups responding to the latest humanitarian crisis in the Syrian conflict .
Tens of thousands of civilians have fled Raqqa and its surroundings since the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) began its operation to capture the extremist stronghold last year .
But new waves of displacement are expected as the battle inside the city progresses .
A key problem is getting aid supplies to the relatively remote desert region in Syria 's north , with just a trickle of assistance currently crossing from neighbouring Turkey and Iraq .
`` There is supply but it 's very , very limited and the needs of the population are very high , '' said Puk Leenders , emergency coordinator for northern Syria for the group Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) .
Turkey considers the key Kurdish component of the SDF a `` terrorist '' group and its border with the area north of Raqqa is effectively closed .
The border crossing with Iraq , over 300 kilometres east of Raqqa city , is open to goods , but in practice sees little traffic , local officials say .
The UN 's World Food Programme said on Wednesday it had delivered one month 's supply of food for 80,000 people in Raqqa , Deir Ezzor and Hasakeh provinces in north and northeast Syria .
The United Nations , which operates inside Syria with government permission , has been able to airlift supplies to the city of Qamishli , northeast of Raqqa , from government-held Damascus .
But `` this offered limited capacity and was insufficient to meet all needs '' , said David Swanson , regional spokesman for the UN 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
The UN is now hoping to start transporting aid from Aleppo to Qamishli , a distance of more than 400 kilometres , but the route must first be tested for security , said Swanson .
'Volatile security
An estimated 300,000 civilians once lived under Daesh rule in Raqqa , including 80,000 displaced from other parts of Syria before the group seized the city .
Tens of thousands fled Raqqa and surrounding areas as the SDF closed in on the extremist bastion .
The UN estimates more than 169,000 people fled Raqqa city and its environs in April and May alone , and thousands of displaced civilians are now living in overcrowded and underresourced camps .
In Ain Issa , 50 kilometres north of Raqqa , new arrivals say they are sleeping on the ground , with neither mattresses under them nor tents overhead .
`` There are now more than 25,000 people in the Ain Issa camp , which was built with a capacity of 10,000 , '' camp director Jalal Ayyaf told AFP .
`` International organisations are providing support , but it 's not sufficient for the numbers who are arriving . ''
MSF 's Leenders said up to 800 people were arriving at Ain Issa each day , and many more people were simply sleeping on roadsides or under trees in the countryside north of the city .
The `` highly volatile security situation '' is another major concern for aid groups working in the region , said Paul Donohoe , senior media officer at the International Rescue Committee NGO .
`` We know that there are many mines and IEDs [ improvised explosive devices ] , there is also the risk of Daesh attacks and there have been reports of some fleeing civilians being killed by coalition air strikes . ''
`` It is thought up to half the population of Raqqa could ultimately flee the city and they will still be very vulnerable to mines and IS [ Daesh ] snipers , as well as air strikes . ''
The head of the UN 's commission of inquiry on Syria on Wednesday reported a `` staggering loss of civilian life '' in Raqqa and expressed concern about the mounting toll in airstrikes on the city .
'Impossible choices '
Fleeing civilians are already presenting health problems ranging from dehydration to untreated chronic illness .
And aid groups expect an uptick in wounded arrivals as the fighting intensifies .
MSF is establishing stabilisation points near the frontline to provide emergency care to keep the seriously injured alive until they reach hospitals .
But there is a severe shortage of qualified medical staff in the region , Leenders said , and medical facilities have also been affected by the fighting .
`` Hospitals are being mined and it 's really difficult to start those back up because they need to be demined ... It can be extremely challenging . ''
The most difficult problem of all may simply be reaching those in need .
`` Many people fleeing ... initially end up in locations too close to the frontline for aid agencies to safely respond , '' said Donohoe .
And others can not leave at all , with Daesh reportedly using threats , arrests and violence to prevent civilians fleeing .
Those who do escape risk unexploded ordnance en route , and the threat of being mistaken for fleeing Daesh extremists by SDF forces or the US-led coalition .
MSF warned last week that civilians in the city faced `` impossible choices '' .
`` Either they stay in Raqqa , subjecting their children to increased violence and air strikes , or they take them over the frontline , knowing they will need to cross minefields and may be caught in the crossfire . ''
A search is underway for two brothers who are missing off the Ningaloo coast in a dinghy
1:23 Do n't say things that are n't nice… stop doing that … he 's a grown man Pause
1:32 Frank Martin reveals how he knew Dozier , Silva were primed for breakout year
6:28 ' A big relief ' : Chad Holbrook reacts after win over Mississippi State
1:15 Eggstravaganza
1:13 Sindarius Thornwell throws out first pitch prior to USC-Vandy
1:03 How Rep. Jim Merrill got wrapped up in the S.C . Corruption Probe
1:11 Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center
7:13 I-85 Roadway Collapse - Press Conference 3-31-17
0:34 Making Final Four special for Dozier family
ISLAMABAD : The accountability court hearing the illegal assets accumulation case against Senator Ishaq Dar dismissed on Tuesday a plea of the co-accused seeking their acquittal from the case and ordered the suspects to be formally charged on March 27 .
On Feb 26 , the anti-graft watchdog filed a supplementary reference against Ishaq Dar in the assets case with regard to alleged accumulation of assets beyond his known sources of income .
Three suspects , including National Bank of Pakistan ( NBP ) Saeed Ahmed , Mansoor Raza and Naeem Mehmood , were nominated in the reference .
Two of the three accused had , after their nomination in the case petitioned the court against their planned indictment . However , hearing the case on Tuesday , accountability court Judge Mohammad Bashir dismissed the pleas of the co-accused and ruled that they are to be indicted on March 27 .
The NBP president moved an application in the court under Section 265-D of the Criminal Procedure Code seeking his acquittal for lack of evidence . He stated that he came to know in 2016 that as many as seven accounts were being operated in his name . His signatures were faked to open such accounts , he claimed .
A NAB prosecutor argued that millions of rupees were transacted into the foreign currency accounts , which were operated from 1997 to 2006 .
He expressed surprise how come the NBP president was not aware of these accounts having been opened in his name .
After the indictment order was released during Tuesday 's hearing , the counsel of the accused stated that they will challenge the decision in a high court once the detailed judgment is released .
Many women who rely on the birth control pill or other monthly forms of contraception have experienced this scenario :
A woman 's doctor writes her a prescription for three or 12 months worth of birth control . When she visits the pharmacy to pick it up , she finds out that her insurance company will pay for only one month at a time . So she leaves with a month 's supply , and must return 30 days later to pick up the next one , and again 30 days later , and so on , potentially for years .
While that might seem like a minor inconvenience , the consequence of missing even a single dose can be an unintended pregnancy . And for some women , including those living in rural areas and victims of domestic violence , it 's a significant hurdle .
But this scenario will no longer play out in Maine under a bill that became law today without the governor 's signature . Insurers in Maine now must cover up to 12 months of birth control .
The law also adopts an Obamacare requirement that prohibits insurers from charging co-pays for birth control , which would protect Maine women from those fees regardless of the fate of Obamacare at the federal level . Maine employers also ca n't decline to provide birth control coverage under the law , even if the Trump administration moves forward with its apparent plan to allow businesses to opt out of that coverage on religious or moral grounds , according to Planned Parenthood of Northern New England .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , along with the U.S. Office of Population Affairs , recommends that women be provided multiple months ' worth of birth control , ideally a full year 's supply , to encourage consistent use .
Inconsistent use of birth control ( also including condoms and other forms ) accounts for 41 percent of unintended pregnancies , according to 2008 data published by the Guttmacher Institute , a research nonprofit that supports reproductive rights .
When women in California received a one-year supply of the pill , rates of unintended pregnancies dropped 30 percent , according to one study . The odds of abortion fell by 46 percent , the 2011 study by University of California San Francisco researchers found .
If the women in the study who received pills for shorter durations had experienced the same rates , California 's Medicaid program would have avoided 1,300 taxpayer-funded pregnancies and 300 abortions , the researchers reported .
In Maine , Medicaid already covers a year 's supply of contraception for women beneficiaries . The new law , sponsored by Rep. Jay McCreight , D-Harpswell , extends that benefit to women with private health insurance plans , such as through Obamacare or their employers .
A few more specifics on the law :
It applies to FDA-approved forms of birth control , including the pill , patch and vaginal ring . Insurers can still substitute generic versions .
It takes effect this fall , 90 days after the Legislature adjourns in June . But practically speaking women will benefit when their health insurance plans are issued or renewed on Jan. 1 , 2018 .
Women can get a three-month supply for the first dispensing of their birth control , followed by a full 12-month supply thereafter . A doctor must specify that the prescription is for a year 's supply .
California , Hawaii , Oregon , Colorado , and the District of Columbia already allow up to 12 months of birth control at a time . Virginia and South Carolina passed similar laws earlier this year .
Research at Brock University recently uncovered a link between a common herb and the reduction of lung cancer cell growth .
A study into rosemary began with Evangelina Tsiani 's interest in polyphenols — chemical compounds found in plants we eat . Tsiani , an associate professor in Brock 's department of health sciences , wanted to know more about the polyphenols , sometimes called antioxidants , found in the herb .
Polyphenols contain tiny nutrients believed to help to prevent diabetes , cancer , heart disease and other conditions .
“ We have some evidence that rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells , ” Tsiani said . “ The question is , how is this done ? What is the mechanism of action to inhibit cancer cell proliferation ? ”
Working with graduate student Jessy Moore and colleagues from several other Brock departments , Tsiani set out to see if and how rosemary extract stops the growth of cancer cells .
In its lab , the research team cultivated the type of cancer cells that are found in up to 80 per cent of all lung cancer cases , and represent the most aggressive form of the disease . They then exposed these cells to rosemary extract , and studied the extract 's impacts on a signalling pathway called Akt , and on certain proteins within the pathway .
The team found that the rosemary extract : stopped the survival and spread of cancer cells , and enhanced a process called apoptosis ( pre-programmed cell death ) ; blocked the Akt signalling pathway that would have caused the cancer cells to multiply ; and stopped certain proteins in the cancer cells from being activated .
Their results appear in the study “ Rosemary extract reduces Akt/mTOR/p70S6K activation and inhibits proliferation and survival of A549 human lung cancer cells , ” published in the journal Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy .
“ These finding are very important , ” Tsiani said . “ Our data suggest that rosemary extract may have considerable anti-tumour and chemoprevention properties in lung cancer , and deserves further systematic investigation . Finding drugs or chemicals that inhibit these pathways is the focus of many researchers . ”
Tsiani cautioned it is too soon to tell people to eat more rosemary to prevent or stop lung cancer . The next step is to determine which specific chemicals or components of rosemary extract are responsible for these anti-cancer effects .
Rosemary contains two major polyphenols : carnosic acid and rosmarinic acid .
“ These two polyphenols might be the main chemicals that have the anti-cancer effects , ” said Tsiani , “ and we have initiated studies exploring this possibility . ”
— Cathy Majtenyi is the research communications and media relations specialist at Brock University .
COLUMBUS , Ga. — In the wake of the failed controversial Camelot proposal , a Columbus Advisory Council is working to come up with alternative school solutions .
News 3 caught up with members of the Columbus Advisory Council . Some mentioned they were recognized as a council , on the same day the Camelot proposal was voted down , back in May . The group is comprised of Camelot supporters and opposers . They say they 're putting their differences aside , for the good of the children , specifically those with special needs .
Months ago , Muscogee County Superintendent David Lewis proposed paying $ 6.4 million a year to Camelot , a for profit company based out of Austin , Texas . Despite multiple reports of abuse that surfaced surrounding the company . As a result of the proposal , the Columbus Advisory Council was formed . Some members say , when it comes to assisting students with behavioral problems , the resources to do , are right here at home .
“ Many problems that we have today because people were committed to educating children . The community was involved in a real way and our children also had a sense of hope about their future , ” says Dr. J. Aleem Hud .
Other members of the council say , they supported Camelot . Lisa Jenkins shares why she hopes the council can come up with ways to the best service , what they call , children in need .
“ I was called by a parent whose child a very young child of eight years old .. beat her and attempted to kill his sister with a screwdriver , ” says Lisa Jenkins .
Jenkins says the child she 's referencing suffers from behavioral problems . News 3 is working to independently confirm this incident . She says , he 's just one of the many students in Muscogee County that could have benefitted from Camelot . Meantime others say , the millions of dollars that could 've been spent on Camelot , could go toward the AIM program here in Muscogee County .
“ They need certain educators , psychologists…cultural pedagogy is the best way to teach a child about who they are so that 's going on over there at AIM , ” says Tonza Thomas .
Others are encouraging teachers in the community to speak up , about ways to help the council serve the kids .
“ A lot of people do n't want to talk but I guarantee there are more teachers and there are more people in that school that have negative things to say .. because they see it everyday , ” says Waleisah Wilson .
There are more than a dozen people on the advisory council . Monday , they will meet with the school board , getting official recognition , as a council within the school district .
Lisa Jenkins wrote a statement for the board that she plans to present . Read the full note below .
“ A goal , if not the goal , of this committee needs to be to find an appropriate treatment model for children who are severely , emotionally disturbed . The primary concern for these children should be treatment of their medical issue ( s ) . The education agreement is important , but in their case , the medical component is most important . Schools are not medical treatment facilities . Such a facility or program needs to be found . Teachers are not therapists . Appropriate treatment models exist. ” – Mike Edmundson , Lisa Jenkins , Bart Steed
“ As for discipline , there needs to be an effort to not merely separate students from general students population , but a means of developing a normative culture that focuses on the root causes of the serious discipline issues. ” – Lisa Jenkins
A former English teacher and department head at Friends Academy in Locust Valley has charged in a federal lawsuit that school officials sexually harassed her , discriminated against her on the basis of gender , and retaliated when she protested such treatment .
The plaintiff , Shawn Garrett , seeks $ 1 million in financial damages and lost wages , in a lawsuit filed May 24 in U.S. District Court , Central Islip .
Garrett started teaching at Friends Academy in 2012 and had been promoted to head of the English department before being demoted and ultimately fired last year , according to her legal complaint .
Andrea Miller , director of communications at Friends Academy , said in a prepared statement Wednesday that , “ The opportunity to thrive in a supportive and welcoming environment for our faculty and staff has been , and will continue to be , a fundamental principle at Friends Academy . ”
Garrett , in her 20-page complaint , said her problems at the private prep school began in March 2015 when she and a group of other female staffers conducted a group interview with Mark Schoeffel , a candidate for the principal 's position at Friends Academy 's Upper School , the equivalent of high school .
At the end of the session , according to court papers , Schoeffel said to Garrett , “ I wonder when I 'm going to meet some men around here . ”
Garrett reported the comment on an anonymous online feedback form , and later reported it verbally to a faculty official as well , her lawsuit says . Schoeffel got the job and started work around July 2015 .
Subsequently , Garrett alleged , the Upper School principal regularly undermined her position as English Department head and treated her in a demeaning manner that he never employed with male employees . Schoeffel did not return a call seeking comment Wednesday .
LEBRON JAMES SAYS he 's playing at an “ all-time level ” entering the NBA Finals even as the 33-year-old superstar defies Father Time to stretch the prime years of his career .
“ They always kind of talked about the NBA prime is like 27 and like 31 , 32 . That 's if you 're lucky , you 'll get to that point , ” James said . “ I do n't know . I 've just never really bought into that . ”
James recalled saying this season that “ this is the best I 've felt in my career… . And I continue to just play at an all-time-level standard for the rest of this season . Hopefully I can continue it in these Finals also . ”
James spoke Wednesday on the eve of his eighth consecutive NBA Finals appearance and ninth overall as he prepares to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers into a fourth straight championship series against the Golden State Warriors , who seek their third title in four seasons .
Exactly what level James can produce in the final is uncertain after playing 100 games in the season and playoffs combined since late October .
“ The level that I can play at is to be seen , but the level I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am , ” James said .
“ So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself . But for me , I understand and I know how much I put into the game . So everything else is OK .
“ I 've always kind of told you guys that I do n't really have a ceiling . I want to just try to maximise as much as I can and be as good as I can . ”
James has stressed being able to play this season , the first in which he did not miss a regular-season contest .
“ I 've been blessed to be available . That 's what I take pride in more than anything , is being available to my teammates every single day , ” James said .
“ I 've been a leader to my teammates all year and I 've put in the work . It 's allowed me to be able to tomorrow suit up for the 101st consecutive time . We 'll see what happens . ”
© – AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
Smoking could soon be banned in outdoor areas that serve food .
Its a proposal set to be put before Cabinet by the Health Minister Simon Harris today .
The private members motion wants the Government to ban smoking in al fresco dining areas .
Pro-smoking campaigners have condemned the proposals .
John Mallon , spokesman for Forest Ireland , said : `` The war on smoking is going too far . There is no justification for banning smoking outside , even where food is served .
`` Smoking in the open air poses no risk to third parties and although it may occasionally be annoying for non-smokers this is a matter for the individual establishment not the Government . ''
File photo
Fine Gael Senator , and former health Minister , James Reilly proposed the idea back in February .
Senator Reilly says it should no longer be acceptable for people to smoke where others are eating .
Figures from the Health Service Executive ( HSE ) in April 2017 showed Ireland had more quitters than smokers .
The HSE says smoking is the single biggest cause of illness , disability and death in Ireland .
Some 23 % of the Irish population smoke , and about 19 % smoke every day .
Local golfer and Grade 10 Waterloo-Oxford student Zach Hart is looking to end off his strong calendar year on the right note , having earned himself a spot at the Maple Leaf Junior Golf Tour ( MJT ) National Championships down in Orlando , Florida .
This honour did n't come easy . Hart 's dedication and hours on the range yielded several top-10 finishes on local tours , earning him a spot at nationals playing against older and more experienced competition .
“ It 's been tough competing against the older guys , considering how much stronger they are at driving the ball , but that 's something I 'm definitely working on in my game too , ” said Hart , who is from New Hamburg .
Hart has had plenty of opportunities to hone his game in high-stakes tournaments . Playing on the TeeItUpTour , open to residents of Waterloo , Wellington and Brant counties , Hart began the year at a Cambridge event by winning a tightly contested affair in a playoff .
Related Content Waterloo-Oxford golfer making waves at provincial level
The results continued on TeeItUp when Hart was awarded the Order of Merit , earning him a $ 1,000 Scholarship .
Also playing on the popular MJT Tour , Hart competed in a series of events at some of the province 's finest courses . He was able to net both a third- and second-place finish , as well as win the Golf Town Bounce-back Award for the biggest improvement over a two-day event .
“ I feel that my mental game has improved a lot this year , ” said Hart . “ I was working on staying focused and determined , particularly on my putting . If I had a bad shot , I had to eliminate it and not let it get me down . ”
Hart understands that a stronger mental game comes from experience , but lucky for him he 's already had years of it . Getting his first pair of clubs at the age of three , Hart first fell in love with golf when he was enrolled in a camp by his aunt at the age of seven .
Looking ahead , Hart hopes to get a full-ride scholarship for post-secondary school with golf , and eventually get to the professional tour . As for the nearer future , he 's looking forward to heading down to the Jack Nicklaus-designed Reunion Resort in Orlando for the MJT nationals .
A GoFundMe page has been set up to help offset the costs for Hart to compete there , which include airfare , entrance fees , accommodations and practice rounds .
Members of the International Weightlifting Federation ( IWF ) Medical Committee are said to have welcomed the proposed new bodyweight categories which will be submitted to the IWF Executive Board here .
The IWF begun the final phase of determining the 10 new men 's and women 's bodyweight categories early last month , following a two-day meeting of the IWF Bodyweight Categories Working Group in Budapest .
It is hoped they will provide greater athletic opportunities , improve inclusivity and enhance competition .
The Working Group is composed of members of the IWF Sport Programme Commission and two representatives from each of the three elected IWF Committees appointed by their respective chair .
This includes IWF Medical Committee members Mike Irani and Mark Lavallee .
It reviewed the wide-range of proposals which have been submitted by the IWF 's stakeholders and also conducted its own comprehensive research .
The decision to increase the bodyweight portfolio from eight men 's and women 's categories to 10 was taken by the IWF Executive Board in November 2017 .
The Working Group finalised its proposal on the 10 categories in each gender , drawing on a number of different factors and using scientific and statistical evidence .
The seven men 's and women 's medal events for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games will be drawn from the 10 men 's and women 's bodyweight categories , once they have been agreed .
During a gathering prior to the IWF Executive Board meeting , being held today and tomorrow , the Medical Committee discussed health effects of the bodyweight category changes on athletes and highlighted the risks for athletes gaining or losing weight to comply with the new divisions .
The decision to increase the bodyweight portfolio from eight men 's and women 's categories to 10 was taken by the IWF Executive Board in November 2017 ©Getty Images
General information about the bodyweight categories and the methodology behind the establishment of new world records was also provided during the Joint Committee meeting .
Furthermore , the Coaching and Research Committee , chaired by Mahmoud Mahgoub , discussed the bodyweight categories and reviewed the new qualifying system for Tokyo 2020 .
Kazakhstan , the nation with the worst doping record in weightlifting , angered rival nations last month by appealing to the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) over the revised system .
While countries with a clean record can send eight athletes to Tokyo 2020 , Kazakhstan can send a maximum of two - one man and one woman - because its athletes have been caught cheating so often .
No nation in the world has had more positives than Kazakhstan since 2008 , the date which the IWF used as a start point in assessing its members ' doping record for the purposes of awarding quota places for Tokyo 2020 .
Several other countries are restricted to reduced places in Tokyo because they have accrued 20 or more positives in the past 10 years , Russia and Azerbaijan being among them .
No date has been announced for the CAS hearing , at which the IWF is confident it can successfully oppose the appeal of Kazakhstan - one of nine countries currently serving a one-year suspension imposed by the world governing body for multiple offences .
In a statement , the IWF said that the principle aim of its radical new system was `` protecting clean sport '' and pointed out that the qualifying process had been approved by the International Olympic Committee .
Athletes will be tested far more often than in the past , as they must compete at least six times in the 18-month qualifying period that starts on November 1 .
The IWF Executive Board meeting here in Uzbekistan 's capital will be followed by the IWF Congress on Friday ( July 6 ) .
OAK RIDGE — Everything pointed to another overtime experience for Paul R. Brown , but this time the Bulldogs managed to ovoid the extra period by knocking off Oak Ridge Military Academy on Thursday in a non-conference game , 71-69 .
The victory came when Marvin Lacewell and Darius Willis each cleanly blocked a shot within the final 9 seconds of the game .
“ They were good blocks , not just swiped at , ” Bulldogs coach Ken Cross said .
Paul R. Brown improved to 6-4 with the win .
Oak Ridge opened the game on an 11-2 run against the Bulldogs ' zone defense , so Cross switched to a man defense and Paul R. Brown reversed course for a 13-4 burst to finish the first quarter in a 15-15 knot . Brandon Strange drained a three-pointer for the Bulldogs in the period .
In the second stanza , Lacewell canned six points for the Dawgs but the two teams traded 15 points to finish the half still tied at 30-30 .
Each team lit up the scoreboard in the third quarter — Micha McKoy and Lacewell each canned a three-pointer for Paul R. Brown — and the teams stayed knotted at 50-50 going into the fourth frame .
Lacewell put the Dawgs on his back down the stretch , draining a three-pointer , hitting two baskets and going 4-for-4 at the line as the Bulldogs outscored Oak Ridge 21-19 to escape with the win .
“ It was a long trip , but we played hard , ” Cross said . “ We 're in pretty good shape and I think that helped . ”
Lacewell led Paul R. Brown with 24 points that included two three-pointers and 7-for-9 at the line ; Zarian Brown scored 15 points that included 5-for-8 at the line ; and Strange added 11 points with a three-pointer .
Paul R. Brown will travel to Lake Waccamaw on Saturday for a 3 p.m. conference game against Thomas Academy . A win would give the Bulldogs a tie for the conference crown .
As vice president of performance health care , Elliott will preside over all training , strength and conditioning while trying to help the Jazz gain a needed edge in pioneering fields of sports science . He held a similar role for the last two years for the Suns , which is reputed to have one of the best sports performance staffs in the NBA .
ATHENS ( Sputnik ) - A massive rally , organized by Macedonian organizations abroad , will take place in Athens on Sunday and is expected to gather hundreds of thousands of people , protesting against the use of `` Macedonia '' in the name of the neighboring former Yugoslav republic .
The organizers of the rally , called `` Macedonia is Greece , '' said that the event was non-partisan and not supported by any political party .
Greek media reported that extraordinary security measures would be taken during the event , including stationing of 19,000 policemen .
A similar rally took place in January and was attended by over 100,000 people .
© AFP 2018/ ARIS MESSINIS Macedonia to Solve Nation 's Name Dispute With Greece
Greece and Macedonia have been involved in a dispute over the name of the Republic of Macedonia since the latter declared independence from Yugoslavia in 1991 . Athens has been claiming that Skopje might have territorial claims over Greece 's own region of the same name , insisting on another name for the neighboring country .
The rally is scheduled to start at 02:00 p.m. local time ( 12:00 GMT ) at the Syntagma square in central Athens and expected to last for two hours .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T SW Pts GF GA W L T Notre Dame 10 0 0 0 30 33 13 16 3 1 Ohio St. 5 4 1 0 16 27 26 10 4 4 Penn St. 4 4 2 1 15 34 31 11 7 2 Minnesota 4 7 1 1 14 35 37 10 9 1 Wisconsin 4 5 1 0 13 33 33 10 9 2 Michigan 3 5 2 1 12 34 41 7 7 2 Michigan St. 2 7 1 1 8 16 31 8 9 1
___
Thursday 's Game
Michigan 4 , Michigan St. 0
Friday , Games
Ohio St. 2 , Minnesota 1 , OT
Michigan St. 5 , Michigan 0
Penn St. 5 , Robert Morris 2
Notre Dame 3 , Wisconsin 2
Saturday 's Games
Penn St. 7 , Robert Morris 4
Ohio St. 4 , Minnesota 1
Notre Dame 6 , Wisconsin 2
Saturday , Dec. 16
Michigan St. at US Under-18 Team , 7:05 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
United & Strong and the Eastern Caribbean Alliance for Diversity and Culture is holding a unique women 's conference in Saint Lucia .
50 participants from the region , the USA and Canada were scheduled to attend the convention on women and sexuality which officially got underway here on Thursday .
The conference will focus on feminism , proposal writing and leadership , and challenges faced by women of the LGBT community .
Murray Kinsella reports from Paris
IN AN ODD way , it feels like Bundee Aki , Jacob Stockdale and James Ryan have been around this Ireland squad for longer than is the case .
Aki showed real assurance in a strong first November series for Joe Schmidt 's side last year , although his experience in club rugby for the Chiefs and Connacht meant that was unsurprising .
Aki with Robbie Henshaw at today 's captain 's run in Paris . Source : Billy Stickland/INPHO
Stockdale and Ryan , both of whom are still just 21 , debuted on the tour of the US and Japan last summer , showing their promise there and then following it up by earning starter status in the November fixtures .
All three appear to have healthy Ireland careers ahead of them and they are likely only to get better over the course of this championship , but while they have settled into the squad impressively , tomorrow is a totally new test .
Six Nations rugby , away in France .
The clash with les Bleus [ KO 4.45pm Irish time ] will be cap number five for both Stockdale and Ryan , while Aki will earn his third , but Ireland captain Rory Best can see positives in their relative inexperience .
“ I think at this stage they are probably a little bit unaware as to the magnitude of the game – to come to the Stade de France with 80,000 people and the atmosphere , the microscope you 're under in the Six Nations , ” said Best after Ireland 's captain 's run at the Stade de France today .
“ It 's probably going to be a bit of a surprise for them but , at the same time , these are guys that are used to playing in big games . They have handled big occasions before and they stepped up very well in the autumn , most of them .
“ Sometimes with not knowing what 's coming , it 's a good thing because there 's less that you fear and you can just go out and play . In this build-up , you can worry about playing your own game and do n't worry about some of the things that have gone before that other players have . ”
Stockdale was impressive in November . Source : Billy Stickland/INPHO
There is plenty of experience around the trio of Six Nations debutants in this Ireland team – the likes of Best , Rob Kearney , Johnny Sexton , Conor Murray , Peter O'Mahony – and their calming influence will be important during the decisive moments in Paris .
But Best does n't feel there is any great need for him to sit Aki , Stockdale or Ryan down to offer up specific advice before the latest milestone in their Test careers .
“ The big thing for the likes of Jacob and Bundee playing their first Six Nations is to get out and play with the confidence and play the type of game that has got them selected to start in a Six Nations game , ” said Best .
“ The big thing is to play the match and not play the occasion , to stick to the stuff we know so well and , ultimately , it 's going to take a big effort whatever 15 is on the pitch and we know that .
“ That 's the big thing to stress – these guys have shown in the autumn and in Europe that they are capable when there is a step up required . That 's what we need . ”
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
Topeka Police say a woman was shot in the leg Monday at a southeast Topeka Dollar General .
The shooting occurred around 5:30 p.m. in the 2500 block of SE California , across the street from Highland Park High School .
Lt. Aaron Jones says the victim was standing next to a black , four-door Honda when shooting occurred . The victim did not know she had been shot until witnesses came over and told her what happened .
Witnesses reported hearing two gunshots . The victim did not hear the shots , but did feel pain in her leg and fell to the ground .
Jones says the victim , described as middle-aged and Hispanic , was having difficulty communicating with people who came over to help due to a language barrier . A Spanish-speaking officer was sent to the hospital where the woman was being treated for non-life threatening injuries .
Jones says the bullet did enter her leg , but was removed shortly after the shooting .
An orange cone , usually used to mark the area where bullet casings are found , was seen several feet from the Honda .
Police could not immediately determine where the shots were fired from . Witnesses said they heard them coming from the north of SE 25th Street .
Jones says investigators are checking surveillance footage from Dollar General and the traffic lights at SE 25th Street . They are also speaking with officers from Highland Park High School and reviewed their camera footage as well .
Investigators believe the shots were fired from a suspect riding in a vehicle . Jones says the video footage revealed two possible suspect videos . Descriptions of those , or any other suspect vehicles , will be released after further investigation .
Police ask anyone who may have witnessed the shooting or have any suspect information to call Crime Stoppers at ( 785 ) 234-0007 .
LG is set to release a host of its webOS powered TVs later this month . The operating system represents , potentially , the easiest smart TV interface yet . Especially considering how simple it will make Sky TV viewing and controls .
LG has told Pocket-lint that Sky 's EPG is compatible with the LG webOS TVs from launch . That means that users can view Sky TV content from within the TV 's WebOS menu and be able to control what they view using the LG remote .
One of the useful features in webOS is the ability to jump between inputs quickly and simply . A menu called Today pulls in a selection of viewing options from across apps like Netflix and Sky Now TV , online platforms like YouTube and live TV . So a movie , for example , will be displayed and users can then choose how to watch it , from Netflix or Sky depending on what a user subscribes to .
The TV should simply use Sky 's online EPG data to show the TV guide on screen integrated into webOS . Then when a user selects a program the TV knows which IR signals that corresponds to and sends that to the Sky box . So from the user 's perspective it 's a seamless control interface that uses LG 's Magic Remote gesture and voice controls .
We 've contacted Sky for further comment and will update this article when we get a response .
READ : Hands-on : LG WebOS TV review
BARRIE -
Red-faced and weeping in the prisoner 's box , a former teaching assistant convicted of breaking his severely autistic student 's leg admitted he tried to pay a witness to lie for him on the witness stand .
Corey Stibbard , 33 , of Angus , Ont . pleaded guilty to attempting to obstruct justice while a second charge of counselling to commit perjury was dropped in exchange for his early plea . He was sentenced to six months in jail on top of the 12-month sentence he received last April after being convicted of assault causing bodily harm .
The convoluted story began when Stibbard took his autistic student , Riley Dooley , 20 , who has the ability of a two-year-old , to a dollar store on Dec. 4 , 2015 . When Dooley would n't let go of a small toy dinosaur , Stibbard became frustrated , delivered a karate-like kick to him and shattered Dooley 's tibia and fibula , leaving him writhing in pain on the floor with bone sticking out of his leg .
Stibbard was found guilty at trial , but was terrified of going to jail — so while awaiting sentencing he offered to pay a woman he hardly knew a “ significant ” amount of cash , court heard .
Stibbard went to visit the woman , Ashley Doucette , of the New Tecumseth area , at her home and the two chatted for a while as acquaintances . She was shocked when suddenly Stibbard offered to pay her to testify that she saw the autistic student attack him and he was acting in self-defence .
“ He had the entire concocted story written out for her , ” Crown attorney Mary Ann Alexander said . “ She was stunned . ”
Stibbard left , hoping Doucette would think about his offer , but she quickly called police .
It was not the first time Stibbard was accused of getting a witness to lie for him in court . During his assault trial , a surprise witness came forward on the last day to testify he was at the dollar store and saw the autistic student attacking Stibbard .
“ It was clear to me that it was self-defence , ” said the witness , Corey Robinson , a self-admitted former crack addict who lived on the streets .
The Crown said his story was “ preposterous and ridiculous ” and Justice Robert Gattrell admitted he was suspicious , saying , “ I find his whole story is cooked up for some agenda. ” No charges were laid in that incident .
The autistic student 's mother , Patty Dooley , says her son , who needed extensive surgery , still lives in fear of Stibbard .
Thai police seized some 247,000 SIM cards , all purchased from Thailand 's three major cell carriers , as well as 476 cell phones that were networked to drive up website clicks on Chinese social media .
WeChat , China 's most popular social media app , benefitted from the clicks , and the arrested men , who were living in a house in a quiet Thai village , claimed that depending on the number of likes and views generated , they were paid the equivalent of between $ 2,950 and $ 4,400 per month , Yahoo News reported .
The click farm , used to inflate the number of likes and views on a website and increasing advertising revenue , was specifically aimed at the WeChat social media mobile community , according to Thai immigration police .
Sunday 's arrests occurred some 120 miles east of the Thai capital city of Bangkok .
The three Chinese citizens have been charged with working without a permit , as well as importing phones without paying the necessary duties and fees .
An investigation into how the men were able to acquire so many Thai SIM cards is currently underway .
Shanghai : Chinese army officers have a new enemy in their sights — a mobile phone battle game believed so addictive to young soldiers that it may slow them down in real-life combat .
Smartphone smash-hit `` King of Glory '' is so popular in China that its maker and internet giant Tencent last month began limiting daily playing times to `` ensure children ` s healthy development '' .
Now the Chinese army is taking aim at the multiplayer online battle game .
`` There is certainly a security risk that can ` t be overlooked , '' the People ` s Liberation Army Daily newspaper warned gravely .
`` The game requires constant attention but a soldier ` s job is full of uncertainty . Once a soldier is cut off from the game for an urgent mission , he could be absent-minded during the operation if his mind remains on the game . ''
The newspaper said officers had become worried after noticing that almost all the soldiers in one dormitory were playing the game over a weekend .
The state newspaper did concede that up to a point the game offered respite during leisure time and there are no immediate plans to ban it from barracks .
Nevertheless , the rank and file should be given `` scientific guidance '' , it added .
The game boasts up to 80 million daily users but the Chinese government is increasingly worried about the impact it is having on children and teenagers , who lock themselves away for hours for marathon sessions .
A 17-year-old gamer in the southern province of Guangdong suffered a type of stroke after spending 40 consecutive hours playing `` King of Glory '' , state media said in April .
Government and private educational institutions in Punjab and Sindh reopened on Monday ( today ) after winter vacations .
Reportedly , the attendance was poor on the first day of school after the holidays .
Winters holidays in Punjab schools were announced on December 24 , 2016 .
According to some teachers , many of the students had gone outside their cities to spend days with their relatives in villages or other cities , hoping the attendance to improve in the next couple of days .
On the other hand , some private schools in Karachi violated directives of Sindh 's education department and did n't open the schools on Monday .
However , only government schools have been opened where attendance was also recorded low .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. --
Light The Night Walk Saturday October 7
Innsbrook North Shore Commons Lawn , 4901 Lake Brook Dr. , Glen Allen ,
The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society 's Light The Night Walk funds treatments that are saving the lives of patients today . LLS is making cures happen by providing patient support services , advocating for lifesaving treatments and pioneering the most promising cancer research anywhere . And it 's all happening now . Not someday , but today . Each year friends , families and coworkers form teams to raise money in support of our mission and to celebrate , honor and remember those touched by cancer .
Registration starts at 5 and the walk is at 7 pm . For more information visit
http : //www.lightthenight.org/events/richmond
Former Olympic Champion beats the cancer - `` It is out of my body '' https : //t.co/rwS4esjTMD # volleyball pic.twitter.com/GUwkMdDOvd
One of the members of a group of paedophile pals - which included former A Current Affair reporter Ben McCormack - has been jailed by a Perth judge .
Former bank employee Leon Mario Berger , 36 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to possessing child porn at WA 's District Court , after he was caught along with two other WA paedophiles and McCormack following an interstate police operation .
And while his lawyer pointed out that McCormack had not been sent to prison over his child porn charges , Judge Patrick O'Neal said he was not satisfied that Berger had truly accepted his paedophilic disorder .
Berger was jailed for ten months , and will be eligible for parole after five .
The court had previously heard how Berger was found with sickening imagery and a video , which included one photo of a six year-old boy being abused by an adult male – an act which Berger claimed he wanted to do himself .
In Skype chats and other messaging with McCormack and WA teacher Mathew Reale — who was also in touch with the disgraced former TV journalist — Berger revealed his own perversions , which included a fantasy about a drugging , kidnapping and raping a young male relative .
“ I would do it with babies if I could , ” was just one of the messages he sent .
The court was told his desire was never acted on .
While Judge O'Neal said that the insight into Berger 's fantasies were “ confronting in the extreme ” and would cause “ revulsion ” to the general public , he was not charged over those writings , and would not be sentenced for them .
But he also said that the 38 images and one video he was found in possession with , which were sent to him over a nine-month period , were bad enough that he should serve immediate time .
“ This is not a victimless crime … one commentator has said that images like these are actually crime scene photos , ” Judge O'Neal said .
The court heard Berger and Reale , 29 , met on the Tribe paedophile chat site , with the older man developing a “ crush ” on the former Catholic primary school teacher .
Berger said Reale had sent him the child porn and he had “ played along in a fantasist way . ”
The fantasies went as far as the two men meeting twice , once with another convicted paedophile , where they all watched child porn together .
On the same day NSW police swooped on McCormack last April , WA officers arrested Berger at work .
He admitted keeping the child porn Reale sent him for two years , and viewed it at least once a week .
Berger 's lawyer Neville Barber said his client had gone into “ depraved territory ” , but any jail term should be suspended .
Reale will appear in court again tomorrow .
The Global Construction Chemicals Market is likely to attain USD 67.61 billion by 2024 . It is projected to observe significant gains over the forecast period ( 2016-2024 ) . The market is driven by rising demand from several end-use industries comprising residential and non-residential & infrastructure . Brisk move towards urbanization along with escalating focus of infrastructure growth in promising economies will stimulate the demand further .
The worldwide construction chemicals market can be segmented by products , end-users , and regions . Products are concrete admixtures , concrete sealants , concrete adhesives , and protective coatings . Concrete admixtures segment contributed for above 64.7 % of the total market volume shares in 2015 .
Browse Details of Report @ https : //www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/construction-chemicals-market
They are extensively used in concrete to improve its physical and chemical properties and are utilized in all types of constructions for instance non-buildings , residential , and non-residential infrastructure . Construction chemicals develop the power of the building structure . It provides superior durability , chemical resistance , and noticeably lowers the water and cement necessity .
End-users in the market encompass residential and non-residential & infrastructure . Non-residential & infrastructure sector accounted more than 60 % l revenue shares in 2015 . In this sector , construction chemicals find usage in manufacturing and industrial buildings , composition of warehouses , hotels and retail , and office spaces .
Main regional segments in the global construction chemicals market are Asia Pacific , North America Europe , Latin America , and the Middle East & Africa ( MEA ) . Asia Pacific was the leading market for construction chemicals in 2015 . It was valued close to 45 % in terms of value in the same year . India and China are the chief countries in this region accounting for above 50 % of the total revenue .
The worldwide construction industry is gradually recovering post the decline in 2008 and 2009 . Several European construction companies achieved substantial shares in 2015 . The expansion of the construction chemicals industry is directly linked with the intensification of construction market at the global scale .
Market participants are mounting their customer base through strategies counting exhibitions and new product launches . U.S. based Dow Chemical Company is a key participant in this market . The company manufactures an extensive variety of adhesive and sealant products . Other top most players in the market include FOSROC Chemicals India Private Limited , BASF SE , Pidilite Industries Limited , Dow Chemical Company , W.R. Grace & Company , and Sika AG .
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https : //www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/bulk-chemicals-industry
TOLEDO , Ohio ( AP ) - A man who confessed to a string of rapes and murders with his brother and now wants to be released from an Ohio prison is due back in court .
Attorneys for Nathaniel Cook say a plea deal signed nearly 20 years ago forces the court to order his release this year . A judge plans to hold a hearing Thursday in Toledo , when she could decide whether to free Cook .
The judge has ordered Cook to undergo evaluations , but she said last month that more information was needed before she could make a decision about his release .
An agreement with prosecutors two decades ago forced Nathaniel Cook to admit he killed three people while his brother confessed to killing five others in the 1980s .
His brother is serving two life sentences .
RENO , Nev. ( AP ) — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “ black people food ” — not “ white people food ” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary , according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination .
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken , BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $ 2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages , ride horses and take Wild West “ safaris ” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort .
Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment . He says Pickens ' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line .
Among other things , he says Pickens , who is white , instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “ bull ” or “ ox ” and another who had “ too much personality. ” He says she told him they did n't “ look like people we have working at the country club ” and did n't “ fit the image ” of the staff she wanted at the ranch .
Advertisement
Pickens ' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true , none of her comments were racially motivated . At worst , Pickens ' remarks “ reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy , rudeness or lack of sensitivity , ” they wrote in recent court filings .
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling 's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim . She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens ' nonprofit , Save America 's Mustangs .
“ It takes a lot to prove these allegations , ” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday .
Du agreed with Pickens ' lawyer , Dora Lane of Reno , that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “ black people food . ”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry . Some restaurants serve Mexican food , others Chinese or Thai food , she said .
“ The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense , ” Lane argued in earlier court documents . “ This is especially true here , given that Pickens ' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for ‘ black people food ' rather than a racial anima against ‘ black people ' or ‘ black people food . ' ”
Williams said Pickens ' comments about the fired employees “ not fitting in ” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite , private-club settings . Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a 5-month stint in Nevada .
“ In many cases , the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like ‘ they do not fit the image , ' ” Williams said in court documents . He added the use of the words “ ox ” and “ bull ” implies ownership of property , given “ America 's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners . ”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “ was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs . ”
“ Indeed , Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets , such as the ‘ N-word , ' ” she wrote in court documents .
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes .
Du agreed that Lane 's arguments focus on the “ plain meaning of words ” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “ African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas . ”
“ If the alleged comments were not directed at him , but others who look like him , it may affect his work environment , ” the judge said .
A new study examining breast cancer awareness in India has found that a lack of early diagnosis is leading the country towards an epidemic . They found that educating men could be key to encouraging women to seek help earlier .
The research , which is the first of its kind to look at breast cancer awareness in India , found that cultural and religious issues mean that women do n't access health services , are reluctant to consult male doctors , neglect their own health due to family obligations and are over-dependent on other family members to seek medical help , all of which causes delay in diagnosis .
The study found that traditional marketing campaigns do n't work for raising awareness of the disease and that community nurses are the most effective channel . These community nurses , who are trusted in the community and by male members in the family , represent one of the best channels of fostering a greater understanding by men about early symptoms and diagnosis . The study is published this week in the Journal of Business Research .
The research highlights the significance of the country 's rapid economic development , leading to greater urbanisation , which is leading some women towards a western lifestyle resulting in a rise of breast cancer rates . It describes the issue as one of the biggest health threats facing India today .
Judith Fletcher-Brown , from the University of Portsmouth , visited the country to explore the unique social , economic , cultural and institutional challenges in this emerging economy . She learned that in India 's cities and urban areas , breast cancer is the most commonly diagnosed type of cancer among women . 70,218 Indian women died of breast cancer in 2012 and deaths from the disease are predicted to increase to 76,000 in 2020 with an average age of incidence shifting to 30 years from 50 years . Yet women seek medical care extremely late due to lack of awareness about self-examination and cultural barriers .
Judith interviewed several women by email about their experiences in order to elicit the most open answers to her questions . One participant said that even among friends they are too shy , although there is more openness between mothers and daughters .
Judith said : `` India is still a patriarchal society and while women are now in responsible jobs and earning for their families , it 's the men who are still the head of the household . Even educated professional women do not discuss private matters about their bodies with their husbands , fathers or brothers so it 's essential to direct health messages towards men to increase their awareness of and willingness to discuss the problem . Their understanding is pivotal in enabling female family members to access medical help at the earliest stage . ''
She also ran focus groups with experts from various breast cancer medical practitioners .
`` They told us that in India the subject is taboo and rarely discussed within the family , between men and women or even between husband and wife . ''
She found that community health nurses had the greatest impact in raising awareness of early breast cancer symptoms with both men and women . These Accredited Social Health Activists ( ASHAs ) are embedded in the community and are far more effective than national advertising campaigns in overcoming cultural barriers because they have the trust of husbands and fathers as well as the women at risk .
The study showed that schools are the second best channel through which to raise awareness in young women , and in third place was the media , which has seen some success in raising awareness through charity initiatives in the country . Traditional marketing campaigns were one of the least effective channels .
Judith , from the Department of Marketing and Sales , highlighted the Westernisation of Indian women as a key issue caused by the country 's burgeoning economy : `` Women are having fewer children later in life and breastfeeding them less which increases their chance of developing the disease . Working women in urban India often have a more western diet leading to obesity which also increases the risk alongside a lack of infrastructure for early diagnosis .
`` The emerging economy of India has presented women with new found economic independence and career opportunities but the lack of breast cancer awareness campaigns puts even these educated women at risk . ''
The Indian government recognises the problem and has invested money in marketing campaigns via non-governmental organisations ( NGOs ) . But the research indicated that such campaigns are not reaching the target audience .
India 's crisis especially manifests in the thriving cities of Mumbai , Delhi , Bengaluru , Bhopal , Kolkata , Chennai and Ahmedabad , where employment opportunities for women are increasing . A recent report identified the significance of employing more women in India could add $ 2.9 trillion to India 's annual GDP by 2025 . A healthy female Indian workforce is crucial if the country is to benefit from its demographic advantage and sustain its thriving economy .
Professor Vijay Pereira , second author on the paper , said that the magnitude of the problem is enormous and has major policy implications for the Indian government , who he is urging to tackle the problem with better targeted campaigns .
He said : `` Our findings reveal complex challenges at national , state and community levels . What is clear is that the state healthcare sector must transform itself to deliver quality breast cancer healthcare and awareness underpinned by effective use of social marketing campaigns . This research presents several proposals that would assist health marketers working in India 's emerging economy . ''
# # #
The paper is published in the Journal of Business Research , entitled : Health marketing in an emerging market : The critical role of signalling theory in breast cancer awareness . The authors are Judith Fletcher-Brown from the University of Portsmouth and Professor Vijay Pereira and Dr Munyar Nyadzayo from the University of Wollongong in Dubai .
Regulators order S. Carolina utility to start cutting rates
COLUMBIA , S.C. ( AP ) — Customers of South Carolina Electric & Gas Co. moved another step closer Tuesday to seeing a rate reduction after a failed multibillion-dollar nuclear project .
During a brief meeting , the Public Service Commission ordered South Carolina Electric & Gas to start dropping rates by 15 percent beginning this summer , according to a Commission document posted online . The commission said that it wants SCE & G to begin the lowered rates in August , with the 15 percent rate cuts for April , May , June and July to be paid out as a credit in the August billing cycle .
SCE & G has tried to halt the cut , filing a federal lawsuit seeking to stop regulators from slashing the rates the utility now charges to recover its costs from the failed reactor construction project at the V.C . Summer Nuclear Station . SCE & G and the state-owned utility Santee Cooper had spent more than $ 9 billion when they abandoned the project last summer , citing the bankruptcy of lead contractor Westinghouse .
Last week , state lawmakers ordered the commission to reduce SCE & G 's rates until regulators decide by year 's end who should fund the abandoned project . Eighteen percent of SCE & G customers ' rates are currently going to pay for the reactors , or about $ 27 monthly for the typical residential customer . The law passed last week would cut that to $ 5 a month .
Gov . Henry McMaster vetoed the measure , asking lawmakers to stay and pass a bill that fully eliminates the 18 percent surcharge on SCE & G bills because that was the only fair solution . Both the House and Senate quickly voted to override that action .
SCE & G has argued that the action taken by lawmakers is unconstitutional and that it 's unfair to change the rules for collecting ratepayers ' money for the project a decade after work stated . In a statement emailed to The Associated Press after the commission 's Tuesday vote , Rhonda O'Banion , a spokeswoman for SCE & G parent company SCANA , said the utility still believes the new law `` is an unlawful and unconstitutional taking of private property '' but that SCE & G `` is taking necessary steps to comply '' with it .
A state law approved in 2007 allowed SCE & G to begin charging customers for the reactors before they were completed . That law also ordered regulators to approve rate increases when needed to complete the project . The PSC has done so nine times since the project started .
Rates of state-owned utility Santee Cooper , which owned about 45 percent of the project , are not covered by the commission . Its customers are also being charged extra for the failed project , although much less .
___
Reach Kinnard at http : //twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read her work at https : //apnews.com/search/meg % 20kinnard .
By : Muhammad Waheed , Staff Writer
Towson set four school records and came in first place with 214 points at the Towson Invitational Saturday at Johnny Unitas Stadium .
“ I was very pleased with what I saw , ” Head Coach Mike Jackson said . “ We had a tough week of practice and did a lot of hard work in the weight room . Some people were really putting a lot of emphasis on performing well for their friends , families and fans and they did just that . ”
Freshman Jamila Brown , sophomore Liz Reid and seniors Zanae Freeland and Megan Kelly won the 4×400-meter relay race and set a new school record with a time of 3:44.38 .
“ It was a good race , ” Jackson said . “ We put Zanae on the four by four and we had n't put her on there for quite a while , and everybody did their part . We won our race which was important and then we were able to achieve a school record so it was great to see . ”
Brown , Reid , Freeland and sophomore Jaina McLean won the 4×100-meter relay race with a school record time of 45.87 .
“ [ The 4×100-meter relay ] was even more impressive , ” Jackson said . “ One of our athletes who was on that original relay sat out just to fuel up a little bit . I was very impressed with the relay we put together and we did n't have a lot of competition that was close to us so it 's good to see how well we did . ”
Kelly won and set a new school record in the 400-meter dash with a time of 54.25 .
“ That was impressive and probably a little bit more than we expected at this time , ” Jackson said . “ She won the overall race by three seconds , but she ran it very well and we 'll build on that and try to see if we can potentially run another 400 race sometime soon . ”
Sophomore Lauren Coleman placed second in the shot put event and set a new school record with a 14.48-meter throw .
“ She 's having a great year , ” Jackson said . “ Ever since coach [ Jeff ] Rebholz got here she 's been working really well with him and working on her craft and really putting in the time to get better . It 's great to see and we 're looking forward to seeing how she performs when it matters most at our conference championship . ”
Towson will split squads this coming weekend and compete in the Morgan State Legacy Meet and the Princeton Larry Ellis Invitational .
“ The majority of the team will be at Morgan State and a handful of distance runners will go to Princeton because it 's a good meet for them , ” Jackson said . “ It fits them well and last year we won at Morgan State so we 'll hope to do the same thing this year . ”
England manager Gareth Southgate has vowed to select players based on form not reputation while admitting that the team 's current world ranking of 13th is just not good enough .
Southgate , who replaced Sam Allardyce on an interim basis in September and was named full-time manager in November after four matches in charge , has been tasked with reviving England 's fortunes after a disastrous Euro 2016 campaign .
“ I 'm very conscious I 've got to get the balance right because ultimately my responsibility is to produce a winning England team , ” the 46-year-old told the Daily Telegraph in an interview .
“ I never pick on reputation — form has to come into it . You have to look at the opposition and the type of game you 're expecting and select the players best suited to that .
“ We have players of great potential but at the moment we 're 13th in the world . We 've got to be better , everything we do has got to be better . Even being second in the world is n't good enough , we have to be the best we can be , and that 's the best . ”
Southgate also said his side needed to develop the same ruthless winning mentality that Eddie Jones has instilled in the country 's rugby team , which has led to their unprecedented run of success .
“ It 's clear they do n't believe they can be beaten . That plays a huge role , ” Southgate said after Jones ' side scored a late converted try to beat Wales 21-16 in Cardiff last Saturday to extend their winning streak to 16 games .
“ You get a sense of the culture that 's there . One of the things I was interested in was that culture .
“ How are they working ? How do they deliver ? Because that 's what we are trying to take into the England team : how do we create an environment that will bring the best out of the players ?
“ Confidence plays a part . As a coach , you 're working out how to challenge at every moment . That said , the challenge should also come from the players themselves . Ownership of what they are doing is really important . ”
The top of a mountain is generally not the place you expect to eat some best cheesecake of your life , particularly not the top of a mountain in Japan . Yet this was exactly what happened on a day trip to Mount Takao just outside of Tokyo , when I stumbled on cheesecake shop Tenguya , conveniently nestled by the cable car back to ground level . Tenguya sells crispy pastry tarts filled with a creamy , light and fluffy cheesecake centre akin to taking a bite out of the mountain 's surrounding clouds .
This light and fluffy mousse-like form ( affectionately known as “ fuwa-fuwa ” in Japanese onomatopoeia ) is typical of the cheesecake varieties native to Japan . While nothing about cheesecake may seem typically Japanese — dairy , cake — it 's a modern staple in cafes , bakeries , patisseries , specialty shops , convenience stores and dessert menus across Japan . Several cheesecake tart chains , like BAKE and PABLO , are renowned for attracting around-the-block queues for their stores , both nationally and internationally .
There are two main types of Japanese cheesecake , both the result of a slight remodelling to fit local tastes — lighter , less sweet and delightfully lower in calories . The Japanese “ souffle ” cheesecake is a baked variety , but differs from a traditional New York-style baked cheesecake by incorporating a meringue egg white batter to the cream cheese mixture , which is cooked in a bain-marie to produce a soft , chiffon-like consistency . It may or may not have a molten center , depending on the cooking time , and is also sometimes topped with a smear of apricot jam . Japan also has its own take on the Western unbaked cheesecake , known as “ rare ” cheesecake . This version uses a setting agent , like agar-agar or gelatin , and a base of cream cheese and yogurt rather than cream , giving it a sour tang .
To reach this point of distinction and global following , Japanese cheesecake traversed the globe , went through many iterations , and overcame challenges in culinary predispositions . Its history is therefore relatively brief — around 40 years — considering the cheesecake 's history of over 2000 years . The oldest record of cheesecake is credited to the writer Athenaeus in 230 AD , but records from as far back as 776 BC note it being fed to players of the Olympic Games to provide stamina for tired bodies . Archaeological findings show this version as cheesecake made from flour , wheat , honey and cheese , and was more of a pudding-style number .
Romans spread the Greek cheesecake across Europe , with the modern baked-style cheesecake thought to have its origins in medieval Poland , and was a mixture of cottage cheese , creme patissiere , lightly fermented raw milk and fresh cheeses . Polish immigrants took this cake with them to the US , then after the invention of cream cheese in New York in 1872 , cheesecake recipes featuring cream cheese began to appear .
Meanwhile in Japan , the recently-established Meiji government was encouraging the adoption of foreign foods , with a recipe book published in 1873 making the first mention of cheesecake — albeit a mixture of cheese and rice rather than a Western-regarded “ cake. ” But as traditional Japanese palates of the time found cheese particularly noisome , the cake was not readily adopted . It was n't until the postwar period , when American forces stationed in Japan had brought with them American-baked cheesecake , along with other foreign flavors and foods , that tastes started to evolve . During the early Showa Period , soft cottage cheese and cream cheeses were introduced to Japan , and began appearing as a novel ingredient in traditional confectionary , which grew in consumption with the introduction of electric refrigerators in the home during the 1950s , and slowly the Japanese partiality for cheese and cheese-based desserts followed .
Commercial pioneers of cheesecake in Japan appeared in the 1960s . On a trip to Berlin in 1969 , Tomotaro Kuzuno , owner of Kobe 's Morozoff , encountered a local käsekuchen cheesecake ( a German variant ) , and was so enamoured that he decided it needed to be made available back in his home country . Rikuro Ojisan in Osaka was among the first chains serving up the characteristic wobbly , airy , souffle-style Japanese cheesecake . During the 1970s , women 's magazines featuring cheesecake catalysed a boom in the cake 's popularity across the country . In the late 1980s , more desserts featuring cheese-like tiramisu and cheese-filled steamed buns began to appear and solidify the place of cheese in Japanese cuisine . Since the 1990s , the appetite for , and availability of , cheesecake has been widespread across Japan .
If climbing a mountain for cheesecake is n't your thing , PABLO has its largest store in Harajuku , also serving up flavors like matcha with red beans in addition to a traditional plain cheesecake , and letting customers decide whether they want their cheese tarts taken out of the oven a little earlier , for an oozy centre , or baked a little longer for a mousse-like centre . BAKE , which uses three different cheeses in their cheesecake tarts — one from Hakodate in Hokkaido — can be found in various parts of Tokyo . Otherwise , there are many other chains , cheesecake-selling cafes , and even regular old konbinis where you can sample the soft and fuwa-fuwa delight of Japanese cheesecake .
It was a golden celebration recently as a sparkling couple crossed the Atlantic to celebrate a marriage milestone at Mugdock Country Park .
Richard Graham , chieftain of The Clan Graham Society of North America , and his wife , Kate , were in Scotland to mark their 50th wedding anniversary .
And , given Clan Graham 's close links to Mugdock , no visit to Caledonia would have been complete without a family celebration at the park .
Richard and Kate were greeted by the 8th Duke of Montrose , James Graham ( clan chief ) , East Dunbartonshire Provost Alan Brown , Stirling Provost Christine Simpson , Councillor Jim Gibbons , chair of Mugdock Country Park Joint Management Committee , vice-chair Councillor Graham Lambie , park employees and representatives of Mugdock Trust , Donald Shankland and Robby Kelly .
Provost Brown , who presented the couple with gifts to mark their anniversary , said : “ I was delighted to welcome Richard and Kate Graham back to Mugdock Country Park , which must feel like a second home for them by now .
“ Richard and Kate are great supporters of Mugdock and organise the regular visits to Scotland by The Clan Graham Society of North America . It was appropriate that the presentation of gifts took place at Mugdock Castle , the historic seat of the Clan Graham . I wish Richard and Kate all the very best for the future . ”
Every five years The Clan Graham Society of North America comes to Scotland and visits key sites associated with the clan . The Clan holds a Mugdock Auction at its AGM and raises funds for the improvement and development of Mugdock Castle , which includes the Graham room , funded by the clan .
Around 50 members visited Mugdock Country Park in 2015 and presented a cheque for £5,000 to the Mugdock Trust . In 2017 , they marched behind the Duke of Montrose at the Edinburgh Military Tattoo .
Clan Graham contributions are used for projects which enhance the visitor experience at Mugdock Castle .
Heinz in hot water after misleading consumers The West Australian
The children 's snack food 'Shredz ' is high in sugar despite claims they 're healthy .
Barnaby Joyce has started two weeks of sick leave , with his Nationals leader saying it 's up to his local branch to decide his political future .
The former deputy prime minister has taken two weeks off sick after recording a tell-all , $ 150,000 interview with his staffer-turned-partner Vikki Campion .
Mr Joyce had been granted medical leave until the end of June , meaning he would n't be back at parliament until mid-August , after the winter break .
But on Wednesday he said he 'll back before the next sitting on June 18 .
`` Contrary to reports , I 'm taking to leave until June 15 following a routine check-up . The medical certificate provided allowed for a month , '' Mr Joyce tweeted .
`` I look forward to resuming parliamentary duties . The electorate office will continue normal operations in this fortnight . ''
Nationals leader Michael McCormack confirmed Mr Joyce presented a medical certificate before the party gave him four weeks ' paid sick leave .
The current deputy prime minister also told Michelle Grattan 's The Conversation podcast it was up to Mr Joyce 's electorate whether he stayed in politics .
`` That 'll be a matter for him and that 'll be a matter for the National party in New England , '' Mr McCormack said .
`` That 'll be a matter for a branch to nominate him and then that 'll be a matter for the branch members in New England as to whether or not they decide if he nominates or if anybody else nominates . ''
He raised the example of Liberal Assistant Minister Jane Prentice , who lost her own preselection despite being a sitting MP .
`` That 's democracy at work , '' Mr McCormack said .
Mr Joyce 's sudden departure comes six weeks after he and staffer-turned-partner Vikki Campion welcomed a baby boy .
The backbencher and his ex-media advisor have been widely criticised after deciding to pocket $ 150,000 for a television tell-all about their affair .
Mr Joyce and Ms Campion 's interview will be broadcast on Sunday night .
Mr Joyce jumped to the back bench after his relationship with Ms Campion became public in February . Their son Sebastian was born on April 16 .
He has split from his wife Natalie , the mother of their four daughters .
( Left to Right ) Jim Hanni , AAA Kansas ; Lt. Neufeld and Chief McClarty , McPherson Police Department .
McPHERSON , Kan. – During the McPherson City Council meeting Monday morning , the McPherson Police Department represented by Chief Robert McClarty and Lt. Stan Neufeld were presented with their second AAA Kansas Traffic Safety Award by Jim Hanni of AAA Kansas .
The award 's purpose is to encourage communities to address local traffic safety issues in a coordinated and cost-effective way . Communities can score points for the utilization of each traffic safety enforcement , education , emergency medical response , and engineering programs they conduct and submit , as well as the traffic safety statistics achieved and reported .
They also scored points for having a departmental policy requiring all employees to wear a seat belt .
They were also being recognized for their participation in the highly successful , Kansas-born SAFE seat belt usage education program at McPherson High School , but they also work with Washington , Lincoln & Roosevelt Elementary schools , too .
The department was being recognized for their new social media education efforts on Facebook , with Traffic Stop Tuesday , posting information on traffic safety topics selected from citizen 's concerns .
They were also recognized for the stepped up , high visibility enforcement support of Click It Or Ticket , You Drink You Drive You Lose and speed enforcement efforts in the spring and the fall . Proof of their efforts in traffic safety are shown in the trend of McPherson traffic safety statistics : Teen belt use is at 86 % . Child passenger seat use is at 88 % and adult belt use has risen from 74 % in '12 to 85 % in ‘ 15 ; and there has only been one fatality in the past four years , three of those years , then , with none .
McPherson Police Department qualified for a SILVER Award , given to communities that implement programs and projects that demonstrate a STRONG , SUSTAINED effort to address local traffic safety issues .
Pope Francis lighting the Easter candle before the entrance procession of the Easter Vigil Mass in St Peters Basilica on April 4 2015 . Photo credit : LOsservatore Romano CNA
Vatican City , Apr 15 , 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- During Easter Vigil at the Vatican Pope Francis noted that many people today mirror the sadness and grief of the women who went to Jesus ' tomb thinking he was still dead .
However , the Resurrection , he said , offers new hope for those who have perhaps lost it .
“ That is what this night calls us to proclaim : the heartbeat of the Risen Lord . Christ is alive ! ” the Pope said April 15 .
It is the excitement of this message , he said , that made them hurry back to tell the others that Jesus had risen : “ That is what made them return in haste to tell the news . That is what made them lay aside their mournful gait and sad looks . They returned to the city to meet up with the others . ”
Like the women , each us has also visited the tomb during the vigil , he said , and urged Christians to “ go back ” with the women into their cities with news of Jesus ' rising .
“ Let us all retrace our steps and change the look on our faces , ” he said . “ Let us go back with them to tell the news in all those places where the grave seems to have the final word , where death seems the only way out . ”
The Pope told them go back and proclaim the truth that “ the Lord is alive ! He is living and he wants to rise again in all those faces that have buried hope , buried dreams , buried dignity . ”
Ministry of Social Cohesion releases Draft Social Cohesion Plan for public feedback
Georgetown , Guyana – ( February 14 , 2017 ) The Ministry of Social Cohesion , today , released a Draft of its Social Cohesion Strategic Plan 2017-2021 , which is now open for public feedback for a period of one week .
The Ministry desires to have all persons involved in the promotion and enhancement of social cohesion in Guyana , and as such , has made the Draft available to the public . Persons interested in reviewing the plan to provide feedback can visit the following link :
http : //www.motp.gov.gy/index.php/notices/policies
Feedback on the Draft Strategic Plan can be forwarded to Ministry at the following email address : mosc.motp @ gmail.com
The period for feedback closes on Tuesday , February 21 , 2017 . The Social Cohesion Strategic Plan 2017-2021 was compiled following 30 consultation sessions the Ministry hosted countywide , which saw participation from about 1,485 persons . Lead Consultant for the Social Cohesion National Strategic Plan , Dr Thomas Gittens said that overall , the consultation process was a good one , and showcased people 's willingness to work toward national unity .
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
LONDON , April 6 Gulf Keystone Petroleum , an oil producer in Iraq 's Kurdistan region , cut its annual pretax loss to $ 17 million last year after a debt-for-equity deal saved it from going under .
The oil company , which swapped $ 500 million of debt for equity in deal that diluted shareholders ' ownership to 5 percent , reduced its pretax loss from $ 213 million in 2015 , its annual results statement showed on Thursday .
Gulf Keystone , which was worth $ 3 billion in its heyday around 2012 , said it had a cash balance of $ 112.7 million as of Wednesday , meaning the company has enough money available to invest in increasing production at its flagship Shaikan oil field .
Annual production is expected to rise to between 32,000 and 38,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) , compared with an average of 34,794 bpd in 2016 , the company said . ( Reporting by Karolin Schaps ; Editing by David Holmes )
KGO 810 has your shot to score tickets into the Golden Gate Kennel Club Dog Show happening January 28 and January 29 at the Cow Palace in San Francisco ! Register below for your shot to win tickets !
Click here for ticket and event info !
It 's common knowledge that using your phone while driving is dangerous . But people do it anyway – around twice as much as they 're willing to admit , according to a new study .
The study by Zendrive , a research company working to improve road safety , looked at 570 million trips among 3.1 million drivers between December 2016 and February 2017 and found drivers used their phones a whooping 88 percent of the time .
They also found time on phones averaged three and a half minutes for every hour of driving . Looking away from the road for two seconds increases your chances of crashing 24 times over .
That number is much higher than previous studies that asked drivers to self-identify if they were texting while driving . About 40 percent of drivers admitted in a 2016 AAA Foundation survey that they read an email or text while driving in the past month , and about a third said they had written a text or email .
Meanwhile , 81 percent said texting while driving is a “ very serious threat to safety ” and 88 percent support a texting ban , according to the same survey . Nearly all states and U.S. territories have blanket laws banning either handheld phone use or texting while driving , with Montana , Missouri , Arizona and Texas the exceptions . All four of those states have proposed those laws but have not passed them , though Texas does ban the use of phones in school zones .
The state with the most distracted drivers was Vermont , according to Zendrive , and the least distracted drivers were in Oregon . It 's unclear how much of an effect bans on phone use have on cutting down on distracted driving , based on Zendrive 's findings .
In 2015 , 3,477 people were killed due to distracted driving and nearly 400,000 were injured , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
Uh-Oh !
We ca n't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information .
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘ Connect Account ' button and verifying your subscription information .
BEDMINSTER , N.J. ( AP ) — As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent , pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump , who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation , was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China 's trade practices . But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday 's violence , for which he blamed bigotry on “ many sides . ”
His attorney general , Jeff Sessions , said Monday the incident in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters , killing one person , “ does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute . ”
He told ABC 's “ Good Morning America ” : “ You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America . ”
Sessions said he expects to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with him Monday , as well as officials from the FBI .
“ We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility , ” Sessions told “ CBS This Morning . ”
In the hours after the incident , Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes , saying that he condemns “ in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides . ”
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation , Trump added : “ It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not Barack Obama . It 's been going on for a long , long time . ”
The White House statement Sunday went further . “ The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. ” It added : “ He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement . Usually , a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer ; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual 's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance .
Trump 's top advisers later struggled to explain Trump 's position , offering different responses .
Trump 's national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism . On Saturday , Trump had not responded to reporters ' shouted questions about terrorism .
“ I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism , ” McMaster told ABC 's “ This Week. ” ″It meets the definition of terrorism . But what this is , what you see here , is you see someone who is a criminal , who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans . ”
The president 's homeland security adviser , Tom Bossert , defended the president 's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent , too . When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN 's “ State of the Union , ” he specifically condemned the racist groups .
The president 's daughter and White House aide , Ivanka Trump , tweeted Sunday morning : “ There should be no place in society for racism , white supremacy and neo-nazis . ”
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe , a Democrat , said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president “ we have to stop this hateful speech , this rhetoric. ” He said he urged Trump “ to come out stronger ” against the actions of white supremacists .
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists . Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “ This is n't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines . This is a time to lay blame . ”
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city 's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee . Counter-protesters massed in opposition .
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations . Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “ fulfill the promises of Donald Trump . ”
Trump 's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer , which wrote : “ Trump comments were good . He did n't attack us . He just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . … No condemnation at all. ” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “ Summer of Hate ” edition .
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer , a Democrat , slammed Trump 's stance toward hate groups , saying on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” that he hopes Trump “ looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with . ”
“ Old saying : when you dance with the devil , the devil does n't change , the devil changes you , ” Signer said .
Trump , as a presidential candidate , frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists . His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily , only when asked , and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign . His chief strategist , Steve Bannon , once declared that his former news site , Breitbart , was “ the platform for the alt-right . ”
Share . `` At some point , the numbers become a factor . '' `` At some point , the numbers become a factor . ''
EA sees FIFA 18 's Switch port as a test for the popularity of its games on Nintendo 's latest console , and is seemingly using it to decide whether to continue releasing games on the platform .
Speaking to Edge Magazine , EA executive vice president Patrick Söderlund explains that , `` we want to be a part of the Switch , and help Nintendo grow that installed base [ ... ] But at the same time we have to look at it from a resource standpoint and , at some point , the numbers become a factor .
`` So for us it 's about supporting the platform , building technology for the platform , testing it out with big things like FIFA – and maybe a couple of others , we 'll see – and if they go well , I see no reason why we should n't have as much of our portfolio on that platform as possible . I hope we get there , that would be my personal ambition . ''
It remains to be seen what EA 's 'couple of other ' big games could be at this point .
There are encouraging and discouraging precedents here . On the one hand , Capcom took a very similar stance with its release of Ultra Street Fighter 2 - and has since said the test was a success .
On the other , EA 's release of FIFA on Nintendo 's last console , Wii U was clearly deemed unsuccessful , ending what had been called an `` unprecedented partnership '' between the publisher and console maker until this year .
FIFA 18 on Switch will be released on the same day as all versions of the game - September 29 - but wo n't include Journey mode and wo n't run on the Frostbite engine that powers many of the mainline version 's big changes this year .
Joe Skrebels is IGN 's UK News Editor , and he really wants one of those Switch ports to be A Way Back . Follow him on Twitter .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Janelle Monae has announced a North American tour in support of her first new album in five years , called Dirty Computer .
The tour is set to begin June 11 at King County 's Maymoor Park in Seattle before wrapping up Aug. 4 at the Tabernacle performing arts theater in Atlanta . The singer will also be making stops in cities such as Los Angeles , Denver , Chicago , Detroit , Nashville , New York , Boston and Miami among others .
Tickets go on sale for the general public on May 2 through LiveNation . Monae said on Instagram that a pre-sale will begin on Wednesday at 10 a.m. local time .
`` I am excited to announce the # DirtyComputer is going on Tour ! ! ! '' the singer said alongside a poster for the tour . `` Every online ticket purchased includes a digital copy of my new album , # DirtyComputer . Out everywhere FRIDAY ! More tour dates coming ... '' she continued .
Monae also released a new music video Monday for her song `` I Like That , '' which will appear on her new album . The clip features multiple clones of Monae performing inside of an auditorium before she sings inside of a white bathtub .
The video for `` I Like That '' follows the release of visuals for other Dirty Computer singles `` Make Me Feel , '' `` Django Jane '' and `` Pynk . ''
Crete ( Ill. ) Monee junior defensive end prospect Deion Harry ( 6-foot-5 , 245 pounds ) was able to add an offer earlier this week from Oregon State University . Harry , who had earlier offers from two FCS level schools recaps his thoughts on adding his first FBS level offer from the OSU Beavers and more in this recruiting update .
`` The coaches from Oregon State offered me a scholarship earlier today ( Tuesday ) , '' Harry said . `` They made an in school visit a week or two ago and watched one of my workouts . I knew they were interested but the offer was a great surprise no doubt . ''
Harry discussed his impressions of Oregon State .
`` I honestly do n't know a ton about them to be honest but I 've already started going online to do some research . I 've been in contact with Coach Tibs ( Tim Tibesar ) going back to when he was at Wisconsin so I 've known him for a bit . Oregon State plays in the PAC 12 conference which is a great football conference . Oregon State likes me on the defensive line and feel I can play at several spots for them . Oregon State wants me to come out and visit them soon and I 'll get out to see the school in person this summer . It 's a big offer and I 'm pretty excited and so is my family . ''
Harry has remained focused on finishing up his junior year of high school .
`` We finish up the school year next week . We have finals on Friday and then again on Monday and Tuesday next week . We start up our team camp on June 6th at 8AM and I ca n't wait to get the summer here and to get going on football season . ''
Harry is also looking towards some of his upcoming summer college camp plans .
`` I 'm going to camp at North Central College on June 7th along with camping at Northwestern on June 10th . I just added another camp to Michigan State on June 16th and then a visit and camp to North Dakota on June 21st . ''
Harry has also drawn some new additional recruiting attention over the past few weeks .
`` Iowa , Kentucky and Washington State have all been in touch lately and they all want to see me camp with them this summer . ''
Deion Harry has scholarship offers from Oregon State , Stephen F. Austin and North Dakota .
A FORMAL complaint will be lodged with the Queensland Parliament following the tabling of a document containing explosive allegations about Ipswich politicians .
Acting Mayor Paul Tully says he is preparing a formal submission to the speaker to force an apology from Cairns MP Rob Pyne who used parliamentary privilege to make the allegations public .
Mr Pyne is protected from defamation suits while making the statements in parliament .
READ MORE :
> > Claims Pisasale pressured shops for haircuts : parliament
> > Calls for council corruption inquiry amid Ipswich probe
Cr Tully has labelled Mr Pyne 's actions `` a joke '' and says Mr Pyne should reveal who provided him with the detailed information alleging long term corruption .
Acting Mayor Paul Tully says he is preparing a formal submission to the speaker to force an apology from Cairns MP Rob Pyne who used parliamentary priviledge to make the allegations public .
`` He 's provided no evidence of any of his claims , '' Cr Tully said .
`` But I believe it 's come from another member of parliament and Mr Pyne should disclose where he claims to be getting this information from and the evidence on which it is based .
`` This is the worst attack I 've ever seen on individuals and not just in politics… on people in the community who ca n't defend themselves . ''
Cairns MP Rob Pyne The Courier Mail
But Mr Pyne says he had good reasons for tabling the explosive document and would n't have done so if he had n't been confident it had come from a reliable source .
`` If Mr Tully thinks this is a joke , then why is n't he laughing ? '' Mr Pyne said .
`` I am acting as a voice for greater Queensland . These are not my allegations .
`` But I would n't have tabled the document if it had n't been given to me directly by someone with a very long history in the Ipswich area and a detailed understanding of Labor Party politics , in the area .
`` Mr Tully may call me a disgrace but let 's see what happens over coming weeks . ''
Mr Pyne said he recognised there was momentum in the space of council corruption , referring to the latest CCC investigation , and wanted to highlight the `` cultural deficiencies around local government in the Ipswich area '' .
`` It might help push for greater accountability and transparency . ''
Cr Tully says he will lodge his formal submission to the speaker next week and his response will address each claim made in the four-page document presented to the Queensland Parliament last night .
By The Associated Press
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman , the spiritual leader of Israel 's non-Hassidic ultra-Orthodox Jews of European descent , has died . He was 104 .
Shteinman died on Tuesday from a heart attack after falling ill weeks ago .
Shteinman was one of Israel 's most influential rabbis and a political kingmaker whose orders were strictly followed by his representatives in parliament .
Following the 2012 death of his predecessor , Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv , he was widely regarded as “ Gadol Hador , ” or “ leader of the generation. ” Hundreds of thousands are expected to attend his funeral in the central Israeli ultra-Orthodox city of Bnei Brak .
Advertisement
Shteinman was known for his rabbinic scholarship , relatively pragmatic rulings and extremely modest lifestyle .
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin called him a leader who “ carried on his shoulders the existential weight of the Jewish people . ”
A team of neuroscientists from the Champalimaud Centre for the Unknown ( CCU ) , in Lisbon , Portugal , has discovered that were it not for specific taste neurons located in the fruit fly 's proboscis ( the equivalent of our tongue ) , the fly would not develop a craving for protein even when in excruciating need of it . The results , published in the journal eLife , could represent a step towards preventing the transmission of certain insect-borne human diseases .
The team had already shown that flies can develop a craving for proteins when they are deprived of essential amino-acids , that is , when they lack the protein building-blocks that their organism is unable to synthesize . But the neuronal mechanisms involved were not known .
In the new study , led by Carlos Ribeiro and whose first authors are Kathrin Steck and Samuel Walker , the scientists now show that this involves changes in the taste system - and identify two groups of neurons that are necessary for this protein craving .
The team set out to search for the sensory neurons that accounted for the appetite that flies develop for yeast when they are amino-acid deprived . Yeast is the main natural protein source for fruit flies , and flies eat protein when lacking essential amino-acids .
`` The first step was to systematically silence different neurons in the fly to look for the ones which , when turned off , eliminated the protein-deprived fly 's appetite for yeast '' , explains Ribeiro .
Indeed , the authors found that silencing specific taste neurons inhibited flies ' appetite for yeast . This was true even when protein needs were at their highest : the females used in this part of the study were mated , and therefore had a large demand for protein for the production of eggs .
Actually , the scientists identified two different sets of taste neurons involved in the insects ' yeast appetite : one on the outside of the proboscis and one on its inner surface .
They then confirmed the role of the identified taste neurons by recording their activity when they were fully functional . `` We showed that in the amino-acid-deprived fly , if you put yeast on their tongue , you see a specific reaction to yeast in those taste neurons '' , says Ribeiro .
`` We were surprised to see that the response of those taste neurons to yeast was increased after flies were fed on a diet lacking amino acids '' , notes Ribeiro . The team was not expecting that such a change in response to the same taste , depending on the fly 's hunger , could happen at such an early stage in sensory processing , that is , right at the tip of the tongue . `` The neurons became very sensitive to yeast and they fired very strongly '' in the presence of yeast .
According to Ribeiro , this means that these specific proboscis neurons make yeast taste much better to the animals lacking amino-acids , thus accounting for their yeast craving . `` These neurons change the way the fruit fly sees the world '' , he notes .
Besides amino-acid status , flies ' craving for protein is influenced by another important internal state : their mating state . This is because after flies mate , they start producing eggs , and this egg production absolutely depends on ingestion of protein . `` Pregnant female flies eat much more protein than virgin females because they need to make eggs '' , says Ribeiro .
Surprisingly , though , the team found no effect of the reproductive state of the fly on the taste neurons ' activity , whether they were amino-acid satiated or deprived . `` This is one of the first studies '' , says Ribeiro , `` to show that mating changes the way the fly tastes the world at a different level of the brain '' , and not at the level of the tongue . A result , he adds , that `` is very important for neuroscience '' , insomuch as many different internal states affect behavior but it is not known precisely how the signals from each of them are integrated by the brain to produce a particular behavior .
Eat and keep on eating
But there 's more . The team further showed that each of the two sets of neurons regulated a different part of the insects ' feeding behavior . This novel result , says Ribeiro , was possible only with the `` flyPAD '' , a technology that had been developed by the laboratory at the CCU . `` The flyPAD allows us to see very precisely how the animal eats '' , he explains . `` It uses touch-screen technology like that in your iPad or iPhone '' .
More specifically , the scientists discovered that the taste neurons on the outside of the proboscis were responsible for the initiation of the feeding behavior , while the ones on the inside sustained the feeding behavior . `` The first set makes the fly start to eat yeast , telling if it is the right food , and the second set tells it to keep on eating it , that yeast is still the right food '' , Ribeiro summarizes .
If similar taste neurons were also at play in the mosquito 's protein craving , this could have implications in terms of controlling malaria and other mosquito-borne diseases . For the most part , mosquitoes live on nectar : only females sting animals and humans because they absolutely need protein from their blood to lay eggs .
`` If mosquitoes have similar taste neurons as flies , a chemical which would block those taste neurons in female mosquitoes could cancel this craving '' , says Ribeiro , thus preventing the transmission of the malaria parasite from insect to person . `` This would be an interesting contribution to stopping the spread of many deadly diseases . ''
# # #
Catching up with the Wall Street Journal yesterday , I found Saturday 's Journal editorial “ Mr . Comey 's bad week. ” The editorial focuses on the Comey memos that I posted together with my 10 notes on them . My notes overlap in part with the points made in the Journal editorial as it uses the memos to make “ a weasel assessment. ” The Journal editorial makes one good point that I missed and one critical point that I overlooked .
A good point on Michael Flynn :
[ F ] ar from suggesting the President encouraged the FBI director to close his eyes to a crime , the memos make clear Mr. Trump was making the case Mr. Flynn had n't done anything wrong .
A critical point that I overlooked :
[ C ] ontrary to [ Comey 's ] claims , the memos suggest little reason for appointing a special counsel : Far from looking to obstruct an investigation into Russian collusion , Mr. Trump urges Mr. Comey to continue to investigate in hopes that this would show that the ugliest details in the Steele dossier were n't true . Mr. Trump 's motives were personal vindication because he feared his wife might believe the allegations , and Mr. Trump should not have made the request . But asking for an investigation to disprove the Steele dossier undermines the charge that Mr. Trump fired Mr. Comey to obstruct justice . We do n't know what other evidence special counsel Robert Mueller has , but hanging an obstruction rap on the Comey memos is n't going to work .
In overlooking this point I missed the forest for the trees . I wanted to make sure that you could take them into account in connection with your own review of the memos .
A Mastic Beach man testified Monday that his adoptive father sexually abused him for nearly a decade , starting the day he moved into Cesar Gonzales-Mugaburu 's home at the age of 13 .
The man , now 23 , said Gonzales-Mugaburu abused him almost every day in the Ridge house — sometimes before school and sometimes after .
“ I became his favorite because he liked touching me and stuff , ” the man told jurors in Suffolk County Court in Riverhead , where Gonzales-Mugaburu is on trial for predatory sexual assault and other charges .
Recounting the alleged abuse with little emotion , the man — whom Newsday is not identifying — testified that the first time Gonzales-Mugaburu sexually abused him he was in the sixth grade .
“ How did it make you feel ? ” Suffolk Assistant District Attorney Laurie Moroff asked .
“ Powerless , ” he said . “ I could n't do anything . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Gonzales-Mugaburu , 60 , is charged with sexually abusing his foster and adopted sons and a dog . The most serious charge carries a maximum sentence of 25 years to life .
He was arrested January 2016 and has pleaded not guilty before County Court Judge Barbara Kahn .
Defense attorney Donald Mates Jr. of Hauppauge said in his opening statement that his client did not sexually abuse anyone . He said Gonzales-Mugaburu had been a foster parent to more than 100 boys over two decades and had never been arrested on charges of molesting his children before .
Monday , the former foster child testified he did n't dare tell anyone — not his teachers , nor his therapists or social worker — of the sexual abuse because he said he was afraid of Gonzales-Mugaburu , and did n't think anyone would believe him .
“ I felt like if I told anyone , they would n't believe my story , ” he said . “ They 'd look at me like I 'm crazy . ”
The man said one of his foster brothers saw Gonzales-Mugaburu molesting him on two separate occasions , but he testified that he urged that brother not to say anything . That brother corroborated the man 's story last week when he testified that he twice walked in on Gonzales-Mugaburu having sex with the man .
Once , when he was 17 , the man said he could n't take the sexual abuse anymore and ran away from home and lived in a homeless shelter for about a week before returning . The day before he turned 21 , he said Gonzales-Mugaburu summoned him for sex , and pulled him off his bunk bed when he refused .
“ I could n't deal with it no more and I left , ” said the man , who said he went to live with friends .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The man has filed a lawsuit against SCO Family of Services , the Glen Cove nonprofit agency that placed many children with Gonzales-Mugaburu on behalf of New York City and other agencies . He admitted under questioning by Mates that some of the information in the suit was not true , such as his claim that Gonzales-Mugaburu tried to give him Viagra or other medications .
He also acknowledged under questioning that he had twice been arrested and charged in thefts from department stores .
If you 're not feeling very romantic this Valentine 's Day , FX has a chocolate box full of showbiz spite for you .
The first full trailer for the much-anticipated FEUD : Bette and Joan has arrived , with Oscar winners Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon playing Hollywood legends Joan Crawford and Bette Davis . And though the two old-school divas costarred together in 1962 's What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? , there was n't a lot of mutual admiration between them . As Catherine Zeta-Jones ' Olivia de Havilland puts it in the trailer , “ for over half a century , they hated each other… and we loved them for it . ”
RELATEDFEUD : Bette and Joan Review : Oscar Winners Jessica Lange , Susan Sarandon Turn Camp Into an Acting Master Class
FEUD chronicles the on-set battles that raged between Davis and Crawford during the filming of Baby Jane , as they snipe at each other and leak unflattering info to the gossip columns . Davis even gets in a swift kick at her costar 's head during a scene . ( “ I barely touched her , ” Davis insists . ) Plus , we get a glimpse at the sexism and ageism the two actresses faced , as a studio executive gripes that they 're “ a little long in the tooth ” to carry a movie .
Luckily for us , Lange and Sarandon are n't either long in the tooth to carry a TV show . FEUD : Bette and Joan debuts Sunday , March 5 at 10/9c on FX .
Press PLAY on the video above to watch the FEUD trailer , then hit the comments and give us your first impressions .
Here 's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries , picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown , NASA 's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work .
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012 , searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life . And earlier this week , while on a brief break from mountain climbing , Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months .
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater , where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image :
`` Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years , this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us , '' Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , in Pasadena , Calif. , said in a statement .
`` From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge , the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater , '' said Vasavada . The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars ' winter solstice , a season of clear skies , gaining a sharp view of distant details .
Curiosity 's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012 .
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples , this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge . Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016 . It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points , and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm .
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight . It 'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast . The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it 's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars . Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes . That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of .
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time , as Space.com reports , `` both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there . ''
`` With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond , understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning , '' David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas , explained .
Record levels of hate crime were reported in West Yorkshire in the wake of last year 's EU referendum , new analysis has shown .
The county 's force was one of only three in England and Wales to record more than 1,000 hate crimes in the three months ending in September , up 46 per cent compared to April-June 2016 .
For charities working with the victims of these crimes , the figures confirm their own experience of soaring demand in the aftermath of what many view as a divisive campaign .
Mike Ainsworth , of Leeds-based Stop Hate UK , said : “ It was something that gave license to people who held racist views that it was somehow acceptable . To me , it was a lack of moral leadership and the way the Leave campaign conducted themselves . Had the campaign been conducted in a different manner , I do n't think we would have seen that explosion in hate crime . ”
West Yorkshire recorded 1,013 incidents compared to South Yorkshire at 225 , Humberside at 140 and North Yorkshire at 64 .
Only the Metropolitan Police and Greater Manchester recorded more incidents at 3,356 and 1,033 respectively .
But Mr Ainsworth said : “ What I think is interesting , from some of the knowledge I have , is the forces that have seen that marked increase made efforts after the vote and after they started to see the rise , to go to communities , to tell them it was not acceptable .
“ These forces saw a rise in reported hate crime , which gives a real reflection , because they encouraged people to report it . ”
Community meetings were held in Leeds after a racially aggravated incident involving a Polish shopkeeper in Bramley last July . Two people were charged in connection with the incident and are awaiting trial .
And West Yorkshire Police worked closely with the county 's police and crime commissioner on a campaign to encourage reporting of incidents .
Assistant Chief Constable Angela Williams said : “ Wherever there is evidence of a crime we will seek to prosecute and even if what has happened is not a crime , people need to come forward in order they can receive the appropriate support . Behaviour of this nature has no place in our society . ”
Long Island has such a wide variety of concerts available it can get tough to decide . Here 's a look at five of this week 's must-see shows :
Cassandra House
The Patchogue singer-songwriter celebrates the release of her new album “ The Roam . ”
WHEN | WHERE 6 p.m. & 8 p.m. Friday , June 1 , YMCA Boulton Center for the Performing Arts , Bay Shore
INFO $ 20 ; 631-969-1101 , boultoncenter.org
New Life Crisis
The LI pop/rockers mashup new and old in their high-energy set .
WHEN | WHERE 7 p.m. Friday , June 1 , Stereo Garden , Patchogue
INFO $ 10 ; 631-714-4486 , stereogardenli.com Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Victor Caputo Benefit
Life of Agony 's Joey Z will host the fundraiser , featuring Sworn Enemy and Misery Kills , to help his cousin fight cancer .
WHEN | WHERE 8 p.m. Friday , June 1 , Revolution Bar & Music Hall , Amityville
INFO $ 20 ; 877-987-6487 , ticketfly.com
The Weekend Classic
The Indiana band 's “ Better Health ” EP is an emo-leaning rock treat .
WHEN | WHERE 2 p.m. Saturday , June 2 , Amityville Music Hall , Amityville
INFO $ 12 ; 877-987-6487 , ticketfly.com
Everclear
The “ Summerland ” tour will bring us all back to “ Santa Monica . ”
WHEN | WHERE 7 p.m. Sunday , June 3 , The Paramount , Huntington
INFO $ 29.50- $ 59.50 ; 800-745-3000 , ticketmaster.com
Need a break ? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku . Or take one of our fun quizzes !
Sleek , modern and stunning in its simplicity , Plunkett Homes ' Quest display at Treeby is sure to inspire and excite .
The design team has blurred the lines between the kitchen and dining room by extending the island bench to form a built-in dining table .
Plunkett Homes Design Manager Dave Clynk described the Quest as a bold design perfect for buyers who simply want big light-filled rooms and features that beg to be shown off .
“ The showpiece is the kitchen and main living area , ” he said . “ It 's a big , beautiful space filled with lots of light and a wall of sliding doors straight out to the patio .
“ Pushing up the ceiling height in the living area to 43 courses and adding highlight windows has given the whole area an amazing sense of volume that can be hard to beat on today 's narrower blocks . ”
The design team has blurred the lines between the kitchen and dining room by extending the island bench to form a builtin dining table .
For an added touch of cool , the integrated furniture features a raking waterfall end . “ The combined island bench and table shows how you can make a strong style statement while keeping the overall vibe clean , sleek and uncluttered , ” Mr Clynk said . Concealing the dishwasher and fridge/ freezer behind the kitchen cabinetry continues the streamlined look .
“ We picked a strong monochrome colour palette for the Quest to highlight the bold features and the contrasting ceiling heights , which add further interest and definition to spaces indoors and out , ” Mr Clynk said .
There are touches of timber and lots of texture , plus a number of feature walls that help highlight the contrasting ceiling heights . The Quest is just as confident on the outside , with a two-tone front elevation featuring polished stainless steel , dark window frames , a silicon-joined corner window and chunky mouldings with funky angles matching those of the gutters above .
“ Each detail is subtle , but it combines to create modern street appeal that will suit suburbs old and new , ” Mr Clynk said .
Delivering 235sqm of accommodation , the Quest packs space , volume and style . It includes a sunken theatre room that could easily become a casual second sitting room or an office space for the work-athome entrepreneur .
The home is priced at $ 332,200 as displayed , with versions of the design available from $ 187,200 .
The Quest can be customised to suit buyers ' requests , or used as a starting point by taking advantage of Plunkett Homes ' free design service .
The Quest is open Mondays and Wednesdays from 2-5pm and Saturdays , Sundays and public holidays from 1-5pm .
Dépaysement ( 2017 )
Foreign/National
Read more
'Dépaysement ' is the sound of being somewhere far , far away from home . It hums with the shock of being suddenly alone - in a place where no one cares who you are or what you 're doing .
KITCHENER — Singer and recording artist Bud Roach is always looking for the new , the unexplored , the where the heck did that come from sort of musical score .
It seems he found it with 17th-century composer Alessandro Scarlatti 's comic opera `` Folly in Love '' and in all the excitement , the Hamilton-based Roach invited along a few friends to perform and record the music in three concerts , starting Friday in Kitchener .
`` People are hungry to hear something for the first time and it 's so artistically satisfying , '' said Roach , an artist who has made a name for himself recording rare works under the Musica Omnia label .
After Nota Bene Baroque Players in Kitchener asked Roach to find little known music from an old composer for a collaborative work , he decided to rifle through the archives at McMaster University 's music collection , a treasure trove for musicians .
`` I just saw it in McMaster archives , there were lots of composers around ( during that period ) and we should know more about them , '' he said . `` People do n't seem to do that , they do n't put the work and energy into bringing this music to life . ''
The Italian-born Scarlatti was only 18 in 1679 when he wrote this story of love and mistaken identity . The opera came to the attention of the Pope who had banned having women on stage as well as any church 's employment of theatre musicians . He went so far as to have the musicians and Scarlatti arrested but an arts patron , the Swedish Queen Christina , came to his defence , informing the Pope he needed to back off .
The titillating backstory , the good music , kept the opera in the public eye and it toured Italy for decades .
Roach 's group , Capella Intima as well as his pal Margaret Gay and her Gallery Players of Niagara along with Nota Bene are coproducers for the show so it will be one big happy family of musicians who happen to specialize in early music played on period instruments .
The soloists include soprano Sheila Dietrich , mezzo Vicki St. Pierre , baritone David Roth and Roach singing tenor as well as directing .
`` It 's Scarlatti 's first opera and it 's never been recorded , '' said Julie Baumgartel , violinist and a creative director with Nota Bene . `` Bud wanted to pick something that has never been recorded before . ''
Horwath , who portrayed herself as a champion of steel and steelworkers , rejected Wynne 's comments as `` trying to stir up some trouble . '' She said she had been vocal in her support of the industry .
`` Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen , '' Horwath said . `` It has literally , not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation , but it has absolutely and completely ... built my city . ''
Meanwhile , the Tories , who have repeatedly come under fire for not yet releasing a costed platform , quietly updated their website Wednesday to show a more detailed compilation of the campaign promises they have made so far .
Ford has previously pledged to present a costed plan before the election but that has yet to happen .
`` We 've been talking about our plan every day and it 's all there in one spot to show Ontario voters the stark choice between a responsible and modest spending of a PC government and a radical NDP who will be disastrous for the people of Ontario , '' said Ford spokesperson , Melissa Lantsman . `` We are going to balance the budget in a responsible way . ''
Both Horwath and Wynne heaped scorn on the notion that Ford has released a full plan .
`` Look : This is not a fully costed plan , it 's not coherent , '' Wynne said at a second stop in Markham , Ont. , where she pushed her government 's transit record . `` All of the things that Doug Ford has said would add up to a $ 40-billion hole and they have no idea how they would find that . ''
Horwath was equally jaundiced , saying it was n't good enough for Ford to write a `` list of things he might do and put it on the internet . ''
People should know what Ford 's plans are , what he 's going to cut and what services might be at risk , '' the NDP leader said .
`` His list of things-to-do that he put on his website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what 's their best interest in this campaign , '' Horwath said . `` What 's worrisome is we have a leader who 's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he 's not being honest with people . ''
Earlier , Horwath shrugged off Liberal accusations that her NDP is too beholden to union interests . She rejected a Liberal allegation that her party has a questionable financial relationship with a group of unions known as Cornerstone — a for-profit group founded by eight unions . The Liberals allege the group has been financially supporting the New Democrat election campaign and operations .
The NDP has no financial relationship with Cornerstone , Horwath said . The governing Liberals , she added , have consistently made deals with special interest groups throughout their years in office .
`` This is a government , a party , that spent its time cutting deals with various interest groups to try to help them politically . So , I completely dismiss any accusations from Ms. Wynne on that file , '' Horwath said .
By The Associated Press
Minnesota 2 1 0 1—4 San Jose 0 1 2 0—3
First Period_1 , Minnesota , Murphy 1 ( Zucker , Staal ) , 4:19 ( pp ) . 2 , Minnesota , Staal 11 ( Granlund , Suter ) , 10:27 . Penalties_Karlsson , SJ , ( slashing ) , 3:07 ; Granlund , MIN , ( holding ) , 14:09 ; Murphy , MIN , ( closing hand on the puck ) , 17:54 .
Second Period_3 , Minnesota , Staal 12 ( Murphy , Granlund ) , 4:58 . 4 , San Jose , Burns 3 ( Thornton , Hertl ) , 19:07 ( pp ) . Penalties_Olofsson , MIN , ( tripping ) , 8:04 ; Zucker , MIN , ( high sticking ) , 10:40 ; Carpenter , SJ , ( interference ) , 13:16 ; DeMelo , SJ , ( high sticking ) , 16:13 ; Murphy , MIN , ( hooking ) , 17:14 ; Staal , MIN , ( holding ) , 17:14 .
Third Period_5 , San Jose , Burns 4 ( Pavelski ) , 2:41 ( pp ) . 6 , San Jose , Hertl 7 ( DeMelo , Labanc ) , 14:59 . Penalties_Olofsson , MIN , ( tripping ) , 2:00 .
Overtime_7 , Minnesota , Niederreiter 10 , 3:26 . Penalties_None .
Shots on Goal_Minnesota 7-8-7-2_24 . San Jose 10-9-14-1_34 .
Power-play opportunities_Minnesota 1 of 3 ; San Jose 2 of 7 .
Goalies_Minnesota , Stalock 3-3-1 ( 34 shots-31 saves ) . San Jose , Jones 11-7-2 ( 24-20 ) .
A_17,205 ( 17,562 ) . T_2:36 .
Referees_Trevor Hanson , Jon Mclsaac . Linesmen_Ryan Gibbons , Tim Nowak .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
3 militants killed in an encounter at Tral area in Pulwama
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates . 3 militants killed in an encounter at Tral area in Pulwama . Watch this video for more information .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
McADOO — Two recent events were meant to acquaint the borough police department with residents , especially kids .
On Aug. 1 , the borough held its second annual National Night Out observance for safety from 6 to 9 p.m. at the borough building on North Hancock Street .
Police Chief Jeff Wainwright said it was a chance for the public to meet the members of his department .
“ We wanted to introduce the community to the police , so kids are n't afraid of us , ” Wainwright said . “ We fingerprinted over 100 kids . We had the fire department out here . They had all of their ( vehicle ) doors open . Kids could go in the trucks and in the police cars , turn the lights on , honk the siren . We had food , and gave T-shirts out to the kids . It is a very kid-friendly event . ”
One of the activities concerned drunk driving : a drunk goggle sobriety test and a fatal vision pedal cart that followed a driving course done with a set of goggles that simulated intoxication .
“ We had people do the course first , and then the second time wearing the goggles , ” Wainwright said . “ It was meant to show them how it looks to a drunk driver . ”
There was also music from DJ John from the Strand Roller Rink and a special appearance by McGruff the Crime Dog .
Wainwright said National Night Out was the doing of Patrolman Fred Lahovski , who is “ very dedicated ” to the event .
A similar event was held earlier this year , a bicycle rodeo , which was the brainchild of Patrolman Anthony Divirgilio .
“ The bicycle rodeo was a successful event , ” Wainwright said . “ The vets donated bikes and bike helmets . It 's getting bigger and bigger every year , and that 's exciting to see . ”
At a recent borough council meeting , Councilwoman Mary Labert lauded Divirgilio for setting up the rodeo .
“ We should commend Officer Divirgilio for the bicycle rodeo , ” Labert said . “ He did an excellent job . He went around to all of the businesses to get food and drink , plus he spent a lot of time putting everything together . ”
Labert said any child seen by police riding a bike with a helmet will get a reward .
“ They will get a coupon for a free orange drink , ” Labert said . “ We will be rewarding the kids for doing something right instead of bashing them . ”
Contact the writer : jdino @ standardspeaker.com ; 570-501-3585
LEWISTON , Maine ( AP ) - U.S. family-owned promotional products company Geiger is buying the largest family-owned promotional products distributor in the United Kingdom .
CEO Gene Geiger said Monday the merger with BTC Group expands the company 's footprint in Europe . The new company , Geiger BTC Group , will have nearly 400 employees .
Financial terms were n't disclosed .
Geiger told the Sun Journal newspaper that the two companies have collaborated in the past , and that BTC 's owners let it be known that they were ready to sell .
Both management teams are staying in place .
Geiger will be CEO of the parent company and Frank Murphy , BTC Group 's managing director , will run the U.K. subsidiary when the deal closes next month .
By The Associated Press
All Times Eastern Eastern Conference Atlantic Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Providence 23 15 6 2 0 32 68 56 Charlotte 25 16 8 0 1 33 93 72 WB/Scranton 22 13 7 1 1 28 77 68 Lehigh Valley 26 15 8 1 2 33 95 88 Bridgeport 23 12 9 1 1 26 74 66 Hershey 26 12 11 0 3 27 74 85 Hartford 26 9 12 3 2 23 69 93 Springfield 27 10 16 1 0 21 74 85 North Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Toronto 25 20 5 0 0 40 83 47 Rochester 24 13 5 3 3 32 81 74 Syracuse 25 13 9 1 2 29 82 73 Utica 23 10 10 2 1 23 65 73 Laval 27 10 11 4 2 26 82 97 Belleville 25 10 12 0 3 23 68 91 Binghamton 24 8 13 3 0 19 62 83 Western Conference Central Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Manitoba 25 17 5 1 2 37 93 56 Rockford 25 15 9 1 0 31 84 71 Iowa 24 11 8 5 0 27 75 77 Milwaukee 23 12 10 1 0 25 66 69 Cleveland 21 8 9 2 2 20 44 64 Grand Rapids 24 9 12 0 3 21 73 82 Chicago 24 7 12 4 1 19 64 76 Pacific Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Stockton 22 14 6 0 2 30 77 54 Tucson 20 12 5 2 1 27 68 55 Texas 26 16 9 0 1 33 80 86 San Antonio 24 13 10 1 0 27 79 76 San Diego 22 10 11 1 0 21 69 80 Ontario 20 9 10 0 1 19 45 48 San Jose 20 9 10 0 1 19 50 60 Bakersfield 23 9 11 3 0 21 61 70
NOTE : Two points are awarded for a win , one point for an overtime or shootout loss .
___
Saturday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Cleveland 0
Toronto 5 , Laval 2
Milwaukee 4 , Manitoba 3 , SO
Hershey 4 , Lehigh Valley 2
Syracuse 6 , Belleville 0
Rockford 7 , Grand Rapids 2
Springfield 4 , Bridgeport 3
Charlotte 7 , Binghamton 1
Providence 3 , Utica 2 , OT
Hartford 3 , Rochester 2 , SO
San Diego 4 , Iowa 3 , OT
San Antonio 5 , Bakersfield 2
Texas 4 , Ontario 2
Stockton 5 , Tucson 2
Sunday 's Games
Rochester at Bridgeport , 3 p.m .
Milwaukee at Manitoba , 3 p.m .
Utica at Providence , 3:05 p.m .
Ontario at San Antonio , 4 p.m .
WB/Scranton at Hershey , 5 p.m .
Springfield at Hartford , 5 p.m .
Grand Rapids at Iowa , 6 p.m .
Monday 's Games
No games scheduled
Tuesday 's Games
Lehigh Valley at Charlotte , 7 p.m .
Chicago at Rockford , 8 p.m .
San Jose at Tucson , 9:05 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WASHINGTON , April 28 The U.S. National Security Agency has halted a form of surveillance that allowed it to collect digital communications of U.S. residents that mentioned a foreign intelligence target without a warrant , three sources told Reuters .
The decision to end the program , which collected messages sent or received internationally and which had been criticized by privacy advocates , was first reported by the New York Times .
( Reporting by Dustin Volz ; Writing by Eric Beech ; Editing by Tim Ahmann )
Children across Scotland are getting in the Christmas spirit to try and win £1500 for their school .
Popular children 's author Sam Hay is challenging youngsters to come up with a new Christmas classic story , for a chance to win some brilliant prizes in the fourth annual Write Christmas competition .
The competition , backed by cartridgesave.co.uk is open to children between four and 11 years old and split into three age categories . To enter they need to channel their inner Dickens to write a short story or poem ( max 200 words ) inspired by winter or Christmas .
The entry that Sam , author of the ‘ Undead Pets ' series of books , judges to be the best across the entire competition will win £1500 for their school to spend on books or writing equipment , in addition to a Christmas stocking full of festive treats worth £50 for themselves . Two runners-up will each secure £250 for their school and a festive goody bag .
The top 50 entries from across the UK will also be made into a printable , free to download book , to be released in December 2017 .
Entries must be submitted by November 17 and children , parents and teachers can get hints and tips from Sam , plus full details of how to enter at Write Christmas 2017 .
Sam Hay believes the competition is a great step towards unlocking children 's creativity .
She said : “ I 'm very excited to be judging the Write Christmas story competition for a fourth year running . It 's a great opportunity to get kids all over Britain writing and showing off their fantastic imaginations . I 'm always so impressed by their creativity and originality .
“ Christmas has been the inspiration behind some all-time classics including Dickens ' ‘ A Christmas Carol ' and the much-loved ‘ The Nutcracker ' . It 's a time for magic , excitement and wonder . I ca n't wait to read this year 's stories and poems ! ”
Ian Cowley , managing director of cartridgesave.co.uk , added : “ Children 's imaginations never fail to amaze . We 're proud to invest in the best young writing and provide them with resources to help stimulate their creative minds at Christmas and beyond . Compiling the Write Christmas printable e-book is one of the highlights of our year . ”
Last year 's Write Christmas winner was Edwin Walker , aged 10 , from Comely Park Primary in Falkirk , who captured the judges ' attention with his “ unusual and clever ” story written in the form of a police report , that detailed how someone broke into a little girl 's house on Christmas Eve , left sooty footprints on the carpet and stole mince pies and milk .
Useful information :
The competition has three categories : 4-6 , 7-9 and 10-11 years old .
There will be one overall winner across all categories . The winning school will receive £1,500 to spend on books or writing materials and the winning child will receive a goody bag worth £50 .
Two runners-up will win £250 for their school to spend on books or writing materials , as well as a goody bag each .
The best 50 entries from across all categories will be selected to appear in the printable e-book .
Poems and short stories ( 200 words or fewer ) must be entered by a parent , carer or teacher , who can give permission for the story , name and age of the child to be included in the book .
The judges ' decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into .
Closing date for entries is November 17 2017 .
Two motorbikes have crashed on the M11 northbound between J8 and J10 near Duxford .
Traffic is very slow and one lane has been closed .
We 'll be bringing you live updates below .
You can also download our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you .
Follow us on Twitter @ CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time .
We 're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News .
This photo provided by Nicholas Waun shows the scene where two trains collided and derailed in Georgetown , Ky. , early Monday , March 19 , 2018 . Four people were injured after the accident late Sunday night . ( Nicholas Waun via AP )
This photo provided by Nicholas Waun shows the scene where two trains collided and derailed in Georgetown , Ky. , early Monday , March 19 , 2018 . Four people were injured after the accident late Sunday night . ( Nicholas Waun via AP )
GEORGETOWN , Ky. ( AP ) - Norfolk Southern is moving derailed freight cars off the tracks after two trains collided in Georgetown , Kentucky , and sent four people to the hospital , the company said Monday in a statement .
Four train crew members were taken to the hospital after the crash as a precaution and have been released with no injuries , though one employee is still being evaluated , the statement said .
Officials say the trains collided head-on late Sunday , derailing both locomotives and 13 cars and igniting a fire that forced nearby residents to evacuate . Lexington Fire Department spokeswoman Lt. Jessica Bowman said residents were allowed to return home once officials determined there was no safety risk . Bowman could n't confirm what substance had spilled and was burning , but Norfolk Southern later said a non-hazardous nut oil had spilled and was being cleaned .
The company said it is working to clear and repair the track and have it back in service Tuesday .
Shortly after the crash , police told the Scott County School superintendent , Kevin Hub , to open schools as emergency shelters , and buses were sent to the neighborhood to collect people without transportation . Hub said he could see smoke billowing from the scene and they were prepared to receive hundreds of people . The Red Cross even arrived with snacks . Shortly after many residents arrived , they were able to return home .
The crash remains under investigation .
At Lemons Hill Elementary , Christina Griffin said she was asleep when neighbors called her around 11:30 p.m. to say they needed to evacuate . As she and her son were leaving , an officer warned them to get out of the neighborhood , she said .
Betty Boyer had just laid down when she heard what she thought was something exploding .
`` We thought , what the hell was that ? Was it a train ? Was it a trailer ? We did n't see any smoke , '' she said . Then she then got a call from her son in Missouri asking if they were being evacuated . He 'd apparently received a message from a friend who saw the accident on Facebook , she said .
She grabbed her purse and a pillow and headed over to the elementary school .
`` I 'm supposed to be up at 6 a.m. in the morning to go to work , '' she said . `` That ai n't happening . ''
___
This story has been changed . The surnames of Griffin and Boyer have been corrected .
RADFORD , Va. - Police have arrested a woman after an armed robbery in Radford .
Just before 10 p.m. Tuesday , Radford police responded to a report of a robbery in the 1400 block of Tyler Ave. , which is close to the La Quinta Inn .
A woman took out a knife and demanded money from a cashier , according to police .
Natalie Kay Ramirez was arrested in Bristol . She is being held without bond .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
Ian 's Interesting Individuals featuring folks from the rodeo ; we play Are You Smarter Than a Community College Drop Out ; an all new 37 Seconds with Tracy ; we read some creepy messages left for Sylvia ; and Top Stories include a woman giving up on men and turning to ghosts , the world 's biggest snowball fight was canceled over the weekend because it snowed , and QOTSA singer , Josh Homme , kicked a female photographer in the face .
Full Show Here :
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FRANK ANDRUSCAVAGE / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Rescue crews from Pottsville , Minersville and Frackville work to free the driver of the car after a crash along Interstate 81 in Foster Twp . around 3:30 p.m. Monday .
One man was seriously injured when his car collided with a box truck and was pushed into a tree just off Interstate 81 in Foster Twp . Monday afternoon .
The crash happened around 3:30 p.m. at mile marker 112.9 .
Rescue crews from Pottsville , Minersville and Frackville were working to free the driver of the car as of 4:30 p.m .
Check back later and see Tuesday 's edition of The Republican-Herald for more info .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE , Pa. -- Flood mud is being cleaned off the Susquehanna River Common in Wilkes-Barre after ice jams took over in February and left a lot of mud and debris behind .
Two weeks ago , Skycam 16 got a look at the ice chunks taking over parts of the park but soon people will be able to enjoy it again .
`` It was terrible after the water went up . It was terrible . You could n't go down there , '' said John Krushinsky of Kingston .
Members of the Wyoming Valley Flood Authority and inmates from Luzerne County Correctional Facility were there on Monday getting part of the job done .
Russ Kratz of the Wyoming Valley Flood Authority says it was a lot of work .
`` It was a mess , '' Kratz said . `` It took a lot of effort but the boys did a nice job all day and then they 're here back today washing down what we could n't get with the machines . ''
The ice jam did some damage though . Three blocks on the fishing pier fell into the Susquehanna River and need to be replaced , but all in all , people are happy with the way it 's turning out .
`` You could actually have an event down here once they get done hosing down the rest of the mud , '' Kratz said .
The gunk should be cleaned up by the end of the day , just in time for people to enjoy the park in the warmer weather .
Even though this cleanup is continuing , the park is open to the public .
41.250706 -75.880627
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama will deliver his farewell address to the nation on January 10 from his home city of Chicago , the President announced in a statement Monday .
“ I 'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey , to celebrate the ways you 've changed this country for the better these past eight years , and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here , ” Obama wrote .
President Obama said he was following the precedent set by George Washington , who penned a farewell address to the American people over 220 years ago .
George W. Bush also delivered a farewell address in 2009 from the White House .
“ Since 2009 , we 've faced our fair share of challenges , and come through them stronger , ” Obama wrote Monday .
“ That 's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding — our conviction that , together , we can change this country for the better . ”
President Obama has said that while he wo n't weigh in on every issue once he is out of the White House , he would consider speaking up about issues that go to “ core questions ” about American values and ideals .
Chicago is where President Obama got his start in politics after graduating from Harvard Law School and where the first family called home before moving to the White House . Obama 's presidential library will also be located in Chicago .
Actor and activist Richard Gere and Spanish businesswoman and philanthropist Alejandra Silva married early this month , according to a published report .
The Madrid-based magazine ¡Hola ! said the `` Pretty Woman '' and `` An Officer and a Gentleman '' star , 68 , and Silva , 35 , were wed in a civil ceremony after four years of dating . Silva , head of Spain 's anti-homelessness Rais Foundation and the daughter of wealthy businessman and public servant Ignacio Silva , told ¡Hola ! in 2016 that Gere had been `` a friend of my family for more than 15 years . ''
After the couple brought their romance public in the summer of 2015 , Silva told the magazine , `` I was a little lost , without light , and knowing him gave meaning to my life . It was feeling that someone was reaching out and showing me my true path . ''
This is Gere 's third marriage . He was wed to model Cindy Crawford from 1991 to 1995 , and to former Bond girl Carey Lowell ( `` Law & Order '' ) , a Huntington native , from 2002 to 2016 . He and Lowell share a son , Homer , 18 .
Silva previously was married to engineer Govind Friedland , with whom she shares a son , Albert , born in December 2012 .
Neither Gere , who has no social-media accounts , nor Silva has commented publicly .
TOKYO ( AP ) — Japanese telecommunications , internet and solar company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying U.S. investment company Fortress Investment Group for $ 3.3 billion .
The deal was announced by both sides Wednesday . New York-based Fortress , which manages global investments , said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance .
Tokyo-based SoftBank has been aggressive in global acquisitions . Chief Executive Masayoshi Son was recently seen with President Donald Trump , who praised his promise to invest and create jobs in the U.S .
SoftBank owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain 's ARM Holdings . ARM is known as an innovator in the “ internet of things , ” and in technology used in smartphones .
Advertisement
It has set up a $ 25 billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $ 100 billion .
FreeNAS 11.0 is now officially available , the network attached storage ( NAS ) centered operating system powered by FreeBSD.FreeNAS 11.0 features Bhyve virtualization support from FreeBSD , new hardware support via the FreeBSD 11-STABLE updates , plugin support , and performance improvements ( up to around 20 % faster than FreeNAS 9.10 ) .FreeNAS 11.0 also features a beta version of a new administration GUI , an alert service page has been added , and various other new features and refinements to existing features.More details on today 's FreeNAS 11.0 official release via FreeNAS.org
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harry Williams believes he has grown up during his time with Sacramento Republic .
The forward has made his return to English football with Gloucester City , joining the National League South side on a non contract deal .
During his two years in the USA he has trained with Didier Drogba , played alongside Carlton Cole and produced some sparkling performances despite being affected by injuries along the way .
`` I made some lifelong friends in America and that I 'm grateful to the fans of Sacramento for always supporting me on and off the field , '' Williams said .
`` It 's a special club and i shall always look back at my time spent there with a smile on my face .
`` It 's been a great experience both in terms of my development as a player and a person .
`` It took me out of my comfort zone and made a man out of me .
`` It 's great to be home and see friends and family , although it 's now also been a bit of a culture shock . ''
Williams , 22 , enjoyed two loan spells with the Tigers before leaving Cheltenham Town , where he had progressed through the youth system and turned professional .
`` I have fond memories playing for Gloucester and I am looking forward to hitting the ground running , '' he said .
`` My previous spells here have been exciting and everyone involved with the club knows how much I enjoy being a part of it .
`` Knowing Marc Richards ( manager ) , his philosophies and the lads in team it made it an easier decision . ''
Williams still has ambitions to make it back into the full-time game , with several Football League clubs sure to be watching his progress closely between now and the end of the campaign .
`` I 've had some offers for the summer , but for now playing football regularly is important as I need to build a platform to build on as I 've been out of the country for two years , '' he said .
`` Now that I 'm back in England , it 's no secret I have plans to play at a higher level as most footballers aspire to do .
`` But for now I 'm looking forward to playing again , scoring goals and helping to ensure Gloucester 's safety . ''
LONDON — Gucci is planning a takeover of Harrods in August that will see the brand fill the Knightsbridge store with a garden theme , complete with floral , butterfly and snake motifs , and a DIY service allowing customers to put their creative stamp on pieces , WWD has learned .
An announcement is expected today .
YEARS & YEARS `` Palo Santo '' BOTTOM LINE Finding comfort in new-millennium dance pop
Years & Years have made no secret about the trouble they had making their sophomore album , “ Palo Santo ” ( Interscope ) .
The British dance-pop trio faced the pressure of following up their debut , “ Communion , ” and the hit single “ King , ” which both topped the United Kingdom charts in 2015 . To complicate matters , singer Olly Alexander had just gone through a public breakup with Clean Bandit 's Neil Amin-Smith .
Maybe it 's no wonder that the synth-pop band turned to a kinder , gentler time for inspiration — the late '90s , when Britney Spears , 'NSync and Backstreet Boys ruled the roost .
The first single , “ Sanctify , ” even opens with what feels like an homage to Spears ' “ I 'm a Slave 4 U. ” On songs like “ All for You , ” they stack Alexander 's vocals so he sounds like a boy band all by himself .
While those songs may be fun and well-crafted , they pale in comparison to the few times that Years & Years step out of the nostalgia machine . On the playful “ If You 're Over Me , ” which owes more to Andy Grammer than Justin Timberlake , Alexander manages to confront his relationship issues while still keeping things light . That shows Years & Years will likely have more to offer in the future .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Melbourne council under fire for rummaging through bins The West Australian
Little notes have been left on households ' bins telling residents to recycle properly .
Nintendo and the Pokémon Company have announced the first arrivals of Pokémon on Nintendo Switch .
Pokémon Quest is an action RPG rather than traditional-style role-player , where all the Pokémon are made from Crossy Road style cubes . And what 's more , it 's available to download for free from the Nintendo eShop right now .
You hunt for treasure across cuboid landscapes on Tumblecube Island , battling wild Pokémon along the way using tapping on the touchscreen . You can befriend other Pokémon and build up your base camp along the way .
It is a `` free-to-start '' game , which means there will be pay-to-play options at some point . It is also coming to iOS and Android from late June .
Pokémon : Let 's Go , Pikachu ! and Pokémon : Let 's Go , Eevee ! are inspired by both the classic Pokémon Yellow and Pokémon Go .
The gameplay is reminiscent of the latter , dispensing of the augmented reality and real-world aspects , but keeping some of the gameplay elements , such as throwing Poke Balls using your Joy-Con controllers at found Pokémon scattered around the game world .
There is also a two-player mode for families and friends to enjoy together .
In addition , players of Pokémon Go will be able to connect their games together , with Pokémon found in the Kanto region of the mobile title transferred to the Nintendo Switch . There will be other cross-game incentives coming too .
A Poke Ball Plus accessory will also be released for the Switch that can be used instead of Joy-Cons to throw in-game Poke Balls . It will also work with Pokémon Go .
It , along with Pokémon : Let 's Go , Pikachu ! and Pokémon : Let 's Go , Eevee ! , will be released on 16 November .
New Delhi : Come New Year and our favourite desi or videshi celebrities pack their bags , take off from work and straight head to either an undisclosed location or publicly let know of their vacation plans .
This time 'Befikre ' Ranveer Singh shared a picture of himself wishing his fans a happy new year . The super energetic lad did not disclose where the took off for New Year 's this year and buzz whether Deepika Padukone joined him or not still remains under wraps .
However , what caught our attention is the true blue sea waves we can spot at the background of Ranveer 's click . The picture is not only making us envious but giving us goals for some sea-side effects .
Check out the click and guess where is he chilling by the sea :
Happy New Year , lovers and friends !
May it be the # BestYearEver !
Be Blessed & Prosper
Love & Light to all pic.twitter.com/053ZmNEmwI — Ranveer Singh ( @ RanveerOfficial ) January 1 , 2017
Looks like slowly he too is mastering the art of keeping things 'secret ' in Bollywood .
Thirty years after the release of the now-classic movie “ Wall Street , ” Wall Street itself is totally different . Or it has n't changed at all , depending on who you ask .
To mark the anniversary Monday of the opening of Oliver Stone 's 1987 film , which starred Michael Douglas in an Oscar-winning , career-defining role as corporate raider Gordon Gekko , The Associated Press spoke to a group of Wall Street professionals , writers and film experts about how the movie reflected the reality of the financial world , and how little or much that world has changed in the decades since the movie 's release .
“ The culture is the same . It 's all driven by greed . You do n't go into any of these businesses if you want to save the world or save puppies . It 's all about making money . If anything , I think the enormous explosion of wealth since then has made people greedier . ”
— Michael Lewitt , investment manager and former trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert , an investment firm that was prosecuted for illegal activities in the junk bond market and later filed for bankruptcy .
Advertisement
The movie “ dramatized the ethical and moral collapse of high finance during the Reagan Era . Regrettably , Gordon Gecko , Stone 's iconic symbol of unrestrained greed , would undoubtedly thrive in today 's madcap bull market . Indeed , we might even put him in the White House . ”
— Raymond Arsenault , John Hope Franklin Professor of Southern History at the University of South Florida , St. Petersburg and author of “ Stoned on Wall Street : The Stockbroker 's Son and the Decade of Greed . ”
“ The movie “ Wall Street ” accurately depicted the industry as the Wild West , a winner-take-all environment where , in the words of Gordon Gekko , “ greed is good. ” Whether the result of a couple of market meltdowns , the regulatory environment or public scrutiny , Wall Street has become kinder and gentler . ”
— Jack Ablin , chief investment strategist for BMO Capital Markets .
“ That movie is probably as relevant today as it was then . Things change , the markets change , but the attitudes of , for instance , Wall Street and corporate executives treating the average person as a pawn on a chessboard — I think that concept has not changed very much , and is still widely held . ”
— Charles Geisst , Professor of finance at Manhattan College and author of the 1997 book “ Wall Street : A History . ”
“ My take on “ Wall Street , ” just like my take on “ The Wolf of Wall Street , ” is that these things are overhyped , which you would expect in a movie . In my reality , while I may have lived through many parts of that movie … those episodes are a very small part of what actually happens . ”
— Scott Wren , senior global equity strategist for Wells Fargo Investment Institute .
“ One thing that 's probably changed a bit is that it 's harder to believe in the virtuous side of things , and more recent films like “ The Wolf of Wall Street ” are more accepting of the idea that everything is rotten from top to bottom . Or like “ The Big Short , ” now accept that it 's all about making money and have little room to show the virtuous people at the bottom . There is less criticism of capitalism per se . Even as critical as “ Wall Street ” can get of capitalism , it still ultimately exempts it from full criticism — it 's almost as if Gordon is such a bad apple that getting rid of him cures the system of its ( localized and individualized ) ills .
“ Rewatching , the biggest change that struck me is around technology . It 's not just that the older technology looks old fashioned on screen , but that it can tell us about a major change in Wall Street : it 's now more virtual , more cybernetic , more about data manipulation , than ever . The climax where Gordon beats up Bud in the middle of Central Park seems a throwback to an older melodramatic time where you got to other people physically rather than informationally . ”
— Dana Polan , Professor of Cinema Studies at NYU .
“ I was in the trading pit during that time and despite what the movie portrayed , you simply did n't wake up , go to work and make millions as if it were part of a daily routine . I think the movie also left viewers thinking Wall Street was full of crooked people – and while there may be a few bad actors like any other industry or profession , it 's been my experience that most people are here to do their jobs , help out others and make a living . Fast forward 30 years and the Wall Street of 1987 is radically different – and that 's a change for the better for the retail investor . Today the market is a much more level playing field for retail investors compared to 1987 in terms of market access , information and costs . ”
— J.J. Kinahan , chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade .
“ The film certainly has all the visual and audio affectations of the time in which it was made ( “ the go-go eighties ” ) , but I think the message , while unfurled a bit sanctimoniously at times in the film , remains highly relevant ( if not more relevant ) than it was 30 years ago . There is even less penchant to heed the warning now , I sense , then than there was three decades ago . ”
— John Stone , senior associate dean at the University of Wisconsin-Extension and author of “ Evil in the early cinema of Oliver Stone : ‘ Platoon ' and ‘ Wall Street ' as modern morality plays . ”
“ Certainly more women are on the trading floor , or at least they 're not all secretaries . The intensity remains the same in terms of being driven for returns , but the behaviors have shifted . It 's become a little more professional . ”
— Erin Browne , head of asset allocation at UBS Asset Management .
____
Stan Choe , Marley Jay , Greg Keller and Seth Sutel contributed to this report .
UW Tacoma Writing Studies lec­turer Dr. Abby Murray is hosting a series of creative writing workshops at Anthem Coffee open to spouses , friends and family of members of military members — active and vet­eran . The series — which had its first workshop April 17 — goes on for three more Tuesdays : April 24 , May 1 and May 8 from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m .
The free workshops invite writers of all genres and levels of experience to sit down , write and enjoy the com­pany of others . The first workshop had several UWT students — former and current — as well as local veterans from Joint Base Lewis-McChord including retired U.S. Army veteran and poet Carl “ Papa ” Palmer .
Jenny Miller — a writing major graduate from UWT , retired member of the Army and Army spouse — spoke on how important it was having work­shops that bring people together such as this .
“ We need to create more connec­tions , ” Miller said . “ We have a wide variety of people here , and a wide vari­ety of viewpoints , and yet we are all here together to write and enjoy poetry . ”
Murray — who is the wife of an Army major — focuses on poetry of soldiers and veterans as well as war lit­erature in her research . She has previ­ously instructed workshops for veterans and active members of the military both here at UWT and at JBLM .
“ I 've taught workshops like these for years , as [ my husband ] and I have moved around the country , ” Murray said . “ Before Tacoma , I ran a literary nonprofit organization that put free poetry workshops in schools , libraries , Boys & Girls Clubs , and veterans centers in New York . ”
This work and the community it builds has become essential to Murray .
“ I feel I can actually hear and see people when they are writing and dis­cussing writing . I can hear myself think , Murray said . “ If I did n't write or offer workshops , I 'd have a hell of a harder time finding my community . ”
One of the goals of these work­shops is to analyze different forms of poetry and writings , mixing in works from active and retired military per­sonnel , as well as their family mem­bers ' viewpoints . Multiple techniques are used to create the basis of writing stories , from focusing on one specific memory , to allegory and simile , to “ flash memoir , ” where writers try to describe a personal event in as few words as possible while keeping the overall meaning of the story .
Tyler LaMay , a UWT junior and creative writing studies major , men­tioned the usefulness of creative writing and creative writing workshops .
“ Writing with others is important , ” LaMay said . “ I think any opportunity for a writer to flex their muscles is an opportunity worth taking . ”
While this is a series of workshops , each one is seperate from the other , allowing everyone to be on the same level . Regarding creative writing and those interested but unsure of them­selves or their work , Murray offered this advice :
“ Writing is meant to be heard , and our voices are meant to be heard . ”
Like this : Like Loading ...
The wait is over .
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has announced that his wife , Gene , will be his presenter when he 's inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton , Ohio , next month .
“ Any recognition that I may have received throughout our years in the NFL has been the result of a group effort involving all of my family , ” Jerry Jones said in a statement . “ Gene is the backbone of our family , and her influence guides and inspires all of us . She is my closest adviser , my best friend , and it is only fitting that she present me , and represent our entire family , at this very special time . ”
There had been much speculation as to who Jones would choose as his presenter . Son Stephen , daughter Charlotte and wife Gene were among the rumored candidates .
Jones opted for his better half in the end .
Former TCU great LaDainian Tomlinson , meanwhile , will have his longtime fullback in San Diego , Lorenzo Neal , introduce him .
“ He paved the way for me all those years in San Diego , so he should pave the way for me into Canton , ” Tomlinson said last week at his camp at TCU .
Other 2017 presenters include Kurt Warner 's wife , Brenda Warner ; Morten Andersen 's son , Sebastian ; Terrell Davis ' agent and friend , Neil Schwartz ; Kenny Easley 's high school coach , Tommy Rhodes ; and Jason Taylor 's coach with the Dolphins , Jimmy Johnson .
A new technique devised by researchers from North Carolina State University and the University of Calgary provides a more in-depth look at the metabolism and physiology within microbial communities - the microscopic life such as bacteria , viruses and other tiny forms of life within our bodies and throughout nature . Specifically , the new technique provides a more direct way to determine what food source , or substrate , a certain microbe has consumed .
The researchers use a mass spectrometer to measure with very high accuracy the mass of molecules derived from the microbes in a community . Then they use a newly developed software program that allows them to link microbes with their substrates .
The basis for connecting microbe and substrate are so-called carbon stable isotope ratios - the ratios between naturally occurring forms of carbon with different masses . Nature contains both carbon-12 , the most abundant form , and carbon-13 , which has one more neutron than carbon-12 . Each material has a very specific ratio of these two isotopes , which essentially can be used as the fingerprint or signature of the material . The new algorithm links the carbon isotope ratios of the substrates that are available to microbes in a given environment to the ratios found in the microbes themselves .
Manuel Kleiner , an NC State assistant professor in the Department of Plant and Microbial Biology and corresponding author of a paper that reports the research , says that understanding microbial communities is necessary to better comprehend animal and plant health and disease , as well as important environmental processes such as decomposition of organic matter and nutrient cycling in soils and oceans .
`` Our method is based on the concept that you are what you eat , '' Kleiner said . `` If there is a food source with a specific isotopic signature and we find a microbe with that same specific isotopic signature , we can make the connection between the two . A similar technique is actually used by archeological anthropologists , who can determine the type of diet a person ate by analyzing isotope ratios from hair or bone fragments . ''
Human hair is crucial for the technique to work . Kleiner surprised his hairdresser by bagging his hair after a haircut .
`` We have to correct for a certain error occurring during mass spectrometry by using a calibration standard . As it turns out , human hair is an excellent material to calibrate our instrument , '' Kleiner said .
To test the new algorithm , the researchers took 20 pure culture samples and showed that the software provided measurements consistent with mass spectrometry standards . The researchers also put together complex samples with different microorganisms and tested for individual signatures from different species within the complex community . Finally , the researchers studied a gutless marine worm that hosts a number of bacteria and used the software to test the metabolism of this symbiotic relationship .
Kleiner added that all the data from the study is publicly available , so other researchers can test and utilize the new software .
# # #
The study appears in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . Xiaoli Dong , Erin Thorson , Tjorven Hinzke and Marc Strous , all from the University of Calgary , co-authored the paper , along with Juliane Wippler from the Max Planck Institute for Marine Microbiology . The study was supported by the NC State Chancellor 's Faculty Excellence Program , the Campus Alberta Innovation Chair Program and the Canadian Foundation for Innovation .
Note to editors : An abstract of the paper follows .
`` Metaproteomics method to determine carbon sources and assimilation pathways of species in microbial communities ''
Authors : Manuel Kleiner , North Carolina State University ; Juliane Wippler , Max Planck Institute for Marine Microbiology ; Xiaoli Dong , Tjorven Hinzke , Erin Thorson , Bernhard Mayer , Marc Strous , University of Calgary
Published : May 29 , 2018 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1722325115
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARCHBALD , Pa. -- A woman celebrating the Fourth of July was flown to the hospital with burns after police say she poured gasoline on a fire .
It happened around 11 a.m. Wednesday at a home on Kennedy Drive in Archbald .
Police say the 28-year-old woman was at a holiday party and poured gasoline on a campfire . She was burned on about 50 % of her body .
The victim was flown to Lehigh Valley Hospital in the Allentown area . There is no word on her name .
Woman being flown from Archbald 's AC Field to the hospital after suffering burns at a 4th of July party in the borough . Police say the 28yo was putting gasoline on a campfire just before 11am at a home on Kennedy Drive . @ wnep pic.twitter.com/zWfHU1rBg1 — Stacy Lange ( @ stacylange ) July 4 , 2018
Police say the victim suffered burns to about 50 % of her body . @ wnep pic.twitter.com/pMRb9aQdQo — Stacy Lange ( @ stacylange ) July 4 , 2018
The victim is being flown to Lehigh Valley Hospital 's burn unit near Allentown . @ wnep pic.twitter.com/q3JDtZqdCK — Stacy Lange ( @ stacylange ) July 4 , 2018
Looking for something to do in and around the Harrogate district from Thursday , June 15 to Wednesday , June 21 ?
Thursday , June 15
Harrogate
School Printmaking at the Royal Pump Room Museum . 10am-4pm . Until June 16 .
Scapegoat Kelly at the Blues Bar .
Acoustic night at the St Robert 's Social Club , Roberts Street . Open to all performers and non-performers . 8-10.30pm .
New term Tai Chi Qigong class at St Robert 's Centre . 2-3.15pm . To enrol contact Lin Tippet on 07956 250040 .
Christie 's Bar Quiz , Harrogate , from 8.30pm . £1 entry .
Thursday karaoke from 9pm at Hales Bar , Harrogate .
Pete Shaw at the Manhattan Club , 8pm . Admission £6 but is free to new visitors . Free parking .
Reflections , Josh Woodrow retrospective at 108 Fine Art gallery , 16 Cold Bath Road . Until June 17 .
Boston Spa
Catherine Rayner exhibition at The Barefoot Gallery . Until July 5 .
Friday , June 16
Harrogate
Hoodoo at the Blues Bar .
Reggae night with Majesty at The Den , Cambridge Street .
Blues pianist/vocalist Dan Burnett ( residency ) at The Ivory , The Ginnel .
Bilton WMC - What the Funk , party band .
Big Girls Do n't Cry - featuring the Eastcoast Boys at the Royal Hall , 7.30pm . Visit www.harrogatetheatre.co.uk .
Knaresborough
The Cross Keys , Cheapside - Call the Midwife Charity night . Fancy dress and disco , 7.30pm .
Soul Junction at The Mitre cellar bar with DJs John Lee , Ian Smith and Mike Lowcock playing soul , Northern Soul , r'nb and funk . 8pm-midnight .
Ripon
Aglow Ripon at The Wakeman 's House Cafe , 9.15-11am . Coffee and cake . Speaker Gloria Sturdy .
Green hammerton
The Sound of Cinema III with Collavoce Choir at the Chapel of St Thomas , Green Hammerton 7.30pm . Tickets £10/£8 .
Saturday , June 17
Harrogate
Swing to Victory 1940s Dance Night at St Wilfred 's Hall , Duchy Road , 7.30-11pm . Tickets £12.50 on the door .
Bilton WMC - Detroit , Soul Motown trio .
The Jed Thomas Blues Band at the Blues Bar .
Acoustic night with Rob Reynolds at The Den .
Celebrating Generations - free event to celebrate Harrogate through the generations at Jennyfield Styan Community Centre , noon-3pm .
Knaresborough
Hidden Gardens of the Waterside in aid of Horticap . Open to public noon-4.30pm . Adults £4 . Children free . Also Sunday .
The Cross Keys , Cheapside - Steph Baker , 9pm .
Harrogate and Knaresborough Amnesty Group Book Sale at the URC Church Hall , Knaresborough , 10am-2pm .
Birstwith
Magic Tree Nursery , Belmont Grosvenor School , Swarcliffe Hall 10th birthday party , 10.30am-12.30pm . Free event for fives and under - come and meet Peppa Pig , Marshall from Paw Patrol , Belle from Beauty and the Beast , and more .
Thorner
Covers duo Sounds Like Us at The Fox . 8pm .
Boston Spa
Jazz in the Spa presents Mart Rodger Manchester Jazz at the village hall .
Wetherby
Antiques and Collectors Fair . Wetherby Town Hall , every Saturday 9am-4pm . Free admission . Contact Dawn on 01937 582803 .
Sunday , June 18
Harrogate
Friends Of Valley Gardens annual 1940s Day in Valley Gardens , 10.30am-5pm .
danSing for Shine 2017 at Harrogate Theatre , 7pm . Legends of comedy , Cannon and Ball , are to headline the evening of entertainment to benefit people with disability . Tickets available from www.harrogatetheatre.co.uk or the box office on 01423 502116 .
Sunday Acoustic Session at the Hales Bar .
Bilton WMC - Gary Middleton , live in the lounge , 2-4pm .
Guided 50-minute tours inside the historic secrets of The Club , 36 Victoria Avenue . 11am , 2pm , 3pm . Book at 01423 502344 .
Three live acts at the Blues Bar including The Travis Reilly Band ( 3pm ) , Two Tone Rust ( 6pm ) and Rodina ( 9pm ) .
Martin Rose weekly acoustic session at The Regency .
Dan Burnett 's Open Mic night at The Ivory ( weekly ) . 8pm .
RHS Garden Harlow Carr Father 's Day orienteering challenge .
Knaresborough
The Cross Keys , Cheapside - Teenage Kicks disco with David Crane - Punk and Mod .
Covers duo Sounds Like Us at So ! Bar . 7pm .
Wetherby
Wetherby Bandstand summer concert at the Riverside Bandstand - Stannington Brass Band .
Pateley Bridge
Joe Longster Bandstand summer series of concert in the Recreation Ground - Ade Payne .
Long Marston
Long Marston open gardens , 11am-5pm . £5 a ticket for all 12 gardens with a map and garden description . Children free . Angram Road and Tockwith Road .
Monday , June 19
Harrogate
Rafi 's Spicebox at Timberlake 's - Pop-up Dining experience , 7pm .
Open Mic Night with Martin Rose at The Blues Bar .
Tuesday , June 20
Harrogate
Country music session ( weekly ) from 8pm at the Hales Bar , hosted by Ade and Rob with weekly special country guests .
Acoustic session at the Blues Bar .
Stray Sound Ladies barbershop choir at Starbeck Methodist Church . 7.30pm-9.30pm . Weekly . More information from Sue Lynch at suelynch443 @ gmail.com .
Royal Hall open day between 10am and 4pm . Free admittance . Guided tours at 11am and 2.30pm .
Harrogate and District Family History Society meeting at 7.30pm in St Paul 's UR Church Hall , Belford Road . Visitors are welcome , cost £1 .
Ripon
The St Charles Singers from Chicago , USA concert in Ripon Cathedral at 7.30pm .
Wednesday , June 21
Harrogate
Golem at Harrogate Theatre . Spectacular award-winning adventure tale with action , acting , music and animation . Runs until Saturday .
Harrogate Phoenix Players launch/introduction night for their next production ‘ Made in Dagenham ' at St Joseph 's Church Hall , 281 Skipton Road .
The Paul Middleton Angst Band at the Blues Bar .
Matt Anderson 's Acoustic Underground and guests at Retro bar , Commercial Street .
Ripon
Ripon Ramblers meeting at High Cleugh at 9.30am . Eight-mile walk on the Crimple Valley Trail via Spofforth . Contact the leader on 01765 606650 or 07704 643500 ) first to find out the nature of the walk .
Further Ahead
Harrogate
St John Fisher music department concert at Harrogate Theatre on June 29 .
Boston Spa
Boston Spa Methodist Church - Showtunes singalong - 4 Shades Entente on Friday , June 23 . Further details at bostonspamethodistchurch.org.uk .
Kirkby Overblow
Kirkby Overblow Summer Arts Festival . Wednesday , June 21 until Sunday , July 2 .
BARCELONA , April 30 Rafael Nadal won a record-extending 10th Barcelona Open title on Sunday by thrashing Dominic Thiem of Austria 6-4 6-1 , collecting his second claycourt title in a row .
Nadal , who won the Monte Carlo Masters for a 10th time last week , romped to the title without dropping a set on the newly renamed Rafa Nadal court at the Real Tennis Club in Barcelona , and needed just 90 minutes to finish off Thiem .
Thiem had beaten the 14-times Grand Slam champion on clay in the Argentina Open last year and earned a place in the final by beating world number one Andy Murray for the first time in his career on Saturday , but he proved no match for Nadal .
The Mallorcan took a while to impose himself on Thiem on an overcast day in Barcelona with the cold weather slowing down the court .
Thiem earned the first breakpoint of the match but Nadal recovered and eventually took the first set by breaking his opponent in the 10th game .
There was no let-up in the second set from Nadal , who broke the 23-year-old Austrian twice in a row before serving for the championship . ( Editing by Clare Fallon )
A local veteran has experienced horror while deployed overseas . He 's lost friends to war .
Scroll for more content ...
He 's also lost friends to another killer closer to home : opioids .
On Friday , Norman Hooten joined the ranks in the battle against this epidemic by officially obtaining his doctorate in pharmacy so that he may help his fellow veterans in need .
You may recognize Hooten 's name from his experience in the deadly Battle of Mogadishu in Somalia in 1993 . The conflict was featured in the book and movie , `` Black Hawk Down . '' Hooten was portrayed on the big screen by actor Eric Bana .
Hooten 's dream to be a pharmacist were put on hold over the years due to life 's unexpected turns . He is 57-years-old but has now finally realizing that dream .
`` It 's never , ever , ever too late to make a difference , '' he said at the West Palm Beach VA Medical Center , just days before his graduation with his doctorate from Palm Beach Atlantic University .
`` A lot of people look at that and think it 's difficult or even think it 's crazy , '' he said of the journey to get there .
Hooten devoted much of his life to serving his country .
`` The more I gave to the Army , the more it gave back , '' he said .
After several years of service following the tour in Somalia , he retired in 2001 and was ready to continue the pharmacy schooling he started all those years earlier . He re-enrolled in school in August 2001 and began his studies once more for the sake of pursuing a career outside of the military .
However , his life once again created another detour . Just a month after starting school , the World Trade Center towers collapsed in New York City .
`` On 9/11 , I was recalled back to the Army , '' he said .
Flash forward several more years of service to his country and in 2012 , Hooten returned to school . However , he had a different reason for returning to pharmacy studies -- he had already witnessed his fellow veterans struggling with the adjustment back to civilian life .
`` Because of the things I had seen in very close friends and family members , I was much more inspired the second time around , '' he said .
Opioid and alcohol abuse , and even suicide , claimed lives of dear friends .
`` To me , even more difficult than losing them in combat . Because in combat , I could make sense of that , '' he said . `` A lot of them suffered from addiction and I lost several friends to fatal overdoses related to their substance abuse . ''
He knew as a pharmacist , he could help put a stop to that opioid abuse and help come up with solutions to help veterans .
`` My goal was to contribute in some way to solving the opioid crisis that has really devastated America , '' he said . `` I 'm committed to doing it , and I 'm committed to doing it for the rest of my life . ''
He completed years of schooling and residency programs , including a residency at the West Palm Beach VA hospital .
`` Great leadership here . Great mentors here . Very fortunate to have been able to spend my time here , '' he said . `` Once I got into the VA , I realized just how truly impactful they are on the lives of veterans . I do n't think there 's any organization in the world that as much as the VA does for veterans . ''
Dr. Donna Beehrle-Hobbs , an ambulatory care clinical pharmacy specialist , is one of those mentors . She said her staff has been inspired by Hooten 's drive to never give up .
`` It 's a very personal thing for him , '' she said . `` Certainly at 57 years old , to do everything he 's done is a true commitment to veterans . ''
Hooten already has a job lined up at the Veterans Affairs location in Orlando .
`` My belief is it 's never too late . You should keep trying to contribute and learn and grow and give back until your last dying breath , '' Hooten said .
This week , the Hoonigan Racing Division made a massive announcement , they 're leaving the FIA Rallycross championship . The team will not enter into the 2018 season , leaving owner Ken Block and co-driver Andreas Bakkerud with a bit more time on their hands .
The difficult decision was made by Ford Performance who point to indecision about the direction of the sport in relation to powerplant . There 's been speculation about the electrification of WRC and with instant torgue , relatively short distances , the sport actually seems perfect for a transition to an all-EV powertrain . VW and Audi seem happy to entertain that path forward , while Ford are not on-board .
Dave Pericak , Global Director of Ford Performance says ,
To continue in WRX would have required the development of a new race car , and with so much discussion happening around the future of rallycross from a powertrain package standpoint , it made sense for us to pause until it 's better defined . Rest assured , we remain absolutely committed to hot hatches and all things performance and think rallycross has a bright future .
The team entered the attention-grabbing Ford Focus RS RX into the championship last year and had some decent results last year , a little less so in 2017 , but overall the livery and the vehicle stance was an absolute head turner . The Focus RS RX has made its way into a number of video games like Forza Horizon 3 and most recently WRC7 .
Block took to Instagram to announce it to his fans .
Bakkerud took to YouTube to make the difficult announcement .
Here 's the official statement from Ford Performance .
Ford Performance and Hoonigan Racing Division have made the decision to stop competing in the FIA World Rallycross Championship effective at the end of the 2017 season , it was announced today . Block 's relationship with Ford and Ford Performance will continue as it has since 2010 , with Block competing in various motorsport and Gymkhana events around the world . Block will also continue to produce his award-winning Gymkhana videos , as well as additional digital content , as he continues to act as a global ambassador for the Ford brand . “ Although we have thoroughly enjoyed competing in the exciting FIA World Rallycross Championship , it 's a natural time for us to take a break as the future of the series takes shape , ” said Dave Pericak , Global Director of Ford Performance . “ To continue in WRX would have required the development of a new race car , and with so much discussion happening around the future of rallycross from a powertrain package standpoint , it made sense for us to pause until it 's better defined . Rest assured , we remain absolutely committed to hot hatches and all things performance and think rallycross has a bright future. ” “ Both myself and Ford Performance have learned a lot from this program , ” said Block . “ While we both would like to continue with the effort , it simply does n't add up at this point . Aspects of the sport are up in the air for the future , so putting a lot more money into developing a new racecar to try to battle for the championship title just does n't make sense right now . It 's certainly disappointing , but that 's how the economics of motorsports go sometimes. ” “ As for Andreas [ Bakkerud ] , he put in a tremendous effort to try and bring home a title with us . He 's one of the most talented drivers I 've ever worked with and I 'm honored to have been able to have him as my teammate . I 'm fully confident that he 's going to be snatched up by one of the other teams in the World RX paddock as soon as the news gets out that he 's available for the 2018 season — and I 'm looking forward to shipping him a bottle of champagne when he finally brings home a championship for himself. ” “ Andreas is absolutely a talented driver , and a class act in the paddock , ” said Pericak . “ Though we will not be supporting his program next year , we wish the best for him . The team that picks him up will be lucky to have him. ” The news comes after nearly two seasons with Block and Bakkerud driving the Focus RS RX in the FIA World Rallycross Championship . “ Both Ford and my entire Hoonigan Racing Division team put in a tremendous effort and I want to them thank them for the hard-fought battles these last two seasons . I truly appreciate it , ” said Block . The Hoonigan Racing Division Focus RS RX racecars will be used for displays and demos , but will not be made available for sale based on pre-existing agreements with Ford Performance .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall .
Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank `` will not pass if it comes back to the Senate '' for another vote .
Warner 's comments are a warning shot to House Republicans . They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks .
But Warner tells members of the American Bankers Association that 17 Democrats who voted for the Senate bill have taken `` an awful lot of heat . '' They 're not anxious to revisit the debate .
The bankers are in Washington for a conference . Warner tells them the Senate bill contains several House provisions and `` we 've stretched this about as far as we can go . ''
A cash machine ATM that offers withdrawals in either Pound Sterling or Euros is seen in Canary Wharf Financial centre in London , Britain , June 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Russell Boyce
LONDON Investors wary of the impact of Brexit have stacked up record-high bets against the pound , and some in the market warn a traditional April rise in the currency could be a painful spring surprise for anyone who has shorted it .
As this graphic reut.rs/2nE6DI9 shows , for the last 12 years , sterling has consistently risen by an average of 2 percent in the month of April .
Currency analysts at Nomura have called the pound 's April a `` risk to watch '' for investors who have shorted the currency .
`` In a perfect market the pattern should not exist but FX is not perfect and there is a pattern of sterling-dollar upside in April , '' they wrote in a note to clients .
Speculators ' net short positions in the pound hit record highs in the week to March 21 , before pulling back slightly last week , data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shows . [ IMM/FX ]
Bank of America Merrill Lynch strategist Kamal Sharma cites a combination of the end of the UK tax year and big dividend payouts by UK companies as potential factors in sterling 's buoyancy in April .
`` Some of the largest UK listed companies tend to be multinationals , so they have non-sterling receivables and therefore the assumption is they repatriate and pay out sterling dividends , '' he said .
`` ( but ) there 's not a huge amount of clarity on what the specific flows are ... it ( sterling 's April bounce ) is a function of a lot of other things such as the broader decline in USD through the month . ''
A Reuters analysis of historical price data for the pound going back to 1985 shows that a consistent trend of April gains for sterling versus the dollar emerges only after 2004 .
However , with sterling 's 3 percent rise versus a trade-weighted basket since the Bank of England 's mid-March meeting and short positions on the pound just off record highs , investors will be doubly wary this month .
( Graphic by Ritvik Carvalho ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
Virginia man convicted in 1994 slaying granted parole
NEWPORT NEWS , Va. ( AP ) — A Virginia man convicted in the 1994 slaying of a teen has been granted parole .
The Daily Press reported Tuesday that 48-year-old Nathaniel Dale Pierce is the case 's second defendant to win release . Pierce was sentenced in 1996 to 62 years in prison for the slaying of 19-year-old Steven Anthony Smith in Newport News . Court records say several men shot at Smith in July 1994 , killing him instantly when a bullet hit his neck .
Pierce ; his brother , Darryl Leon Hunter ; and Reginald Lee Fletcher Jr. were convicted of murder in the case . They have maintained their innocence . The Virginia Parole Board voted in March to release the 43-year-old Fletcher in August . Pierce is set to be released in November . The now-39-year-old Hunter is up parole later this year .
___
Information from : Daily Press , http : //www.dailypress.com/
Why go high-low when you can go high ? A chic colleague of mine posed this question years ago to explain her shopping philosophy , but it 's also an apt pun for the luxury approach fashion has taken to marijuana in 2017 . Look no further than Rihanna , who covered CR Fashion Book in a modern Marie Antoinette-inspired outfit complete with a joint in hand . She 's the perfect avatar for the cannabis couture movement , making a case for Jacquie Aiche 's pave diamond `` sweet leaf '' jewelry , 24k gold ashtrays , bespoke weed subscriptions , and more fetishized paraphernalia .
Here , we 've rounded up 14 of our favorite items giving new meaning to the phrase `` high fashion . ''
Austin Hays scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch in the sixth and the Bowie Baysox ( 10-7 ) captured the series opener with a 4-2 victory over the Richmond Flying Squirrels ( 12-6 ) on Monday night at Prince George 's Stadium in Bowie .
In the afore-mentioned sixth , Hays led off with a triple and scored later in the frame on the wild pitch charged to Richmond starterJordan Johnson .
Johnson ( 2-2 ) gave up four runs on nine hits while walking two and fanning four in 6.0 IP .
LHP Luis Ysla ( 3.2 IP , 3 H , R , ER , 2 BB , 4 K ) earned his team-leading third win for the Baysox to improve to 3-0 . LHP Luis Gonzalez ( 1.1 IP , 3 K ) got the final four outs to record his third save .
Richmond had a runner at second with two outs in the both the seventh and eighth innings , but Ysla got Ronnie Jebavy on a 6-3 groundout to end the seventh and Gonzalez got Dylan Davis looking at strike three to end the eighth .
Davis ' solo shot in the top of the second off of Baysox starter Matthew Grimes gave Richmond a 1-0 lead .
The Baysox tied the game in the home half of the frame with Martin Cervenka 's solo blast off of Johnson . The home run was Cervenka 's first of the year and his first since August 5 , 2017 with Lynchburg ( A+ ) .
Ali Castillo led off the fifth with a double and scored three batters later on Miguel Gomez 's two-out RBI single to give the Flying Squirrels a 2-1 lead for the time being .
Bowie tied it at two apiece in the home half of the frame as Adrian Marin led off with a single , advanced to second on a Cedric Mullins single , took third on a wild pitch and scored when Mark Trumbo grounded into a 6-4-3 double play .
Grimes ( n/d ) allowed one run on four hits to go along with three walks and a strikeout in four innings of work .
The Baysox tacked on an insurance run in the seventh when Marin drew a leadoff walk , advanced to third on a pair of walks and scored on an Ademar Rifaela sac fly to stretch the lead to 4-2 .
Marin ( 2-2 , 2 BB , 2 R ) had a multi-hit game for manager Gary Kendall 's squad .
The series continues on Tuesday at 6:35 p.m. as LHP Keegan Akin ( 1-2 , 4.80 ) gets the start for Bowie against Richmond LHP Matt Gage ( 0-1 , 3.24 ) .
Related
Category : LIFE IN THE AREA , Sports
Prosecutors told the jury in Bill Cosby 's criminal retrial that the legendary funnyman on The Cosby Show stands in glaring contrast to the sexual predator who victimized Andrea Constand .
And Cosby 's chief accuser was not his sole target , prosecutor Kristen Feden said in her closing argument , describing how scores of other women have accused Cosby of trading on his celebrity status over decades to sexually prey on them .
`` He utilized that image and cloaked it around himself so he was able to gain the trust , gain the confidence of these young , aspiring , unsuspecting women stripped of their very autonomy , stripped of their ability to say no , '' Feden said .
Over more than two weeks of testimony in a Montgomery County Court in Pennsylvania , defense lawyers routinely characterized Constand as an opportunistic `` con artist . '' Feden used that portrayal as a jumping-off point .
`` The defense was partially accurate when they use that term . But the perpetrator of the con is this man , '' Feden said .
Feden then marched over to the table of defense lawyers where Cosby has sat for the entire trial . Inches away from him , she pointed at his face .
`` Sitting right here . This is the man . Sitting right here , '' Feden bellowed .
`` Nothing funny about that ''
Andrea Constand , who was last seen by the jury when she confronted Cosby from the stand over two days , was present during the prosecution 's speeches , sitting in the audience not far from the seven men and five women who will decide Cosby 's fate . The panel sat listening raptly in the jury box .
`` The law makes it very clear . The uncorroborated testimony of the victim alone is enough to convict the defendant , so if you believe Andrea Constand , '' said Feden , gesturing toward Cosby 's main accuser who looked straight ahead with a stony gaze , `` you need to convict . ''
Feden said the defense team embarked on `` character assassination '' of the five additional accusers who took the stand against Cosby , saying the `` shameful '' attacks and questions are `` the exact reason '' sexual assault victims rarely report their assailants to authorities .
Defense lawyer Kathleen Bliss perpetuated `` rape myths '' to the jury by suggesting that victims of sexual assault bear some responsibility for being victimized , Feden argued .
Feden , at times , mocked Bliss by putting on a fake high-pitched voice and imitating her line of questions in a derisive tone .
Then she shot a look at Cosby and accused him of smirking .
`` There 's nothing funny about stripping a woman of her decency . There 's nothing funny about that , Mr. Cosby , '' Feden yelled .
At that , rows of journalists stood up and tried to catch a glimpse of Cosby , who appeared expressionless .
Prosecutors projected old photographs of first woman to testify against Cosby . The wide-eyed , youthful glam shots of the woman , Heidi Thomas , taken decades ago when she was a promising young actress . The image accompanied a play-by-play description of what Thomas said happened to her : she was drugged and sexually assaulted by Cosby at a secluded ranch house in Nevada that she visited under the guise of private acting lessons .
With the innocent photographs of Thomas as a backdrop , Feden said Cosby 's attack was no mistake : Cosby groomed and preyed on other young women the same way . He made some of the same promises of career opportunities to them before he molested them , sometimes in similar locations , such as private hotel suites , Feden said . All along , she said , Cosby assumed his victims would be too afraid to ever report him to authorities .
`` It 's the same con , ladies and gentlemen , just a different day , '' she said .
Cosby , facing the jury during this moment , shook his head in disagreement .
Some of the most convincing evidence in the case , Feden told jurors , is contained in Cosby 's own words , excerpted from a civil deposition he gave as a part of Constand 's civil lawsuit in federal court . In it , Cosby says he does not remember ever asking Constand for permission before he carried out sex acts on her in his Cheltenham mansion in early 2004 .
`` You knew that it was n't consensual because of his words , '' Feden said . `` You know it was n't consensual because of the pattern . The MO , '' she said , referring to Cosby 's alleged modus operandi of drugging and molesting women . `` And you know it was n't consensual because of the testimony of Andrea Constand . ''
In finishing up the government 's closing , prosecutor M. Stewart Ryan picked up where Feden left off . He was interrupted a handful of times with objections from the defense team .
`` I wonder what they 're so worried about , '' Ryan replied after the fourth objection .
`` I wonder what we 'll have to correct , '' Bliss countered .
Judge Steven O'Neill told both sides to settle down , reminding the court that he will address objections to closing statements later .
`` Biggest highway robberies of all time ''
Earlier , Cosby 's lawyers told the jury in the entertainer 's retrial that Constand is a `` pathological liar '' whose story of `` so-called assault '' is so replete with inconsistencies that it can not be trusted .
`` In a case like this , credibility becomes everything , '' defense attorney Tom Mesereau told the jury in closing arguments Tuesday morning . `` There are so many big lies , they get lost . The number of lies starts to drown others out . ''
Flipping through a PowerPoint presentation , Mesereau walked jurors through what he said are a dozen instances of Constand lying about her relationship with Cosby — and about what Mesereau described as her motive to milk Cosby for a financial settlement .
He pointed out discrepancies over things such as how long Constand had known Cosby ; whether Constand had ever flirted with the comedian ; and what he said were fibs about wearing a cashmere sweater Cosby gave her as a gift .
The nearly $ 3.4 million Constand received as part of a previously confidential civil settlement she reached with Cosby in 2006 was long the aim of Cosby 's chief accuser , he told jurors .
`` She took the money , ran with the money . Her mom got money , her father got money . They 're all part of the settlement agreement , '' Mesereau said . `` It 's one of the biggest highway robberies of all time . ''
The other women who confronted Cosby in court were driven by the desire for publicity and money , Cosby 's defense lawyers said , taking direct aim at the # MeToo movement . Attorney Kathleen Bliss said `` mob rule is not due process , '' adding that the claims of more than 60 women who have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct have been tantamount to a `` lynching , '' or a `` witch hunt . ''
`` When you join a movement based mostly on emotion and anger , you do n't change a damn thing , '' Bliss told jurors . `` Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim . Gut feelings are not rational decisions . ''
For more than two weeks , Cosby 's defense has focused on the argument that Constand is a `` con artist '' who sought to extort Cosby for a payout . In closing arguments , however , lawyers harkened back to a point made repeatedly by his defense team during the entertainer 's first trial in June 2017 : that Constand was always romantically interested in Cosby .
For proof , Mesereau pointed to `` at least 100 calls '' Constand placed after the alleged assault in January 2004 .
Constand , who worked for Temple University 's basketball team at the time , has said that the calls were about business , since Cosby was a powerful university trustee heavily involved with the school 's sports teams .
`` This is a personal , intimate relationship , not basketball , '' Mesereau said . `` Constand placed twice the number of calls than he did to her , demonstrating her pursuit of him . ''
Camille Cosby , the entertainer 's wife of more than five decades , made her first appearance Tuesday during the retrial . She walked up to her husband , kissed and embraced him . Wearing a bright yellow and orange dress , she took a seat in the first row and remained stoic throughout the proceeding .
In an unusual move , the defense team split the two-hour-long closing speech between Bliss and Mesereau .
Bliss reminded the jury about the defense team 's star witness , Margo Jackson , a former colleague of Constand 's who claims Constand confided that she wanted to fabricate a story of sexual assault in order to try to shake down a celebrity for money .
`` You would 've thought they would 've done something to check her out , '' said Bliss , indicting that prosecutors ignored Jackson in their investigation . `` Who are you going to believe ? A well-educated ... woman who works at Temple and who counsels students and has a background in psychology ? '' Bliss asked the jury . `` Or Andrea Constand , who was running a pyramid scheme at the same time ? ''
Bliss then spoke to the jury about Gianna Constand , the mother of the accuser , who testified in the case and played for the court a recording she made of Cosby apologizing , saying he would like to set up an educational fund for Constand as long as she maintained a 3.0 average .
`` Yes , he feels badly . He 's 30 years older than she is . He 's got this mother accusing him , yelling at him , whatever she was doing , '' Bliss said . `` He 's also worried about extortion . ''
Mesereau , after describing the high bar to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt , delivered his final line to the jury of seven men and five women who will soon decide Cosby 's fate .
`` He must walk out of here free , '' Mesereau said . `` He 's an 80-year-old man . He 's had a distinguished career . He 's made some mistakes for sure , but he is no criminal . ''
Prosecutors next will deliver their final remarks to jurors in a case that could send Cosby to prison for the rest of his life .
Last June , a different jury could not decide on Cosby 's fate following 52 hours of closed-door deliberations about the case .
David Murphy is a sports columnist for the Daily News . He joined the company in 2008 and spent the next six years on the Phillies beat .
HOWEVER NEGLIGIBLE the predictive value of training camp , that of minicamp somehow undershoots it . The riddle is not a difficult one to unwind , given that every play made on one side of the ball equals a play not made on the other . Nevertheless , here are six observations to file away as the Eagles wrap up their final practice before training camp :
1 Torrey Smith looks as if he could end up having a big impact on the passing game , even if he is n't the one catching the passes . One of the mild surprises from last year 's training camp was that the Eagles did not keep any of the veteran rentals they 'd brought in to stretch the field , choosing instead to stock up on younger players . Though Smith 's numbers took a hit during his time in San Francisco , he is still a player who defenses must keep an eye on , and you can see the effect it has on teammates operating in the middle of the field .
2 Speaking of deep threats , one of the big differences between the offense this spring compared with the past couple has been in the vertical passing game . Last year , only the Texans finished with fewer passing plays of 30-plus yards . The Patriots and Falcons combined for 59 such plays . The Eagles finished with 11 . Smith is part of the equation , but so is Carson Wentz , whose ability and willingness to take shots down the field has been on display throughout the OTA and minicamp practices that have been open to the media . Nelson Agholor , Alshon Jeffery , Bryce Treggs , Marcus Johnson and Smith have all been on the receiving end of some beautiful deep balls by the second-year quarterback .
3 On that note , Doug Pederson has fielded so many questions about mechanics this spring that you 'd think his name was Angie 's List . The truth of the matter is Wentz 's throwing motion is just fine . When he misfires , it has more to do with his feet than his arm , as was the case on one of his few bad throws during Wednesday 's session ( it might have been his only bad throw , actually ) . Before practice , Pederson said he had zero concerns with Wentz 's ball , and noted that the quarterback went 11-for-12 the previous day . He was even better Wednesday , including a couple of really impressive throws outside the numbers that he stuck on Zach Ertz 's hands .
4 Quick , think of the last Eagles great who played his last NFL game while wearing midnight green . If you 're struggling , there 's a reason : Jason Peters could be the second one to do so since Jeffrey Lurie purchased the team in 1994 . Take a look at the list of Eagles who have logged the most games during Lurie 's tenure . If Peters stays healthy for the entire season , his total will sit at 120 . Two of the 12 players in front of him are still with the team , with Jon Dorenbos at 162 and Brent Celek at 159 . Each of the remaining 10 ended up playing for another NFL team before calling it quits .
The list includes David Akers ( 49ers and Lions ) , Brian Dawkins ( Broncos ) , Trent Cole ( Colts ) , Donovan McNabb ( Redskins and Vikings ) , Jon Runyan ( Chargers ) , Sheldon Brown ( Browns ) , Todd Herremans ( Colts ) , Hollis Thomas ( Saints , Panthers , Rams ) , Quintin Mikell ( Rams ) and Bobby Taylor ( Seahawks ) .
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle ? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
At the moment , Peters ranks 25th in games played as an Eagle during Lurie 's tenure . Among the players he could pass this season : Taylor , Troy Vincent ( Bills , Redskins ) , Jason Avant ( Chiefs ) , Mike Patterson ( Giants ) , Jermane Mayberry ( Saints ) , Ike Reese ( Falcons ) and Brian Westbrook ( 49ers ) .
Only Jeremiah Trotter retired while wearing Eagles green , thanks to the 2009 comeback bid that followed his second two-year absence from the team .
5 I would n't be stunned to see the Eagles try to add another veteran cornerback to the mix this summer , though there are n't many obvious options out there at this point .
C.J . Smith , who spent most of last season on special teams , has gotten some reps with the first group of defensive backs as third-round draft pick Rasul Douglas continues to learn the defense . But the Eagles could really use another experienced body on the outside .
6 The eventual makeup of the Eagles running game is still anybody 's guess . Fourth-round draft pick Donnel Pumphrey has spent a lot of time on the field in these practices , and the Eagles seem confident that he can hold his own as a pass catcher and route runner , but it 'll be interesting to see how he looks carrying the ball against live contact . He 's similar in size to Darren Sproles , but he has a thinner frame and a higher center of gravity , so I 'm not sure you can just say , `` Well , Sproles has done it . ''
Now , let 's return our attention to the NBA draft .
dmurphy @ phillynews.com
@ ByDavidMurphy
Authorities in the north announced another change in school hours which are to be applied as of Thursday .
School hours in the north were changed in December , following the public outcry after a deadly road accident last November which claimed the lives of two students and their bus driver .
A number of protests were held following the accident were people said children were forced to go to school in the dark and they demanded that the regime in the north ditch its earlier decision not to switch to winter time .
The accident had occurred at 6.10am ( 7.10am Turkish time ) when the school bus carrying students crashed into a truck near Pentadaktylos . The administration 's decision not to switch back from daylight saving time last October meant that at 7am , when the students were traveling to school , the sun had not risen yet .
According to the new schedule , elementary schools will begin classes each day at 8am and high schools will begin at 7.55am . The implementation of the new school hours will start on Thursday and end in June when schools close for the summer .
The new time change was aimed at adjusting the school hours to daylight .
In December , it was decided that public servants and secondary education students would go to work and school at 8.30 instead of 8.00am . Under those rules , which were applicable until February , primary schools begun classes at 7.45am .
Last week , the ‘ cabinet ' also decided to re-adjust civil servants ' hours . As of Thursday , they will be going to work at 8am .
Are those wedding bells ? 20 celebs who you did n't know were engaged
While there have been a lot of celeb break-ups this year , there have also been plenty of people getting engaged
There 's been a changing of the guard at the Rotary Club of Peachland , where longstanding member Peggy Southin has taken over as President .
“ I really want to see us have a fun year , ” she said . “ And the things that we do , we make it fun , even if it 's slicing of onions for bratwurst and smokeys – we get together early in the morning and we have fun doing it . ”
Peggy has been a Rotarian for 15 years , and being married to Chris Southin – who served as assistant governor for the district and as the Peachland Rotary President – she was happily pulled into the club 's gravity .
“ When I was retired I went with Chris on club visits around the district so Rotary just got right into my blood , ” she said . “ I got a lot of background knowledge and info about rotary – it just becomes a part of who you are . ”
Under her thumb , the local club 's efforts will continue to assist the community on every scale . From local efforts like the purchase of a defibrillator for Fire Chief Dennis Craig 's vehicle to regional support like Kamloops Fire Relief Fund donations , and even on a global level where they virtually eradicated the world of Polio – Peachland Rotarians take on some heavy issues .
On the lighter side , they host delicious barbecues ; give away scholarships ; they made a recent donation to the Peachland Players ; and Rotarians are the reason Concerts in the Park happen in Peachland .
“ Concerts in the park is a wonderful way to give back to the community – we do n't charge any money for it , ” Peggy said , though a hat is passed around for donations . Money raised for the first two concert events helped out the Kamloops Fire Relief Fund and the final two shows will benefit the Shelter Box Program ; mobile kits which provide basic living needs for families in disaster-stricken areas .
The next Concert in the Park is this Sunday , Aug. 13 at Heritage Park . The music will be made by Cod Gone Wild and the show is being dedicated to world peace .
Another event the Rotarians made possible is a murder mystery show at the 50+ Activity Centre on Sept. 30 .
And they add even more fun to the world by organizing student exchange programs each year .
“ It opens doors to the kids who do n't know what 's outside of their town or country . Sometimes they learn to speak another language – one student could barely speak English before she came , then before she left , she did her whole presentation in English . Many of them go on to do wonderful things in literature because we 've given them that chance . ”
But international students who speak English as their first language can find Canadian culture shocking too . One student from Australia , Peggy recalls , had never heard the word “ trunk ” been used to describe the part of an automobile .
It 's also a great way for host families to connect with international culture , and Peggy says the Rotary Club is always looking for hosts .
Currently , there are 33 Rotarians in the Peachland club . Peggy said the membership is aging a little bit and new members are always being considered . Anybody on the fence about joining can sit in on their weekly meetings to get a better feel .
“ The meetings start at 12 p.m. on Thursdays at the Gasthaus and last for about an hour and a quarter , and we often have a guest speaker . ”
× Every Season is Tick Season
LUZERNE COUNTY — Pennsylvania has one of the highest rates of Lyme Disease in the country , and ticks that carry Lyme are found in all 67 counties in the state .
A tick new to the United States has made its way to New Jersey , and experts say it is likely not going anywhere .
“ If that tick made it from East Asia to New Jersey , it 's a shorter journey from New Jersey to Pennsylvania , ” said PA Lyme Resource Network Director of Education and Outreach , Michele Cassetori . Cassetori is also the Regional Leader for NEPA .
The longhorned tick was first spotted in Jersey in August of last year , but the National Veterinary Services Laboratory confirmed that the species survived the winter .
That type of tick can carry an illness similar to Lyme Disease , but that other illness has not shown up in the U.S. yet . It is just another tick to look out for .
“ It is always tick season . People are surprised to find out that ticks do not die in the winter . They actually survive and the snow is an insulator for ticks , ” Cassetori explained .
While ticks come out on warm winter days , experts say spring and summer is the time of year to be even more alert .
“ For sure , we do tick checks all the time , ” said Jo Shaw of Wilkes-Barre .
On a nice day like Tuesday , kids playing in Kirby Park have fewer layers on .
“ We have more skin available for the ticks at that time . The other thing that happens in the spring , the younger ticks are hatching and we 're actually looking for a nymphal tick which is extremely small , very difficult to see , very easy to miss on the skin , ” Cassetori explained .
Experts say protecting your pets should be a priority , too .
“ I found two on my dog , they were really gross . I 've never seen one until this year , and they were just nasty , ” Shaw said .
Ticks that carry Lyme Disease are found statewide .
“ And there has n't been anything to lead us to think that we 'll have less of a tick season than we had last year . So I encourage everyone to start being vigilant right now , ” Cassetori said .
The NEPA Lyme Resource Network meets at Misericordia University on the first Tuesday of every month . Next month , on Tuesday , May 1 , there will be a “ Dare 2B Tick Aware ” Lyme Disease prevention presentation open to the public .
…it 's this chap Hosking . People complaining that he 's patently politically biased to the Right and should n't be chairing political debates before next month 's election . Here 's my take on it . His personal politics are Right Wing . So far as I know , he does n't deny it . My personal politics , when I was a radio and television interviewer , were Left Wing . When a national newspaper accused me of allowing my personal political views to affect my interviewing , of being ‘ politically biased ' , I sued the paper for defamation . And won . You see , there 's nothing wrong with current affairs broadcasters having personal political opinions , however strongly held , providing they do n't allow those opinions to undermine or infect their on-air work . Indeed , it 's doubtful whether a political eunuch , if such a current affairs broadcaster exists , could do the job at all . I do n't much care for Mike Hosking myself . He comes across to me as an arrogant prick , more interested in his own opinions than anyone else 's . But that does n't amount to a political bias . And if you want to publicly accuse him of having such a bias and allowing it to infect his work as a professional current affairs broadcaster , you better come up with some pretty solid evidence . Or risk finding yourself in court . Do n't say I never warned you .
Brian , the problem is n't the bias . The problem is that the right wants more free speech and the left want to silence those that they do n't agree with .
Nothing much new there either , sadly .
Politics , on paper , is a contest of ideas . If your ideas continue to fail to grab the attention of the majority of voters , then if you do n't want to change your ideas , the next step is to stop the voters having access to ideas other than yours .
It 's dangerous , undemocratic , and when taken to extremes , has people calling for or participating in things that are against the law . Hacking . Burglary . Riots . Blackmail .
There is a better solution to this . Co-host the debate with a Left Wing moderator . Swap between ad breaks .
But for once , I have to admire the powers for not buckling in the face of a Left Wing social media campaign . They have been emboldened by so many easy wins , they think that all they have to do is make a little noise and the world will yield to their demands .
Things are changing .
Do n't say I never warned you .
– Brian Edwards
New Delhi : Come January 25 and Shah Rukh Khan fans will get to see their favourite actor in and as 'Raees ' . The much-awaited flick has raised the curiosity levels and now the superstar shared two new posters from the film .
The first poster has SRK and Mahira Khan . While Shah Rukh looks bruised in the poster Mahira has an intense posture with eyes shut . You have to see it to get that feel . Also , the caption used by SRK is dayum filmy .
The second poster gives us major gangster feel as Shah Rukh 's head is covered in style with a keffiyeh and boy those black round glasses . Again , do n't miss the caption there . 'Raees ' has been directed by Rahul Dholakia and will be clashing at the box office with Hrithik Roshan starrer 'Kaabil ' .
Check out the posters here :
Pakistan is resorting to new terror tactics to assert their influence in Afghanistan . According to sources , Pakistani spy agency ISI has orchestrated deadly attacks in Afghanistan cities and is also colluding with Taliban to target NATO forces .
The ISI has instructed Taliban to hire personnel of the Afghan National Army and get into a joint operation to carry out insider attack at NATO forces in Afghanistan , said sources . The meeting between ISI officials and Taliban terrorists was held recently wherein it was decided that they would jointly attack foreign forces on the soil .
They further said that the Pakistan Army is also giving training to few Top Taliban commanders to ensure that coordinated attack on foreign forces can be successfully made out .
This comes after US intelligence agencies issued warnings that the Taliban could launch major attack particularly in Kabul . The US intel had said that terrorist groups based in Pakistan would continue to use their sanctuaries and carry out more attacks on US forces .
Pakistan has been restoring to terror tactics using Afghan Taliban to carry out attacks targeting Afghans forces and their critical infrastructure .
On January 20 , Taliban terrorists had attacked the landmark Intercontinental Hotel and killed around 25 people , search for them in each room of the hotel . The Afghan Embassy in the US had claimed that the attack was planned by Pakistan .
Another evidence suggesting Pakistan 's collusion with Taliban attackers was military grade goggles procured by the Pakistani army from British company . A tweet by Majeed Qarar , Cultural Attache at the Embassy of Afghanistan , had alleged that the goggles were supplied by Pakistan Army to terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba in Kashmir and Taliban in Afghanistan .
SM Adult Heavyweight Cotton/Poly Hoodie
SM Adult 100 % Cotton Long Sleeve Tee
SM Adult Crewneck Sweatshirt
SM Juniors Tank Top
SM Adult Regular Fit Polo
SM Youth Hooded Sweatshirt
SKU : 170102-50776-1Part No : BLE114Weight : 1 lbsMaterial : cotton/polyester75 % Cotton/ 25 % Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Heavyweight 9oz . HoodieCondition : NewSKU : 170102-50776Weight : 1 lbsMaterial : cotton100 % Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 18/1 Long Sleeve T ShirtCondition : NewSKU : 170102-50776Weight : 1 lbsMaterial : cotton/polyester50 % Cotton/50 % Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Crewneck SweatshirtCondition : NewSKU : 170102-50776Weight : 1 lbsMaterial : cotton100 % Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors Tank TopCondition : NewSKU : 170102-50776Weight : 1 lbsMaterial : cotton/polyester50 % Cotton/50 % Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Polo with printing on backsideCondition : NewSKU : 170102-50776Weight : 1 lbsMaterial : cotton100 % Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable SweatshirtCondition : New
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) — Bobby Hurley is no stranger to college basketball lore . So when his Arizona State team travelled to Allen Fieldhouse to face Kansas on Sunday , the former Duke star knew what they were in for .
“ No one really wins here , ” Hurley said . “ You come in here , most of the time you 're not leaving real happy . ”
Well , the Sun Devils sure did . Tra Holder scored 29 points on 8-for-16 shooting , and No . 16 Arizona State upset No . 2 Kansas 95-85 on Sunday to improve to 9-0 .
Shannon Evans II had 22 points , and Remy Martin added 21 for the Sun Devils . Arizona State shot 50 percent from 3-point range and 50.8 percent overall to hand Kansas ( 7-2 ) its second straight loss . The Jayhawks fell to unranked Washington on Wednesday night .
“ I did n't really have to coach a whole lot tonight , ” Hurley said . “ These guys sitting with me here deserve all the credit . ”
After a slow start that forced Hurley to use a timeout less than two minutes into the game , the Sun Devils found themselves down by as much as 13 before making their first field goal . The energy in Allen Fieldhouse was as high as has been all season , as Hurley expected .
Arizona State got back into it , though , trimming the deficit to just three points at halftime and eventually outscoring the Jayhawks 58-42 in the second half . To get over this initial hump , the Sun Devils had to take a breath and tune out the raucous environment .
“ The game slowed down for us , ” Holder said . “ At first it was really rapid , the crowd got into it . ”
For Kansas , the difference was defense — or the lack thereof .
“ It was n't our offense , ” coach Bill Self said . “ Hey , if you score 85 at home , you 're supposed to win . ”
Lagerald Vick led Kansas with 25 points , his fifth time with 20 or more this season . Devonte ' Graham added 19 points and eight assists .
Svi Mykhailiuk had an off day , going 3 for 14 from the field and not registering any of his 14 points until he hit a 3-pointer with 6 minutes left . He had four turnovers and four fouls .
BIG PICTURE
Kansas lost consecutive games for the first time since December 2013 . Self will need to diagnose what went wrong in a hurry , with the start of conference play just three games away .
Arizona State picked up another marquee victory after knocking off No . 15 Xavier in late November . The Sun Devils are 9-0 for the first time since 1974-75 and look to be one of the top teams in the Pac-12 .
FANTASTIC FRESHMAN
Martin finished with 21 points on a 8-11 shooting and a perfect 2-for-2 from 3-point range . A true freshman , he did n't seem to be intimidated by the Allen Fieldhouse crowd despite it being just his ninth career game .
“ It was a tremendous thing for me to witness and be a part of , ” Hurley said .
NEWMAN HURT
Kansas starting guard Malik Newman took a knee to the head late in the game , sending him to the floor for a couple minutes as he was evaluated by medical staff .
After the game , Self said that he was told Newman suffered a concussion , but that he did n't know the severity or much of a concrete timetable for his recovery .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Kansas will tumble after the two losses . With another impressive win , Arizona State should continue its rise toward the top of the poll .
UP NEXT
Kansas heads north to face former Big 12 rival Nebraska on Saturday .
Arizona State hosts Vanderbilt next Sunday .
___
More college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) - The ultimate underdog story is over , but this NCAA Tournament will always be remembered for the sweetest No . 16 in college basketball history .
UMBC 's brief , but historic run ended with a 50-43 loss to ninth seeded Kansas State on Sunday night .
UMBC became the first 16 seed to beat a No . 1 , destroying top-ranked Virginia 74-54 on Friday night . After pulling off an all-time sports stunner , the Retrievers ran out of magic against the Wildcats .
`` I 'm proud of my guys , man , '' UMBC senior guard Jourdan Grant . `` We made history . Ca n't be mad at that . I would n't want to go out with another set of guys , man . I love these guys to the moon and back . This season , we 'll remember it for the rest of our lives . ''
As UMBC coach Ryan Odom emptied his bench with 9.4 seconds left , the crowd gave the Retrievers a standing ovation . The players hugged at midcourt . After the game ended , players walked over to the side of the court and gave their fans an appreciative wave .
The dream had ended , but some players managed smiles as they left the court .
`` ( UMBC ) played their hearts out , '' Kansas State coach Bruce Weber said . `` UMBC , you 've got to give Coach ( Ryan ) Odom credit . What they did to Virginia was unbelievable . ''
Barry Brown led Kansas State with 18 points and Xavier Sneed came up with some huge plays down the stretch , including a monster dunk off an offensive rebound .
The Wildcats ( 24-11 ) move on to the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2010 when they lost in the Elite Eight to Butler . They will face No . 5 Kentucky on Thursday night .
UMBC had only had two field goals in the final six minutes and shot just 29.8 percent for the game .
UMBC 's scrappy defense forced 18 turnovers , but managed just three points off those . They finished 6 of 22 from 3-point range two nights after lighting up Virginia . And 9 of 18 from the free throw line .
`` This entire week has been amazing up until the last two hours , '' UMBC guard Joe Sherburne said . `` We connected with people around the world . We could tell during the game how many people were rooting for us . ''
K.J . Maura , the 5-foot-8 point guard , said : `` We put our name on the map . We gave hope to smaller seeds . ''
And earned the admiration of their opponents . Brown made sure to congratulate the Retrievers .
`` I think they just needed to hear they had a great run - and what they did was history , '' Brown said . `` I just wanted to tell each and every one of them 'You 're a great player , good job ' and just give them the credit . They earned it . ''
Maybe the Spectrum Center was simply done giving up upsets .
Earlier , defending national champion and No . 2 seed North Carolina was throttled by seventh-seeded Texas A & M .
Not that UMBC did n't give it a try .
The Retrievers ( 25-11 ) had a chance to take the lead with 5 minutes remaining , but Arkel Lamar was stripped of the ball on a drive to the lane and Sneed took the ball the length of the floor for a two-handed dunk .
Brown then hit a fall-away jumper .
Sneed , who had eight points , then skied above the rim and jammed home an offensive rebound even bringing the pro-UMBC crowd to its feet . Makol Mawien added a dunk on a fastbreak to seal the victory with 45 seconds left .
`` It just gave us a lot of energy and a boost to show we could win this game , '' said the 6-foot-5 Sneed said of his dunk , where he elevated so high the top of his head was almost level to the rim .
The Retrievers showed no sign of a letdown early on , jumping out to a 7-0 lead after Kansas State missed its first eight shots - five of those from beyond the arc .
Kansas State did n't score until the 13:40 mark of the first half , but the Wildcats closed the half on a 17-8 run and led 25-20 at the break despite going 0 for 8 from 3-point range .
`` What I said in the huddle was keep guarding , keep being persistent , '' Weber said . `` And then Xavier made some plays down the stretch . We just shut them out . ''
BIG PICTURE
UMBC : Chances are people will one day have to Google who won the 2018 NCAA Tournament , but they 'll never forget what Jairus Lyles and the Retrievers pulled off in Charlotte .
Kansas State : Brown defended Lyles extremely well , holding him to 12 points on 4-of-15 shooting . The Wildcats held a 35-28 edge on the boards .
POOL PARTY
Weber 's hair was soaked as he exited the locker room .
`` We held a little pool party in the locker room , '' Brown said with a laugh .
NEVER A NEGATIVE THOUGHT
Grant said the Retrievers were not satisfied with just beating Virginia and thought they would win .
`` I mean , it definitely puts a damper on it , man , '' Grant said . `` We definitely did n't think we were going out tonight . We definitely intended on being in this tournament a lot longer . Nobody plans on losing and I do n't think we planned on losing . Just take it for what it is . We made history , I love my guys and that 's all I can say . ''
NOT-SO FREE THROWS
Lyles was upset that he went 3 of 6 from the field , matching his team 's 50 percent shooting from the foul line . He was held to 12 points on 4-of-15 shooting by Brown , one of the nation 's top defenders .
`` I 'm not going to make any excuses , '' Lyles said . `` I 've got to hit those free throws . I missed a lot of shots I usually make . ''
UP NEXT
Kansas State : Will face Kentucky in Atlanta , a virtual home game for Big Blue Nation .
President Peter Mutharika has warned that he will not tolerate anyone engaging in corruption whether in government or not , pledging he will support the fight against corruption in its totality . Mutharika was speaking at police…
The post Malawi President Mutharika says ‘ I 'm tired of corruption in this country ' appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi .
Source link
The Han 's Cafe outlets were once highly popular in Perth .
The Han 's Cafe outlets were once highly popular in Perth . Picture : Nic Ellis
The Armadale and Rockingham Han 's Cafe franchises have been hit with big fines after underpaying staff $ 100,000 over a year .
It comes almost a year after three cafes owned by the founder of the once-popular chain of restaurants went into liquidation , along with the management company , leaving just a dozen franchises in Perth .
The Armadale franchise was last month fined $ 35,000 for underpaying 27 staff about $ 67,000 , while the Rockingham outlet was fined $ 37,500 for underpayments of $ 28,000 . The general manager at the Rockingham cafe incurred a further $ 7500 fine for her role in the breaches .
An investigation by the Fair Work Ombudsman found Phua and Foo Pty Ltd , owned by Kin “ Philip ” Phua and his wife Ai Poon Foo , had failed to pay minimum rates of pay , overtime rates , weekend penalties and casual loading at the Armadale cafe over nine months in 2015 .
The Han 's Café success story has ended in heartache . The West Australian The Han 's Café success story has ended in heartache .
The ombudsman told the Federal Court that Mr Phua knew his obligations under the Restaurant Award , but he had told an agency investigator that as a small business it could only pay a flat rate of $ 25 an hour .
He also claimed a limited capacity for the business to pay a penalty because of a net loss of nearly $ 56,000 in 2016 .
But the ombudsman told the Federal Court the business made profits in 2013 , 2014 and 2015 of between $ 63,000 to $ 242,000 a year .
Mr Phua owned two properties , one of which was bought for $ 1 million three years ago .
The other , valued at $ 450,000 , did not have a mortgage .
Justice Antony Siopis noted in his ruling that Mr Phua had repaid staff , was remorseful and had attended a payroll administration course .
Tac Pham Pty Ltd was penalised for not paying the minimum wage , or weekend , split shift and public holiday penalty rates at the Rockingham franchise .
The franchise also failed to provide proper pay slips in 2015 .
Company owner Tac Pham said he had incurred a $ 33,000 loss for 2016 and had to use income from his other companies to cover the loss . His wife Cuc Thi Thu Pham , the cafe 's general manager , owns four beauty businesses in WA and a successful business in Vietnam .
Between them , they own five homes . The couple said the franchise had relied on a payroll system set up by the franchisor and they did not understand Australian law and culture .
Mr Pham said he felt shameful and had back paid staff .
But the ombudsman said the couple could not have been under any misunderstanding about obligations , following intervention in 2013 .
Ombudsman Natalie James said employers had a legal responsibility to know pay rates .
TORONTO ( AP ) - Details have begun to emerge about Alek Minassian , who was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder for driving a van into a crowded sidewalk in Toronto . Here is a look at the 25-year-old suspect in one of the worst mass killings in Canada 's modern history .
___
A YOUNG MAN FROM SUBURBAN TORONTO , AND A STUNNED FAMILY
Minassian lived with his family in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill , on a street of sizeable , well-tended brick homes . Police say he had no criminal record before Monday .
His father , Vahe Minassian , wept and seemed stunned as he watched as his son , showing little emotion , make a brief court appearance Tuesday and be ordered held without bail .
When his father was asked later whether he had any message for the families of the people killed and injured , he said quietly : `` I 'm sorry . ''
____
A `` SOCIALLY AWKWARD '' STUDENT
Minassian attended Seneca College , according to his LinkedIn profile ; a spokeswoman for the Toronto-area school did n't immediately respond to an inquiry about him Tuesday . Another student , Joseph Pham , told The Toronto Star that Minassian was in a computer programming class with him just last week .
Pham described Minassian as a `` socially awkward '' student who kept to himself : `` He did n't really talk to anyone . ''
Before college , Minassian attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill , graduating in 2011 . A Thornlea classmate , Ari Blaff , told CBC News he recalls Minassian was `` sort of in the background , '' not the center of any particular group of friends .
`` He was n't overly social , '' Blaff told the news broadcaster .
Both Thornlea and Seneca declined to discuss him Tuesday .
____
A STINT IN THE MILITARY
Minassian joined the Canadian Armed Forces last year , but his stay was brief .
The Department of National Defence says he was a member of the military from Aug. 23 to Oct. 25 , but did n't complete his recruit training . He asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days , the department said .
___
A BITTERNESS TOWARD WOMEN ?
Shortly before Monday 's attack on a crowded Toronto street , a chilling post appeared on Minassian 's now-deleted Facebook account saluting Elliot Rodger , a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California , Santa Barbara , before apparently shooting himself to death in 2014 .
Calling Rodger `` the Supreme Gentleman , '' the Facebook post declared : `` The Incel Rebellion has already begun ! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys ! ''
The 22-year-old Rodger had used the term `` incel '' - for involuntarily celibate - in online posts raging at women for rejecting him romantically . Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use `` Chad '' and `` Stacy '' as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives .
Monday 's Facebook post mentions that `` Private ( Recruit ) Minassian '' is speaking , and Facebook confirmed that the post was on an account that belonged to the suspect . The social networking site took down his account after the attack , saying in a statement Tuesday , `` There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts . ''
VIDEO : Internet 's favourite dancing uncle Sanjeev Shrivastava has offered a dancing tribute to Bollywood 's best dancer Hrithik Roshan in his latest video .
After garnering instant popularity across social media owing to the viral video , dancing uncle became an overnight sensation . Post grabbing eyeballs for his electrifying performance on Govinda 's dance at a wedding , dancing uncle is currently setting the internet on fire with his moves on Hrithik 's Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai .
Grooving to the hook steps of Hrithik Roshan 's chartbuster Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai , dancing uncle is creating waves online with his new video .
Emerging as an overnight sensation with his debut film , Hrithik Roshan is touted to be the millennial Superstar . One of the best dancers of the industry , Hrithik Roshan is known for his spectacular moves and graceful dancing skills .
Delivering some of the best performances , Hrithik Roshan is hailed to be Bollywood 's best dancers .
On the work front , Hrithik Roshan is currently shooting for his upcoming film Super 30 based on mathematician Anand Kumar which marks to be Hrithik 's first ever biopic .
PASCAGOULA , Miss . -- Jackson County Sheriff Mike Ezell wants citizens to be mindful of a telephone scam involving an individual who claims to work at the sheriff 's department attempting to scam people for money .
According to Ezell , the department has received multiple calls from citizens saying an individual is calling residents identifying himself as a deputy sheriff , Sgt . Smith or Sgt . Wilson .
Per the department , `` Please be aware there is no Sgt . Smith or Sgt . Wilson employed by the department . ''
The caller is telling people they have a warrant for missing jury duty and owe fines . The caller wants the person to obtain prepaid credit cards and call back with the number on the cards . This is a scam , according to the department .
`` This is a scam , '' Ezell said . `` The Jackson County Sheriff 's Department will not call and ask for payment over the phone for fines . If anyone is asking you to obtain prepaid cards and provide them with the card numbers , DO NOT DO IT . The person can take the card numbers and use them , they do not need the actual card .
San Jose , USA — 04 July 2018 — Animal Abatement Specialists have been on the market for a long time and they have worked hard on building a good name for themselves . The problem on the market nowadays is that good quality work is n't done anymore . Those that are doing it are usually the veterans or those that have a high enough price . People do n't usually go for a high price because they do n't have the resources to waste on something as menial as a dead animal in their backyard .
What they do is that they are calling the state dead animal removal san francisco that are n't very good and they settle for those services . What these people are doing is unacceptable : they are n't punctual , do n't do the work completely and do n't clean after themselves . When an American calls in a service then he is expecting the people to do a proper job and not just come and take the money without doing anything of the essence . The san francisco dead animal removal is an amazing service for those people that expect a good work to be done .
When there is an animal visitor in the backyard then this does n't automatically mean that this animal has to die as to be removed from the premises . A good service will come and will remove the living animal without causing it any harm . In case there is a dead animal removal necessary then it 's even easier for the guys as to get the job done with ease . The wildlife pest control is the hard part in this equation and this is the core reason why so many people are n't good at it .
A lot of people have rated the wildlife removal specialist with top marks because the people that have come when they called were respectful , compatible and came on time . One can not really expect the state services to be there in time or even to come on the same day that the client has called them . Top of the line wildlife removal specialist is usually expensive but this company is trying to keep their prices in check as to be able to service as many people that are in need as possible . It all comes to a good idea being done properly and invested in as required .
Contact :
Company : Animal Abatement Specialists
Web site : animalabatementspecialists.com
URL : yelp.com/biz/animal-abatement-specialists-san-jose-2
Address : 3924 Sophist Dr , San Jose , CA 95132
Phone number : ( 408 ) 761-7837
by
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) — Four current California lawmakers have faced sexual misconduct complaints since 2006 but none was disciplined , according to documents released Friday by the state Legislature .
Their conduct ranged from inappropriate comments about sex to unwanted touching . The lawmakers were told to watch their behavior , while 11 legislative staffers targeted by complaints were mostly fired or suspended .
The lawmakers sought to minimize the complaints , either calling them blatantly political , a reflection of poor record-keeping or the result of disgruntled former employees .
They are Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke of Los Angeles , Republican Assemblyman Travis Allen of Huntington Beach , Democratic Sen. Tony Mendoza of Artesia , near LA , and Democratic Sen. Bob Hertzberg of LA .
“ I 'm sure I 've shaken many people 's hands , tapped many people on the shoulder , and have even tapped people 's feet accidentally . But there has never been anything in any of my actions that has been inappropriate , and nor will there ever be , ” said Allen , who is running for governor and called releasing the complaint against him about inappropriate touching a “ political attack . ”
The Senate and Assembly revealed the documents in response to requests from The Associated Press and other media outlets . They offer the fullest picture yet of sexual harassment and misconduct in California 's Capitol , but it may be incomplete .
Many women say they do n't report misbehavior for fear of retaliation , and the documents do n't include allegations when investigations were not completed . In the Assembly , 62 allegations have been made against lawmakers and staff since 2006 , according to additional documents given to the Los Angeles Times .
“ The selective release of data related only to certain individuals serves only to further erode the trust that so many victims and survivors hope to rebuild , ” according to a statement from the group We Said Enough .
The group launched an October 2017 letter from nearly 150 women saying sexual misconduct is pervasive and often goes unchecked at the California Capitol . It came amid a national wave of allegations against men in politics , Hollywood and elsewhere .
A heavily redacted complaint says Allen inappropriately touched a female staff member in early 2013 . On separate occasions , he stood uncomfortably close , touched her foot with his and squeezed her shoulders , the documents said .
The Assembly 's chief administrative officer told Allen he had made two women uncomfortable by being overly familiar . Allen was advised “ to be very conscious of his conduct . ”
Burke acknowledged participating in an inappropriate discussion about anal sex after a complaint was filed last year , the documents show . The Assembly 's human resources director discussed the need to maintain a professional office environment .
Burke , who signed the October letter , said the complaint filed by a “ disgruntled former staff member ” stemmed from an after-hours discussion in which an aide was sharing a personal story .
“ I recognize my obligation to ensure a safe and comfortable work environment for everyone in my office , and I think every claim needs to be taken seriously , ” she said in a statement Friday . “ However , I believed then and still believe that the complaint was motivated by the former staff member 's anger over being terminated . ”
Hertzberg was accused of grabbing a staff member , dancing and singing to her in 2015 . A former Assembly speaker , Hertzberg has nicknames like “ Hugsberg ” for his frequent hugs as greetings . He said he would stop late last year after three women told the Sacramento Bee newspaper that his hugs had made them uncomfortable .
He criticized the Senate 's record-keeping , noting a summary page about the complaint was written Friday , according to its time stamp .
“ The fact that some records were written today and others were handwritten proves the point that the Legislature 's HR practices are problematic , ” he said in a statement . “ I remain committed to working on solutions that will instill faith in the Capitol as a safe and accountable workplace for all . ”
Mendoza , meanwhile , was suspended last week until an investigation wraps up into allegations he acted inappropriately toward young women who worked for him . The documents include a 2010 complaint from a staff member when Mendoza was in the Assembly .
The documents also reference two lawmakers — Matt Dabaneh and Raul Bocanegra — who resigned last fall after allegations emerged . A previously known 2009 complaint against Bocanegra was included in the documents .
Staff members , meanwhile , are accused of lewd sexual comments and behavior , including having pornography on work computers and inappropriate touching .
Senate staffer Eric Worthen was fired in 2011 for making sexual comments to a co-worker , then appointed by Gov . Jerry Brown to the California Department of Veterans Affairs .
Brown 's office said it did n't know about the complaints . Worthen was later indicted in a corruption scandal that put his old boss , former Sen. Leland Yee , in federal prison .
___
By KATHLEEN RONAYNE
Associated Press
Associated Press writers Jonathan J. Cooper and Don Thompson contributed reporting .
The popular Pets ' Corner in Hazlehead Park in Aberdeen has recorded its highest visitor numbers after a £750,000 renovation and two new baby meerkat residents were introduced to the facility .
Numbers of people visiting Pets ' Corner in July 2017 were 24,971 , compared to 8,300 for July 2016 and the total for 2016 ( January to October ) was 45,434 . And , Saturday , July 8 , had the highest number of visitors the facility has ever had in one day - 1,640 .
Aberdeen City Council communities , housing and infrastructure convener Councillor Yvonne Allan said the renovation which was finished at the end of June and the two new furry friends introduced on July 7 have proved the attraction has been made even more popular .
She said : “ The number of extra people is fantastic coming to see the meerkats and the £750,000 renovations and I 'm sure visitors from both near and far have enjoyed the new facilities and residents .
“ Pets ' Corner has been popular with families for years and the refurbishments and new additions have made it a really exciting place to go for people of all ages , particularly in the beautiful setting of Hazlehead Park .
“ We hope more new visitors come to Pets ' Corner to see all the attractions . ”
Other animal attractions at Pets ' Corner include alpacas , kune kune pigs , geese , turkey , chickens , sheep , goats , Shetland pony , miniature donkeys , fish , reptiles , budgies , ducks , finches , chipmunks , guinea fowl , ferrets , rabbits , chinchilla , guinea pigs and Vadar the albino Burmese python .
Gethin the pygmy goat was a new arrival last July and has proved a popular attraction for both young and old alike .
Donald Shaw , chairman of Friends of Hazlehead Park charity group which works with Aberdeen City Council to improve the facilities at the park and promote its attractions , said : “ One of our top priorities was to modernise and improve Pets ' Corner and further transform it into an interpretive/educational centre for the city and shire . We 've worked tirelessly with the City Council over the past five years to make this happen .
“ It 's fantastic , the work to the aquarium and reptile section is now finished and the interpretation centre in extended Pets ' Corner will be fully opened shortly providing a boost to the park which will give people , and particularly families , a great reason to visit the area and see for themselves all the fantastic facilities and animals there are .
“ We are really delighted with the finished facility . The huge interest and support shown by the public has been brilliant and is testament to vision of this investment . ''
The summer opening hours for Pets ' Corner are every day from 10am to 5.30pm
For years trousseaus have been associated with the bride-to-be . The elaborate gowns and everything that goes with it . Well , traditionally yes but not for long . With changing times , men no longer believe in taking the back seat . The day demands perfection in all aspects especially the outfits , and the dapper men of today are settling [ … ]
Ultra-liberal Sweden is becoming a shell of its former self because liberalism has turned this once peaceful country into a chaotic , multicultural cesspool of violence and unrest .
Swedes have always taken pride in their open-mindedness , believing their good intentions and big hearts would overcome a collision of cultures when it comes to immigration without assimilation . Swayed by purely emotional thinking , they assumed their kindness and generosity would be reciprocated , believing their sophistication and universal outlook would elevate them above the consequences of what happens when Third World mindsets reside at First World addresses .
Now crime is on the rise and Swedish police officer Peter Springare has had enough . In a Facebook post that he openly admitted was n't politically correct , Springare said his “ suspected perpetrators ” for crimes that week came from : “ Iraq , Iraq , Turkey , Syria , Afghanistan , Somalia , Somalia , Syria again , Somalia , unknown country , unknown country , Sweden . ”
Of course , Sweden 's Prime Minister Stefan Lofven challenged Officer Springare 's claims , which quickly went viral .
Apparently , Prime Minister Lofven had a change of heart after the April 7 terrorist attack when an immigrant expressed his appreciation for Sweden 's generosity by hijacking a beer truck and mowing down a crowd on a bustling Stockholm shopping street . After the attack , reports emerged that police searching for clues in the Stockholm suburb of Tensta were “ pelted with stones by hostile gangs ” of immigrant youth .
Lofven now promises Sweden “ will never go back to the [ mass immigration ] we had in autumn 2015 , never. ” According to the UK Daily Mail , 80 percent of the asylum seekers admitted in 2015 did not have identification papers , making it “ impossible to find out who they were or whether they had terror links. ” Another 40,000 were let in without seeking asylum and “ simply disappeared and have not been traced by the authorities . ”
Sweden may never go back to 2015 levels , but what 's done is done . They flushed their safety , security and national identity down the loo and will forevermore reap the consequences of their nonsensical choices .
Like former President Obama and Germany 's Angela Merkel , Lofven is a megalomaniacal leftwing globalist ideologue who proudly promotes policies normal people hate . They live in a world defined by childlike assumptions of multiculturalism , but multiculturalism has worked for the West about as well as socialism worked for Venezuela .
During a CNN interview with Brooke Baldwin , a Syrian man , Kassam Eid , praised and thanked President Trump for his recent Tomahawk missile response to the sarin attack in Syria . Eid told Baldwin he did n't see the media or all the people protesting Trump 's travel ban “ raising your voice against President Obama 's inaction in Syria that made us refugees get kicked out of Syria . ”
“ If you really care about refugees , ” Eid said , “ if you really care about helping us , please help us stay in our country. ” His country . Not America . Not Germany . Not Sweden .
Leftwing globalists wrongly assume their open-mindedness , worldview , inclusiveness , and commitment to unity guarantees everyone a happily-ever-after ending . Frankly , their ideology might make them feel good , but it 's killing the rest of us .
An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week , and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago . Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE , Pa. -- Nurses at Wilkes-Barre General Hospital say they plan to walk off the job Thursday if the hospital does not address staffing and patient care issues .
The nurse 's union says Community Health Systems , the hospital 's owner , is short staffed by more than 100 full-time positions and had more than 900 unfilled shift openings in the emergency room during a recent six-week period .
BERLIN — Scientists say they 're several steps closer to perfecting a method that could prevent the extinction of northern white rhinos , of which only two animals are known still to be alive .
According to a paper published Wednesday in the journal Nature Communications , researchers have succeeded in creating embryos using frozen northern white rhino sperm and eggs from a southern white rhino , a closely related subspecies .
It 's the first time such hybrid embryos have been created and the scientists from Germany , Italy and the Czech Republic say it could provide a pathway to saving the critically endangered northern white rhino after the last male , called Sudan , died in March .
They plan to harvest the egg cells of the two surviving female rhinos soon and use preserved sperm to produce `` pure '' northern white rhino embryos . Since the females , a mother and daughter called Najin and Fatu , are unable to bear offspring themselves , the embryos would be implanted in a southern white rhino surrogate .
In order to increase the supply of eggs and preserve the northern white rhino 's genetic diversity , scientists are also working on a second method that would coax frozen skin cells from deceased animals into becoming egg cells , a procedure that has already succeeded in mice .
Thomas Hildebrandt , of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin , said researchers hope the first northern white rhino calf will be born in about three years .
`` We are quite confident with the technology we have developed , '' he said during a telephone conference with reporters detailing the research .
Saving the northern white rhino has become an international effort , with cooperation but also some rivalry among scientists and institutions around the world , including zoos in San Diego and Cincinnati .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Some experts have criticized the effort however , saying it comes too late .
`` I have no doubt that its purely scientific merit is laudable and it might have some application to endangered species conservation in the future , '' said Richard Kock , a conservationist at Britain 's Royal Veterinary College who has worked extensively in Africa . `` But I am afraid it is very much Nero fiddling after Rome is burning with respect to [ northern ] white rhino . ''
Kock and fellow conservationists warned against focusing only on the northern white rhino subspecies , noting that its southern cousin has come back from the brink of extinction and now numbers some 21,000 .
Instead , they suggested , work should focus on saving other endangered rhino species that can still be found in the wild .
`` Assisted reproductive technologies are very expensive and their success is far from guaranteed . Meanwhile , we do n't have enough funding to conserve the other four rhino species , all of which are more threatened with extinction than the white rhino , '' said Bob Smith , director of the Durrell Institute of Conservation and Ecology at the University of Kent , England .
Hildebrandt insisted the effort is worthwhile . `` The northern white rhino did n't fail in evolution , '' he said . `` It failed because it 's not bulletproof . It was slaughtered by criminals which went for the horn because the horn costs more than gold . ''
Northern white rhinos were once abundant across Central and East Africa , but conflicts and poaching wiped them from their natural habitat .
The rhino 's disappearance has left a void in the region 's ecosystem that could have significant impacts in the future , Hildebrandt said . `` We have the tools in our hands to correct that . ''
Cesare Galli , whose Italy-based company , Avantea , has lengthy experience with the artificial reproduction of horses , said recent advances in stem cell technology could help the rhino preservation effort . The team is hoping that within a decade , scientists will be able to produce new rhino eggs from frozen skin cells
Jan Stejskal , a spokesman for Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic , which has a long history of rhino conservation , said scientists hope to travel to Kenya before the end of the year . They are still waiting for permission from Kenyan authorities to perform the delicate procedure of removing egg cells from Najin and Fatu .
While the scientists are confident about being able to harvest eggs from the two females , questions remain over the risk to the rare animals ' health .
`` We as scientists are highly afraid that something unexpected happens during that procedure , '' said Hildebrandt . `` That would be a nightmare . ''
Though fans of the hit show This Is Us thoroughly enjoyed seeing Milo Ventimiglia strip down for the pilot episode , it 's time his costar Justin Hartley got in on the action .
Here are 5 really sexy reasons why Kevin Pearson ( Harley 's character ) deserves a nude scene next .
1 . We 've already seen him shirtless as “ The Manny ” — so close !
2 . Hartley had no problem stripping down as Oliver Queen in the CW 's Smallville . Sadly , it was n't on This Is Us .
3 . He also went shirtless during his time on the soap opera The Young and the Restless .
4 . Justin did bare it all on ABC 's show the Mistresses — again , not on This Is Us !
5 . Lastly , Hartley stripped down for charity during his appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show .
From Coinage : 4 Ways to Work Out Without Killing Your Wallet
Even Hartley , 40 , himself has expressed his desire to take it all off on screen previously telling the ladies of The Talk that he 's a little disappointed that the opportunity has n't come his way yet .
“ You know , the thing about it is — no , I 'm a little upset about it , ” he said of not having a nude scene yet . “ I mean , what does that say ? Am I losing it ? ”
President Donald Trump said he was “ disappointed ” after K.T . McFarland decided to withdraw from her nomination as Ambassador of Singapore .
“ K.T . served my Administration with distinction , ” Trump wrote in a statement . “ Unfortunately , some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post . ”
McFarland , a Fox News analyst , was first brought into the administration to serve Trump on the National Security Council before she was pressured out by Gen. H.R . McMaster , who replaced National Security Adviser Michael Flynn at the White House .
Trump then nominated her to serve as Ambassador of Singapore , but Senate Democrats froze her confirmation hearings in response to the Russia investigation .
Democrats demanded answers from McFarland about knowledge of conversations with Flynn and former Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak .
Trump hailed her experience as a commentator on foreign policy in his statement .
“ I wish K.T . the best as she uses her considerable wisdom and skill as a commentator to explain to the American people how to make American foreign policy great again , ” he said .
Coming up today on Crosscurrents : Members of the San Quentin Creative Writing Class present the stories they have been writing to fellow inmates and guests at a live event inside the prison .
Tune into 91.7 FM at 5:00 P.M . Audio will be uploaded after the show .
Submitted by chucky on Wed , 06/14/2017 - 12:33 .
( by IAAF ) - Will the Bislett Stadium witness its first 2.40m high jump ? Can home athletes Jakob Ingebrigtsen and Karsten Warholm make the most of the events showcasing their rising talents ? Will Olympic 800m champion Caster Semenya maintain her now customary dominance over two laps ? All will become clear at the Oslo Bislett Games on Thursday ( 15 ) , the fifth IAAF Diamond League meeting of the season .
It is no secret that meeting organiser Steinar Hoen , Norway 's 1994 European indoor high jump champion , longs to see the world record of 2.45m that has stood to Javier Sotomayor since 1993 broken in his home stadium .
Two years ago Hoen , who won the Bislett meeting in 1994 with a clearance of 2.35m , reorganised the set-up on the infield to give a stellar high jump field the best opportunity of attacking the Cuban 's longstanding record , but chilly weather frustrated that ambition .
On Thursday evening , for the first time this season , the Olympic gold , silver and bronze medallists – respectively Derek Drouin of Canada , Mutaz Essa Barshim of Qatar and Ukraine 's Bogdan Bondarenko – will compete together , with Hoen hoping they will strike sparks off each other and manage , at the least , to break Sotomayor 's 28-year-old stadium record of 2.37m .
There is no question that the talent assembled is up to the task ; four of the field have cleared 2.40m . While Drouin has only reached that altitude once , 2013 world champion Bondarenko has managed 2.40m or higher six times , and Barshim , second on the world all-time list with a clearance of 2.43m , has managed it seven times . Bondarenko 's compatriot Andriy Protsenko has also achieved that landmark 2.40m height .
Also included in a field stacked with talent are the Chinese jumper whose exuberant post-victory celebrations lit up that dank evening two years ago , Zhang Guowei , plus Britain 's 2012 European champion Robbie Grabarz and last season 's surprise package , Madjd Ghazal of Syria , who cleared 2.36m last year .
Sadly for the home fans there is no latter-day Hoen on whom to focus as these high-fliers set about their task – but there are other points of interest that have been set up enterprisingly by the organisers .
In a break from tradition , the trademark Oslo Dream Mile – that has over the years produced world records and illustrious winners such as Steve Ovett , John Walker , Said Aouita , Steve Cram , Seb Coe and Hicham El Guerrouj – has been transformed for the first time this year into the Dream U20 mile .
The clear intention is to throw the spotlight on Norway 's prodigious rising talent Jakob Ingebrigtsen , who , at 16 , became the youngest runner to break four minutes for the mile as he clocked 3:58.07 – in his first race at the distance – at last month 's IAAF Diamond League meeting in Eugene .
“ I believe I can run even faster , ” the 16-year-old told reporters here today as he sat alongside one of his two elder brothers , 24-year-old Filip , who last year won the European 1500m title that 26-year-old elder brother Henrik won in 2012 .
“ I 've been doing very well lately and I can run maybe even faster . ”
Filip , meanwhile , is preparing for a concluding 1500m race that contains the kind of names that usually contest the concluding Dream Mile – including the Kenyans Silas Kiplagat and Elijah Manongoi , with respective personal bests of 3:27.64 and 3:29.67 . Also in the hunt will be Ayanleh Souleiman of Djibouti , who has the best of 3:29.58 , Abdalaati Iguider of Morocco ( 3:28.79 ) , Marcin Lewandowski of Poland and the Czech Republic 's Jakub Holusa .
There will be a strong home focus too on the men 's 400m hurdles , where 21-year-old Karsten Warholm , a former decathlete who has been making big strides recently in the 400m hurdles , setting national records at the European Championships and the Rio Olympics , where he ran the best of 48.49 in the heats before going out in the semifinal .
Warholm recently opened his outdoor campaign with a huge national record of 44.87 in the 400m flat . His growing hurdling credentials will be put to a severe test , however , as he is the slowest in a field that includes the 31-year-old US Olympic champion Kerron Clement , whose best , admittedly from 2005 , is 47.24 . But Karsten 's winter form – a 45.96 indoor 400m , plus a world indoor 300m hurdles best of 34.92 – promises well .
If Warholm was looking for inspiration as a combined-eventer-turned-specialist athlete , he needs look no further than one of the marquee names of Thursday 's programme , the former heptathlete and now world 200m champion Dafne Schippers of the Netherlands .
Schippers , who took Olympic 200m silver behind Jamaica 's Elaine Thompson last summer , will take on a field where the main opposition looks like coming from the Ivory Coast 's 2013 world 100m and 200m silver medallist Murielle Ahoure .
Schippers will be running on her 25th birthday ; an ideal present would be an improvement on her early season 's best of 22.29 .
If Semenya does win again over two laps , the victory will not come cheaply as the field also includes the women who chased her home in Rio last summer – silver medallist Francine Niyonsaba of Burundi , and Margaret Wambui of Kenya .
Canada 's Olympic 200m silver medallist and 100m bronze medallist Andre De Grasse will be seeking a repeat of his 100m victory in Oslo last year , but he will face strong opposition in the form of France 's Jimmy Vicaut , who has clocked 9.97 this year , and Britain 's Chijindu Ujah , who won this month 's 100m at the IAAF Diamond League meeting in Rome in 10.02 and looks ready to dip below 10 seconds .
Two of the Borlee brothers from Belgium , Kevin and Jonathan , will feature in what looks set to be a competitive and open 400m , with other contenders including world and European indoor champion Pavel Maslak of the Czech Republic , Britain 's Matthew Hudson-Smith and talented African runners Baboloki Thebe of Botswana , who has run 44.89 this year , and South Africa 's Pieter Conradie .
Brothers Robert and Christoph Harting , Olympic discus champions in 2012 and 2016 respectively , will help make up a strong field that includes Poland 's world champion Piotr Malachowski .
The women 's discus will be similarly competitive as Croatia 's Olympic champion Sandra Perkovic , who has taken an early IAAF Diamond League lead in the road to the final , will face a field which includes Cuba 's world champion Denia Caballero .
Another Olympic champion , long jumper Tianna Bartoletta of the United States , faces a similarly testing time against a field that includes the British trio of Lorraine Ugen , Jazmin Sawyers and Shara Proctor .
New Zealand 's Olympic bronze medallist Eliza McCartney will be favourite to win the women 's pole vault , while the 100m hurdles looks a close call between USA 's Olympic bronze medallist Kristi Castlin , world bronze medallist Alina Talay of Belarus , and Britain 's 2014 European champion Tiffany Porter .
Meanwhile there will be more rising home hopes on behalf of Karoline Bjerkeli Grovdal , seventh in the Olympic 3000m steeplechase final last year , against a tough field which includes Sofia Assefa of Ethiopia , the 2012 Olympic silver medallist .
Mike Rowbottom for the IAAF
NIH holds a General meeting on May 8 , 2018 ( KSE )
NIH holds a General meeting on May 8 , 2018 ( KSE )
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
Leading Rushers
Through games of Dec. 09
G Car RuYD Tds Yds Pg Penny , SDSt 12 275 2,027 19 168.9 Love , Stan . 12 237 1,973 17 164.4 Taylor , Wis . 13 273 1,847 13 142.1 Singletar , Fla.At 13 275 1,796 29 138.2 Brewer , Tulsa 11 288 1,517 9 137.9 Tate , Ariz 10 133 1,353 12 135.3 Bradshaw , Army 12 210 1,566 12 130.5 Saint Jus , Hawaii 12 282 1,510 7 125.8 Jones , So.Cal 12 242 1,486 18 123.8 Freeman , Oregon 12 244 1,475 16 122.9 Lindsay , Colo 12 301 1,474 14 122.8 Abey , Navy 11 280 1,325 14 120.5 Jackson , L'vill 12 208 1,443 17 120.3 Johnson , Auburn 11 263 1,320 17 120.0 Dillon , BC 12 268 1,432 13 119.3 Adams , NDame 12 191 1,386 9 115.5 Dawkins , ColoSt 12 216 1,349 8 112.4 Hill , OklaSt 12 245 1,347 14 112.3 Thomas , UNLV 12 211 1,336 17 111.3 Wilson , N.Tex 11 188 1,215 16 110.5 Smith , S.Miss 12 232 1,321 13 110.1 Swanson , Toledo 12 231 1,319 14 109.9 Snell , Ky 12 256 1,318 18 109.8 Brown , UAB 12 237 1,292 10 107.7 Gaskin , Wash . 12 208 1,282 19 106.8 Dobbins , OhioSt 13 181 1,364 7 104.9 Guice , LSU 11 216 1,153 11 104.8 Marshall , GaTech 11 247 1,146 17 104.2 Laird , Cal 11 191 1,127 8 102.5 Franklin , W.Mich 12 235 1,228 11 102.3 Perry , Navy 11 122 1,068 9 97.1 Henderson , Memphs 12 130 1,154 9 96.2 Jackson , NW'ern 12 255 1,154 9 96.2 Benson , GaTech 11 204 1,053 6 95.7 Barkley , PennSt 12 199 1,134 16 94.5 Moore , App.St 10 161 912 9 91.2 Montgomer , IowaSt 12 234 1,094 11 91.2 Hilliard , Tulane 12 210 1,091 12 90.9 Chubb , Ga . 13 191 1,175 13 90.4 Richard , ArizSt 11 185 977 12 88.8 Crawford , W.Va . 12 190 1,061 7 88.4 Flowers , So.Fla 11 182 972 10 88.4 Hines , N.C.St 12 181 1,040 9 86.7 Duckworth , Idaho 12 193 1,025 4 85.4 Moss , Utah 12 194 1,023 9 85.3 Wadley , Iowa 12 230 1,021 9 85.1 Jones , SMU 12 170 1,019 9 84.9 Williams , MissSt 12 224 1,019 5 84.9 Huntley , BallSt 12 210 1,013 3 84.4 Wilkins , Miss . 12 155 1,011 9 84.3 Witter , Mo . 12 171 992 5 82.7 Mattison , Boise 13 209 1,074 12 82.6 Ward , CMich 12 167 988 9 82.3 Huff , NIU 9 127 740 4 82.2 Worthman , AFA 10 217 821 13 82.1 Fitzgeral , MissSt 12 162 984 14 82.0 Young , UMass 12 182 982 9 81.8 Ouellette , Ohio 12 184 980 7 81.7 Smith , Minn . 12 229 977 3 81.4 Woolfolk , Army 9 136 725 12 80.6 Tice , So.Fla 11 162 878 11 79.8 Michel , Ga . 12 131 948 13 79.0 Scott , LaTech 12 163 937 8 78.1 Rogers , UNLV 10 146 780 8 78.0 Akers , Fla.St 12 181 930 7 77.5 Higdon , Mich . 12 147 929 11 77.4 Chunn , Troy 10 154 774 10 77.4 Anderson , TCU 10 128 768 8 76.8 Brooks , Tulsa 9 119 687 10 76.3 Harris , Ala 12 110 906 11 75.5 Homer , MiaFla 12 151 902 7 75.2 Wand , Ark.St 9 125 669 6 74.3 Ragas , La.Laf 11 142 813 9 73.9 Anderson , Okla . 13 162 960 11 73.8 Nall , Ore.St 11 165 810 8 73.6 Rourke , Ohio 12 134 882 21 73.5 Rose III , N.M.St 11 171 807 9 73.4 Johnson , Md . 12 137 875 5 72.9 Taylor , Memphs 11 140 798 13 72.5 Scott , MichSt 11 183 788 6 71.6 King , Marsh 10 152 714 6 71.4 Moore , Nevada 12 164 855 4 71.3 Young , Mia.Oh 11 145 781 6 71.0 Kelly , Tenn . 11 189 778 9 70.7 Reed , Bufalo 12 199 840 9 70.0 Wimbush , NDame 11 137 765 14 69.5 Stockton , TxTech 10 114 694 4 69.4 Webb , Vandy 12 192 831 10 69.3 Cox , ODU 9 147 621 4 69.0 Taylor , Ariz 12 136 828 5 69.0 Patrick , Fla.St 10 118 687 6 68.7 Johnson , So.Fla 11 177 745 7 67.7 Fields , Ga.So . 12 173 811 5 67.6 Eriksen , E.Mich 12 179 805 8 67.1 Williams , TexA & M 11 166 733 7 66.6 Ellis , Va . 12 204 799 6 66.6 Lemay , Chrlot 11 137 732 2 66.5 Dungey , Syr . 9 143 595 9 66.1 Cleveland , BGreen 12 147 793 4 66.1 Smith , Mia.Oh 10 144 660 2 66.0
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
SILVER SPRING , Md . ( AP ) — Metro 's largest union and Congressman Jamie Raskin are giving away $ 10 Metro cards to riders .
Raskin will join Metro workers Tuesday morning to give away 1,000 SmarTrip cards at the Silver Spring Metro station . It 's the first in a series of SmarTrip card giveaways being sponsored by the union . The union said in a statement that the giveaway is intended to thank riders for using Metro and encourage them to continue to ride the system .
The giveaway is scheduled to begin at 7:30 a.m .
The union represents more than 9,000 Metro employees .
As he posed for photos with military commanders and their families before a dinner at the White House on Thursday , President Trump made a head-scratching remark that was equal parts confusing and ominous .
`` You guys know what this represents ? Maybe it 's the calm before the storm , '' he said . Reporters instantly started shouting questions , primarily , `` What storm ? '' Trump replied by repeating his earlier comment : `` It could be , the calm , the calm before the storm . '' Again , reporters asked him what he meant , and if the storm had anything to do with Iran or ISIS , and again , Trump did not answer . Instead , he said `` the world 's greatest military people '' were in the room , and they were going to enjoy their evening . While Trump never revealed what storm might be coming or why he thinks anything related to his tumultuous presidency could be described as `` calm , '' he did finally tell reporters that `` you 'll find out '' one day what he 's talking about .
BENI , Congo ( AP ) — The United Nations Deputy Special Representative for Congo says military offenses will be launched against rebels who killed at least 15 Tanzanian U.N. peacekeepers last week in eastern Congo .
In a memorial ceremony Monday David Gressly said those who staged the assault , which wounded 50 others , will pay for their actions . The Dec. 7 attack about 45 kilometers ( 28 miles ) from Beni was the deadliest single attack on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in nearly 25 years .
At least five Congolese soldiers also were killed in the attack . The peacekeeping base has been repeatedly attacked by rebels from the Allied Democratic Forces group .
Tanzania 's ambassador in Congo Paul Ignace Mella called on the U.N. to protect its peacekeeping soldiers . The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo is the largest in the world .
Photo : Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Halsey is a survivor .
Related : G-Eazy & Halsey are Ride-or-Die on ‘ Him & I '
That 's the theme of the pop star 's latest music video , “ Sorry . ”
The clip features a bloodied Halsey stumbling through a post-apocalyptic city street littered with bodies and crashed vehicles after what looks like a multi-car collision .
The clip was co-directed by Halsey and Sing J Lee .
“ Sorry ” is the latest track from Halsey 's most recent full-length , Hopeless Fountain Kingdom .
Watch the video below :
DANVILLE , Va . - People in Danville have been voicing their concerns and complaints about their utility bills , and Monday Danville Utilities responded to their questions .
Nineteen answers were posted Monday to questions asked by the community . Here are some of those questions and answers .
How can the low income , fixed income and elderly afford to pay a higher utility bill just because the city purchased electric that was way out of range for this area ?
The average residential City of Danville customer ( 1,000 kWh ) pays $ 18.52 more per month for power than the average for customers of Appalachian Power , Martinsville , Dominion and Mecklenburg . Several years ago , the City of Danville made a decision to purchase power and participate in generation projects that officials , at that time , believed would be in the best interests of its customers . The City is taking steps to bring the average costs for power in line with nearby utilities , but this process will take time . There are programs established through Social Services to assist eligible low-income parents , elderly and disabled ratepayers .
A petition that went live almost a month ago now has over 6,000 signatures requesting an investigation into the power rates .
Why does the customer have to pay $ 50 for the city to come out and check the meter when the meters belong to the city ?
A fee of $ 60 is charged to customers requesting a field investigation of an electric meter . The fee represents the cost to dispatch field personnel to a customer location . If a technician determines that the meter is faulty , the fee is waived
The conversation on utility bills will continue with another meeting on March 26 at 4 p.m. with the Danville Utility Commission.The full list of questions and answers can be found here .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
* Force deny report they will be axed from competition
* ARU say no decision made ( Adds ARU statement )
SYDNEY , March 28 The Australian Rugby Union has moved to refute a media report that alleged Perth-based Western Force would be cut from the embattled Super Rugby competition .
Australia 's News Ltd reported late on Monday that the Force would be one of the teams cut from the 18-team tournament , prompting the franchise to release a statement declaring it as purely speculation .
The ARU also said no decision had been made on cutting any of Australia 's five sides from the sprawling competition which also includes teams from New Zealand , South Africa , Japan and Argentina .
`` At this point , there has been no determination on the future competition format or the teams involved in the competition , '' the ARU said in a statement .
`` We also wish to confirm for the public record that no decision has been taken on the removal of one of Australia 's Super Rugby teams . ''
The ARU is a joint venture partner in the tournament 's governing body SANZAAR along with the rugby unions from New Zealand , South Africa and Argentina .
The ARU has declined to express any support for Australia to keep five teams in the tournament since a SANZAAR meeting in London earlier this month , fuelling speculation at least one team will be cut .
Media reports in Australia and South Africa have alleged that the competition will be cut back to 15 teams next year after last year 's expansion to 18 teams was widely blamed for creating inequity in the playoffs and diluting the quality of the rugby .
The Force earlier issued a strongly worded statement rejecting the News Ltd media report .
`` Under no circumstances do we believe ... speculation around the future of the Western Force to be true , '' the team said .
`` Two and a half weeks ago , through a national phone link-up , all clubs were told that the ARU ( Australian Rugby Union ) through the governing body , SANZAAR , was investigating a number of issues and those issues had to be resolved prior to a decision being made to reduce any of the Australian franchises .
`` There has been no further contact from the Australian Rugby Union to any of the Western Force players or staff , so at this time there is no further comment on the matter until substantiated facts are put forward . ''
Founded as an expansion team in 2006 , the Force have struggled to gain a foothold on and off the pitch in a part of Australia far removed from rugby union 's eastern heartland .
The ARU had to bail the franchise out last year to the tune of A $ 3 million and last week the team launched a A $ 10 million ( $ 7.62 million ) fundraising drive to save it from possibly being cut ..
The Force have managed a winning record in just two of their 12 seasons and have won only one of their four games this year .
They face the Auckland Blues at Eden Park on Saturday .
( $ 1 = 1.3132 Australian dollars ) ( Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington and Ian Ransom in Melbourne ; Editing by Ken Ferris/Greg Stutchbury )
SEATTLE ( AP ) — Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz provided an early cushion , and Ariel Miranda made the most of it .
Cano and Cruz hit consecutive first-inning homers , Miranda pitched seven scoreless innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Miami Marlins 6-1 Monday night in Ichiro Suzuki 's first visit to Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club .
Miranda ( 1-1 ) allowed four singles and only one runner to reach second base while striking out five . Nick Vincent pitched a perfect eighth before Evan Scribner allowed Christian Yelich 's third home run in the ninth .
“ Great outing by Ariel tonight , ” Mariners manager Scott Servais said . “ He pitched much different tonight than last time out . Last time out , I think he threw a lot of offspeed pitches . Tonight he was very aggressive with his fastball . Great to see him really in control of the game all night . ”
Advertisement
The Mariners won their fourth straight since a 2-8 start .
Cano crushed a 2-1 pitch from Tom Koehler ( 0-1 ) 441 feet to right-center for his second home run , a two-run shot that scored Jarrod Dyson . Cruz followed with his second homer , lining a 1-1 pitch to center to make it 3-0 .
“ Obviously coming out , great to see those guys kind of pick it up and get it going , ” Servais said . “ That 's what drives the train is the middle of our lineup . And , hopefully get in a nice , consistent rhythm . ”
Suzuki was honored before the game for getting his 3,000th hit last season , then got another ovation before his first at-bat in the third inning .
Suzuki won two batting titles in his 11 1/2 seasons with the Mariners and set the season record with 262 hits in a 2004 . He grounded out three times Monday , though , and his average dipped to .067 ( 1 for 15 ) . Suzuki last played at Safeco on June 12 , 2014 , when he was with the New York Yankees .
The Mariners added two runs in the fourth . Leonys Martin singled , stole second and then advanced to third on an errant pick-off attempt by Koehler . Dyson 's one-out looping double over third scored Martin . Dyson advanced to third on Mitch Haniger 's ground out and came home on Cano 's double off the wall in left-center .
“ I just could n't really get that last out in the fourth fast enough before they scored those two more , ” said Koehler , who allowed five runs and seven hits with three walks in four innings .
Taylor Motter 's third home run , a one-out-shot into the second deck in left in the sixth , pushed the lead to 6-0 .
Motter , filling in for injured shortstop Jean Segura , is hitting .409 with four doubles , three homers and six RBIs in his last six games .
Miranda allowed a pair of two-out singles in the sixth but retired Yelich on an inning-ending fly out to right .
HOT HANIGER
Haniger extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a third-inning single . He is batting .348 with two doubles , four homers and 11 RBI over that span .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Marlins : Martin Prado , who began the season on the DL ( strained right hamstring ) , was recalled and in the lineup at 3B , batting second . Prado was 1 for 3 before coming out in the seventh inning . To make room , 1B Tyler Moore was designated for assignment .
Mariners : Servais hopes Segura ( strained right hamstring ) is ready to come off the 10-day DL at Oakland on Thursday . Segura did some light baserunning Monday . “ Everything is leaning toward he 'll be available when we go over to Oakland. ” … RHP Steve Cishek ( recovering from hip surgery ) threw an 18-pitch scoreless inning in his first rehab appearance for Double-A Arkansas .
UP NEXT
Marlins : Left-hander Wei-Yin Chen ( 1-0 , 7.00 ) has allowed seven runs over nine innings in his two starts . He lasted just three innings in his last outing , allowing six runs and seven hits , including two homers , but did not get a decision .
Mariners : Right-hander Yovani Gallardo ( 0-1 , 6.30 ) makes his third start and has gone five innings each in his previous two . The last time out , he failed to protect a 5-0 lead , although he did not get the loss . Gallardo is 5-1 with a 1.90 ERA in eight career starts against Miami .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The United States remained a top export destination for Pakistani products during the fiscal year 2015 while China was the top import destination from where goods were traded into the country .
Out of the total $ 22.09 billion exports , the Pakistani exports to the US stood at $ 3.66 billion during FY-2015 followed by China wherein Pakistani products worth $ 1.93 were dispatched during the year , according to Pakistan Business Council ( PBC ) report .
Top ten destinations of Pakistani exports during FY2015
United States ( $ 3.66bn )
China ( $ 1.93bn )
Afghanistan ( $ 1.72bn )
United Kingdom ( $ 1.57bn )
Germany ( $ 1.15bn )
United Arab Emirates ( $ 0.90bn )
Spain ( $ 0.78bn )
Bangladesh ( $ 0.70bn )
Netherlands ( $ 0.67bn )
Italy ( $ 0.62bn )
Top ten sources of imports for Pakistan during FY2015
China ( $ 11.02bn )
United Arab Emirates ( $ 5.73bn )
Saudi Arabia ( $ 3.01bn )
Indonesia ( $ 2.04bn )
United States of America ( $ 1.92bn )
Japan ( $ 1.73bn )
Kuwait ( $ 1.71bn )
India ( $ 1.67bn )
Germany ( $ 0.97bn )
Malaysia ( $ 0.91bn )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump decried the shooting of a top House Republican on Wednesday as a “ very , very brutal assault ” and called for all Americans to set aside differences and pray for the recovery of the victims .
Trump said that “ many lives would have been lost without the heroic action ” of the Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman .
“ We may have our differences but we do well in times like these in times like these that everyone who serves in our nation 's capital is here because above all they love our country , ” said Trump , speaking from the White House 's Diplomatic Room . “ We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace and that we are strongest when we are unified . ”
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot by a rifle-wielding gunman Wednesday morning at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia , just outside of Washington . Officials said several other people , including members of Scalise 's security team , were also wounded .
Advertisement
A government official identified the shooter as an Illinois man named James . T. Hodgkinson . The official was not authorized to discuss an investigation by name and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Trump praised Scalise as “ a very good friend ” and “ a patriot , ” telling him that “ you have not just the prayers of the entire city behind you , but the entire nation and frankly the entire world . ”
He repeatedly praised the Capitol Police officers and first responders who quickly mobilized to the softball field where the Republican baseball team was practicing ahead of Thursday night 's charity game against a Democratic team .
“ Our brave Capitol police perform a challenging job with incredible skill , ” Trump said . Their sacrifice makes democracy possible . ”
The brief address was a significant moment for Trump .
It was the first time that he assumed the presidential responsibility of addressing the nation after a shooting .
In a break from many of President Barack Obama 's speeches after a shooting , Trump made no mention of gun regulations .
The White House said Trump and Vice President Mike Pence were both notified of the shooting in Alexandria . The president has spoken to Scalise 's wife and chief of staff , as well as House Speaker Paul Ryan , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the chief of the Capitol Police .
__
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/ @ JonLemire
Floral tributes have been left at the scene where a teenager fell to her death from a multi-storey car park .
The 19-year-old , named locally as Murron McDermid , died in the early hours of Saturday after the incident on Longsmith Street .
Since hearing the news , people have headed there to pay their respects and bunches of flowers have been laid against the car park wall .
One card , from Julie and Ellie , read : `` To Murron , to a beautiful lady . We will miss you my dear . ''
Another message simply read : `` Gon na miss u Murron . ''
The young artist exhibited her paintings at the city 's hub Jolt in King 's Square , where staff remember her fondly .
Jason Smith , chief executive of Marketing Gloucester which runs it , called her a “ sweet ” girl .
“ This was a complete shock to us , ” he said .
“ She was such a character , full of energy . This will be a shock for the arts community in Gloucester .
“ She was a lovely girl , with a lot of enthusiasm . She was one of those who would always come over and say hello . ”
Police said the death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious and her next of kin have been informed .
It is understood she is a former pupil of Chosen Hill School in Churchdown , The Crypt School in Gloucester and SGS College in Stroud . She had been working at The Grape Tree in Gloucester .
President Donald Trump 's lawyers have provided special counsel Robert Mueller 's office with what the Washington Post described Monday as “ written descriptions that chronicle key moments under investigation . ”
The information , the Post reported Monday , constitutes an attempt to limit any potential interview between the President and special counsel Robert Mueller . The paper cited two unnamed people familiar with the situation .
The lawyers have provided summaries , the Post reported , of internal White House memos and “ contemporaneous correspondence about events Mueller is investigating. ” The materials do n't include Trump 's personal versions of events , the paper reported .
Mueller 's investigators , the two sources said , have told the President 's legal team that their questions about Trump can be sorted into “ What did he do ? ” and “ What was he thinking when he did it ? ”
For weeks , according to various outlets , Trump 's legal team has discussed strategies for a potential interview between Trump and Mueller . The Post reported Monday that , according to one unnamed person , Trump has told aides he 's “ champing at the bit ” to speak with Mueller .
His lawyers are more cautious . The Post reported one unnamed adviser said Trump 's lawyers are in “ crunchtime ” ahead of a potential Mueller interview .
Mueller 's team is particularly focused on Trump 's firing of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and former FBI Director James Comey , the Post reported , citing unnamed people “ familiar with the inquiry . ”
Suspects target multiple storage units in Blue Mound
The Fort Worth Police Department is searching for two suspects , a white female and a white male , who targeted multiple storage units in the Blue Mound area of north Fort Worth since Nov. 14 .
The ophthalmology field requires medical devices for several functions such as diagnosis , vision care , and surgery . The development of innovative devices and increasing application of technology in ophthalmology has paved way for consumers to have practical and economical solutions for various eye-related disorders such as vitreoretinal disorders , refractor disorders , and cataract . The most significant share of the global ophthalmic devices market is contributed by vision care devices . These devices include contact lens , spectacles , and lens cleaning and disinfecting solutions for eyewear as well as for surgical devices .
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=283
Several factors such as a rising geriatric population and increased focus on healthcare are driving the global market for ophthalmic devices , which was valued at US $ 12.92 bn in 2011 and is estimated to expand at a healthy CAGR of 5.10 % to reach a global valuation of US $ 18.28 bn by 2018 .
One of the primary factors for the upward trend in the ophthalmic devices market is the rising geriatric population . It is observed that the aged are more prone to developing eye-related disorders , such as glaucoma and dry eye , and are the target customers of ophthalmic device manufacturers . Moreover , several emerging economies in Asia Pacific are increasingly investing on healthcare infrastructure and promoting awareness about these common disorders which in turn is aiding the regional market for ophthalmic devices . The market growth is also boosted by continuous advancements in the field of medical technology to develop novel products that are more efficient and accurate .
One of the primary restraints in the growth of the global market for ophthalmic devices is high cost of some devices , particularly those that are exported . Additionally , the lack of skilled professionals , especially in the rural regions of emerging economies , is another prime concern for manufacturers .
Request for Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=283
Among North American countries in 2011 , the U.S. held the largest share in the market for ophthalmic devices across all segments , followed by the U.K. which lead the European region . These two western country markets are experiencing rigorous competition due to mushrooming local device manufacturers while prominent players with higher market penetration levels are focusing more on devices with diagnosis and surgery applications . The report provides the geographic analysis of all major countries including U.S , Canada , UK , Italy , Spain , Germany , France , Japan , China , India , Brazil , and Mexico .
Emerging economies such as China , India , Japan , Brazil , and Mexico are estimated to experience a higher growth rate than the global rate in the market for ophthalmic devices during the forecast period . This shift is a result of investments by many prominent manufacturers in these emerging markets to gain early momentum .
The global market for ophthalmic has also been analyzed on various parameters such as application , disorder , and device type . On basis of application : diagnosis , surgery , and vision care devices ; on the basis of disorder : cataract , glaucoma , refractor disorders , vitreo retinal disorders , and vision care . There are a variety of devices available in the market , including high-end to low-end devices such as phoropters , refractors , contact lenses , lens cleaning and disinfecting solutions , spectacles , scanning laser polarimetry devices , retinscopes , and ophthalmoscopes .
Request for Report TOC @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=283
Some of the most prominent players who are driving growth in the ophthalmic devices market include : Essilor International , Johnson & Johnson Vision Care Inc. , CIBA Vision Corporation , Solotica Lentes de Contato , Alcon Inc. , Bausch & Lomb Incorporated , Abbott Medical Optics Inc. , Cooper Vision Inc. , Carl Zeiss AG , and Hoya Corporation .
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . Our experienced team of Analysts , Researchers , and Consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information .
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts , so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With a broad research and analysis capability , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research ,
90 Sate Street , Suite 700 ,
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
A bond election is on the list of possibilities for Smith County commissioners examining financial options for implementing a $ 100 million , six-year comprehensive road and bridge plan , according to the commission 's meeting agenda .
The plan covers about 1,100 miles of roadway maintained by the county .
The court will meet in regular session at 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday before commissioners adjourn to executive session for a legal briefing , “ regarding possible November 7 , 2017 , Smith County Road Bond election , including but not limited to County Official 's ethical considerations and legal obligations , consequences and limitations of road bond election , ” the agenda states .
The court is scheduled to discuss and take possible action in open session following the closed-door briefing .
Residents will have a chance to speak later at 5:30 p.m. Tuesday , during the Road and Bridge Strategic Planning Public Input Meeting . The hearing is planned at the R.B . Hubbard Center on East Ferguson Road in Tyler .
Residents who have filled out a participation form will have the opportunity to address the court on agenda items , which includes the 2017-2018 county budget . Comments are limited to three minutes , per the court 's rules of decorum .
Related story : Smith County drafts $ 100 million plan for road construction
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
Mithaas 6217 Bethpage Rd , , Hicksville 516-605-1230 , mithaas.com COST : $ - $ $ SERVICE : Order at the counter , and food is brought to you by easygoing servers as it 's ready , which sometimes means lengthy gaps between dishes . AMBIENCE : Bright , tiled ( watch the floors — they 're slippery ) and bustling , with floor-to-ceiling windows for watching the tableaux outside Apna Bazar , the next-door neighbor ESSENTIALS : Open daily 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. ; major credit cards accepted ; wheelchair accessible ; plenty of parking in the somewhat chaotic lot
It 's fun to be Alice in Wonderland once in a while . That was how it felt to stand at the order counter of Mithaas in Hicksville for the first time , staring up at a lengthy menu chockablock with unfamiliar Indian dish names and not a single descriptor , a line building behind me .
I knew only two things going in : This was mostly street food and sweets ( mithaas means “ sweetness ” in Hindi ) , and it was all vegetarian . It 's worth working through that early sense of disorientation , though , for eating at Mithaas — the first Long Island location of a fast-casual Indian chain based in New Jersey — can be a playful romp through the crispiest , crunchiest and smokiest tart-sour-spicy-sweet snacks and breads you may never have tasted before . Since few of them cost more than $ 10 , misfires are n't painful , either .
Mithaas opened earlier this year in the Kundan Galleria , a bustling complex anchored by the Indian supermarket Apna Bazar . This sleek , light-filled cafe has floor-to-ceiling windows , heavy wood tables and a front counter featuring glass cases loaded with Indian sweets , some of them shimmering with edible foil . It feels like a slightly Indian take on an Italian pastry shop .
The eye-catching pastries belie the fact that Mithaas ' kitchen cooks up a deep well of vegetarian street snacks — chaat , puri , pakoras , dosas , flatbreads — delivered with an assortment of chutneys , dips and pickles . This is not a place to get a rounded meal , per se ; when restaurateur Kamal Arora opened the first Mithaas in 2006 , his vision was of a fast-food spot elegant enough to encourage lingering . Mithaas ' menu , created by chain head chef Surinder , mines multiple regions — north , south , Mumbai , the border with China ( for a raft of Indo-Manchurian dishes ) — but does n't stray from the street-food ethos , so a full feast could equal carb and fried-food overload . Best to order two things per person , at most , and share these — because dishes ordered at the counter are delivered to your table as they 're ready , meaning that 10 minutes might elapse between one and the next .
A solid place to start is with puri , crispy , hollow fried breads that look like miniature UFOs that are stuffed and slathered in multiple ways . A standout is the sev puri dahi puri , three to an order , filled with a spiced potato mash , slathered in yogurt and tamarind chutney , dotted with mint and pomegranate seeds and showered with the shredded chickpea threads called sev . Crunchy , squishy , sour , sweet , hot — it 's a circus in your mouth .
Save samosas for some other place ; Mithaas ' are dry and not memorable . Ditto for a promising-sounding dish called medu vada — cuminy , fried lentil-batter doughnuts — which were , alas dull and parched . I 'd go back again , though , for the dry-style Gobi Manchurian , a heap of hot , crisp fried cauliflower stained coral with capsicum but whose smoldering heat is modulated by a vein of sweetness . It could make you forget you ever wanted meat .
Lentils make multiple appearances , from an amorphous aloo tikki chaat — a jumble of crumbled fried lentil patties with tomatoes , red onion , chutney , yogurt and sev — to dal makhani , a creamy lentil curry that comes with excellent charred naan .
Subscribe to the Feed Me newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Flatbread and crepes reign supreme here , from papery roti to dosas to pancake-like uttapam . The cheese uttapam is akin to an Indian quesadilla — melted mozzarella oozing from between sour rice-flour crepes you 'll drag through sambar , an earthy lentil curry that comes with many breads .
Dosa competition is stiff in Hicksville , and it just got stiffer , as Mithaas ' are dramatic affairs , whether a crisp onion masala dosa the shape and size of a folded flag and filled with turmeric-stained potatoes and red onions , or a gossamer onion rava masala dosa as big as your arm that collapses into glistening sheaths as you rip it apart . The coriander and minced onion barely visible in its folds offer mini punches of flavor .
I 'm happy to have made the acquaintance of mooli paratha , a peppery Punjabi flatbread with grated radishes inside , as well as Mithaas ' tandoori paneer tikka — triangles of sour , firm cheese slathered in a red chili sauce that arrives sizzling on a cast-iron platter atop shredded cabbage and onions . All of it , including the cheese , gains a deep char and addictive smokiness .
Pitchers of water sit on every table , but the citrusy masala soda makes a good foil for this spicy food , as does a refreshing green mango elixir called aam panna . For dessert , Mithaas makes a mean mango lassi — super-rich , and not too sweet — but there 's that glass case full of sweets . Ask for those buns filled with fresh cream , or honeyed gulab jamun — spongy cardamom-laced flour balls that are barely sweet , and that 's just sweet enough .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The NFL is checking whether concussion protocol was properly followed Sunday when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to briefly return to action after a disturbing hit in the end zone that left him with his hands quivering .
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players ' association “ together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed , but we 're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it . ”
Tom Savage hits head on ground , appears to have seizure while ref looks on , comes back in the game 5 minutes later . pic.twitter.com/gW9lYxDIwQ — TheRenderNFL ( @ TheRenderNFL ) December 10 , 2017
Lockhart said the discovery during this investigation of any possible improvements to the concussion protocol will be quickly implemented .
The NFL 's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston 's 26-16 loss to the 49ers . Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine the quarterback did , indeed , have a concussion and remove him from the game .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
A post shared by Sir Mo Farah ( @ gomofarah ) on Apr 22 , 2018 at 12:24pm PDT
There was an outpouring of emotion at this year 's ANZAC Day Haka and Corroboree for Life following the Dawn Service at Kings Park .
Yahoo Finance 's Alexis Christoforous and Jared Blikre break down the latest market action after Michael Kors reported first quarter earnings that beat Wall Street expectations on net income and revenue .
Performance of select industry groups as of 10:30 am ET :
~Specialty Apparel Stores ( 27 )
CHS Chico 's Fas -19.72 %
DSW DSW Inc -9.97 %
DEST Destination Maternity Corp -2.02 %
GES Guess ? Inc -1.87 %
SSI Stage Stores Inc -1.48 %
NWY ( HB ) New York & Compay Inc -1.40 %
CBK Christopher & Banks -0.91 %
BKE ( HB,1 ) The Buckle Inc -0.78 %
SMRT ( HB,0 ) Stein Mart -0.63 %
AEO American Eagle Outfitters Inc -0.55 %
FINL Finish Line ' A ' -0.15 %
URBN Urban Outfitters 0.10 %
ROST Ross Stores 0.17 %
PLCE Children 's Place Inc ( The ) 0.20 %
ANF Abercrombie & Fitch Co ' A ' 0.28 %
FL Foot Locker 0.45 %
GPS Gap Inc 0.46 %
JWN Nordstrom Inc 0.96 %
TLRD Tailored Brands Inc 1.12 %
GCO Genesco Inc 1.14 %
ZUMZ ( 1 ) Zumiez Inc 1.21 %
CATO ( 0 ) Cato Corp 1.32 %
SCVL ( 0 ) Shoe Carnival 1.50 %
LB L Brands Inc 1.82 %
CTRN ( 0 ) Citi Trends Inc 2.04 %
ASNA As
Infrastructure Minister Stephenson King says the civil servant responsible for the latest leaking of government documents will be taken to task .
Last Thursday , talk show host and former government Minister Richard Frederick made public some 30 letters , indicating the approval of Direct Awards for various services and procurement of goods .
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates ( AP ) — An unarmed Iranian drone shadowed a U.S. aircraft carrier at night and came close enough to F-18 fighter jets to put the lives of American pilots at risk , the Navy said Tuesday , reporting the second such tense encounter within a week . Iran 's Revolutionary Guard said the U.S. safety concerns were unfounded .
The Iranian Sadegh drone flew without any warning lights Sunday night while shadowing the USS Nimitz , said Lt. Ian McConnaughey , a spokesman for the Bahrain-based 5th Fleet .
The drone did not respond to repeated radio calls and came within 1,000 feet ( 300 meters ) of U.S. fighters , he said .
That “ created a dangerous situation with the potential for collision and is not in keeping with international maritime customs and laws , ” McConnaughey said in a statement .
The drone was unarmed , the lieutenant said , though that model can carry missiles .
Iran 's Revolutionary Guard issued a statement early Tuesday saying their drones are guided “ accurately and professionally , ” dismissing the U.S. Navy 's concerns as “ unfounded . ”
In a similar encounter Aug. 8 , the Navy said an Iranian drone came within 100 feet ( 30 meters ) of an F-18 preparing to land on the Nimitz . Iranian vessels and U.S. warships have also had tense encounters in recent months .
President Donald Trump has threatened to renegotiate the nuclear deal struck by his predecessor amid new sanctions targeting Iran over its ballistic missile tests .
So far this year , the Navy has recorded 14 instances of what it describes as “ unsafe and/or unprofessional ” interactions with Iranians forces . It recorded 35 in 2016 and 23 in 2015 .
The incidents at sea almost always involved the Revolutionary Guard , a paramilitary force that reports only to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Some analysts believe the incidents are meant in part to squeeze moderate President Hassan Rouhani 's administration after the 2015 nuclear deal .
Of the incidents at sea last year , the worst involved Iranian forces capturing and holding overnight 10 U.S. sailors who strayed into the Islamic Republic 's territorial waters .
Iranian forces in turn accuse the U.S. Navy of unprofessional behavior , especially in the Strait of Hormuz , the mouth of the Persian Gulf , through which a third of all oil traded by sea passes .
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . His work can be found at http : //apne.ws/2galNpz .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange .
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $ 3,000 to $ 18,010 four hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange . The contract opened at $ 15,000 , according to data from the CBOE .
The CBOE futures do n't involve actual bitcoin . They 're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini , one of the larger bitcoin exchanges .
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website . “ Due to heavy traffic on our website , visitors to www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable , ” the exchange said in a statement . But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted .
Advertisement
Another large futures exchange , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges .
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $ 1,000 , hitting a peak of more than $ 16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk . As of 9:10 p.m. CST , it was at $ 16,405.76 on Coindesk .
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future , hence the name . Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat , soy , gold , oil , cocoa and , as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie “ Trading Places , ” concentrated frozen orange juice .
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces . The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin 's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which currently is very difficult to do .
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream . Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss , twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin , tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin , but federal regulators denied their application .
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air . Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses , including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase , are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so . Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures , or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased .
The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street . JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin “ a fraud. ” Thomas Peterffy , chairman of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group , expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month , saying “ there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies , and they may assume any price from one day to the next . ”
Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time , under the CBOE 's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 percent or 20 percent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months .
Bitcoin is the world 's most popular virtual currency . Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously . They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded .
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies . Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit , anonymous payments . Others say they can be helpful methods of payment , such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed .
___
Kelvin Chan in Hong Kong contributed to this report .
___
This report has been corrected to show the opening price of the bitcoin future contract was $ 15,000 .
Auckland : New Zealand 's cricketers are drawing inspiration from images of Richie McCaw leading the All Blacks to Rugby World Cup glory as they head into their first home day-night Test against England on Thursday .
Despite some injury concerns , New Zealand short-ball specialist Neil Wagner was focused on performing at the Eden Park fortress where the All Blacks are unbeaten in 40 rugby Tests dating back to 1994 .
England quick bowler Chris Broad , meanwhile , believed the first day-night cricket Test on New Zealand soil could be decided in `` one mad hour '' - less time than it takes for a rugby match .
England have selection issues as they ponder the workload Ben Stokes can handle with a troublesome back , while New Zealand are sweating on injured senior batsman Ross Taylor and have former Test opener Martin Guptill on stand-by as a middle order option .
Neil Wagner on playing his county teammates in this series and his recent form . # NZvENG pic.twitter.com/p2neYOAzuh — BLACKCAPS ( @ BLACKCAPS ) March 19 , 2018
The history of day-night Tests , using a pink ball , favours the home sides who have won seven of the eight matches played so far . Further troubling England is their recent Test form , having lost the Ashes 4-0 to Australia in December and January .
Eden Park 's short boundaries should favour batsmen , but that does n't worry Wagner who had match figures of 8/126 when New Zealand beat India at the ground in 2014 and took three wickets in a tense drawn Test against England the previous year .
`` I love playing at Eden Park , '' he said on Tuesday . `` A lot of guys find it funny , being a rugby field and with quite short dimensions .
'You get goosebumps '
`` But just the history of it , knowing Richie McCaw and those guys ran out there and won a ( rugby ) World Cup . It 's a pretty special place and when you walk out there you get goosebumps . ''
Wagner sees no problems with the pink ball , saying the same rules apply as when using a white or red ball . `` You 've got to make sure you put it in the right areas , '' he said .
But Broad , needing one more wicket to join teammate James Anderson as the only England players with 400 Test wickets , believes the pink ball has a life of its own in New Zealand .
After 75 overs during an acclimatisation hit out in Hamilton last weekend , the pink ball `` still had the writing on , which is unheard of , '' Broad said .
`` It consistently seems to do more and I ca n't put my finger on it at all ... I think it definitely does more in that twilight period over this part of the world than England .
`` The ( Eden Park ) drop-in pitch generally has been really good but with these pink-ball games , you only need a one mad hour and you can break the Test match open . ''
Broad is expected to drop down to first-change bowler for England , leaving Anderson and Chris Woakes to take the new ball , with a question mark over the remainder of the England bowling line-up .
Stokes suffered back stiffness after the ODI series earlier this month and if there is any doubt he can fill a full bowler 's role , then England could be tempted to drop a batsman , possibly James Vince , to bring in an extra pace bowler .
COLUMBUS , Ga — It 's something a person would never want to see after logging into the nation 's number one social media site .
Facebook was rocked Sunday after an Ohio man uploaded a video of himself randomly shooting an elderly pedestrian . The suspect Steve Stephens remains on the run .
Users across the internet say they are frightened , concerned , and even disturbed by what they saw in Stephens ' video .
Thomas Waynic is the CEO and Executive Director of the Pastoral Institute . He says monitoring what you view on social media is very important . He adds incidents like this could put people in a vulnerable place .
News 3 's Ken Martin asks Waynic how this could impact those who may have watched the deadly encounter on social media .
“ It can therefore disturb me internally have an affect on my sleep , have an affect on my sense of safety , have an affect on my overall general feeling about the world. ” Waynic says . “ We experience some kind of vicarious trauma to it and depending on our resilience level it can accumulate to a point where it begins to disturb us internally . ”
An investigation is underway following the deaths of three people , including a 3-year-old girl , in Douglas County .
According to a news release , the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office was called around 1:30 p.m. to a home in the 1000 block of East 900 Road , located southwest of Lawrence .
Deputies responded and found a 36-year-old woman in the driveway suffering from multiple gunshot wounds . She was pronounced dead at the scene .
Sgt . Kristen Channel says the victim was not affiliated with the residence in any way .
The victim 's vehicle was found in a parking area at the Baker Wetlands , just south of 31st and Haskell .
Deputies found the bodies of a 3-year-old girl and a 41-year-old man in the wetlands not far from the vehicle . Authorities have not determined their cause of death .
Their bodies were discovered nearly 10 miles northeast of where the female victim was found .
Channel says the male is suspected of fatally shooting the female victim .
Investigators also believe the 3-year-old girl is the victims ' daughter .
A man initially thought to be a person of interest in the fatal shooting was questioned and released Sunday evening following a standoff situation in Topeka .
The nearly hour-long standoff began when a Kansas Highway Patrol Trooper spotted a vehicle thought to be involved in the fatal shooting at an apartment near Washburn University .
KHP tweeted Sunday night that the man was not involved in the Douglas County incident .
Channel says the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office is not seeking any suspects in the deaths .
The investigation into the deaths is ongoing and no other information will be released at this time .
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Drexel-Robert Morris Box
ROBERT MORRIS 74 , DREXEL 60 DREXEL ( 5-5 )
A.Williams 3-5 0-0 6 , Doles 1-2 0-2 3 , Demir 4-9 1-1 9 , Lee 6-14 2-3 15 , Mojica 3-10 3-7 11 , Kararinas 0-2 0-0 0 , Myles 1-1 2-2 4 , Isabell 5-11 2-2 12 . Totals 23-54 10-17 60 .
ROBERT MORRIS ( 6-4 )
Petteway 1-3 0-0 2 , Thomas 10-18 0-2 21 , Burke 9-15 1-2 25 , J.Williams 2-4 0-0 6 , McConnell 4-8 0-0 10 , X.Williams 0-0 0-0 0 , Cole 2-4 0-0 4 , Bain 0-2 0-0 0 , Coalmon 0-3 0-0 0 , Gombe 3-6 0-0 6 . Totals 31-63 1-4 74 .
Halftime_Robert Morris 42-27 . 3-Point Goals_Drexel 4-16 ( Mojica 2-6 , Doles 1-2 , Lee 1-3 , Demir 0-1 , Isabell 0-2 , Kararinas 0-2 ) , Robert Morris 11-25 ( Burke 6-8 , J.Williams 2-3 , McConnell 2-6 , Thomas 1-3 , Bain 0-2 , Coalmon 0-3 ) . Fouled Out_Gombe . Rebounds_Drexel 31 ( A.Williams 11 ) , Robert Morris 28 ( Thomas 6 ) . Assists_Drexel 7 ( Lee 3 ) , Robert Morris 20 ( McConnell 11 ) . Total Fouls_Drexel 7 , Robert Morris 17 . A_621 ( 3,056 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
LONDON ( AP ) — Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travelers in Britain , with flights cancelled , roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted .
With temperatures dropping overnight as low as minus 11.6 Celsius ( 11 degrees Fahrenheit ) , hundreds of schools were closed Monday . Europe 's largest airport , Heathrow , warned Monday that some flights would be cancelled as it cleared the backlog of flights delayed by Sunday 's snowfall .
Heathrow asked travelers to check with their airlines . In the world of interconnected air travel , any extended disruption quickly leaves planes and flight crews out of position , knocking them out of rotation for their next assignments .
National Rail said poor weather conditions are affecting travel across England and Wales . Trains on Chiltern Railways , CrossCountry , Great Western , and Virgin Trains will all also be affected .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
× Seahawks will host Detroit Lions on Saturday in first round of playoffs
SEATTLE – The Seattle Seahawks will play host to the Detroit Lions in the first round of the playoffs next weekend .
The Lions ' 31-24 loss to the Green Bay Packers on Sunday night finalized the schedule .
The loss meant Detroit ended the season on a three-game skid , falling to 9-7 after losses to Dallas , the New York Giants and Green Bay .
The game will kick off at 5:15 p.m. at CenturyLink Field .
If the Seahawks win , they 'll head to Atlanta to play the Falcons the following Saturday at 1:35 p.m .
Returning to Seattle will be wide receiver Golden Tate , who played three seasons with the Seahawks before signing with the Lions .
April 10 US Concrete Inc :
* U.S . Concrete acquires aggregates operation in new jersey
* US Concrete Inc- acquisition will have an immediate positive impact on our operating results
* US Concrete - in connection with deal , was assigned long-term lease with South Jersey Port Corp for export dock located about 6 miles from aggregates operation Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The man who says he sent out the false ballistic missile alert last month in Hawaii that caused more than a half hour of panic said Friday he thinks he is being treated unfairly , and he was positive at the time the drill was real .
The man , who said he does n't want to be identified for security reasons , was fired by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency ( HI-EMA ) earlier this week . He told CNN on Friday that he feels terrible about what happened , but he did what he was trained to do .
He hopes that by speaking out , he can help prevent a similar incident from happening in the 49 other states .
The drill began on the morning of January 13 as the man , who had been with the agency for 11 1/2 years , according to his lawyer , and his coworkers were just logging on to their computers at the beginning of their shifts , he said .
`` I thought 100 percent it was real , '' said the former employee , who said he had been involved in about five prior missile drills .
The man said this time he never heard `` exercise , exercise , exercise '' over the secure phone for emergencies because someone picked up the handset before transferring it to a speaker .
The man said he heard the words `` This is not a drill '' in a voice he did not recognize and reacted as he was trained to do . He went on his computer and used a pull-down menu to send out the alert .
Bruce Oliveira , who conducted an HI-EMA investigation into the incident , said earlier this week that five other employees in the room heard the guidance that it was an exercise .
Oliveira , who retired from the Hawaii National Guard as brigadier general , also told reporters , `` When it became apparent that the real-world alert was issued , '' the employee who sent it out `` seemed confused , he froze and another employee had to take over his responsibilities . ''
The employee `` had a history of confusing drill and real-world events , '' Oliveira said .
The man disagreed with the state 's version of what happened and said there was no one in the room that said it was a drill .
The man blamed the incident on a variety of factors -- it was shift change , he and others lacked training , the drill was unannounced -- for the alert that was n't corrected for 38 minutes .
He also said protocols for the drills he was involved in changed each time .
`` The ( state and the Federal Communications Commission ) have false information in the reports , '' the man said .
Attorney Michael Green said his client was a scapegoat .
`` No one was ready for this day , '' Green said by phone . `` They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened . ''
Green and his client pointed out there was no safeguard measures to withdraw the alert . Employees had to call in people from the IT department to get it canceled . The former employee said the whole thing was a failure in planning from top to bottom .
Report finds problems
An internal investigation found `` that insufficient management controls , poor computer software design and human factors contributed '' to the alert and a delayed correction message .
Maj. Gen. Joe Logan , Hawaii 's state adjutant general , said Vern Miyagi , administrator of the state emergency management agency , resigned Tuesday .
Miyagi accepted full responsibility for the incident and the actions of his employees , Logan said . Another employee was suspended without pay and a third employee resigned before any disciplinary action was taken , Logan said .
Logan said he appointed Brig . Gen. Moses Kaoiwi , director of joint staff with the Hawaii National Guard , as interim agency administrator .
Recommendations are released
Oliveira made two dozen recommendations , including eliminating practice drills during a shift change , stronger confirmation prompts for those sending an alert , and improved training .
The former employee told CNN that the task he was assigned to do in sending the alert will now be a two-person job .
But he said that he thinks the military is better equipped for alerts . Before November , the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency 's alerts were predominantly were about hurricanes , possible tsunamis and other Earth-driven events .
FCC report
Oliveira 's findings echoed an Federal Communications Commission report issued Tuesday .
The FCC report said the emergency management worker thought the state was under attack and sent out the warning that sent residents into panic .
`` Many things went wrong in Hawaii , '' FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a published statement . `` I do n't say this for the purpose of casting blame or disparaging Hawaiian officials . We simply need to identify the problems in order to fix them -- not just in Hawaii , but anywhere else where they may exist . ''
The worker would not speak to FCC officials in person and submitted the account of the incident in writing , the report noted . The man told CNN that it was three days before someone talked to him about the incident and that was when a supervisor asked him to write a statement .
He said he then missed more than a week of work due to stress-related illness after learning death threats had been made against him to agency officials . He said he saw a doctor for sleep issues . He also had his hearing tested ( no issues there , he said ) .
Green said his client got stuck in the middle of an unprepared department and urged others to check with their state agencies to make sure they have a proper process in place .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Just Patios ' carports are designed to withstand harsh weather conditions and protect vehicles from corrosion .
[ MORAYFIELD , 02/07/2018 ]
– Just Patios delivers a range of high-quality patios , covers and roofing solutions . Included in its quality line of products is a durable set of carports built to withstand the specific weather conditions in Australia .
Carports Built to Withstand Harsh Environments
Just Patios helps homeowners protect their investments from wear and tear . The company recognises that vehicles are vulnerable to rust or corrosion , especially in Australia 's often harsh climate .
The company specialises in galvanised or colourbond systems , offering a carport range manufactured with sturdy material that shields vehicles from adverse weather conditions . The product is suitable for numerous types of vehicles , including cars , boats , caravans , motorbikes , and jet skis .
The carports are highly customisable to give homeowners a range of options and flexibility during installation . Just Patios employs a team of builders to install the carport . The team will inspect the home and get a feel of its visual style in order to smoothly integrate the carport into the facade . Customisation options and design modifications are available if necessary .
Carport Range and Designs
Just Patios ' carports come in several variants , each designed for different types of homes or locations .
The Flat/Skillion Carport is Just Patios ' most popular design . The product can be constructed as either free-standing units or attached to the side of the house . A more affordable variant with zincalume sheets and a galvanised frame are also available .
The Raised Flyover Carport is a taller variant ideal for boats and caravans . It can also be attached free-standing or to the side of the house . Just Patios ' team is available to assist clients with any issues regarding council regulations on property boundaries .
The Gable Carport contains a raised gable roof design with a customisable exterior . The range comes in three styles : hip ends , traditional gable ends and Dutch gable ends . It can be modified to fit the design of any home .
About Just Patios
Just Patios is a manufacturer of outdoor fixtures and living areas serving clients in Brisbane and the Sunshine Coast . The products are built with quality materials and backed by 15-year warranties .
For more information , visit http : //www.justpatios.com.au .
The number of high school students seeking a vocational-technical education instead of going the college-prep route is rising in New Jersey , a trend that comes as many companies are looking for workers with specific skills instead of a college degree . Vocational-technical high schools in all 21 counties could help bridge the gap , but they 've been facing a space crunch , so state lawmakers are stepping in with a proposed bond issue that would help pay for new classrooms and other facilities .
Under legislation that was approved by a key Senate committee last week , the state would issue $ 500 million in general-obligation bonds to help county vocational-technical high schools and community colleges expand their technical-education programs or create new ones .
The proposed bond issue follows a series of hearing held in recent months by a legislative “ manufacturing caucus ” that was organized by lawmakers to update state regulations and policies governing New Jersey 's rebounding manufacturing industry . One of the key issues that came up repeatedly during the caucus hearings was how economic growth in New Jersey is being held back because many companies simply ca n't find enough employees with the right technical skills to fill their job openings , even as the demand for vocational-technical education is surging in New Jersey .
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Tomorrow morning , I will be on Sandy Rios ' radio show , “ Sandy Rios in the Morning , ” on American Family Radio . Sandy and I will discuss Chai Feldblum , whom , oddly , President Trump has nominated for another term as EEOC commissioner .
I 'm scheduled to appear at 8:20 a.m. , Eastern Time .
Blotter o ' the Week : A man in his underwear tried to rip the rear view mirror off a car parked outside a West Ashley hotel with his bare hands .
You know your night 's not going well if you find yourself telling an officer that you had `` like two to three glasses '' of Merlot that night .
Someone stole a $ 2,000 Stella McCartney purse containing a Prada pocketbook , a silver iPhone X , Dior sunglasses , and diamond stud earrings from a tourist in the VIP section of a downtown club . And we do n't feel bad about it .
A man found smoking a joint on a bench at Waterfront Park assured an officer that he was just on his way to pick up his kids from the airport .
$ 250 worth of crab legs in a West Ashley grocery store made a run for it with the help of four legs worth of two hungry shoplifters .
A downtown woman called the cops saying that her grandson was `` not acting right and needs to go to the hospital . '' When officers arrived , they found him standing in a corner of the kitchen with his fists clenched firmly at his side and his eyes darting around the room . His stepdad thought he was just high , and his aunt said that he sometimes uses synthetic marijuana . When an EMS approached the young man to take him to the hospital , he punched the technician in the face .
A Johns Island man flagged an officer down after his brother took a prescription drug for opioid addiction , smoked a blunt , snorted cocaine , and drank alcohol all within the same time frame . Once in an ambulance , the man panicked and tried to leave . He was cuffed after he began `` thrashing around in a violent manner . ''
A guy shoved several candy bars , a bag of chips , and a whole jar of salsa down his pants at a downtown drug store .
A West Ashley man 's ex-wife occasionally goes into his house , steals his commemorative coins valued at approximately $ 2,600 , and pawns them .
A woman left her car for three hours , during which time someone stole two purses , a wallet , and $ 110 in cash , in case you were wondering whether you should lock your door while you run errands .
Officers searched a driver for drugs and found a blue ecstasy pill molded into the shape of Trump 's head with `` TRUMP '' written on the back , though if the relentless coverage of white supremacy in America has taught us anything , it 's that the pill should be red .
A man was reported to be causing a disturbance , making general threats , and saying `` someone is going to die tonight '' on the street . Also known as an acceptable reaction to being told Chipotle is out of guac .
The ACLU began equivocating lately about their categorical , content neutral defense of free speech , saying they might not defend the speech of hate groups that incite violence or force . I guess they 'll have to cross Black Lives Matter off their list of groups they will defend , then .
Reason ‘ s Robbie Soave reports :
Black Lives Matter Students Shut Down the ACLU 's Campus Free Speech Event Because ‘ Liberalism Is White Supremacy '
Students affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement crashed an event at the College of William & Mary , rushed the stage , and prevented the invited guest—the American Civil Liberties Union 's Claire Gastañaga , a W & M alum—from speaking .
Ironically , Gastañaga had intended to speak on the subject , “ Students and the First Amendment . ”
The disruption was livestreamed on BLM at W & M 's Facebook page . Students took to the stage just a few moments after Gastañaga began her remarks . At first , she attempted to spin the demonstration as a welcome example of the kind of thing she had come to campus to discuss , commenting “ Good , I like this , ” as they lined up and raised their signs . “ I 'm going to talk to you about knowing your rights , and protests and demonstrations , which this illustrates very well . Then I 'm going to respond to questions from the moderators , and then questions from the audience . ”
It was the last remark she was able to make before protesters drowned her out with cries of , “ ACLU , you protect Hitler , too . ”
LAWRENCE , Kan. - Josh Jackson declared for the NBA draft on Monday after one of the best freshman seasons in Kansas history , one marked by plenty of highlights on the floor and a few distractions off it .
The 6-foot-8 swingman , who is considered a certain lottery pick , was the Big 12 newcomer of the year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds . He helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a 13th straight regular-season Big 12 title before a loss to Oregon in the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament .
Jackson signed with former NBA player B.J . Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group .
`` After thoroughly consulting with my family , I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball , '' Jackson said . `` I am very thankful for all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas and I look forward to starting my career in the NBA . ''
Jackson was the nation 's No . 1 recruit when he signed with the Jayhawks out of Prolific Prep Academy in California . He immediately earned a spot in the starting lineup , teaming with national player of the year Frank Mason III and Devonte Graham to form one of the nation 's top backcourts .
`` This obviously does not come as a surprise , '' Kansas coach Bill Self said . `` When we recruited Josh we were so fortunate but also knew this would probably be a one-year stay . He has not only surpassed our expectations as a player but also as a leader and a teammate . ''
advertisement | advertise on newsday
With natural athleticism and ability to slash to the basket -- not to mention defensive chops rare among freshmen -- Jackson quickly established himself as one of the nation 's top draft prospects .
His importance was never more evident than in the Big 12 Tournament , when he was suspended by Self following a series of off-the-court issues . The top-seeded Jayhawks stumbled in a quarterfinal loss to TCU , ending their run at the conference tournament before it really began .
He returned for the NCAA Tournament and played well in wins over UC Davis , Michigan State and Purdue , but was hamstrung by foul trouble and managed 10 points in the season-ending loss to the Ducks .
Jackson 's suspension came following an incident outside a Lawrence bar in December , when a member of the Kansas women 's basketball team got into an altercation with Jackson 's teammate , Lagerald Vick . Jackson followed the woman to the parking lot and the woman said he kicked her car and caused hundreds of dollars in damage . He pleaded not guilty last week in Douglas County District Court to one misdemeanor count of criminal damage to property and a trial was scheduled for May 24 .
His attorney , Hatem Chahine , said he was planning to file for diversion .
Jackson also was ticketed in February after he struck a parked car and fled the scene , and that drew Self 's ire when he did n't tell his coach about the incident until several weeks later .
His decision to declare for the draft came a week after teammate Svi Mykhailiuk announced he would skip his senior season . But unlike Jackson , the 6-8 sharpshooter from Ukraine has not hired an agent and could withdraw his name by May 24 and return to the Jayhawks .
`` We are all very happy for Josh and his family and are very proud of having coached one of the most talented kids that has ever come through here , '' Self said . `` We 've had a lot really good ones here but Josh is as prepared for the next level as anyone that we have ever had . ''
___
More AP college basketball : www.collegebasketball.ap.org
Congress has yet to strike a deal on the Children 's Health Insurance Program . We hear what this means for kids in need of medical care . Plus : It 's been over 20 years since the federal government fully funded gun violence prevention research . We talk about the impact of this . And how one man is trying to keep the U.S. carnival industry afloat using a controversial migrant worker visa .
By The Associated Press
No . 1 Alabama ( 14-0 ) beat No . 4 Washington 24-7 , Peach Bowl , Dec. 31 . Next : vs. No . 3 Clemson , College Football championship , Monday , Jan. 9 .
No . 2 Ohio State ( 11-2 ) lost to 3 Clemson 31-0 , Fiesta Bowl , Dec. 31 .
No . 3 Clemson ( 13-1 ) beat No . 2 Ohio State 31-0 , Fiesta Bowl , Dec. 31 . Next : vs. No . 1 Alabama , College Football championship , Monday , Jan. 9 .
No . 4 Washington ( 12-2 ) lost to No . 1 Alabama 24-7 , Peach Bowl , Dec. 31 .
Advertisement
No . 5 Penn State ( 11-2 ) vs. No . 9 Southern Cal , Rose Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 6 Michigan ( 10-3 ) lost to No . 10 Florida State 33-32 , Orange Bowl , Dec. 30 .
No . 7 Oklahoma ( 10-2 ) vs. No . 17 Auburn , Sugar Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 8 Wisconsin ( 11-3 ) beat No . 12 Western Michigan 24-16 , Cotton Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 9 Southern Cal ( 9-3 ) vs. No . 5 Penn State , Rose Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 10 Florida State ( 10-3 ) beat No . 6 Michigan 33-32 , Orange Bowl , Dec. 30 .
No . 11 Colorado ( 10-4 ) lost to No . 13 Oklahoma State 38-8 , Alamo Bowl , Dec. 29 .
No . 12 Western Michigan ( 13-1 ) lost to No . 8 Wisconsin 24-16 , Cotton Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 13 Oklahoma State ( 10-3 ) beat No . 11 Colorado 38-8 , Alamo Bowl , Dec. 29 .
No . 14 West Virginia ( 10-3 ) lost to Miami 31-14 , Russell Athletic Bowl , Dec. 28 .
No . 15 Louisville ( 9-4 ) lost to No . 19 LSU 29-9 , Citrus Bowl , Dec. 31 .
No . 16 Stanford ( 10-3 ) beat North Carolina 25-23 , Sun Bowl , Dec. 30 .
No . 17 Auburn ( 8-4 ) vs. No . 7 Oklahoma , Sugar Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 18 Virginia Tech ( 10-4 ) beat Arkansas 35-24 , Belk Bowl , Dec. 29 .
No . 19 LSU ( 8-4 ) beat No . 15 Louisville 29-9 , Citrus Bowl , Dec. 31 .
No . 20 Florida ( 9-4 ) beat No . 21 Iowa 30-3 , Outback Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 21 Iowa ( 8-5 ) lost to No . 20 Florida 30-3 , Outback Bowl , Jan. 2 .
No . 22 Pittsburgh ( 8-5 ) lost to Northwestern 31-24 , Pinstripe Bowl , Dec. 28 .
No . 23 Temple ( 10-4 ) lost to Wake Forest 34-26 , Military Bowl , Dec. 27 .
No . 24 Nebraska ( 9-4 ) lost to Tennessee 38-24 , Music City Bowl , Dec. 30 .
No . 25 South Florida ( 11-2 ) beat South Carolina 46-39 , OT , Birmingham Bowl , Dec. 29 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The Philadelphia Eagles did n't lose their swagger even after seeing star quarterback Carson Wentz go down with what could be a season-ending injury .
Can the Eagles still succeed in the playoffs if Wentz is out ?
“ Do we have a quarterback on the roster ? OK , then , yes , ” safety Malcolm Jenkins said after the Eagles clinched the NFC East title with a thrilling 43-35 victory against the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday .
Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn his left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs .
Coach Doug Pederson said only that the Eagles ( 11-2 ) wo n't know the extent of Wentz 's injury until has an MRI exam Monday .
Wentz , who threw for 291 yards and four touchdowns before getting hurt , had a brace on his left knee as he was driven up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on a golf cart . He got off and hobbled about 30 feet to one of the team buses .
The Eagles do have a quarterback on the roster , of course . Nick Foles replaced Wentz and directed drives that Jake Elliott capped with field goals .
Jenkins said the Eagles can run the ball more to complement Foles , and that the defense will have to step up .
“ It ( stinks ) more so for Carson as a person and a friend and a teammate and what he puts into the game and his preparation , ” Jenkins said . “ But as a team we have all our goals in front of us . ”
Some things to know about the Eagles and Rams :
DIVISION CHAMPS
Despite Wentz 's injury , the Eagles celebrated the division title .
Foles said Wentz was waiting for the team when it came into the locker room after the game .
“ The guys really rallied , ” Foles said . “ It means a lot to this team , it means a lot to me . Excited we 're NFC East champs but it 's emotional , a guy you work with every day who you think the world of , you know I think he 's the MVP ; it 's not easy but I know this team will step up and rally no matter what . ”
Asked about Wentz 's mood , Pederson said : “ He 's excited . NFC East champs , he 's fired up . ”
WENTZ 'S INJURY
The QB was hit hard as he dived into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding . He stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later to give the Eagles a 31-28 lead .
Foles replaced Wentz on the next drive .
“ I just saw him favoring his leg a little bit and it 's just one of those things where he toughed it out , threw a touchdown , ” Foles said . “ He 's one of the toughest players I 've played with . He came to the side and got checked and I was told be ready to go in . ”
LEARNING EXPERIENCE
Los Angeles dropped to 9-4 , but still lead the NFC West . Quarterback Jared Goff said there 's plenty to learn from this loss .
“ I think if we play them 10 times , it would be pretty close every game , ” Goff said . “ It comes down to at the end of the game who makes a play and who does n't , and who takes care of the ball and who does n't have dumb penalties and stuff like that . That ends up being the difference in the game . We did that and they did n't , and so hats off to them . ”
WENTZ AND GOFF
This was the eighth time in the Super Bowl era that quarterbacks taken No . 1 and No . 2 overall in the same draft squared off , with the No . 1 dropping to 5-3 . Goff was the first pick overall in 2016 , followed by Wentz .
Goff threw for 199 yards and two touchdowns .
Wentz bounced back from throwing an interception on the game 's third play to throw touchdown passes on the Eagles ' next three possessions for a 21-7 lead . He threw a 5-yarder to tight end Brent Celek and a beautifully threaded 20-yarder to Trey Burton in the first quarter , and then another nicely thrown scoring pass to Burton in the second quarter , this one for 11 yards . Wentz 's 33 TD passes are a franchise single-season record .
WILD PLAYS
The game ended on a crazy play , when Philadelphia 's Brandon Graham grabbed a lateral by Tavon Austin out of the air and scored what was ruled a 16-yard fumble return .
The Rams scored twice in a span of less than two minutes early in the third quarter to take a 28-24 lead . The big momentum swing came when Blake Countess returned a blocked punt 16 yards for a touchdown . The punt was blocked by Michael Thomas , and the ball bounced right to Countess in stride .
___
AP Pro Football Writer Rob Maaddi contributed to this report from Philadelphia .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
March 19 ( UPI ) -- Volkswagen of America announced Monday it will manufacture a new sport-utility vehicle at an assembly plant in Tennessee .
The U.S. branch of the German automaker said it will invest $ 340 million to bring a new five-passenger version of its Atlas SUV into production at its factory in Chattanooga .
`` The Atlas has built strong momentum for Volkswagen in the SUV segment , and we are excited to grow our SUV portfolio with this new , Chattanooga-assembled five-passenger SUV , '' President and CEO of Volkswagen of America Hinrich J. Woebcken said . `` We are not only committed to this market , we are committed to our U.S. manufacturing home in Chattanooga , Tennessee . ''
Volkswagen previously invested about $ 900 million to expand the plant for production of prior models of the Atlas .
The five-passenger Atlas will be the third model assembled at the Chattanooga factory , which also manufactures the mid-size Passat .
`` During my time as Governor , I 've watched Volkswagen Chattanooga flourish from a single vehicle producer , starting with the Passat , into what it is today -- a thriving U.S. manufacturing operation that can produce three models , and counting , '' Tennessee Gov . Bill Haslam said .
A concept version of the five-passenger SUV will be unveiled at the 2018 New York International Auto Show , the company said .
Dear Dad ,
While watering the garden tonight , I noticed my peace rose had come into flower , and suddenly our strolls around the garden came to mind .
We 'd check out the garden ( mine or yours ) stopping to admire whatever was in bloom , you 'd share a few thoughts about the merits of one plant over another , we 'd talk about the challenges and joys of gardening .
It 's nearly 15 years since we last walked around the garden , so I thought you might like to hear how things have been coming along .
The roses have come in to their own this week , there are more than a dozen rose bushes tucked in around the garden . I gave up on a dedicated rose bed many years ago , and refuse to baby any of my roses . Instead , I grow self-sufficient shrub , old-fashioned English and hardy Canadian explorer roses , with just a few stalwart tea roses for good measure . I can almost see you shaking you head , you always preferred single , perfect tea roses . Today 's modern roses have proven themselves to be not only beautiful , but fragrant and very self-sufficient .
Your rose gardens are etched in my mind . The first garden was a formal affair : four precise geometric beds filled with tea roses arranged around a circular bed planted with annuals , a single hydrangea plant anchored the bed . Two red climbing roses were trained up trellises along the garage wall . Many Saturday afternoons were spent cutting the edges of the beds , turning the soil and raking it to a fine tilth .
The roses were treated like queens and they responded with beautiful flowers . We had the prettiest yard in the neighbourhood . By the time I was in high school , we 'd moved to new house , and the rose garden was scaled down , although that single rose bed held at least 30 rose bushes .
I always admired how generous you were with your roses , sharing them with family , friends and even some of your business clients . I remember you telling me how your roses helped to open more than one executive door when you were out on the road making a cold call .
After struggling to keep your roses in peak shape , you would appreciate the improved hardiness and disease resistance of many of today 's roses . The old-English style roses bred by David Austin have romantic , soft colours and rich perfume ; some even have quartered centres — they make beautiful cut flowers , and do n't need a team of gardeners to care for them .
Do you remember how much I loved the greenhouse at the farm ? I now have my own little greenhouse to putter around in . Right now , I have trays of gloriosa daisies , salvias and pots of basil ready for the garden . This spring was cold and wet , and I was able to nurse along my annuals , dahlias and tomatoes in the greenhouse until it was warm enough to plant them outside . It 's a great spot to escape to when it 's raining outside and I feel like getting my hands dirty . There 's a nice sturdy work bench along one wall that is ideal for flower arranging . You would appreciate the fact that the bench has nice soft light and no wind , it 's an ideal spot for shooting portraits of flowers . We were so lucky as kids to be able to experience a little slice of farm life when we visited the greenhouse , the barn and the tree-lined laneway at the farm . Today , our grandkids enjoy coming out to the greenhouse , I hope they will treasure the memories as they grow up .
Our garden is filled with memories . Take the silver maple that towers over the greenhouse , he is a direct descendent of the maple tree from your backyard . The seedling sprouted in our garden from leaf compost from your tree . I transplanted it to the back of the property many years ago , never imagining I would see it grow so tall . There 's a patch of mom 's lily of the valley growing under the maple . I grow pots of her favourite pansies on the deck every year . The garden would n't be complete without a sampling of bridal wreath spirea , lilac , forsythia , iris and peonies , all treasured plants from your first garden . It amazes me how plants can stir such warm memories and make a garden feel like home .
Thanks for sharing your passion for gardening with me . When I was just nine or 10 years old , I asked for a garden of my own . You put me in charge of the little garden along the garage , the one with the climbing red roses . I do n't remember what I planted , or if I even took very good care of it , but that 's not really the point . It was my own little garden and you admired my efforts , even though they were probably not up to standard .
Over the years , you let me help in the garden , weeding , planting and cutting the lawn ( not my favourite job , for the record ) . Those experiences gave me the confidence to try gardening once I had my own little plot of land , and for that I am truly grateful — apples do n't fall far from the tree .
Your loving daughter
— Theresa Forte is a local garden writer , photographer and speaker . You can reach her by calling 905-351-7540 or by email at theresa_forte @ sympatico.ca .
Three cars were stolen in the early hours of this morning ( October 6 ) in Kenilworth after burglars broke into three homes and stole the vehicles ' keys .
Two of the burglaries took place in Glasshouse Lane .
One of the homes had a side window smashed by burglars , who stole a wallet and a set of keys to a Jaguar , which was then stolen from the drive . This is incident 63 of October 6 .
Another home was broken into via the rear conservatory , and keys to a BMW were taken . The car was then stolen . This is incident 72 of October 6 .
And at just before 2am , an Audi was stolen from a house in Common Lane after its keys were stolen from the house . This is incident 32 of October 6 .
A spokesperson for Kenilworth Watch said : “ There is a limit as to what people can do to protect their homes and vehicles .
“ We encourage residents to do all they can but when the town is being hit like it has and is being with car key burglaries it 's about investigations and regular police patrols .
“ We want an assurance on these needs as some residents are becoming frightened and dismayed . ”
HIGHLIGHTS Mets spark plug has showed some improvement since drop to seventh in lineup
Not enough opportunities with men on base for middle of Mets lineup
Jose Reyes did n't know it was happening . Slumps behave that way . They sneak up , with no regard for the time of the year , and once a player spots the signs , it is too late .
“ Sometimes you try to do too much and you do n't even know it as a player , ” said Reyes , the Mets ' leadoff man , who is working through the worst slump he 's ever encountered to begin a season . “ Work . That 's the only way you 're going to get out of it . ”
For years , it has been a given that Reyes would find his name atop the starting lineup . He identifies as a leadoff man , a speedy table-setter whose job is to jump-start the rest of the lineup . Instead , his failure to launch has forced a reshuffling .
With an .087 average ( 4-for-46 ) , Reyes has been dropped to seventh , where he has been slotted in four of his last five starts .
That has been the uncomfortable compromise struck by manager Terry Collins , who has tried to defer to Reyes ' desire to stay in the lineup to hit his way out of his funk . Plenty of time remains for a turnaround . But so far , nothing has worked .
“ Jose is just too big a piece , ” Collins said . “ We 've got to get him started . ”
The Mets have leaned upon two strengths to weather Reyes ' struggles : power and depth . Entering Monday , the Mets were tied for the major-league lead in homers ( 22 ) and ranked fourth in runs scored ( 61 ) .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Yoenis Cespedes was tied for the major-league lead with six homers and Lucas Duda and Jay Bruce have slugged four apiece . Asdrubal Cabrera is hitting .286 , with his production coming in big spots . Travis d'Arnaud has roared out of the gate , hitting .323 with a team-high 1.062 OPS .
The Mets have even showed signs of finally slaying a persistent adversary . They hit just .225 with runners in scoring position last season , and only a late surge kept them from finishing last in those situations in the National League . This year , the Mets are hitting .288 with runners in scoring position , fifth in the league .
But that production ca n't be maximized until the Mets begin getting more men on base in front of those big bats , and that responsibility falls primarily on Reyes .
“ There 's no question , we 've got to start getting guys on , ” Collins said . “ We 've got the middle of our order producing runs when guys are on base , but we 're not getting anybody on in front of them . ”
The Mets have received scant production from the leadoff spot , ranking last in the NL in average ( .086 ) , on-base percentage ( .172 ) and slugging ( .155 ) . The blame has been shared .
Mets videos
Reyes is 1-for-29 with a .034/.097/.034 slash line in the top spot . He has scored two runs as a leadoff hitter . Curtis Granderson , the Mets ' other alternative , has been nearly as bad . He 's 2-for-22 ( .091/.200/.136 ) as the leadoff man . Only Michael Conforto has had some success , going 2-for-4 with a walk in his one start atop the lineup .
The Mets ' table-setting issues have n't necessarily been confined to the leadoff spot . When leading off an inning , the Mets overall are batting .149/.218/.316 . In each category , that ranks last in the National League .
Reyes , 33 , understands his role in those struggles . While the hits have yet to come , he senses improvement , even if it might be incremental . He has walked in three straight games , a sign that he 's at least getting deeper in counts and perhaps finally resisting the urge to do more .
“ That was something that I was looking for , ” Reyes said . “ Before I was 0-and-2 right out of the gate , and that 's a lot of pressure for a hitter . ”
Indeed , 14 of Reyes ' at-bats have begun with an 0-and-2 count , the most on the team . He has just one hit in those situations .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Plenty of work remains in the batting cage and in the video room , where Reyes has been a fixture in recent days alongside hitting coach Kevin Long .
“ When you 're in a slump , you 're in a slump , man , ” Reyes said . “ When you 're feeling good , they can even throw you a ground ball and you 're going to hit it . That 's how baseball is , man . But one thing you do n't do when you 're in a slump is sat back and do n't do anything . ”
Notes & quotes : Steven Matz is expected to begin a throwing program next week . The Long Island native is on the disabled list with what he called a strained flexor tendon . The Mets have listed the injury as left elbow inflammation . . . Seth Lugo is scheduled to begin his throwing program Tuesday , throwing off flat ground from 60 feet . Lugo has a partially torn elbow ligament and hopes to avoid Tommy John surgery .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- The 2018 Billboard Music Awards will feature a special performance from South Korean boy band BTS .
Billboard announced in a news release Tuesday that the K-pop group will perform a new single at the awards show May 20 in Las Vegas .
The event will mark BTS ' first performance at the Billboard Music Awards . The boy band attended the awards show for the first time in 2017 .
`` Look out for our second appearance or - say what ? - FIRST PERFORMANCE at the @ BBMAs ! # BTS_BBMAs , '' the group tweeted Tuesday .
Look out for our second appearance or - say what ? - FIRST PERFORMANCE at the @ BBMAs ! # BTS_BBMAs
2018년 빌보드 뮤직 어워즈도 함께 할 수 있도록 해준 아미들에게 감사합니다 ! 🎉🎉 퍼포머로서의 # 방탄소년단 , 많이 기대해주세요💜 pic.twitter.com/9ZmEa2P0Bx — BTS_official ( @ bts_bighit ) April 24 , 2018
BTS is nominated for Top Social Artist at this year 's ceremony . The boy band won the award in 2017 .
`` We are honored to be nominated again for the 2018 # BBMAs ! Do n't miss the show , LIVE May 20th on NBC . # BBMAs , '' the group tweeted last week .
Camila Cabello , Shawn Mendes and Dua Lipa will also perform at the 2018 Billboard Awards . The event will mark Lipa 's first appearance and performance at the awards show .
BTS will release its third studio album , Love Yourself : Tear , May 18 , two days prior to the Billboard Music Awards .
—File Photo
ANKARA , Turkey : Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan warned the United States on Monday it was a “ partner to bloodshed ” after Donald Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel sparked violence .
Erdoğan bitterly opposes Trump 's decision and has sought to mobilise the Muslim world against it , calling a summit of Islamic countries on December 13 in Istanbul .
The Turkish president , who regards himself as a champion of the Palestinian cause , said the “ struggle ” of Muslims would not end until there was an independent Palestinian state .
“ They will never be able to clean the blood , ” he said in a speech in Ankara .
“ With this recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , it ( the United States ) has become a partner to this bloodshed . We do not recognise this decision , we will not , ” he added .
Turkey had high hopes for relations under the Trump presidency , but ties have frayed with rows over the Syria conflict , a New York legal case and now Jerusalem .
Erdoğan said that the current “ vandalism and cruelty ” in Jerusalem would not last . “ Those who think they own Jerusalem today will not find trees to hide behind , ” he said .
Trump 's move has ignited protests across the Islamic world and deadly violence in the Palestinian territories .
He said Wednesday 's summit of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) in Istanbul would be a “ turning point ” on the issue .
Erdoğan and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had traded verbal blows at the weekend , with the Turkish leader describing Israel as a “ terrorist state ” that kills children .
Hours later Netanyahu hit back , calling his counterpart a leader who bombs Kurdish villagers and supports terrorists , during an official visit to Paris .
However Erdoğan did not refer to Netanyahu in his latest speech .
Last year , Turkey and Israel ended a rift triggered by Israel 's storming in 2010 of a Gaza-bound ship that left 10 Turkish activists dead and led to a downgrading of diplomatic ties .
The two sides have since stepped up cooperation , particularly in energy , but Erdoğan has repeatedly been bitterly critical of Israeli policy.—AFP
GILES COUNTY - An economic expansion expected to bring new jobs in the near futureL Giles County had a new milestone to celebrate Wednesday with the opening of the area 's first Virginia farm winery , a distinct designation in the state .
County leaders along with congressman Morgan Griffith gathered for a ribbon-cutting at JBR Vineyard and Winery in Trigg . This makes the second vineyard and winery to open in the county in the past three years .
Tourism continues to be a leading industry in the region . In the New River Valley agritourism is a major driver . JBR adds to that culture and not only features a beautiful hillside of more than decade-old grape plants , but also a new tasting room where the public can schedule an appointment to view the vineyard and taste the wine .
Owner Jessee Ring is a Narrows High School graduate . After graduating from college , meeting his wife and moving to California , where he spent much of his life , he said the mountains called him back home to Giles .
`` If 20 years ago you told me that I would be standing right here saying this and looking at this , I would not have believed it . ''
While the entire venture can be overwhelming at times he admitted , Wednesday he said he 's finally taking it all in . He is happy to be back with his wife , planting his new business where his life first began .
`` May the circle be unbroken , '' Ring said .
The winery and tasting room adds another unique amenity that adds to the draw of Giles County .
`` It 's just another piece of the tourism puzzle , '' said Giles County Administrator Chris McKlarney . JBR first produced ibottles of wine in 2015 . Since then , it 's been sold and enjoyed at venues in the area such as Mountain Lake Lodge and venues in Blacksburg .
McKlarney says agribusiness , like the winery , and capitalizing on outdoor recreation are key to a thriving economy in Giles . And so far -- they are doing exceptionally well .
`` Annual expenditures in Giles are about $ 26.5 million dollars , which for a county of 17,000 people , that 's a big deal , '' McKlarney said .
In fact , over the past two years , the county has seen more than a 30 percent increase in transient occupancy tax revenue , meaning more and more people are going there each year .
In December 2017 Gov . Terry McAuliffe announced that JBR -- with the support of the Giles County Industrial Development Authority , would receive an Agricultural and Forestry Industries Development Fund award to expand the winery to 14 tons of grapes and build a tasting room onsite of their Staffordsville winery . “ We are excited that VDACS and the Governor 's Office continue to promote and support new business opportunities like JBR Vineyards , ” said McKlarney .
“ Giles County is pleased to join with our Commonwealth of Virginia partners in the effort to expand our economy and create new jobs for our citizens . Agriculture is important to Giles County and the addition of a vineyard and winery will provide additional tourism opportunities for visitors to Virginia 's Mountain Playground , '' McKlarney said .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
The Yankees beat the St. Louis Cardinals , 9-3 , to complete the sweep in a three-game series Sunday at Yankee Stadium .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Aaron Judge # 99 of the New York Yankees draws a walk during the eighth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Aaron Hicks # 31 of the New York Yankees hits a home run during the fifth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Starlin Castro # 14 of the New York Yankees singles during the fifth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Chase Headley # 12 of the New York Yankees singles during the fifth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Michael Pineda # 35 of the New York Yankees reacts as Greg Garcia # 35 of the St. Louis Cardinals ( not pictured ) grounds out to end the top of the seventh inning of a game at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Miguel Socolovich # 63 of the St. Louis Cardinals delivers the pitch during the eighth inning of a game against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Chase Headley # 12 of the New York Yankees singles during the fifth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Michael Pineda # 35 of the New York Yankees reacts as Greg Garcia # 35 of the St. Louis Cardinals ( not pictured ) grounds out to end the top of the seventh inning of a game at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Aaron Hicks # 31 of the New York Yankees hits a home run during the fifth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Aaron Hicks # 31 of the New York Yankees congratulated by third base coach Joe Espada # 53 after hitting a home run during the fifth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Aaron Hicks # 31 of the New York Yankees reacts after singling in the third inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Matt Adams # 32 of the St. Louis Cardinals swings during the eighth inning of a game against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Greg Bird # 33 of the New York Yankees scores a run during the eighth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Starlin Castro # 14 of the New York Yankees reacts after striking out during the third inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Starlin Castro # 14 of the New York Yankees strikes out during the third inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Aaron Hicks # 31 of the New York Yankees singles during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Greg Bird # 33 of the New York Yankees doubles during the fourth inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Greg Bird # 33 of the New York Yankees reacts after hitting a two-run home run during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Greg Bird # 33 of the New York Yankees reacts after hitting a two-run home run during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Umpires Jeff Kellogg # 8 and Tim Timmons # 95 wait for the ruling on the fan interference on a hit by Aaron Judge # 99 of the New York Yankees ( not pictured ) during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Chase Headley # 12 of the New York Yankees congratulated by his teammates after scoring a run during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Aaron Judge # 99 of the New York Yankees hits an RBI triple during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Greg Bird # 33 congratulated by his teammate Aaron Judge # 99 of the New York Yankees after hitting a two-run home run during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Greg Bird # 33 of the New York Yankees reacts after hitting a two-run home run during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Chase Headley # 12 of the New York Yankees congratulated by his teammates after scoring a run during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Stephen Piscotty # 55 of the St. Louis Cardinals looks on as a fan interferes with a ball hit by Aaron Judge # 99 of the New York Yankees during the second inning of a game at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Greg Bird # 33 of the New York Yankees reacts after hitting a two-run home run during the second inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Michael Pineda # 35 of the New York Yankees delivers a pitch during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Starlin Castro # 14 of the New York Yankees singles during the first inning of a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Michael Pineda # 35 of the New York Yankees delivers a pitch during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Adam Wainwright # 50 of the St. Louis Cardinals delivers a pitch during a game against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Michael Pineda # 35 of the New York Yankees delivers a pitch during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Matt Carpenter # 13 of the St. Louis Cardinals looks on in between inning during a game against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Michael Pineda # 35 of the New York Yankees delivers a pitch during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
( Credit : Steven Ryan ) ( Credit : Steven Ryan ) Adam Wainwright # 50 of the St. Louis Cardinals delivers a pitch during a game against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium on Sunday , April 16 , 2017 .
Only 44 percent of the country believes that Donald Trump is capable of preventing major scandals , a new Gallup poll has discovered . By comparison , 74 percent of people said President Barack Obama would be able to prevent major scandals when he was coming into office in 2009 , and 77 percent said the same of George W. Bush in 2001 .
`` In addition to their personal feelings about Trump , Americans ' lower confidence in him may also stem from the public 's generally low level of trust in government , '' Gallup writes in its analysis of the data . `` Americans ' trust in the federal government to handle international and domestic problems is worse now than it was when Bush and Obama took office . ''
Across all categories — including `` use military force wisely '' and `` work effectively with Congress to get things done '' — Trump never inspired more confidence than any of the past three incoming president-elects . `` The deficits for Trump versus the average for his predecessors range from a low of 15 percentage points on defending U.S. interests abroad to a high of 32 points for preventing major scandals , '' Gallup writes .
New Gallup poll finds most Americans skeptical Donald Trump can handle presidential duties . I 'm gon na miss # Obama.https : //t.co/vZxg9qzd9X pic.twitter.com/e6sVzq9006 — HinterlandG ( @ hinterlandg ) January 2 , 2017
The results come from a random sample of 1,028 adults reached in landline or cell phone interviews between Dec. 7-11 . The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percent . Jeva Lange
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Harvey Weinstein wo n't testify before the grand jury that 's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges .
New research in The FASEB Journal suggests that transient receptor channels ( TRPs ) activated in progenitor cells can help create more `` good fat '' ( brown adipose tissue ) than 'bad fat ' ( white adipose tissue ) and may even convert bad fat to good
According to research published online in The FASEB Journal , scientists have discovered a way to increase the amount of metabolism-boosting brown adipose tissue ( BAT ) ( `` good '' fat ) by employing two receptors on BAT cells as potential therapeutic targets . Both receptors , TRPM8 and TRPP3 , are associated with the creation of BAT in humans , and may be activated by certain foods , and possibly the envisioned new drugs . This has implications for the treatment of obesity , diabetes , and related metabolic disorders .
`` Our study establishes the potential of TRPM8 and TRPP3 as druggable targets involved in human brown adipogenesis , to develop substances that can modulate energy consumption in individuals and blood sugar control , '' said Michael Ragunath , M.D. , Ph.D. , a researcher involved in the work at the Department of Life Sciences and Facility Management , Center for Cell Biology and Tissue Engineering , Zurich University of Applied Sciences , in Zurich , Switzerland . `` In the face of a growing number of diabetic and obese people , our work hopefully will contribute to the development of non-adrenergic stimulators of brown fat and the appreciation of functional food to influence brown fat physiology . ''
To make this discovery , Ragunath and colleagues used two types of precursor cells from human donors : bone marrow stem cells ( MSCs ) and subcutaneous belly fat cells . They induced these cells to become white or brown fat , and in parallel cultures the cells were allowed to remain undifferentiated . All 27 TRP channels were analyzed during the process . Some TRPs were never expressed , some were constantly present , and some only during brown fat cell differentiation . TRPM8 and TRPP3 were present at high levels in differentiated brown fat , but not in progenitor cells . To investigate the role of TRPM8 , they used specific activator or inhibitors , and found that stimulation of TRPM8 strongly supported browning , whereas presence of the inhibitors impeded it . The function of TRPP3 was tested by using genetic manipulation to eliminate its function , and this prevented the formation of brown fat , but not white fat .
`` Just when one begins to think every door in the brown fat field has been opened , here comes the olfactory receptors axis , '' said Thoru Pederson , Ph.D. , Editor-in-Chief of The FASEB Journal . `` If further studies link this to food recognition ( and thus preferences ) , a major advance will have been made . ''
# # #
Submit to The FASEB Journal by visiting http : //fasebj . msubmit . net , and receive monthly highlights by signing up at http : //www . faseb . org/ fjupdate . aspx . The FASEB Journal is published by the Federation of the American Societies for Experimental Biology ( FASEB ) . It is among the world 's most cited biology journals , according to the Institute for Scientific Information , and has been recognized by the Special Libraries Association as one of the top 100 most influential biomedical journals of the past century .
FASEB is composed of 30 societies with more than 125,000 members , making it the largest coalition of biomedical research associations in the United States . Our mission is to advance health and welfare by promoting progress and education in biological and biomedical sciences through service to our member societies and collaborative advocacy .
The new Pista is Ferrari 's meaner-looking 488 , but tuners can make the regular GTB look just as angry . This is where Misha Designs comes into play to turn the V8 supercar from Maranello into a proper attention grabber . Having tweaked the 458 Italia several years ago , the tuner is no stranger to giving Ferraris widebody packages and this duo of GTBs is a prime example of how they can radically change the appearance of a prancing horse .
The folks over at Creative Bespoke were responsible for fitting the two 488 GTBs with Misha Designs ' body kit and they also had to get rid of the standard wheels to replace them with Forgiato rims . We 're particularly fond of the white one , not just because of the color , but mainly due to the intricate design of the alloys .
As far as the aftermarket body parts , these have all been installed using the original factory mounting points and come to replace the OEM components without requiring any changes to the 488 GTB whatsoever . These bits and pieces are made out from carbon fiber , either exposed or painted .
It would seem that the white one - or another car that looks virtually the same – is up for grabs on Creative Bespoke 's website and can be had for a cool $ 378,000 . The ad says it has been driven for only 587 miles ( 944 kilometers ) and has Misha Design 's carbon aero kit worth $ 40,000 and Forgiatio 's three-piece forged wheels with Pirelli tires valued at $ 12,000 as a complete set . It also boasts a sport lowering kit from Mansory ( $ 4,000 ) and ceramic coating together with color correction priced at $ 1,350 . Installing the body kit with and paining the components was $ 15,000 .
In total , more than $ 73,500 were spent on customizing this look-at-me Ferrari over the course of over three months .
Source : Misha Designs , Creative Bespoke
The U.S . Golf Association is close to an agreement with the Shinnecock Indian Nation over the tribe 's participation in the upcoming U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills , a USGA spokesman said Wednesday .
The development , which follows weeks of rancor by the tribe over what one leader called “ a pittance ” of offers from the USGA , will not preclude peaceful protests planned by tribal members each day of the event , which starts June 11 .
Craig Annis , a spokesman for USGA , said leaders from both sides have had “ some really great conversations ” in recent days about the tribe 's inclusion in the event , which he said would involve a combination of “ direct access ” to the championship golf tournament and “ celebrating ” the tribe in opening and closing ceremonies .
USGA also will provide for Shinnecock tribe members under 18 years of age to participate in a junior-day clinic at the event and in tours of various parts of the Open , Annis said .
There also will be a joint promotion of the tribe 's cultural center , Annis said , noting , “ We 're working to encourage fans in the area to visit the Shinnecock Cultural Center and Museum to learn about their history . ”
USGA will work with the tribe to produce a video shown on USGA channels that will discuss the tribe 's history in the development of the Shinnecock Hills Golf Course , as well as one tribal member 's participation in the competition . Shinnecock member Oscar Bunn played in the competition in 1896 .
USGA is also working with the tribe to facilitate use of land at the tribe 's powwow grounds for parking , Annis said . The tribe , he said , will offer parking on its own , and work with USGA on the size of shuttles needed to transfer visitors to the event .
Annis said the full settlement will be announced within a week .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Shinnecock tribal trustee Lance Gumbs , who had previously been working on a settlement , declined to comment .
But any settlement wo n't end some tribal members ' plans to hold daily peaceful protests near the site of the open . Nichol Dennis-Banks , a former tribal trustee who is organizing the protests , said they will be held each morning of the Open , from 6 to 7 a.m . The protests will take place at the corner of Montauk Highway and Tuckahoe Road .
The Shinnecock Hills Protectors Demonstration will “ peacefully advocate to reclaim our rightful sacred lands of the Shinneock Hills , ” Dennis-Banks said in a message . She acknowledged the protest has “ nothing to do with the USGA or the U.S. Open . ”
The protests will feature a range of speakers , including tribal and non-Shinnecock members , and call for an end to “ racism and injustices against minorities , ” according to Dennis-Banks .
Annis said USGA has been working with Dennis-Banks to coordinate with the local authorities in support of the protests . “ We 've been talking to her about ways to engage her and the group , ” he said .
In a statement , Brett Pickett , president of the Shinnecock Hills Golf Club , said the club has “ profound respect for the Shinnecock Nation , and we try in all that we do to honor their history and heritage and their connection to this land . ”
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Three speed bumps have been installed outside Balmoor Stadium in a bid to make the area safer .
General Manager at Peterhead Football Club , Martin Johnston felt something needed to be done as he was concerned about safety in the area .
Martin explained : “ Given that I have personally witnessed a number of near misses involving speeding cars and children in the area between the main entrance to Balmoor Stadium and the astro pitch , I felt compelled to try and action some form of traffic calming .
“ Thanks to the efforts of councillor Diane Beagrie this was prioritised and our efforts are here for all to see .
“ However , as witnessed at a recent school sports day at Catto Park , there is still an area of concern where motorists are driving irresponsibly .
“ Staff and customers of Peterhead FC are being encouraged to reverse park as an additional safety measure with plans for signage to be installed accordingly . ”
Martin added : “ The speed that some motorists drive at in the car park when there are a high number of pedestrians horifies me . I would appeal to all motorists to drive resposibly . ”
“ Some motorists are still hitting the speed bumps at speed causing their vehicles to bounce . This is really irresponsible and apart from the possibility of having and accident they run the high risk of damaging their vehicles .
“ The message is simple , please slow down . ”
Councillor Dianne Beagrie added : “ I was delighted to work with Peterhead Football Club and Aberdeenshire Council for the traffic calming measures at the all weather pitch car park .
“ I will be pushing to have another one installed further down the car park .
“ We need to put the safety of children first . ”
CHARLESTON , W.Va. ( AP ) – Democratic U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin has built a significant fundraising chest in his bid for a second full six-year term , far outpacing West Virginia Republicans hoping to defeat him this fall .
Filings with the Federal Election Commission show Manchin 's campaign has raised $ 4.5 million since the start of 2017 and had $ 5.4 million cash on hand at the end of March .
Manchin faces Paula Jean Swearengin in the May 8 Democratic primary . Swearengin reports raising $ 179,000 and has $ 54,000 cash on hand .
Six candidates are running in the GOP primary . Former Massey Energy CEO Don Blankenship has self-funded his campaign with $ 2 million in loans . U.S. Rep. Evan Jenkins and state Attorney General Patrick Morrisey each has raised more than $ 1.4 million and has about $ 1.3 million cash on hand .
Comments
The following May 29 , 2018 crime report was supplied by LAPD Senior Lead Officer Michael Moore of the West L.A. Division . Arrests do not indicate a conviction .
Burglary
600 Las Lomas Ave , 5/1/18 btwn 11 AM and 12 PM . The suspect ( male Hispanic , black hair , 30/35 years , short hair and beard ) entered a construction site , took victim 's tools , and fled in a white pick-up truck .
Burglary/Theft from Vehicle
800 Fiske , btwn 5/9/18 at 11 AM and 5/13/18 at 8 AM . The suspect removed the catalytic converter from victim 's vehicle .
800 Toyopa , 5/20/18 btwn 9:25 AM and 10:25 AM . The suspect entered victim 's vehicle and took a gift card .
Theft
14700 Pacific Coast Hwy , 5/24/18 at 12 PM . The suspect took victim 's backpack while victim was using the restroom .
100 Rockingham , btwn 3/6/18 at 9 AM and 5/11/18 at 8 AM . The suspect removed jewelry from victim 's home .
1500 Michael Ln , 5/15/18 at 10 AM . The suspect tricked victim into sending money claiming the victim would receive $ 4000 .
1200 Rimmers , btwn 4/12/18 at 12 PM and 5/18/18 at 2 PM . The suspect took money and a blank check from victim 's home .
100 West Channel , 5/18/18 btwn 10:45 PM and 11 PM . The suspect took victim 's cell phone from her purse .
Violation Of Court Order
Sunset/Swarthmore , 5/24/18 at 9 AM . A 61-year-old male was arrested for violation of a court order after loitering in the Palisades Village .
The proportion of geriatric population amongst the total population continues to grow and is the single largest driver for the growing global geriatric care services market . Changing family structure in most developed countries has resulted in decrease in time family caregivers can provide . This factor has been crucial in developing and shaping of geriatric care services market . Furthermore , the industrial development and improved job opportunities in the emerging nations of Asia-Pacific have resulted into more people working away from home . This has further led to unavailability of family caregivers which is incentivizing formal care providers . Along with this a large fraction of geriatrics today wish to continue their professional lives but require moderate support from care services . The market in the region has begun developing and returns from geriatric care business in the region are expected to grow in the coming years . The global geriatric care services market was valued at USD 560.4 billion in 2012 and is expected to reach USD 850.0 billion by 2019 , growing at a CAGR of 5.9 % during the forecast period 2013 to 2019 .
View Report : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/geriatric-care-services-market.html
The global geriatric care services market is broadly categorized into home care services , adult daycare services , and institutional care services . The institutional care services market constituted the largest segment in the global geriatric care services market while home care services market is expected to witness the fastest growth amongst all the segments during the forecast period 2013 to 2019 . The freedom to stay at home and cost containment are the prime reasons which explain the emergence of home care services market in the overall geriatric care services market . This segment of market provides unique advantages such as less expensive , desired stay at home and more independence which is helping to gain traction in the steadily growing global geriatric care services market . The shortage of other available options such as nursing homes and assisted living communities in the developing regions is also propelling the growth of global geriatric home care services market .
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=2558
In 2012 , North America was the largest market for geriatric care services contributing to larger proportion of the global market followed by Europe region . These two regions are expected to maintain their leading positions in the global market during the forecast period from 2013 to 2019 . Although the market for senior care services in the developed nations of North America and Europe is structured , it is yet in a developing phase . Moreover , the market is absolutely in budding stage in other parts of the world , particularly in countries such as China and India where the situation of elderly care is expected to become grave in the coming years . The market dynamics in China are more rapidly changing relative to India since it has more elderly population while India is still known to be a young country . China will be an attractive destination for the international industry players such as Home Instead Senior Care , Inc. , as the government has decided to allow private investments in country 's elderly care services market .
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=2558
Brookdale Senior Living , Inc. , Extendicare , Inc. , Genesis HealthCare Corp. , Gentiva Health Services , Inc. , GGNSC Holdings , Home Instead Senior Care , Inc. , Kindred Healthcare , Inc. , Senior Care Centers of America , Skilled Healthcare Group , Inc. , and Sunrise Senior Living , Inc. are some of the major companies operating in the global geriatric care services market .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 22 5 .815 — 7-3 L-1 12-2 10-3 14-4 Cleveland 19 8 .704 3 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Toronto 16 7 .696 4 8-2 W-5 9-1 7-6 8-4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 15 11 .577 6½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 11 .560 7 4-6 L-5 8-3 6-8 7-8 Washington 14 12 .538 7½ 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 Miami 12 13 .480 9 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 New York 12 13 .480 9 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 11½ 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 15 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Chicago 5 20 .200 16 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 Minnesota 15 11 .577 6 5-5 W-1 8-4 7-7 12-5 Denver 14 11 .560 6½ 5-5 W-1 10-2 4-9 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Sacramento 8 17 .320 12½ 4-6 W-1 4-6 4-11 6-7 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 5-5 L-2 5-10 2-9 5-12
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto at Sacramento , 3:30 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 4 p.m .
Denver at Indiana , 5 p.m .
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Could this be Australia 's worst driver ? The West Australian
An angry truckie has blasted a female driver who moved into his path too slowly on Sydney 's M3 .
While large parts of the country are enjoying a welcome respite from one of the worst droughts in almost 100 years , the Western Cape is facing unprecedented water restrictions . And while it sounds fairly straight-forward , there 's a lot more to water restrictions than simply taking a short shower .
With Cape Town 's dams running on empty , water is more precious than ever . So , to ensure there 'll be enough water in the coming months , the municipalities are throttling water supply by decreasing the pressure in taps , which means less water is being pumped through the pipes .
There are various levels of restriction depending on the severity of the water shortage in a specific area . Each level comes with its own unique rules and limitations . On top of this , should you fail to adhere to these outlines , you could face a hefty fine at the end of the month .
KEEP A LEVEL HEAD
There are four levels , but the Western Cape has become the first province to enter a level 3B restriction level . So what exactly does that mean ?
LET 'S TALK MONEY
While the water restrictions could be an inconvenience for many , it 's best not to ignore them . If you do , you 'll have to pay up . Cape Town municipalities have implemented a new tariff system to keep users in check . The average domestic use per household is 10.5 kilolitres . The moment you start to use more than this average , you will pay more per kilolitre .
REPORT IT
Should you know of someone using water beyond the above rules , you can report them to your local municipality .
You can also report water wasters by calling 0860 103 089 .
. If you spot any water leaks , you can report them here .
Sources : Johannesburg Water , capetown.gov.za
San Francisco : A woman was killed by an Uber self-driving sports utility vehicle in Arizona , police said on Monday , and the ride-hailing company said it had suspended its autonomous vehicle program across the United States and Canada .
The accident in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe marked the first fatality from a self-driving vehicle , which are being tested around the globe , and could derail efforts to fast-track the introduction of the new technology .
The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel at the time of the accident , which occurred overnight Sunday to Monday , Tempe police said .
`` The vehicle was travelling northbound ... when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when she was struck by the Uber vehicle , '' police said in a statement .
The woman later died from her injuries in a hospital , police said . Her name has not been released because her next of kin had not yet been notified , police said .
Tempe police could not immediately be reached for further comment .
The vehicle involved in the accident was a Volvo , a person familiar with the matter said . Local television footage of the scene showed a crumpled bike and a Volvo XC90 SUV with a smashed-in front .
The US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and National Transportation Safety Board said they were sending investigative teams to probe the crash . NHTSA also said it was in contact with Volvo .
A spokesperson for Uber Technologies Inc said the company was suspending its North American tests . In a tweet , Uber expressed its condolences and said the company was fully cooperating with authorities .
1:07 Jerry Sandusky speaks out entering the Centre County Courthouse Pause
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe 's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
1:48 Fort Worth Opera 's 'JFK ' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
PANAMA 'S ex-president , Ricardo Martinelli , currently behind bars in Miami , will be running for leadership of the party he founded to enable his presidential ambitions .
From the Cambio Democratico ( CD ) party 's headquarters in Obarrio , Luis Eduardo Camacho Camachó said that Martinelli 's public and civil rights are intact , as well as his leadership . “ The leader of the opposition in this country is called Ricardo Martinelli Berrocal , ” he said at a Monday , Aug. 14 press conference .
“ There is nothing that prevents Ricardo Martinelli Berrocal from being nominated to be reelected as president of CD , ” said Camacho , while recalling that there is no impediment for the former president to aspire to a position of popular election , With the exception of the presidency of the Republic .
When asked about the criminal situation of Martinelli and the extradition hearing he will face on August 23 , Camacho said that the former president has full confidence in the respect of the rule of law in the United States , where he came after his rights Were “ trampled ” in Panama . reports La Estrella .
For Camacho , the government of President Varela , has been dedicated to “ persecuting Ricardo Martinelli and the CD ” , even reaching the levels of a “ military dictatorship ” , with a Public Prosecutor ( MP ) that considers that she has been employed as a political tool .
“ The dictatorship of Juan Carlos Varela , exercised through the MP , employs kidnapping as a tool of political persecution , ” he said , referring to the provisional arrest of Silvana Manzini de Obarrio on August 8 .
By James C. McIntosh , M.D .
Prologue
Section 7 of the American Psychiatric Association 's Principles of Medical Ethics of 1973 reads as follows :
“ On occasion , psychiatrists are asked for an opinion about an individual who is in the light of public attention or who has disclosed information about himself/herself through public media . In such circumstances , a psychiatrist may share with the public his or her expertise about psychiatric issues in general . However , it is unethical for a psychiatrist to offer a professional opinion unless he or she has conducted an examination and has been granted proper authorization for such a statement . ”
There is no rule I have ever been happier to have been accused of violating than this one when I published
the first 7 chapters of my book , “ The Unauthorized Psychoanalysis of Rudolph Giuliani ” in the Amsterdam News and the Daily Challenge newspaper in the seven weeks between March 28 , 2000 and May 12 , 2000 . That is , I have never been happier until now . My latest unauthorized psychoanalysis is “ The Unauthorized Psychoanalysis of Donald Trump ” .
Weak Disclaimer
As in the case of my first unauthorized psychoanalysis , this book is obviously just my personal opinion , no matter how professionally it is rendered . It is my opinion about a man many other professionals have already labeled as narcissistic , sociopathic or just plain crazy and dangerous . In the case of Donald Trump , some of the brightest lights in white American Psychiatry and psychology have already gone on record labeling Trump as ill .
Psychologist John Gartner , who taught psychology for 28 years at Johns Hopkins University , began his article published in USA Today with the words , “ If you take President Trump 's words literally , you have no choice but to conclude that he is psychotic ” .
In a letter to President Obama , Judith Hermann , M.D. , a Professor of Clinical Psychiatry at Harvard University Medical School who is also the author of the former NY Times best-seller “ Trauma and Recovery ” ; Nanette Gartrell , M.D. , a former member of the faculty of Harvard University and Dianne Mosbacher , M.D. , Ph.D. wrote , among other things , that Trump 's “ widely reported symptoms of mental instability — including grandiosity , impulsivity , hypersensitivity to slights or criticism , and an apparent inability to distinguish between fantasy and reality — lead us to question his fitness for the immense responsibilities of the office ( of President of the United States ) ” . These psychiatrists went on to recommend that Mr. Trump “ receive a full medical and neuropsychiatric evaluation by an impartial team of investigators ” .
Never Mention Fake Hair in a Psychiatric Report
So the purpose of my book , deliberately overstated as a “ psychoanalysis ” , albeit “ unauthorized ” , is to offer a Black psychiatric perspective on a man who , if the U.S. was a hospital , could in the manner of Hair Club CEO Matt Heinz , boast that , “ I am not just the CEO , I am a patient ” .
The perspective of this psychoanalysis has to be different from the above-mentioned doctors because I am ( identifiably ) a descendant , not of American but of African people who were held in chains ( enslaved ) by at least 18 former holders of that office . Until March of 2015 , the official logo of the A.P.A. , featured a picture of Dr. Benjamin Rush , a signer of the Declaration of Independence who is known as the father of American Psychiatry . Just to put the APA and their rules into perspective , consider this , Rush , considered a butcher by many of his colleagues , supported practices such as bloodletting and blistering as treatments , and wrote that Blacks suffered from a curable noncontagious form of leprosy called Negritude or Negroidism . He also wrote that Blacks do not feel pain as sharply as whites , a rationale that allowed other butchers such as J. Marion Sims , a former president of the American Medical Association , to do dozens of surgeries without the benefit of anesthesia on African women that he owned . So , quite naturally , it takes real pathology to cause me to distinguish Trump 's insanity from so many other presidents , be it of the AMA , APA or USA .
A Long Line of Sadistic Swindler Presidents
For an instance , George Washington once asked with these lofty words , “ How can we claim to be men of freedom while we willingly submit men to the chains based on a presumption of inferiority ? ” Yet , in spite of those words , Washington would twice ( annually ) move his enslaved African captives ( slaves ) back and forth from Pennsylvania to Virginia in order to avoid the Pennsylvania law that would require they be freed if they stayed in Pennsylvania more than 6 months in a row . Thomas Jefferson wrote in his “ Notes on the State of Virginia ” that Black people , whom he called Niggers in the same text , “ secrete less by the kidneys , and more by the glands of the skin , which gives them a very strong and disagreeable odor ” . Yet , the married Thomas Jefferson tolerated that alleged odor enough to clandestinely sire as many as 6 children by a Black woman named Sally Hemings that he owned . She was also , by the way , his wife 's “ half-sister ” . That 's right , his sister-in-law . The same Jefferson wrote and signed , along with Benjamin Rush , M.D. , that “ all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness ” . Yet , when Jefferson caught up to an African named Thomas Hubbard who had escaped Jefferson 's enslavement , Jefferson , in his own words , “ had him severely flogged in the presence of his old companions ” . Note , that is not just flogged but “ severely ” flogged .
So , in some respects , it seems that Donald Trump should have to stand his place in a line of those presidents needing psychoanalysis . Nevertheless , this book will show that Trump is a quick study in crazy , doing all that he can to work his way to the head of that line .
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder .
Minassian , 25 , dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit , showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court .
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10 .
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he 's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack .
His father , Vahe Minassian , was escorted out of the court by police officers .
NEW BRUNSWICK , N.J. ( AP ) - Gov . Phil Murphy on Monday got behind a prospective a 12-acre development project aimed at attracting new technology and other jobs to New Jersey .
The Democratic governor met with officials from Rutgers University , local and state government , private businesses and others at the university to support the project , called the Hub .
Murphy , who met privately with the group of leaders before he spoke to reporters , said the idea for the project goes back at least five years but what 's new is `` the will '' to push the project forward .
`` There needs to be a will to pull it together because the interests are quite disparate , and you need to be able to pull a lot of different and perspectives togethers , '' Murphy said .
The project fits with Murphy 's campaign promises to jump-start what he calls the state 's innovation economy , though there were few details on the project immediately available .
It 's not clear who exactly would fund the project , but the governor said there 's broad support in the state and that he hopes the federal government will help finance the effort .
New Brunswick Mayor Jim Cahill , also a Democrat , said a four-acre portion of the project is `` shovel-ready '' and set to be located near the city 's train station , along the corridor connecting New York to Philadelphia .
Democratic Assembly Speaker Craig Coughlin also attended the event and said he plans to introduce legislation but did n't give any details .
In addition to state and local elected officials , Rutgers President Robert Barchi and RWJ Barnabas Health President Barry Ostrowsky also attended the event and sounded supportive .
Barchi said Murphy is the `` catalyst '' for getting the project kick-started .
Murphy also said later that the New Jersey Economic Development Authority will begin a planning and implementation study of the project . He said the authority is expected to identify partners for the Hub .
Hungary has quietly closed its borders to nearly all asylum seekers , which human rights advocates say violates international laws and is stranding thousands of refugee families in Serbia .
NPR interviewed asylum seekers , refugee advocates and a lawyer all with direct knowledge of the near closure and the resulting panic and despair . They report that since Jan. 22 , Hungary is allowing only one asylum seeker per day to cross from Serbia into each of its two `` transit zones . ''
The widely criticized zones – surrounded by barbed wire and dotted with shipping containers configured into living space — are the only places asylum seekers entering Hungary are allowed to go unless they already have refugee status from another EU country . U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi last September likened the transit zones to detention centers and called on Hungary to improve access for asylum seekers .
Now , access is reduced to two people per day . Critics of Hungarian refugee policy say what the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban and his ruling Fidesz Party is trying to do is boost approval ratings before parliamentary elections on April 8 . They 've adopted an anti-refugee platform that 's been shaken by the recent revelation that Hungarian authorities approved twice as many asylum applications in 2017 than the year before .
The near closure of the border `` is absolutely unbelievable , '' said Marta Pardavi , co-chair of the Hungarian Helsinki Committee . `` This means only unaccompanied minors or single men can get in – no families whatsoever . ''
Government denies imposing limits
The Hungarian government denies it is imposing any limit , but acknowledged few asylum seekers were entering the country as of late . At a weekly government press conference yesterday in Budapest , Janos Lazar , the head of the Hungarian prime minister 's office , said immigration authorities ca n't help it if asylum seekers do n't want to come .
`` There is no such rule that they can take in one daily , '' he said . `` But if there 's [ only ] one man standing there , why should 10 customs officer [ s ] sit there ? ''
His claim of few takers is improbable given there are thousands of people trying to get into Hungary at the moment from Serbia .
UNHCR last month reported 4,196 new refugees , asylum-seekers in migrants in Serbia , of whom only one in nine are looking to stay there .
The NPR team interviewed three Hungary-bound asylum seekers in Serbia Friday alone .
One Afghan man who was walking with his 2 ½-year-old daughter to buy milk at a grocery store in Subotica , a 20-minute drive from the Serbian border with Hungary , said he 's been waiting for four months at a refugee camp funded by Germany and that used to be a dog shelter .
`` Everyone is afraid ''
`` All of us here are in despair . We are ready to scream , we are so upset . Our fates are unclear , '' he said , asking we not identify him or his family after a Serbian police officer drove up and harassed him for talking to NPR . He , his young daughter and 12-year-old son are trying to reunite with his wife , who is an asylum seeker in Frankfurt and who has n't seen her children or husband in two years .
Fellow camp residents Sheerali Rezaie and his wife , Fatimeh , said they are at their wits ' end . Going back to their volatile province of Daykundi in Afghanistan is out of the question and they have no choice but to keep trying to get to Hungary , he said . The couple , who were taking their daily walk outside the compound , are also trying to get to Germany with their two sons . Their eldest son is 23 and living in Munich , where he 's applied for asylum , they said .
`` This camp is hell , '' Sheerali Rezaie said . `` The food is bad and there 's nothing for us here . ''
He said now that only two people are being allowed into Hungary , `` Everyone is afraid . We worry they 'll close the gates forever and say , 'good-bye , take off . ' ``
Decline in asylum seekers since September 2015
Timea Kovacs , a Hungarian lawyer who represents refugees in the transit zones , said she 's been bombarded with text messages and emails from asylum seekers stranded in Serbia since the near closure began .
They `` are very worried , '' especially the families , she said . `` Some of them were waiting there for more than one year . ''
She and the refugee advocates say the decline in the number of asylum seekers allowed into Hungary has been gradual since Budapest built its first fence in September 2015 to stem the flow of migrants crossing its formerly open border with Serbia .
Since then , the fence has been reinforced multiple times . It is a daunting barrier , outfitted with barbed wire , heat sensors , video cameras , and armed police patrols that quickly detect any attempted breech .
Kovacs says most asylum seekers now appear to accept the only way in is to enter the two transit zone camps outside the Hungarian border towns of Tompa and Roezske .
But those opportunities are dwindling . In 2016 , 60 asylum seekers total were allowed to enter each day into the Hungarian transit zones ; then it was reduced to 30 . Last year it was 10 , and now it 's two .
A marine search and rescue operation for two boys is currently underway off the coast of Ningaloo Station in Exmouth .
The search was launched after a 3m inflatable zodiac with two boys onboard , aged 12 and 18 , reportedly left South Lefroy Bay at about 4pm yesterday and failed to return at their intended time .
It is understood the boys intended to travel south or south-east inside the reef towards Norwegian Bay and return at 6pm .
The search effort is being coordinated by the Water Police in Fremantle with local assistance from the Exmouth Volunteer Marine Rescue , Department of Fisheries , Department of Transport , Parks and Wildlife Service and private vessels .
Volunteers are also assisting with a search of the shoreline and the Australian Maritime Safety Authority are supporting the search with a Challenger Jet aircraft .
More to come .
An investigation conducted by The Associated Press has shown that Rohingya Muslim women were victims of systematic rape by Myanmar 's military forces during the alleged government-backed `` ethnic purges '' in Rakhine State .
The violence against the minority group has forced many to flee to neighboring Bangladesh , and while the government of Myanmar denies reports of atrocities , the Rohignya women and girls share their stories of horrifying sexual assaults committed by Myanmar 's armed forces .
The survivors of `` methodical '' and `` sweeping '' rape told that they were brutally attacked by groups of servicemen . The report is based on the interviews of 29 women and girls , who agreed to be identified in the report only by their first initials , fearing the security forces would kill them or their families .
READ MORE : HRW Accuses Myanmar 's Soldiers of Systematically Raping Rohingya Women
Pramilla Patten , a UN envoy on sexual violence in conflict , who had a chance to speak to the victims , had previously said that the alleged atrocities against the Rohingya women and girls by the armed forces `` may amount to war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide . '' Patten said that sexual violence was a push force for more than 620,000 Rohingya to flee .
© AP Photo/ Dar Yasin Rohingya Muslims , who crossed over from Myanmar into Bangladesh , wait for their turn to receive food handouts distributed to children and women by a Turkish aid agency at Thaingkhali refugee camp , Bangladesh , Saturday , Oct. 21 , 2017
While the UN envoy blamed the military for having `` commanded , orchestrated , condoned and perpetrated '' that type of violence , Myanmar 's officials have denied rape allegations and instead accused Rohingya women of lying about being raped .
READ MORE : 'Elements of Genocide ' Can not Be Ruled Out in Myanmar — UN Human Rights Chief
The testimonies , revealed by The Associated Press , backed the UN 's stance that Myanmar 's security forces are using sexual violence as a `` calculated tool of terror '' in their pursuit of Rohingya `` ethnic cleansing . ''
© REUTERS/ Simon Lewis Rohingya villagers watch as international media visit Maung Hna Ma village , Buthidaung township , northern Rakhine state , Myanmar July 14 , 2017 .
Rohignya Muslims remain the most persecuted minority group in the Buddhist country . The conflict between Myanmar 's armed forces and Rohignya militants in Rakhine state intensified on August 25 , 2017 , when Muslim insurgents attacked security posts in the state . The attack resulted in clashes , the deaths of hundreds of Rohignya and probably the world 's fastest growing refugee crisis .
READ MORE : UN Security Council Condemns Myanmar Rights Abuses By Security Forces
PITTSYLVANIA COUNTY , Va. - State police say a school bus driver failed to yield the right of way while making a left turn on Tuesday morning .
John Paterson , 83 , of Danville , who was driving the bus , was wearing his seatbelt and was not injured .
Police have charged him with failing to yield the right of way while making the left turn from Oakland Drive onto Mount Cross Road .
The school bus was carrying 18 juveniles , 8 of which were transported to SOVAH Hospital in Danville for non-life threatening injuries .
The 1992 Toyota was driven by a 17-year-old boy , who police say was wearing his seatbelt and was transported to SOVAH Hospital for injuries received in the crash .
His passenger , a 15-year-old boy was also wearing his seatbelt and was transported to SOVAH in Danville .
The crash remains under investigation
Just before 8 a.m. Tuesday , Pittsylvania County school bus 22 , loaded with 18 Tunstall Middle and High School students on their way to school , collided with a small black pickup truck .
Jeanette Yacks and others who live near the intersection of Mt . Cross Road and Oakland Drive where the crash happened say a stop light at the intersection would be nice .
`` Or at least a caution light . There 's been several accidents in this area . A lot of people speed through . Maybe some speed bumps or something to slow people down , '' Yacks said .
Yacks was sitting in her living room Tuesday morning when the crash happened .
`` ( I ) heard what I thought was a loud clap of thunder or a transformer exploding , '' Yacks said .
She looked at the weather report on her phone and saw that there was no thunderstorm in the area , so she looked outside .
`` It was quite a mess . Had the truck in the middle of the road , the bus on the side , and ( I was ) just praying everybody was safe , '' Yacks said .
Pittsylvania County Public Schools ' transportation director Kenyon Scott said the school district works with VDOT and law enforcement to look into concerns residents have about any stretch of road .
`` I am not aware of any data that exists that indicates that this particular intersection is particularly dangerous , '' Scott said .
Early Tuesday afternoon , state police were still investigating exactly what happened .
Scott would not say if the bus driver will be allowed to continue to drive busses while the investigation is ongoing or what will happen if the bus driver is charged .
`` That 's a personnel matter that I 'm really not at liberty to discuss , '' Scott said .
His response was the same when 10 News asked how long the driver has been with the district and if the driver or bus 22 has been in any accidents before .
Scott said a letter with the school district 's official statement was scheduled to be sent home with students Tuesday .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
FILE - In this Jan 17 , 2018 file photo then German Finance Minister Peter Altmaier attends a news conference in Berlin . Germanyâ€™s new economy minister is heading to Washington with the message that American tariffs on European steel and aluminum could prompt a trade war , which would be in nobodyâ€™s interest . Before leaving Sunday March 18 , 2018 , Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told ARD television he wanted to prevent a â€œspiralâ€� of measures and countermeasures . ( AP Photo/Markus Schreiber )
FILE - In this Jan 17 , 2018 file photo then German Finance Minister Peter Altmaier attends a news conference in Berlin . Germanyâ€™s new economy minister is heading to Washington with the message that American tariffs on European steel and aluminum could prompt a trade war , which would be in nobodyâ€™s interest . Before leaving Sunday March 18 , 2018 , Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told ARD television he wanted to prevent a â€œspiralâ€� of measures and countermeasures . ( AP Photo/Markus Schreiber )
BERLIN ( AP ) - Germany 's economy minister is heading to Washington with the message that American tariffs on European steel and aluminum could prompt a trade war , which would be in nobody 's interest .
Before leaving Sunday , Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told ARD television he wanted to prevent a `` spiral '' of measures and countermeasures .
He says `` I do n't want a trade war to develop between Europe and the USA . ''
The European Union has already published a list of American products it plans to tax if it is not exempted from the tariffs announced by President Donald Trump .
The EU says it follows fair trade practices and the problem is with China 's overproduction .
Altmaier said Germany and the U.S. should both be able to produce steel competitively without others selling it at `` dumping prices . ''
The City of Greater Geraldton has announced a harvest and vehicle ban for the Geraldton and Greenough area , excluding Mullewa , until 2pm today .
The ban restricts the movement of farming equipment and vehicles around paddocks due to the risk of fire .
Geraldton is expecting a scorching top temperature of 40 degrees today according to the Bureau of Meteorology .
The fire danger index is currently at 45 and will be reviewed at 1.30pm .
Right from the beginning , starting with the Declaration of Independence , there are those ringing words : “ We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal . . . ” That certainly was n't the truth .
If those “ truths ” were so self-evident , then why is it that no country in the history of humankind up to that point deemed its people all to be born equal ? Not even the signers of the Declaration of Independence thought that it was “ self-evident. ” They were fighting against the most powerful country in the world and the reigning zeitgeist , which saw men as inherently unfree , precisely because it was not “ self-evident ” that human kind ought to be free .
What our founders were doing was so radical , so unprecedented and so frightening a proposition that they created a myth about what they were proclaiming — they said that it was no big deal at all . It was “ self-evident. ” Half of the signers of the Declaration of Independence held or had held slaves . They knew that it was not “ self-evident ” that all men were equal , but what made this country unique was that its leaders , its dreamers , hitched their talents to the plow that was creating furrows to plant the seeds of good myths into our soil .
Another “ good myth ” spun by our founders was written by George Washington to Irish immigrants in New York : “ The bosom of America is open to receive not only the Opulent and respected Stranger , but the oppressed and persecuted of all Nations and Religions ; whom we shall welcome to a participation of all our rights and privileges. ” Shortly after he wrote these words , the first Alien Naturalization Act was passed , limiting naturalization to “ free white persons. ” The first “ immigrants here illegally ” were the 50,000 slaves smuggled into the United States after Congress , in 1808 , prohibited the slave trade . It took the Civil War and an amended Constitution to grant them “ amnesty . ”
After the Civil War , we embarked on a course of nativism and “ Know Nothing ” politics when we rejected poor and persecuted Catholic and Jewish immigrants . The myth of our “ worldwide welcome ” was tested during the age of mass European migration from 1850 to 1914 . The New York Times quoted a sentiment held by many Americans during that time : “ Europe is vomiting ! The scum is coming to our shores. ” That was a time when the “ swarthy Italian criminals , ” and “ the lazy drunken Irish ” were said to be part of the “ horde of $ 9.60 steerage slime ( which ) is being siphoned upon us . ”
That kind of thinking led to the passage of the Immigration Quota Act of 1924 , which sharply decreased immigration from parts of Europe and countries with Roman Catholic majorities . Many Jews seeking escape from the Holocaust were denied entry and were consigned to their death .
Now we cast off those persons hailing from certain Muslim countries or those fleeing mob violence . We resort to separating mothers from their children to discourage their coming to our land , and the “ Know Nothing ” rhetoric is revived by our being told that if we do n't keep those asylum seekers out of our country , we will fall victim to their crimes . This is a demagogic logic unworthy of America .
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
In 1835 , Alexis de Tocqueville wrote about his observations of America and Americans . He did not admire us very much as a people , but was struck by our aspirations as well as our myths and our dreams . “ America is great because she is good , ” he said , “ and if America ever ceases to be good , she will cease to be great . ”
We should reflect on that as we celebrate this Independence Day .
Sol Wachtler , a former chief judge of New York State , is distinguished adjunct professor at Touro Law School .
WAILUKU , Hawaii ( AP ) - With New Year 's around the corner , Maui residents are complaining over social media about loud booms in their neighborhoods , which are irritating residents and frightening children and pets .
The Maui News reports local residents are calling for a stop to illegal launching of fireworks .
Maui police spokesman Lt. Gregg Okamoto says it is going to take the entire community to help police crack down on illegal fireworks .
But Okamoto says `` officers need to witness the violation in order to issue citations . ''
Fire officials , too , say they need to view the violation in order to bring charges .
Fire Services Chief Edward Taomoto say people need to report their neighbors if they witness illegal fireworks on their street or report people who are selling or importing illegal fireworks to police .
Information from : The Maui News , http : //www.mauinews.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Southeast Division W L Pct GB Washington 14 12 .538 — Miami 12 13 .480 1½ Orlando 11 17 .393 4 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ Central Division W L Pct GB Cleveland 19 8 .704 — Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 Indiana 15 11 .577 3½ Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ Chicago 5 20 .200 13 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 Northwest Division W L Pct GB Minnesota 15 11 .577 — Denver 14 11 .560 ½ Portland 13 12 .520 1½ Utah 13 14 .481 2½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 2½ Pacific Division W L Pct GB Golden State 21 6 .778 — L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto 102 , Sacramento 87
Boston 91 , Detroit 81
Denver at Indiana , 5 p.m .
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Hong Kong 's central bank raises base rate 25 basis points after Fed hike
HONG KONG , June 15 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Thursday raised the base rate charged through its overnight discount window by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent .
4 Search For A Hidden Waterfall
There are plenty of waterfalls on Bali , but the ones closer to Ubud and other tourist epicenters are going to be mobbed with people . Instead , drive up north to Nungnung Waterfall . You 'll pass through a dozen or so tiny villages on the way , and the hike down from the carpark into the waterfall 's gorge is truly a transporting experience . Go first thing in the morning and you may very well not encounter a single other Westerner on your way .
The worsening deficit picture comes as Congress digs into its pockets for tens of billions of dollars more for hurricane relief . Lawmakers also are working toward a round of tax cuts that could add $ 1.5 trillion in debt over 10 years on top of already grim projections .
New Delhi : A drawing on the walls of Isaac Newton 's childhood home has been discovered and scientists believe that it was drawn by the celebrated British scientist as a young boy .
Using cutting-edge light technology , researchers discovered a picture of a windmill next to the fireplace in the 17th-century manor 's downstairs Hall .
The sketch is thought to have been inspired by the building of a mill nearby during Newton 's childhood .
The discovery has shed new light on the life of the scientist at Woolsthorpe Manor in Lincolnshire , where he was born the son of a yeoman farmer in 1642 , and where he returned in 1665 at the peak of his scientific studies .
It was here that Newton undertook his crucial experiment – splitting white light using a prism – and observed an apple fall from a tree , inspiring his law of universal gravitation .
Using Reflectance Transformation Imaging ( RTI ) , a technique that uses light to capture the shape and colour of a surface not visible to the naked eye , Chris Pickup from Nottingham Trent University in the UK was able to survey the walls of the manor in painstaking detail to discover this previously unseen wall drawing , believed to have been carved into the wall around 350 years ago .
`` It 's amazing to be using light , which Newton understood better than anyone before him , to discover more about his time at Woolsthorpe , '' said Pickup .
`` I hope that by using this technique we 're able to find out more about Newton as man and boy and shine a light on how his extraordinary mind worked , '' he said .
Newton was well-known to sketch and make notes on his walls as he developed his scientific and mechanical knowledge .
Several sketches , thought to be his , had previously been uncovered by tenants removing old wallpaper in the 1920s and 30s .
`` The young Newton was fascinated by mechanical objects and the forces that made them work . Paper was expensive , and the walls of the house would have been repainted regularly , so using them as a sketchpad as he explored the world around him would have made sense , '' said Jim Grevatte , Illuminating Newton Programme Manager at Woolsthorpe Manor .
`` This discovery could be just the tip of the iceberg in terms of the drawings waiting to be uncovered , and it is fitting that we are using cutting edge science inspired by Newton 's work to reveal more about his childhood and his thinking , '' said Grevatte .
( With PTI inputs )
The mother of a former Hofstra guard and G League basketball player , who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game , has filed a federal lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence .
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive , a G League affiliate of the Pistons . He collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York . The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants , along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena . Jewel Upshaw , the player 's mother , is the plaintiff , both individually and on behalf of Zeke Upshaw 's estate .
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion . “ Remarkably , for much longer than four full minutes , no cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) was initiated , no chest compressions were started , no oxygen mask was placed on his nose and mouth , no airway was cleared and secured , and no defibrillator sensors and electric delivery patches were attached and secured to Zeke 's chest , ” the suit says .
“ The NBA family continues to mourn the tragic passing of Zeke Upshaw , ” NBA spokesman Mike Bass said . “ We received a copy of the complaint and are reviewing it . ”
n Clifford new Magic coach
Steve Clifford was there the last time the Orlando Magic were a playoff contender . He 's being asked to make them one again .
Clifford was announced Wednesday as the new coach of the Magic , a team that has missed the playoffs in each of the last six years . Clifford , who spent the last five seasons as coach of the Charlotte Hornets , was an assistant coach on Stan Van Gundy 's Magic staff for five years , including during the team 's most recent playoff run in 2012 . “ I 've had 18 great years in this league and I 've enjoyed every year , but none more than the five years here , ” Clifford said .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Magic president Jeff Weltman said the team used a “ deliberate approach ” and took its time , but insisted that the franchise made the right hire.— AP
Iran 's top diplomat warned the Trump administration on Tuesday that a U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises , telling The Associated Press that Iran would `` most likely '' abandon the deal as well .
In a wide-ranging interview , Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said his country would no longer be bound by international obligations imposed as part of the landmark 2015 accord , freeing up Iran to resume enrichment far beyond the deal 's strict limits . He said any move by President Donald Trump to re-impose sanctions lifted under the deal would `` amount to basically killing the deal . ''
`` If the United States were to withdraw from the nuclear deal , the immediate consequence in all likelihood would be that Iran would reciprocate and withdraw , '' Zarif said . He added : `` There wo n't be any deal for Iran to stay in . ''
As Trump prepares for a high-stakes summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un aimed at resolving nuclear weapons concerns , Zarif emphasized that U.S. credibility was at stake . He said Iran would welcome lower tensions on the Korean Peninsula , but that Trump was showing the world that the United States is `` not a trustworthy , reliable negotiating partner . ''
`` They 're prepared to take everything that you 've given , then renege on the promises that they have made in the deal , '' Zarif said . `` That makes the United States a rather unlikely partner in any international agreement . ''
Iran has been working feverishly to frame Trump 's expected withdrawal as a major blot on the United States , just as America 's closest allies in Europe try to persuade the president not to rip it up . As Zarif spoke in New York on Tuesday , Trump was meeting at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron , who has been leading an effort by France , Britain and Germany to find `` fixes '' to the deal that would satisfy Trump 's objections .
Few expect such a solution can be found by May 12 , the date on which Trump has said he 'll leave the deal if there 's no fix agreed to with the Europeans . U.S. and European officials say they 've made major progress on two of Trump 's demands — on nuclear inspections and Iran 's ballistic missiles program . But talks have stalemated on Trump 's third demand : that the deal be extended in perpetuity , rather than letting restrictions on Tehran to `` sunset '' after several years .
`` No one knows what I 'm going to do on the 12th , although Mr. President , you have a pretty good idea , '' Trump said , referring to Macron . He said if he does withdraw , he would look to see `` if it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations , because this is a deal with decayed foundations . ''
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
In a bleak warning to Tehran , Trump added that if Iran ever threatens the United States , `` they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid . ''
Iran has outright rejected any changes to the deal , arguing that it 's unfair to impose more demands beyond what Tehran agreed to already . Trump 's strategy relies on the assumption that if the United States and the Europeans unilaterally agree to new demands , Iran will back down and voluntarily comply in order to continue enjoying the benefits . Under the 2015 deal brokered by President Barack Obama and world powers , Iran agreed to nuclear restrictions in exchange for billions in sanctions relief .
And even if a so-called add-on deal with the Europeans is achieved , there is no guarantee it will satisfy Trump . His closest aides have said they ca n't predict with certainty what conditions would be enough to keep him in the pact .
Iran has long insisted its nuclear program was peaceful and not oriented toward building weapons . Yet in the interview , Zarif suggested that those concerned that Tehran was racing toward a bomb would have much more to fear if it were no longer bound by limits on its enrichment and processing .
`` It would be a completely different situation , from the perspective of those who made a lot of noise about Iran 's nuclear program to begin with , '' he said .
He also pointed out that if Trump upends the nuclear deal , Iran could also choose to leave the global Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , which is aimed at stopping the spread of nuclear weapons . Iran signed that treaty decades ago , and though Zarif said Iran 's government is n't advocating an exit , it is `` one of the options that is being advocated by some '' in Iran .
Zarif spoke to the AP at the official residence of Iran 's ambassador to the U.N. , alongside Central Park . The top Iranian diplomat is in the United States this week on a long-shot bid to try to salvage the deal , while laying the groundwork for the United States to bear the blame on the global stage if Trump ultimately pulls out .
Addressing the conflict in Yemen , he said Iran is urging `` everybody '' to stop attacking civilian areas — including the Houthis . The Iran-backed Shiite rebels control much of Yemen and have been lobbing missiles at Saudi Arabia , which is leading a coalition fighting the Houthis with support from the United States .
The United States and others insist that Iran is illicitly funneling missiles and other weapons to the Houthis , a charge that Tehran has repeatedly denied . U.S . Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley has paraded missile parts ostensibly recovered in Saudi Arabia in front of reporters and U.N. Security Council diplomats , arguing that they bear markings and other characteristics proving their Iranian origin .
`` I 'm not saying Ambassador Haley is fabricating , but somebody is fabricating the evidence she is showing , '' Zarif said .
As Trump pushes to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria as soon as possible , Zarif gave no signs that Iran plans to do the same . The Iranian military advisers and Iran-backed Shiite militias aiding Syrian President Bashar Assad are a profound concern for the United States and its closest Mideast ally , Israel .
`` We are there as long as that objective needs our presence , and as long as the Syrian government asks us to be there , '' Zarif said .
Posted by admin on February 2 , 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Joe Dunne said that he ca n't see his team playing any other way than attacking ahead of their trip to Morecambe .
It was another impressive attacking performance at the weekend against Cheltenham , resulting in a 4-3 victory with Barry Corr coming off the bench to score the winner for the second week in a row .
The game also presented a turnaround from Exeter where , despite playing some lovely football , they were unable to see the match out on a similarly topsy-turvy afternoon .
And the interim head coach said that it was important that he builds the creative players in the team a platform to be able to express themselves .
“ I think with the players we 've got , I ca n't see us playing any other way , ” he said .
“ I think it goes back to the earlier questions about young players and talented young people and you need to put them into situations where they can express themselves .
“ There will be times like in the first half against Stevenage where there has to be knowledge of the game and game understanding and game understanding is a key thing for young players and any kind of player .
“ But now you get the opportunity for them to realise their potential and do what they do best , I think we 've seen the Crawley game , the Exeter game when were on the flip side of that the other home game , the game on Saturday [ against Cheltenham ] , we 've seen some exciting , attacking play .
`` Even in the second half against Stevenage , and we 'll go to Morecambe with the same intent and we 'll get to Newport with the same intent . ''
Their opponent 's defeat at the weekend has left them just four points above relegation zone , with this their game in hand after last month 's late postponement .
And while Dunne said that the game plan from that day has been altered given player availability and the Shrimps ' position in the league , he said that his side will still go there and , as with every other match , try to win .
“ I 've got great respect for Morecambe , ” the interim head coach said .
“ Obviously the result the other day did n't go their way which changes the emphasis for them , but I think from a club point of view and a management and staff point of view , they want to win the game tomorrow evening .
“ They 're a tough team , they 're a tough cookie to break down and we 've experienced that both there and at home so it 's going to be difficult but we have to go there with the right intention to win . ”
He continued : “ I think the circumstances [ are different ] .
“ The emotions of the game are probably slightly different based on where the league table suggests that both teams are so we want points as much as they want the points as we can take a step further up the table if you like , so it 's important to us and that 's what our goal is between now and the end of the season , to win as many games as possible . ”
And should the U 's manage to get some positive results out of the next few games then a top-10 finish is very much within their reach , but Dunne said that they will just focus on what 's going on at the pitch and see where they end up .
“ We 've always tried to approach it every game as we can to deal with every game as we can , ” he said .
“ We saw the intensity and emotions of Saturday , I think it drained all of us .
“ We play the 90 minutes as intense as we can then at the end of it check where you are and what you 're doing and that 's the main thing [ against Morecambe ] . ”
TUPPERS PLAINS , Ohio — It took a couple of innings , but once the Eagle bats woke up , there was no slowing them down .
The Eastern baseball team trailed 2-0 , two innings into Monday night 's Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division showdown with visiting Trimble . The Eagles kicked it in to gear , scoring in each of their remaining innings to earn the 8-5 victory .
The Tomcats ( 4-5 , 2-3 TVC Hocking ) took their 2-0 lead in the top of the first inning , when Richards scored on a balk and Hooper was singled home by Wright .
With two outs in the bottom of the third inning , the Eagles ( 7-3 , 6-2 ) finally broke through and tied the game at two , as Ethen Richmond singled home both Austin Coleman and Kaleb Hill . EHS took the lead on the very next pitch , when Josh Brewer singled home Richmond .
Trimble regained the advantage in the top of the fourth , however , as Hooper singled home both Naqucki and Curry .
The Eagles took the lead for good with two outs in the bottom of the fourth , when Hill doubled home Coleman and Ryan Lauer .
Eastern extended its lead to 6-4 in the bottom of the fifth , when Josh Brewer singled , stole two bases , and then scored on an error .
The Eagle lead was stretched to a game-high four runs , at 8-4 , in the bottom of the sixth inning , when Richmond singled home Coleman and Colton Reynolds .
Trimble loaded the bases with no outs in the top of the seventh , but Coleman struck out back-to-back batters . The Tomcats pushed one run home on a hit batter , but Coleman struck out the potential go-ahead run to seal the 8-5 victory .
The win in the record book went to Richmond , who struck out four batters and allowed four runs on eight hits and two walks , in four innings . Coleman struck out eight batters in total and earned the save in three innings of relief , allowing just one run on two hits , one walk and one hit batter .
Brooks suffered the loss for Trimble , pitching 1.1 innings in relief and allowing two runs on four hits and a walk .
Brewer led the Eagle offense with a 3-for-4 day , including one run scored and one run batted in . Hill was 2-for-3 with two doubles , one run scored and two RBIs , Coleman was 2-for-3 with one double and three runs scored , while Richmond was 2-for-4 with one run scored and a game-best four RBIs .
John Little , Nate Durst and Wyatt Watson each singled once for the victors , while Lauer and Reynolds both scored once .
Curry , Richards and Naqucki each had two hits to lead Trimble , with Richards scoring a team-high two runs .
Trimble committed three errors and left nine runners on base , while Eastern did n't commit an error and stranded seven runners .
These teams are scheduled to meet again on Thursday , in Glouster .
After a trip to Federal Hocking on Tuesday , Eastern will be back at home on Wednesday at 4:30 , when Wahama visits Meigs County .
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2100 .
Eastern junior Josh Brewer slides safely into home plate , during the Eagles ' 8-5 win over Trimble , on Monday in Tuppers Plains . http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-EHS-Brewer.jpg Eastern junior Josh Brewer slides safely into home plate , during the Eagles ' 8-5 win over Trimble , on Monday in Tuppers Plains . Alex Hawley/OVP Sports Eastern sophomore Ryan Lauer scores as a pinch runner in the bottom of the fourth inning . ( Alex Hawley/OVP Sports ) http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-wo-EHS-Lauer.jpg Eastern sophomore Ryan Lauer scores as a pinch runner in the bottom of the fourth inning . ( Alex Hawley/OVP Sports ) Alex Hawley/OVP Sports Eastern junior Kaleb Hill blasts a two-run , go-ahead double during the Eagles ' 8-5 win over Trimble . ( Alex Hawley/OVP Sports ) http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-wo-EHS-Hill.jpg Eastern junior Kaleb Hill blasts a two-run , go-ahead double during the Eagles ' 8-5 win over Trimble . ( Alex Hawley/OVP Sports ) Alex Hawley/OVP Sports Eastern junior Owen Arix ( 5 ) throws to first base during the Eagles ' win over THS , on Monday . ( Alex Hawley/OVP Sports ) http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-wo-EHS-Arix.jpg Eastern junior Owen Arix ( 5 ) throws to first base during the Eagles ' win over THS , on Monday . ( Alex Hawley/OVP Sports ) Alex Hawley/OVP Sports
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Fire crews in Wichita are being credited with saving a stuck puppy .
According to a social media report , a caller to Firehouse 22 in Wichita asked for assistance in a pet related matter .
Both Engine 22 & Squad 2 responded with their Battalion Chief . On scene fire crews found a small puppy had its head stuck through a wheel and the residents could not get it removed .
Firehouse 22 saved a puppy whose head was stuck in a wheel . The puppy was safely removed & returned to the homeowner . # PuppyRescue pic.twitter.com/1XYafctoY4 — WichitaFireDept ( @ WichitaFireDept ) August 14 , 2017
WFD members went to work to assess the situation . Members worked together to see if they could manipulate the wheel off the puppy 's head .
E22 members prepared a water & soap mixture to help with the process . The puppy was safely removed and returned to the homeowner .
Singer , actor , and activist Harry Belafonte is set to speak at the University of Oklahoma Thursday night , but the Oklahoma Council of Public Affairs calls him a radical leftist and wants to know why he 's speaking .
Now , Belafonte is known for his singing but throughout his career he became a well-known , civil rights activist . He was friends with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and played major roles in the civil rights movement . Belafonte also won Tony and Emmy awards for his work as a singer and actor .
OCPA president Jonathon Small released a statement in response to Belafonte 's `` public discussion '' at OU .
Harry Belafonte recently described the presidency of Donald Trump as `` the Fourth Reich . '' At a time when Oklahoma 's higher education system is asking for increased government subsidies , and when privately raised funds could be used for noble purposes such as reducing tuition costs , why would the state 's flagship university choose to stick a thumb in the eye of the 65 percent of Oklahomans who voted for Mr. Trump ? Is OU 's guest suggesting that 65 percent of Oklahomans are essentially Nazis ? Mr. Belafonte is a radical leftist who has praised Fidel Castro , Hugo Chavez , and Cold War spies Ethel and Julius Rosenberg . He has suggested that black Republicans such as Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice are race traitors or house slaves . As a black Oklahoman who has worked in Oklahoma City public schools , who helped create an organization that will give millions of scholarship dollars to needy Oklahoma students , and who runs an organization that fights every day for the most vulnerable among us , I find it offensive that President David Boren and the University of Oklahoma are going to such great lengths to promote someone who refers to people like me as house slaves . Though Mr. Belafonte has every right to speak on campus , taxpayers have every right to wonder why so many tax-funded administrators and faculty give preferential treatment to the cultural Left and why prominent black conservatives do n't receive equal billing .
In the past , OU President David Boren has eloquently reminded all Americans of our responsibility to protect the human rights of all people . just before noon on Thursday , Boren released the following statement on Belafonte 's presence :
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Commuters will face a second bout of motoring misery at a major Gloucester junction when 16-week-long roadwork project starts on Monday .
Three years after work was done at the Over Roundabout to improve capacity along the A40 , the same junction will see more work done from next week .
The Over Roundabout intersects the A417 and the A40 and is one of the busiest sections outside Gloucester and along the road to the north and west of the county and Wales .
Queues regularly stretch back along the A40 to the Longford Roundabout during rush hour causing ten-minute delays as people struggle to enter what is described as “ a primary point of entry into the city of Gloucester ” .
Most of the work will be done off-peak , from 9.30am to 3.30pm , but there will be some overnight closures too to allow construction workers to do their job safely with diversions , one as long as 14 miles .
Residents living nearby can also expect to suffer noise from the works which include drilling hundreds of 16-metre long metal poles into the ground in order to support the road .
Contractors Britannia Construction have been appointed to carry out the project , which has been funded to the tune of £2.35million on behalf of Gloucestershire County Council .
When the work is complete motorists will gain a third lane when they approach the busy junction from the east and the north , while there will also be a third lane on the roundabout itself .
Project manager for Britannia Construction , Christian Chambers , said the overall aim of the scheme is to “ reduce queues and delays on the A40 ‘ east-west ' and A417 ‘ north-south ' approaches through A40 Over roundabout ” .
In 2015 roads authority Highways England improved the roundabout as part of a previous scheme .
The county are in charge of this scheme and Britannia say that combining the two schemes would have “ caused considerable disruption on every arm of the roundabout , effectively closing the roundabout for long periods of time . ”
Britannia Construction say they “ recognise the importance of minimising the disruption this scheme could cause . ”
“ We currently envisage the main works will be substantially completed within seven months .
“ Our proposal is to undertake the on-carriageway works outside of the morning peak period , not permitting the contractor to have any lane closures on during this period ( 7am-9am ) , minimising the impact on journey times for rush hour traffic .
“ However , there will be occasions when either lane closures or full road closures will be necessary and may have to be kept in place through-out the day to ensure the safety of site staff .
“ Diversions routes around the site will be made available during these periods . ”
Two diversion routes through Gloucester or via Deerhurst have been put forward while two of the approaches to the roundabout are closed .
Charles Coats , a member of Highnam Parish Council said he was concerned that the project would not be completed by September .
“ We need to be assured that these works will be completed within the four-month contract , ” he said .
But he added : “ I think it will be an improvement . I welcome it , it 's overdue . I 'm concerned about the prospect for congestion though they wo n't be working during peak hours . ”
Mr Chambers promised that the work would be done on time and to budget .
“ We have got to look after people . At the end of the day , this is out home , Gloucestershire is important to us . But the road closures and the sheet piling , they have to be done . ”
He added : “ People are positive [ about the project ] . They understand that there 's going to be a bit of pain and disruption but that they 're looking forward to the end product . ”
What is the A40 Over Roundabout Improvement Scheme and where will the road be widened ?
It is expected that the scheme will reduce “ the long queues and delays often experienced ” during rush hour .
The main areas of widening will be on the A417 north arm from Maisemore and on the A40 east arm from Longford , on these approaches to the roundabout the number of lanes will be increased from two to three .
On the roundabout itself the number of lanes will be increased from two to three lanes .
Will there be road closures ?
Four teams totalling 25 workers will be helping to complete the project and working on the roundabout . The roundabout is not expected to be closed at any time but there will be closures on the approach to the roundabout from the east ( A40 ) , and from the north ( A417 ) . These will be from 8pm to 6am .
What are the diversion routes ?
To avoid using A40 east arm of the roundabout there is a diversion route which starts at the Longford roundabout , sending traffic south through Gloucester to re-join the roundabout on the A417 . This will add about six minutes on to your journey .
To avoid using the A417 north arm of the roundabout there is a diversion route which will start at Staunton sending traffic east along the B4213 towards the A38 at Deerhurst , then south on the A38 to re-join the A40 Tewkesbury Road roundabout . This will add about 22 minutes onto your journey .
TORONTO — Ontario 's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year , despite claims it has balanced the budget .
In a new report Monday , the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $ 4 billion deficit in 2017-2018 , and will continue to be in the red over the next few years .
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province 's Fair Hydro Plan , which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent , will take their toll on Ontario 's books the report notes . It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty .
“ We 've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge , ” said FAO chief economist David West . “ Now , with this accounting debate it will become more significant . ”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring , a year ahead of the provincial election , and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO , however , projects the government 's budget deficit will grow to $ 9.8 billion in 2021-2022 .
“ The government is out borrowing this money , ” West said . “ This current year they 're going to borrow $ 23 billion in the markets . That 's going to rise to $ 45 billion in the coming years . ”
The FAO also said the government 's new hydro plan will add $ 3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022 .
Last year Lysyk questioned the province 's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee 's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher 's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet .
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor 's recommended accounting for both the pension assets , and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan , it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government 's fiscal projections .
It 's pretty obvious from her signature red lipstick that Gwen Stefani is big on beauty — but now , she 's making it official .
The singer-actress-designer is the latest global ambassador for Revlon . It 's a long way from the Borghese counter at The Broadway in Anaheim , Calif. , where she spent some of her younger years testing out her makeup artistry skills on shoppers .
“ I was a makeup artist when I was in my early twenties at the mall , they never trained me , ” Stefani said . “ I worked behind the counter there for Borghese , which nobody bought because it was expensive , and Ultima II , which I think is actually owned by Revlon. ” ( It is . )
Her target was the shopper who was intimated by the other salespeople ( “ they purposely make you feel horrible , ” Stefani contends ) .
“ I 'd be like , ‘ Let me put some makeup on you , let me show you what you could look like , ' ” she said . “ I just remember making people feel so much joy and so inspired and so full of confidence , and that 's what makeup can do . ”
But Stefani was n't chosen for the Revlon gig for her makeup application skills , advanced as they may be .
“ Gwen will clearly appeal to makeup enthusiasts , ” said Benjamin Karsch , Revlon 's chief marketing officer . “ She 's known far and wide for her red lips , so that 's definitely part of the attractiveness as a brand ambassador for Revlon , but that 's really combined with who she is as a person and also her love story . ”
Karsch is referring to Stefani 's blossoming romance with Blake Shelton , one of her fellow mentors on NBC 's “ The Voice , ” following a public split from ex-husband Gavin Rossdale . She joins the ranks of Ciara , Halle Berry , Olivia Wilde and Alejandra Espinoza , who are also Revlon ambassadors .
“ They have this Choose Love campaign , which is full of choice and positivity and dreams and truth and I feel like that 's aligning exactly with where I 'm at in my personal life in the last couple of years and how I 've had to kind of choose love , choose truth , choose to be positive and work my way back to a place of using my gift and sharing my love with people , ” Stefani said .
“ From the very beginning of her career she inspired fans by sharing openly about her own love story and the importance of love in her life , ” Karsch continued . “ She 's been a model of female empowerment for many fans across the spectrum , and the way she shares her personal story fits very well with our brand positioning around Choose Love . ”
Stefani agreed wholeheartedly that she 's the right fit for the movement .
“ They 're so smart to pick me , ” she said . “ This campaign…is really where my heart is at . Not to mention my obsession with makeup for my whole life . ”
The job also had her playing with an entirely new set of products . “ For me , I get stuck in a routine , ” she said . “ Like , OK , this is what 's safe and this is how fast I can put this on before I 've got to go on the school run . ”
These days , brows are a primary focus . “ It 's so youthful to have a heavier brow , it makes it look so clean and so retro , ” Stefani said , adding she 's been using a Revlon brow pencil . “ If you 're using just powders and things like that you get home and half your eyebrow 's gone and you 're like , ‘ Oh well , that 's embarrassing . ' ”
Stefani 's makeup fascination took hold at a young age , when she watched her mom and grandma get ready . “ They had a look , ” she said . “ My mom did n't play — she put it together — she looked incredible . It was always a bright pink cheek and bright pink lip , that was like , my first inspiration of color on lip . ”
She also watched the girls in her class , she said . “ I grew up in Anaheim , Calif. , super heavy Hispanic [ population ] you know — a lot of girls , like Chola girls , that had unbelievable makeup…I would daydream and watch them in class putting their makeup on , as people do when they 're in class , and just be like , mesmerized , ” Stefani said . “ That had a huge influence on me . ”
After perfecting her cat eye — which she donned with a frosted pink lip — her paternal grandmother gifted her a lipstick set . “ I just remember being in my car…and trying on this burgundy lipstick and thinking to myself , ‘ Wow , that 's it . This is never going to not be on my lips again . ' ”
And that deep lip has stuck with her from the days of braces and No Doubt through to solo albums , ready-to-wear , accessories , cartoons ( she has one called “ Kuu Kuu Harajuku ” on Nickelodeon ) and the breakup that prompted her latest album , “ This Is What the Truth Feels Like , ” released in March .
“ When I went through all my personal tragedies in the past…music was the thing that was like my savior , ” Stefani said . “ Being on ‘ The Voice ' also was a thing that helped turn back on my light , I had lost a lot of confidence…Playing a different role in being a coach , and sitting there and watching everybody work so hard and make so much progress in such a short amount of time and having to think back to my own career and think of all the music I wrote , like , how did I do that ? ”
So she went back in the studio , writing most of her latest album in eight weeks and then embarking on a tour . “ Being on tour is like , a real exchange of love , ” Stefani said . “ You literally are giving all of yourself every night…everybody there was clearly connected to my story…it was just an incredible healing , amazing , mind-blowing experience . ”
But despite the positivity generated from her most recent tour , Stefani hesitated when asked about potential new music . “ I do n't know if I 'm going to do new music , I 'm definitely at the end of a chapter , ” she said . “ I did the tour , I know I 'm doing ‘ The Voice , ' we already started filming…I 'm doing the stuff in my fashion , but I have some dreams inside me and I know that I have some stuff brewing so we 'll see . ”
On the fashion scene , Stefani seems to have her finger on the pause button of her rtw collection and is focusing instead on products in more accessible price points , collaborating with Burton a handful of times for winter gear and debuting an optical collection in 2016 . “ Rtw does n't reach everyone , whereas when I do things through my brand that are accessories or now with the eyewear , it 's so fun to be able to reach everyone , ” Stefani said . “ It feels so good to not exclude people . ”
That being said , a future RTW collection is n't out of the question , she hinted . “ I definitely am working on a potential rtw collaboration , but it 's a little early to be talking about it . ”
Coated Glass Market Report by Product Type ( LOW-E Glass , Heat-Reflective ) by Application / End User ( Automotive Glass , Construction Industry , Solar Battery Module , Electronics ) by Industry Analysis , Volume , Share , Growth , Challenges , Trends and Forecast 2018–2026 .
This report studies the Coated Glass Market status and outlook of global and major regions , from angles of manufacturers , regions , product types and end industries ; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions , and splits the Coated Glass Coating Agent Market by product type and applications/end industries .
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Coated Glass ( excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer , distributor , wholesaler or traders ) . The percentage splits , Market shares , and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price . The regional splits of the overall Coated Glass Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country .
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/coated-glass-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources . The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry , including the government policy , Market environment , competitive landscape , historical data , present trends in the Market , technological innovation , upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry , and Market risks , opportunities , Market barriers and challenges .
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research . Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers ; whereas , primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff , directors , CEOs and Marketing executives . The percentage splits , Market shares , growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources .
Coated Glass Market : Product Type
• LOW-E Glass
• Heat-Reflective
Coated Glass Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Automotive Glass
• Construction Industry
• Solar Battery Module
• Electronics `
Access Full Report @ https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/coated-glass-market-report/
Contact Info :
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox @ profsharemarketresearch.com
Today
Caney at Whitesboro , 11 a.m .
Heavener and Smithville at Rattan Festival : At Rattan — Smithville vs. Colbert , 1:30 p.m. At Valliant — Smithville vs. Asher , 5:15 p.m. At Soper — Heavener JV vs. Hugo JV , 1:30 p.m. Heavener vs. Antlers , 2:45 p.m .
Tuesday
Heavener , Red Oak , Smithville and Whitesboro at Rattan Festival : At Rattan — Whitesboro vs. Rattan , 12:15 p.m. ; Red Oak vs. Stonewall , 1:30 p.m. ; Red Oak vs. Chandler , 4 p.m. ; Red Oak vs . Broken Bow , 6:30 p.m. At Fort Towson — Whitesboro vs. Konawa , 4 p.m. ; Whitesboro vs. Coalgate , 5:15 p.m. At Valliant — Heavener vs. Chandler , 1:30 p.m. ; Heavener vs. Valliant , 2:45 p.m .
Thursday-Friday
Red Oak Tournament , TBA [ The scheudle will be put on our sports page by Thursday ] .
NEW YORK — Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday , downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time .
Miki Sudo held onto her title as the top women 's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off , chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year .
`` I found a vicious rhythm , '' the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session . `` I was feeling good today . ''
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti , a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists did n't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates .
`` Frankly , the judging was just off , '' George Shea , the longtime Coney Island announcer , told The Associated Press . `` Joey said , 'look at my plates ' and Carmen said 'look at my plates . ' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74 . ''
Eric Gonzalez , the Brooklyn district attorney , certified the final tally and Chestnut 's record of 74 , two more than he consumed last year .
`` At the end of the day , Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs , broke a world record , '' said Cincotti , who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday . `` Apparently they were good dogs . ''
A total of $ 40,000 in prize money was up for grabs , with the first-place winners taking home $ 10,000 each .
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year , but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon , Arizona , who chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
Thousands of attendees , many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps , braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk . The outlandish tradition dates to 1972 , though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916 .
`` For as hard as he works , he does know how to cultivate real relationships , and I think that was really evident today . '' - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu 's 10th anniversary dinner . # wwdeye ( 📷 : @ joejoegrams )
During a recent non-district game against Southlake Carroll , junior guard Chris Rountree and the Arlington Martin boys basketball team showed how good they can be .
But the Warriors also showed they still have some work to do to maintain that high level throughout a game .
Martin held the high-scoring Dragons to half their season average . But the Warriors lost the home contest 41-36 after being outscored by four in the game 's final 70 seconds .
Rountree , a first-year varsity player , wants to make sure those close games go in Martin 's favor once the district season arrives .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
“ From a close loss like this , I can say we need to pull in and see what we could have done to stop them on our defensive side and how we could have made shots that were contested into easier shots , ” Rountree said .
It 's all the little things that end up being bigger things . DaCorian Hymond on being a “ glue guy ”
Rountree came off the bench to pour in six points in the first half . In the second half , he drilled a baseline 3-pointer to draw Martin to within a point with 1:10 to go .
“ He 's a difference-maker who can make things happen coming off the bench , ” senior swingman DaCorian Hymond said . “ It 's very important , because a lot of teams do n't have that . ”
Hymond is also a primary difference maker , as one of a young Martin squad 's most experienced leaders . At 6-foot-4 , he 's a fierce defender on the perimeter who can mix it up inside on offense and on the glass despite being smaller than many opposing forwards .
He 's also a strong voice in the locker room and on the court who helps makes sure the more inexperienced players are in position to succeed .
“ Having him back and the battles he 's gone through is huge for us , ” Martin coach Clint Schnell said . “ He 's a voice in the locker room , a voice encouraging the guys , coordinating and getting them in the right spots , defensively and offensively . ”
Hymond 's big on making those seemingly small plays — snagging a critical rebound , making an extra pass to give a teammate an easier shot — that can change the outcome of a close game .
“ It 's all the little things that end up being bigger things , ” Hymond said .
Rountree is one of those young players who has improved since the start of the season by following Hymond 's lead .
“ For a lot of players , this is their first year playing varsity , ” Rountree said . “ Once we 're able to gel that together and make it a team effort and not an ‘ I ' effort , we 're going to be hard to beat . ”
Martin 's already tough to beat in the view of Carroll coach Eric McDade .
“ I 'm glad it 's not a district game , ” McDade said . “ It 's fun to play them , and our district is tough . So that helps get us ready . Coach [ Schnell ] does a great job , and the guys are always prepared . It 's good to go up against a great program like this . ”
With high-energy players like Rountree and Hymond leading the way , Martin should be even tougher to beat as the season goes on .
“ We 're going to be very good once we get rolling , ” Hymond said . “ Everybody 's very coachable . ”
By The Associated Press
Buffalo 0 0 2 0—2 St. Louis 1 1 0 1—3
First Period_1 , St. Louis , Schenn 16 ( Edmundson , Steen ) , 0:40 . Penalties_Bortuzzo , STL , ( interference ) , 14:05 ; Falk , BUF , ( interference ) , 17:06 .
Second Period_2 , St. Louis , Stastny 7 ( Edmundson , Tarasenko ) , 16:17 . Penalties_Sundqvist , STL , ( tripping ) , 3:29 ; Falk , BUF , ( roughing ) , 6:43 ; Schenn , STL , served by Jaskin , ( roughing ) , 6:43 ; Schenn , STL , ( roughing ) , 6:43 ; McCabe , BUF , ( hooking ) , 12:12 ; Falk , BUF , ( hooking ) , 18:14 .
Third Period_3 , Buffalo , Rodrigues 1 ( Kane , Reinhart ) , 1:42 ( pp ) . 4 , Buffalo , Rodrigues 2 ( Scandella , O'Reilly ) , 18:33 . Penalties_Sobotka , STL , ( hooking ) , 0:54 .
Overtime_5 , St. Louis , Tarasenko 14 ( Stastny , Parayko ) , 4:24 . Penalties_None .
Shots on Goal_Buffalo 7-7-9-1_24 . St. Louis 16-9-16-4_45 .
Power-play opportunities_Buffalo 1 of 4 ; St. Louis 0 of 3 .
Goalies_Buffalo , Lehner 6-12-4 ( 45 shots-42 saves ) . St. Louis , Allen 17-6-2 ( 24-22 ) .
A_17,310 ( 19,150 ) . T_2:33 .
Referees_Eric Furlatt , Brad Watson . Linesmen_Devin Berg , Scott Cherrey .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Netflix ( Nasdaq : NFLX ) has had an incredible year .
The share price has surged a whopping 75 % , topping $ 350 a few days ago .
But our experts say the stock 's run is n't over yet !
As you can see on the chart above , Netflix recently traded in a wedge pattern , where the share price trades in a narrow range , either angled up or down .
During this phase , investors often jump in and place bets on which way the stock will break out .
Just the other day , shares broke out above the red resistance line on the chart .
This tells us to expect another sharp rally in the stock , and our experts say we could easily see a 30 % jump to cap off an already robust year for the stock .
© Chart provided by Today 's Profits . All rights reserved .
Beaux Tox is a self-sustaining dog with a smushed face , a 9-5 job , a sophisticated collection of ties and a heap of followers on Instagram . Jamie Hulit Courtesy
The first baby born on Vancouver Island in 2017 was born in Nanaimo .
Yiyi Chloe Wang was born at 2:09 on New Year 's Day and weighed in at 6 pounds .
The girl was born to Eric and Jane Wang at Nanaimo Regional General Hospital .
Stocks in the U.S. and Europe are sinking Tuesday following political turmoil in Italy , which stoked fears of instability in the euro bloc .
Investors dumped Italian government bonds , driving borrowing costs sharply higher for that country and rekindling fears of more financial strain for weaker European nations .
Meanwhile , prices for U.S. government bonds surged as investors shifted money into lower-risk investments .
The steep drop in U.S. bond yields is causing big losses for banks . Lower yields force interest rates down on mortgages and other kinds of loans , meaning thinner profits for financial institutions . Major exporters like technology and industrial companies are also falling .
The political upheaval in Italy is likely to lead to new elections in the coming months , and while it 's not clear if Italy would leave the euro , investors are interpreting the new vote as a referendum on Italy continuing to use the currency . That has major implications for the European financial system and its economy .
“ Eurozone membership will be at the forefront of the next election , ” said Alicia Levine , the head of global investment strategy at BNY Mellon Investment Management . “ Should Italy leave the eurozone , it 's clearly bad for European assets and it 's bad for the European banking system . ”
Investors sold stocks , especially companies that depend on strong sales outside the U.S. like technology and industrial companies and big drug and health care products makers . They bought government bonds in the U.S. as well as Germany and the U.K. That sent prices for those bonds higher and yields lower .
The S & P 500 index sank 41 points , or 1.5 percent , to 2,679 as of 3:30 p.m. Eastern time . The Dow Jones industrial average lost 470 points , or 1.9 percent , to 24,282 . It was down as much as 505 earlier . In Europe , Italy 's benchmark stock index plunged 2.7 percent .
Smaller U.S. companies , which tend to be more domestically focused than the large multinationals in the Dow , fared much better than the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 index fell just one-fourth as much as the Dow average , giving up 7 points , or 0.5 percent , to 1,619 .
The Nasdaq composite fell 63 points , or 0.9 percent , to 7,370 .
U.S. markets were closed Monday for the Memorial Day holiday .
Italian President Sergio Mattarella picked Carlo Cottarelli for prime minister after the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and right-wing League refused to withdraw an anti-euro candidate as economy minister . That ended their attempt to establish a government after inconclusive elections in March . Cottarelli is likely to lose a vote of no confidence in parliament , which would mean another round of elections .
Investors dumped Italian stocks and bonds as a result . Yields on Italian government bonds soared as their prices declined . The yield on the 10-year Italian government bond jumped to 3.10 percent from 2.69 percent , a huge move . At the beginning of May the yield was just 1.78 percent . The sharp move higher reflects weakening confidence among investors in Italy 's government .
The German DAX lost 1.5 percent and Britain 's FTSE 100 and the French CAC 40 both sank 1.3 percent . Some of the worst losses went to European banks : Germany 's Deutsche Bank dropped 6.5 percent to $ 11.27 and Banco Santander of Spain lost 9.7 percent to $ 5.28 .
“ Uncertainty and the unknowns themselves affect the real economy , ” said Levine , of Bank of New York Mellon . “ You 've going to have less investment , you 're going to have a decline in consumer spending , you 've going to have , on the margin , less consumer activity affecting growth . ”
New jitters about the stability of the euro sent the currency 's value against the dollar to its lowest level in almost a year . The dollar rose to 108.24 yen from 109.37 yen . The euro sank to $ 1.1531 , its lowest since July , from $ 1.1669 .
Spain was facing political turbulence of its own . That country 's parliament will hold a vote of no confidence in Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy after graft convictions of businesspeople and officials tied to his conservative Popular Party . The Spanish IBEX 35 sank 2.5 percent .
U.S. government bond prices jumped as investors moved money into lower-risk assets . The yield on the 10-year Treasury fell to 2.77 percent , its lowest since early April , from 2.93 percent . That sent interest rates sharply lower , which reduces profits for banks . JPMorgan Chase dropped 5 percent to $ 105.17 and Bank of America fell 4.7 percent to $ 28.75 .
U.S. crude oil fell 1.7 percent to $ 66.73 a barrel in New York . Oil prices have slumped in the last week following reports that OPEC countries and Russia could start pumping more oils soon . Brent crude , used to price international oils , rose 0.1 percent to $ 75.39 a barrel in London .
Wholesale gasoline gave up 1.7 percent to $ 2.14 a gallon . Heating oil shed 1.1 percent to $ 2.19 a gallon . Natural gas dropped 2.2 percent to $ 2.88 per 1,000 cubic feet .
Gold fell 0.4 percent to $ 1,299 an ounce . Silver lost 1 percent to $ 16.37 an ounce . Copper gave up 0.5 percent to $ 3.06 a pound .
In Asia , Japan 's Nikkei 225 fell 0.6 percent while the South Korean Kospi lost 0.9 percent . Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index plunged 1 percent .
© The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
United Faculty sues district over unfair labor practice
Filed under Campus Beat
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
The United Faculty filed an “ Unfair Labor Practice ” claim in November 2016 with the Public Employee Relations Board against the Contra Costa Community College District after years of failed attempts to modify how investigations into faculty misconduct allegations are conducted .
According to the UF 's newsletter , “ Table Talk , ” faculty members who have been involved in misconduct investigations through the years often complain of feeling disrespected , frustrated and scared after meeting with district lawyers .
UF Executive Director Jeffery Michels said alleged faculty members and their union representatives are oblivious of what to expect until they 're met by an abundance of accusations and incriminating questions .
Michels , the lead UF negotiator , said student confidentiality and attorney-client privilege clauses are the usual ostensible reason district lawyers claim for leaving the alleged and their union representatives in the dark during investigations .
He said he strongly believes student confidentiality should be treated with the utmost importance , but it 's not fair that union representatives are unable to see the complaints filed against their members to appropriately advise and represent them during allegation meetings .
There is no writing in the board policies that explicitly grants professors the right to access case files , even with the names and personal information of the accusers blacked out .
According to the district 's Human Resources Procedure 2070.01 “ Academic Employee Discipline/Dismissal , ” a tenured or part-time professor can only be dismissed or suspended if there is extensive documentation and evaluation of the misconduct or unsatisfactory performance .
Disciplinary actions for classified managers , supervisors and classified staff , represented by Local One , has a slightly different procedure .
According to Board Policy 2040 , the district 's chancellor , Dr. Fred Wood , must provide the accused manager , supervisor or classified staff member with a written notice that describes specific acts and omissions on which the proposed disciplinary action is based , as well as the disciplinary action recommended .
All employees , however , have the right to demand a preliminary hearing before district Chief Human Resources Officer Eugene Huff , on the alleged charges leading up to the evidentiary hearing with the Governing Board .
Michels said that UF representatives , or the accused professor , are never granted access to the full investigation report during or after the investigation concludes .
“ Such practices leave the union and its members at a disadvantage , ” he said .
During a California Community College Independents conference , UF executive boards members met with people in faculty unions who have established the right to see complaints made against them using precedents set by past judge rulings .
Michels said when this information was brought to the district 's attention in November 2016 , their lawyers refuted the cases ' precedents and claimed the information the UF gathered was wrong .
The UF lawyers disagreed with the district lawyer 's denial and filed an unfair labor practice claim last November to argue the dispute before a judge — a measure that Michels said the UF has not resorted to in almost 11 years .
UF President Donna Wapner laid out the dispute in a letter she wrote for the Dec. 12 , 2016 issue of “ Table Talk . ”
“ While the district experimented a bit recently with using different investigators , ” Wapner said , “ we still lack protocols that should be in place to ensure that investigations do n't turn into witch hunts and that faculty being questioned are treated as we would all want to be treated by our employers . ”
Wapner said misconduct investigations often extend from the original allegation and lead to a dozen- , even hundred-page disciplinary documents with inaccuracies and falsehoods .
She said the lawsuit aims to end the district 's reprimand of “ falsely-accused ” faculty , while still protecting the students ' right to privacy .
“ We 're not asking for investigations to be less vigorous , ” Michels said . “ But we are asking that teachers be treated more respectfully during these investigations . ”
Michels , who has been working closely with district officials for the past 11 years , said the claim does n't indicate a breakdown in the relationship between teachers and the district .
But he hopes it will finally address enduring disagreements regarding faculty misconduct investigations .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Travellers have pitched up illegally on land near Cherry Hinton .
Up to caravans are on a piece of land in Fulbourn Road opposite ARM 's headquarters .
They arrived at about 2.30pm yesterday ( Wednesday , May 30 ) and reports suggested they broke a padlock to access the land .
Dashcam footage shows the group occupying a 200 metre strip of field backing onto Mallets Road .
One witness told the News a caravan had “ parked up ( on the site ) and dumped a load of rubbish near a back garden ” .
There are also about seven horses and at least two dogs on the site .
The woman , who did not wish to be named , said : “ What concerns me is all the horses out here , they 're all running around and do n't seem to be tied to anything .
`` It 's about 12 feet from the road , and there 's only hedges and a small plastic barrier between the two . ”
She continued : `` I 've been thinking this would happen because we 've had cycleways being built here which could make it easier for travellers to get onto the land .
“ My husband has moved his car to our daughter 's house because we do n't feel it 's safe here .
( Image : Google )
`` I 'll be leaving my lights on tonight , because I do n't feel safe with them around . ”
The resident also said that police had not been round to assess the situation .
The News contacted Cambridgeshire police late last night but the force is yet to comment .
And another group of travellers is slammed for driving across pavements at Milton Park and Ride yesterday ( Wednesday , May 30 ) , causing damage to public property in the process .
Travellers also pitched up a site near IWM Duxford last week , sparking concerns that the Duxford Air Show would be affected .
ADVERTISEMENT
America needs less political activism .
That will sound absurd to many , but it 's true . There are other and better ways to engage in democratic politics than pushing a narrow agenda , hyping its urgency and importance , and exaggerating the problems it would supposedly solve . Dispassionately analyzing the political scene is one alternative . Supporting candidates with a broader message that appeals to a wider swath of voters is another . Yet increasingly the latter two options are being swallowed by the activist mindset . And American democracy is suffering from the consequences .
Activists specialize in making demands , usually in a specific area of policy , and they seek to influence the political culture and move office holders toward fulfilling them . To further these goals , activists work to draw attention to themselves and raise money to pay for lobbying . Both are achieved by the generous deployment of hype .
Consider the National Rifle Association . It demands that the rights of gun owners be protected against lawmakers who would transgress them . But the Supreme Court has ruled that individuals have a constitutional right to own firearms . So where 's the threat ? All it takes is one newspaper columnist to muse about repealing the Second Amendment for the NRA to ( metaphorically ) weaponize the suggestion , turning it into an imminent threat to gun rights and an opportunity to set more expansive fundraising goals . When thousands of NRA members send in their checks , the money is deployed to threaten Republican office holders with primary challenges if they dare support even the most modest proposal for gun control .
The same thing happens on the left , with pro-choice activists holding Democrats ' feet to the fire in standing against even the most modest regulation of abortion .
That 's the way activists think and operate . It 's incredibly effective , and it 's becoming more so with every passing year . Back in the 1990s and 2000s , for example , significant gun control measures and abortion restrictions could pass on at least a somewhat bipartisan basis . But not today — and the change is to a significant extent because of the influence of activists . ( And no , news that the NRA is open to allowing the baby-step of regulating `` bump stocks '' in the wake of the Las Vegas massacre does n't count as a significant change in direction . )
But their influence is n't only felt in the halls of Congress . Activists have also changed the way that growing numbers of Americans think about political reality itself .
As Jonathan Chait noted in a recent column on the subject , the term `` white supremacy '' has begun to be used in dramatically more expansive ways over the past year or so . Where it once denoted an ideology that explicitly seeks to uphold , well , the supremacy of white people over other racial groups , now it is increasingly being expanded to include anyone who voted for Donald Trump , or even any white person who fails to display adequate concern about the persistence of racism in American society ( with the level of adequacy set , of course , by the activists themselves ) . At the very furthest extreme are the Black Lives Matter activists who disrupted a free speech event at the College of William and Mary earlier this week , in part by chanting that `` liberalism is white supremacy . ''
A similar radicalization of language could be seen in some feminist responses to the death of Playboy magazine founder Hugh Hefner . Rather than merely calling Hefner someone whose work mainstreamed the objectification of women , these activists described him as a purveyor of `` misogyny , '' a word that both historically and etymologically means `` hatred of women . '' Not merely the exploitation of women , and not simply their degradation — both of which are plausible descriptions of Playboy 's effects , as it provided millions of American men with images of naked female bodies at which to leer lustfully . But to describe such leering as hatred of women goes several steps further — into territory on which only an activist ( or someone influenced by an activist 's tendency toward exaggeration ) could tread with confidence .
Finally , there is the parallel trend , in both the U.S. and Europe , toward describing those who propose restrictive policies in response to Islamic terrorism as motivated by racism . Not only is Islam a religion and not a race , but fear of those who perpetrate deadly violence in the name of Islam is n't purely irrational . Such attacks do happen . It 's certainly possible that fear of Islamic terrorism is overstated and the response by Western governments sometimes goes too far . But that 's different than preemptively ruling any and all responses out of moral bounds on the grounds that they invariably display race-based animus .
Yet this is precisely what pro-Muslim activists ( and those who 've been influenced by them ) increasingly suggest .
These activists are well within their rights to make their case . But it falls to the rest of us to treat such claims with skepticism , suspecting that they function as the political equivalent of misleading ad copy that deploys hype and exaggeration to sell a defective product to an easily manipulated population of democratic citizens .
Mansfield Tigers defensive back Corbin Frederick ( 2 ) makes a hit that would dislodge a reception attempt from Arlington 's Josh Bowen ( 12 ) during the second half of a high school football game at UTA Maverick Stadium in Arlington , Texas on Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 . Brad Loper Special to the Star-Telegram
JOHANNESBURG ( AP ) — India 's Shubhankar Sharma had a four-stroke lead in the Joburg Open with 11 holes left Sunday when lightning and heavy rain forced the suspension of play .
Making his 10th European Tour start , Sharma was 22 under at Randpark . He had a 61 on Friday on the Bushwillow Course and shot a 66 on Saturday on the Firethorn Course to take a five-stroke lead into the final round . On Sunday , Sharma birdied two of the first seven holes at Fitethorn before play was stopped for the day .
“ I had to cancel my flight tickets today but that was an easy thing to do considering the position I 'm in , ” Sharma said .
South Africa 's Erik van Rooyen was second . Play was suspended with Sharma on the eighth green , and Van Rooyen looking at a tap-in birdie on the ninth after birdieing four of the first eight .
Forty-two players were unable to complete the round .
“ I 'm going to treat it like another day , ” Sharma said . “ I 'm going to do the same things which I 've been doing the last four days . It is not frustrating , but you get into a groove when you start and you do n't want to come off . I saw the clouds coming on the seventh hole and I was praying we could finish , but we ca n't help it . I 'm playing well so I want to continue doing that . ”
The top three players who are not already exempt will earn spots in the British Open .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
LONDON : Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz ( PML-N ) chief Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday requested the accountability court to postpone verdict in Avenfield reference for few days , citing Kulsoom Nawaz 's critical health .
While talking to media outside Harley Street Clinic in London , Sharif said he would return to the country once the condition of his wife , who is on a ventilator at a hospital there , gets better .
Sharif demanded the accountability court , which is scheduled to announce its verdict on July 6 , should defer it for a few days so that he could return to the country to hear it in the courtroom .
The PML-N leader went on to say that he would not run away as he was not a dictator . “ I faced unilateral proceedings [ in the Avenfield reference ] . I want to be in the courtroom to hear the verdict . ”
Sharif said he would render any sacrifice for masses ' rights and sanctity of vote .
He claimed that Pakistan has been passing through worst phase in its recorded history and warned foes that masses would announce their verdict on July-25.— NNI
DETROIT ( CBS DETROIT/AP ) — Detroit 's public schools are closing early for a second-consecutive day because of hot weather .
The Detroit Public Schools Community District announced that classes would end three hours early on Wednesday after closing early on Tuesday as well . School field trips will be rescheduled . Updated information is being posted on the district 's website .
Temperatures again were expected to rise to above 80 degrees Fahrenheit . The National Weather Service says severe thunderstorms also are possible this week .
Click here for more information .
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report .
TERRE HAUTE , Ind . ( WTHI ) - Hundreds stood on the Vigo County courthouse steps Saturday . Among those , there was Sister Barbara Battista of the Sisters of Providence .
Scroll for more content ...
`` It 's about saying to our government , our current administration that we believe that human beings need to be treated with respect and dignity , '' said Sister Battista .
For those people , it was n't just about getting their voices heard . It was about motivating others to make a difference as well .
Each speaker urged their fellow activists to call their state representatives and signing clipboards to get registered to vote .
`` People here are registering people to vote . That 's another main message we 're sending to people is you need to get out there , know who 's running , and vote . In fact , consider running for office , '' said Sister Battista .
Among the crowd were many who are still too young to vote but the Terre Haute Teens for Action still had dozens join them in the march as well .
Caitlyn Cantrell is one of the founders of the group . She said they wanted to stress early that you can still make a difference by showing you care .
`` Terre Haute Teens for Action really works to amplify youth voices and so it 's really nice to see youth here to just see that we can organize and come together . Without unity , we ca n't get anything done , '' said Cantrell
The next general election takes place November 6th . If you are a Vigo County resident and would to vote , follow this link to get started .
BOSTON ( AP ) — The Kenyans are back in Boston after a relative lull that saw them shut out in the world 's most prestigious marathon twice in the past three years .
More surprisingly , so are the Americans .
Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday , pulling away from three-time U.S. Olympian Galen Rupp with two miles to go to give Kenya its first men 's victory in five years . Edna Kiplagat won the women 's race to complete the Kenyan sweep .
They were followed closely by Americans who grabbed two of the top four women 's spots and six of the top ten for men — the first time that 's happened since the race went professional in 1986 .
Advertisement
“ It 's so exciting to see Americans being competitive here , ” said Rupp , the Olympic bronze medalist who was making his Boston debut . “ It 's a real exciting time . And it 's awesome to see American distance running on the upswing and being competitive in these races . ”
Kirui finished in 2 hours , 9 minutes , 37 seconds to claim a silver trophy , a guilded olive wreath from Marathon , Greece , and the $ 150,000 first prize . Rupp was 21 seconds back , and Japan 's Suguru Osako 30 seconds behind him .
Rounding out the top 10 were runners from California , Arizona , Colorado , Oregon and Utah .
“ American distance running is looking good today , ” said sixth-place finisher Abdi Abdirahman , a Somali immigrant and Tucson resident who is a four-time Olympian . “ We have the podium for both men and women , so the future is great . ”
Kiplagat finished in 2:21:52 to win her Boston debut , adding the victory to two world championships and wins in London , New York and Los Angeles . She pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds .
American Jordan Hasay , making her first run at the 26.2-mile distance , was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four .
“ It keeps happening . We keep getting closer . We 're putting more numbers in there and it 's just a matter of time , ” said Linden , the 2011 runner-up by 2 seconds . “ When Americans break the tape , it 's going to be a big deal here . ”
Kenya had won either the men 's or women 's race every year since 1991 before being shut out in 2014 and again last year . In fact , Kenya had taken both titles six times since 2000 , so dominating the top 10 that Boylston Street began to look like a Great Rift Valley training run .
But Ethiopia has surpassed its East African neighbors on Patriots ' Day the past four years , earning its first sweep in 2016 . Then , in December , Kenyan Rita Jeptoo was stripped of her 2014 title for failing a drug test and it was handed instead to Ethiopia 's Buzunesh Deba .
For Kirui , even when he was running shorter distances , he had his eye on Boston .
“ In my mind , I was sure that one day I would win this race , ” said Kirui , 25 , who was running just his third marathon . “ To come here to Boston , I knew I was going to face my colleagues who have run many times here . … I knew I would challenge some of the champions who have been competing here . ”
The American drought reached more than three decades from the time Greg Meyer won in 1983 until Meb Keflezighi ran down Boylston Street to raucous chants of “ U-S-A ! ” in 2014 , the year after the finish line bombings killed three people and wounded more than 260 others . ( No U.S. woman has won since 1985 . )
Keflezighi , 41 , said he plans to enter the New York Marathon , which he won in 2009 , one last time in the fall before retiring . In his last competitive Boston run , he finished 13th in 2:17:00 despite pain in his quad muscles .
“ The crowd got me through the finish line , ” he said .
Also running on Monday was Ben Beach , who completed the race for an unprecedented 50th time in a row . And Kathrine Switzer , wearing the same bib number — 261 — that she wore when she entered the all-male race 50 years ago , using only her initials , K.V .
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in Natick slowed the runners , but the strong tailwind was a boost — especially in the wheelchair races .
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time , outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk down Boylston Street and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds . Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women 's mark by more than five minutes , winning in 1:28:17 .
The winners ' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday .
“ The wind is so important , ” Hug said . “ The roads were good . Everything was fantastic today . ”
Earlier Monday , city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 race .
Also in the field was Boston Police Commissioner William Evans , who ran for the 18th time in 2013 but has skipped the races since the bombings so he could be available in case of another emergency . Evans , who completed his 52nd marathon overall , said he wanted to show that Boston is back to normal .
“ If I can come back , ” he said , “ everyone can . ”
___
Jimmy Golen has covered the Boston Marathon since 1995 . Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jgolen .
Watch a video of a bear , who was freed from a car by the police in the US state of Colorado , after the animal had decided to explore the strange thing , it ran across during a nighttime stroll .
According to the NBC broadcaster , a local resident called the police late at night and said someone was sitting in her car , beeping the horn . Upon arriving at the scene , the police discovered a 70-90 kilogram bear in the vehicle .
The bear appeared to have gotten in the car via a front door that closed immediately after it ; the poor bear then began destroying the car 's interior and beeping the horn on the steering wheel in an attempt to attract help .
The police then opened the trunk and the bear ran into the woods .
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Maine at Machias-Maine Box
MAINE 104 , MAINE AT MACHIAS 51 MAINE AT MACHIAS ( 0-1 )
Gray 4-8 4-4 12 , Thompson 6-13 2-2 14 , Blake 3-7 1-1 7 , Papagionopolis 0-3 0-0 0 , Clark 7-17 1-3 16 , Cyr 1-3 0-0 2 , Batson 0-1 0-0 0 , Ferguson 0-1 0-1 0 , Heyward 0-0 0-0 0 , Gendreau 0-0 0-0 0 , Alley 0-0 0-0 0 , Brown 0-1 0-0 0 , Grindle 0-1 0-0 0 , Seavey 0-1 0-0 0 . Totals 21-56 8-11 51 .
MAINE ( 3-8 )
Fleming 2-3 2-2 6 , Evans 2-4 8-10 13 , Calixte 5-7 0-1 13 , Araujo 1-3 2-2 4 , Majstorovic 7-14 3-5 20 , Antoms 2-7 0-2 4 , Er 1-5 0-0 2 , Ashley 3-7 4-8 11 , Lowndes 2-3 1-2 6 , Melmed 1-5 2-2 5 , White 8-11 2-4 20 . Totals 34-69 24-38 104 .
Halftime_Maine 53-21 . 3-Point Goals_Maine at Machias 1-13 ( Clark 1-3 , Grindle 0-1 , Seavey 0-1 , Brown 0-1 , Batson 0-1 , Blake 0-1 , Papagionopolis 0-2 , Gray 0-3 ) , Maine 12-34 ( Calixte 3-5 , Majstorovic 3-8 , White 2-3 , Lowndes 1-1 , Evans 1-2 , Ashley 1-4 , Melmed 1-5 , Araujo 0-2 , Er 0-4 ) . Fouled Out_Gray , Blake . Rebounds_Maine at Machias 31 ( Thompson 15 ) , Maine 38 ( Antoms 9 ) . Assists_Maine at Machias 10 ( Clark 4 ) , Maine 19 ( Ashley 5 ) . Total Fouls_Maine at Machias 24 , Maine 15 . A_602 ( 5,800 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Published on Jun 15 2017 11:10 AM in Technology tagged : Sky UK / Advertisements / Virgin Media
Sky TV and Virgin Media have recently announced a partnership deal that plans to ‘ accelerate ' targeted TV advertisements .
Advertisers of both small and large businesses will have the ability to target up to 30 million viewers . Audiences can expect more targeted TV ad campaigns , underpinned by intelligent data , with transparent , brand-safe environments for advertisers .
Andrew Griffith , Sky 's Group Chief Operating Officer stated , “ TV remains the most effective and trusted advertising medium there is and continues to innovate at pace . Addressable TV is the high quality , brand safe and transparent medium that leading brands have already been adopting in their thousands .
“ Today 's partnership takes that the next level with the extension of AdSmart to millions more homes meaning more relevant ads for Virgin customers and a larger platform for advertisers ” .
Virgin Media 's Pat Kiely and Sky Media 's Jamie West will be leading the development of the strategic partnership .
© 2017 - Checkout Magazine by Patrick Lewers
IN JULY 2016 , Michael Jordan donated $ 2 million to organisations tasked with highlighting racial injustice and police brutality . For a man with an estimated net worth of $ 1.65 billion , it 's not a huge amount of money .
But it did mark a major departure for the 55-year-old . Indeed , the headline of this article is inspired by a quote that has haunted Jordan for decades . In 1990 , he was asked to endorse the black Democratic candidate Harvey Grant in a Senate race against the Republican incumbent Jesse Helms in the state of North Carolina .
Helms , for what it 's worth , was once described as “ the last prominent unabashed white racist politician in this country ” which says a lot about how politics has changed in the United States since .
But Jordan , the state 's favourite son from his college days with the North Carolina Tar Heels , refused to get involved and the Republican kept his seat . Legend has it that the Nike athlete justified his apolitical stance with the words “ Republicans buy shoes too ” .
Jordan in his iconic Bulls uniform . Source : Imago/PA Images
The origins of that quote are murky at best . First appearing in Sam Smith 's 1995 book , Second Coming , an investigation by Slate found that , despite being widely repeated in the years since , there 's little evidence Jordan actually said it . However , his actions , at least until 2016 , were that of a man who wanted nothing to do with championing racial or social causes .
In short , he was happy to shut up and dribble .
The same accusation was once levelled at LeBron James . In 2014 , when a grand jury in Cleveland decided not to bring charges against the police officers who shot dead 12-year-old Tamir Rice at a local playground , activists urged James to speak out . James responded by saying he was n't knowledgeable enough about the case to speak out and was heavily criticised by many in the local community , including Rice 's mother .
But quietly and sometimes not-so-quietly , the man they call The King has used his platform as one of the world 's best-known athletes to raise awareness of social issues , to provide a voice for those most-often silenced .
In 2012 — the year he won his first NBA title — James and his Miami Heat team-mates posed for a photo wearing hoodies as a tribute to Trayvon Martin who had been shot and killed by George Zimmerman in February that year .
In 2014 he led the charge against then-LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling who was caught on tape making a series of racist remarks . James told the Associated Press :
“ As players , we want what 's right and we do n't feel like no one in his family should be able to own the team . At the end of the day , this is going to be a long litigation when it comes to that . This guy who 's owned the team since the '80s is not going to just give the team up in a day . So we understand it 's going to be long , but we want what 's right . ”
Sterling was later banned for life from the NBA .
Later that year , perhaps in response to criticism from the Rice case , James and then-team-mate Kyrie Irving wore t-shirts with the phrase ‘ I Ca n't Breathe ' emblazoned across the chest . The protest was in response to the death of Eric Garner who died after being put into a choke-hold by a police officer . Garner could be heard telling the officer ‘ I ca n't breathe ' as he died . The officer was not indicted .
James is also a vocal supporter of the # BlackLivesMatter campaign but there 's more to his social activism than hashtags and t-shirts .
James dons shoes with an 'equality message ' during a game in December . Source : SIPA USA/PA Images
While rightly criticised for announcing his move to Miami in 2010 in an ESPN special called The Decision , the revenue from the program did raise $ 2.5 million for the Boys & Girls Club of America — an organisation that provides after-school care for young people .
A year later he partnered with the insurance company State Farm to combat the high levels of school dropouts and the first 1,000 kids to participate will graduate from high school in 2021 . The programme has also grown to ensure participants can attend third-level too .
On top of all this , James has n't missed a beat on the basketball court and this week will appear in his eight straight NBA finals . For context , the last time he did n't appear in the final best-of-seven series , 78 % of current NBA players were n't on a roster .
Of course , Jordan and James never overlapped . LeBron was born six months after MJ was drafted while James himself was picked up by the Cleveland Cavaliers just weeks after Jordan 's final game .
Despite this , the two find themselves at the centre of the Greatest Of All Time ( GOAT ) debate . While it 's very difficult to compare performances across eras , Jordan does have twice the number of championship rings as James , something that 's often used by the former 's supporters in what is the jewellery equivalent of putting # justsayin at the end of a particularly bad take on Twitter .
Compare this Bulls team to the one LeBron just brought to the NBA finals . Source : SIPA USA/PA Images
Statistics are , of course , difficult to compare across eras but for those willing to have a discussion , we 're often told that Jordan was the better scorer and defender while James is a much better team-mate averaging one more rebound and assist per game than His Airness .
It also must be factored in that Jordan was playing alongside Scottie Pippen and Dennis Rodman while LeBron has somehow managed to drag George Hill kicking and screaming to a finals series .
But by the time LeBron finishes his career — assuming he stays healthy – it 's almost certain he 'll move up to third in all-time scoring ahead of Jordan and Kobe Bryant . Indeed , the numbers suggest he 's got a realistic shot of retiring as the first man to reach 40,000 points .
James is already more than 2,300 assists ahead of MJ and could well finish second all-time behind John Stockton before he hangs up his sneakers . While LeBron will also retire well ahead of Jordan when it comes to rebounds , he may not even make the top five all-time but still could reach top five among non-centers
Despite all of this , there are still many who will insist that Jordan is the GOAT and there 's no debate . They 'll point to his six titles as evidence of this despite the fact [ deep breath ] Bill Russell ( 11 ) ; Sam Jones ( 10 ) ; Tom Heinsohn , KC Jones , Tom Sanders John Havlicek ( 8 ) ; Jim Loscutoff , Frank Ramsey and Robert Horry ( 7 ) all have more , while Bob Cousy , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Scottie Pippen all share Jordan 's half dozen crowns .
What else might be at play then ?
A recent study found that 85 % of people holding key sports reporting positions at newspapers and on major websites in both the United States and Canada were white men . When you consider that nearly two-thirds of NBA players are black — and less than 20 % white — there 's a bit of a divide .
James has never shied away from protest . Source : PA Archive/PA Images
Might it be that James 's stance on issues of race and social justice make some Americans uncomfortable ? There 's no way to know for sure , of course , but history does n't look too kindly on the general public — or the media — when it comes to the protesting black athlete .
Take Muhammad Ali . He may have died widely regarded as the greatest to ever float like a butterfly but his decision to join the Nation of Islam and raise concerns about the Vietnam War saw him not only vilified but sentenced to prison and stripped of his title .
More recently , Colin Kaepernick finds himself without a job for peacefully protesting during the playing of the US national anthem when even the teams who refuse to employ him are on record as saying he 's good enough to have a starting job at quarterback .
That there was a gap in between should n't be a huge surprise . As Howard Bryant points out in his latest book , The Heritage , there were 40 years of “ dormancy ” when black athletes by and large did n't use their platforms to advocate for social change . This , Bryant argues , is largely down to the devaluing of labour in a post-Ronald Regan United States .
Bryant makes the point that it was n't just Jordan who did n't speak out . Magic Johnson was equally silent even in the face of footage of Rodney King being beaten by police officers during his arrest and the riots that followed in the city he called home .
Tommie Smith and John Carlos give their Black Power salute . Source : S & G and Barratts/EMPICS Sport
And because of that silence , because the likes of Jackie Robinson , Tommie Smith and John Carlos were names consigned to history books rather than gracing baseball fields or athletics tracks , society became comfortable with the idea that athletes should stick to sports .
So comfortable that even the most peaceful protest can be painted as extremism by the likes of Laura Ingraham .
The fact remains that LeBron James is demonstrably a technically better basketball player than Michael Jordan , in much the same way Ronaldo and Messi are better than Pele and George Best were [ to deny this is to deny basic human evolution ] .
But many choose to ignore that fact , to ignore his record-setting career and refuse to accept that James is even in the conversation for the best we 've ever seen .
But as society continues to struggle with issues of racial and social inequality , it 's starting to become clear that this debate is as much about LeBron 's willingness to be a purse for the penniless , a voice for the voiceless and a face for the faceless as it is about championship rings .
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
The Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) , under its special campaign , has registered a total of 368 cases of human trafficking in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KP ) during the last three years .
Special campaign against human traffickers was launched as per the directions of Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan , while the ‘ Red Book ' of human traffickers was also prepared and circulated to all concerned .
A data issued by the Interior Division regarding registration of total cases in KP on Monday revealed that during the period , there were 126 travel agencies and 208 travel agents were involved , while the number of arrested travel agents was 176 and the number of registered cases against accused was 157 . The number of convictions during the last three years was 51 .
Meanwhile , official sources while defining the steps taken to improve the overall performance of the agency said , FIA 's strategic framework on human trafficking and migrant smuggling has been developed and is under finalisation .
The immigration-related laws of FIA are being extended to Torkham border crossing point in order to establish the writ of the agency to curb illegal trafficking and human smuggling .
The sources said FIA ( APT ) rules , framed in 1975 were outdated and inconsistent with contemporary legal requirements in terms of agency 's administrative and functional domains . These rules have been amended and re-framed in 2014 , in line with all pressing requirements .
FIA ( Inquiries and Investigations ) rules of 2002 are also being examined and re-visited to ensure transparency , merit and fairness in process of investigation by FIA officers , while strict monitoring and vigilance on performance and conduct of FIA officers and officials has been enforced through establishment of vigilance units , performance evaluation committees and snap checking committees .
The sources said regular monitoring of progress of the agency on high profile cases is being done by Ministry of Interior at senior level , and cash and reward system has been introduced for the best performers .
The other steps included repatriation of irrelevant officers from FIA ; more than 900 vacancies of FIA have been filled through National Testing Service ( NTS ) and Federal Public Service Commission ( FPSC ) , while the process of recruitment against 483 additional vacancies is underway .
Similarly , for a speedy disposal of pending inquiries/cases and to enhance agency 's outreach , measures have been taken which included new FIA police station , established at Mardan , and a special court established in Gujranwala .
The sources said posts of an inspector ( Legal/BS-16 ) have been upgraded to AD ( Legal/BS-17 ) , the project of NR3C ( National Response Centre for Cyber Crime ) phase-I has been regularised , along with the project of Integrated Border Management System ( IBMS ) .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
-- -
SILVERTIPS 1 HITMEN 0
CALGARY — Dorrin Luding stopped all 29 shots he faced as Everett shut out the Hitmen .
Kevin Davis had the lone goal for the Silvertips ( 3-3-0 ) at 3:03 of the third period .
Nick Schneider turned away 32 shots for Calgary ( 1-3-1 ) .
-- -
HURRICANES 4 RAIDERS 1
LETHBRIDGE , Alta . — Tanner Nagel had the winner and Stuart Skinner made 35 saves to lift the Hurricanes past Prince Albert .
Calen Addison , Jayden Davis and Giorgio Estephan also scored for Lethbridge ( 3-2-0 ) .
Sean Montgomery replied for the Raiders ( 2-3-0 ) , who got 25 saves from Curtis Meger .
-- -
WARRIORS 5 ICE 2
MOOSE JAW , Sask . — Brett Howden had a short-handed goal in the second period that stood as the winner as the Warriors got past Kootenay .
Oleg Sosunov , Jayden Halbgewachs , Noah Gregor and Justin Almeida rounded out the attack for Moose Jaw ( 5-0-0 ) .
Barrett Sheen and Colton Kroeker had goals for the Ice ( 2-3-1 ) .
Brody Willms turned away 22 shots for the Warriors and Kurtis Chapman stopped 31 shots for Kootenay .
-- -
TIGERS 4 PATS 2
MEDICINE HAT , Alta . — Ryan Chyzowski knocked in the game-winning goal in the third period as the Tigers doubled up Regina .
Tyler Preziuso , Mark Rassell and Zach Fischer supplied the rest of the offence for Medicine Hat ( 3-2-0 ) . Jordan Hollett made 19 saves .
Wyatt Sloboshan and George King scored for the Pats ( 2-3-1 ) . Tyler Brown turned away 27 shots .
-- -
ROCKETS 7 COUGARS 6 ( OT )
PRINCE GEORGE , B.C . — Kole Lind tied the game late in the third period and then won it in overtime as Kelowna edged the Cougars .
Erik Gardiner had two goals and an assist for the Rockets ( 3-1-1 ) . Nolan Foote , Colum McGauley and Dillon Dube also chipped in . Brodan Salmond made 30 saves for the win in net .
Jared Bethune , Dennis Cholowski , Kody McDonald , Vladislav Mikhalchuk , Jackson Leppard and Josh Maser scored for Prince George ( 2-3-1 ) . Tavin Grant turned away 26 shots .
Kelowna 's James Hilsendager was given a match penalty for charging at 15:01 of the second period .
-- -
ROYALS 4 BLAZERS 1
KAMLOOPS , B.C . — Chaz Reddekopp had the winner and Griffen Outhouse made 32 saves as Victoria beat the Blazers .
Igor Martynov , Tyler Soy and Dante Hannoun also scored for the Royals ( 6-0-0 ) .
Nick Chyzowski found the back of the net for Kamloops ( 0-7-0 ) , which got 18 saves from Dylan Ferguson .
-- -
WINTERHAWKS 6 CHIEFS 1
SPOKANE , Wash. — Bronson Sharp had the winner as Portland scored six straight to crush the Chiefs .
Ty Kolle , Skyler McKenzie , Keoni Texeira , Ryan Hughes and Cody Glass supplied the rest of the offence for the Winterhawks ( 3-1-0 ) .
Jake McGrew scored for Spokane ( 4-2-0 ) .
Cole Kehler turned aside 30 shots for Portland . Dawson Weatherill stopped 28 shots for the Chiefs .
-- -
GIANTS 6 AMERICANS 3
LANGLEY , B.C . — Brayden Watts and Owen Hardy both struck twice as Vancouver downed the Americans .
Ty Ronning and Tyler Ho also chipped in for the Giants ( 2-2-0 ) .
Isaac Johnson had a pair of goals for Tri-City ( 2-3-0 ) with Maxwell James adding the other .
David Tendeck made 26 saves for Vancouver with Beck Warm turning aside 33 shots for the Americans .
By The Canadian Press
Court rules Daily Telegraph 's allegations 'too vague ' in Rush case The West Australian
Geoffrey Rush is suing for defamation after sexual assault claims were published about him .
California Senate passes net neutrality bill
Photo : Andrew Caballero-Reynolds / AFP / Getty Images 2017 Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 A small group of protesters supporting net neutrality protest against a plan by Federal Communications Commission head Ajit Pai , during a demonstration on Dec. 7 in Washington . A small group of protesters supporting net neutrality protest against a plan by Federal Communications Commission head Ajit Pai , during a demonstration on Dec. 7 in Washington . Photo : Andrew Caballero-Reynolds / AFP / Getty Images 2017 Image 2 of 2 State Sen. Scott Wiener introduced the bill as a way for California to assert national leadership on net neutrality . State Sen. Scott Wiener introduced the bill as a way for California to assert national leadership on net neutrality . Photo : Paul Chinn / The Chronicle California Senate passes net neutrality bill 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
The state Senate approved a bill Wednesday that would replace the federal government 's repealed net neutrality regulations , sending the measure to the Assembly .
The Senate voted 23-12 to approve the bill by Sen. Scott Wiener , D-San Francisco .
“ When Donald Trump 's FCC took a wrecking ball to the Obama-era net neutrality protections , we said we would step in to make sure that California residents would be protected from having their internet access manipulated , ” Wiener said in a statement after the vote .
Assembly committee hearings start in June . The bill must be passed by that chamber by the end of August .
Wiener pushed SB822 as a way for California to assert national leadership in the years-long debate over whether government should regulate internet service providers to ensure that all web traffic is treated equally .
He introduced the bill a month after the Federal Communications Commission voted to revoke Obama-era net neutrality rules . Most of the FCC 's order took effect April 23 , although some rules are n't set to expire until June 11 .
One of the no votes came from Sen. Patricia Bates , R-Laguna Niguel ( Orange County ) , who argued that the bill “ still has some significant problems , ” including potentially undermining internet companies ' investments in broadband .
The state has another net neutrality bill pending . SB460 , by state Sen. Kevin de León , D- Los Angeles , passed the Senate Jan. 29 , but has yet to be scheduled for a hearing before the Assembly .
Wiener 's bill drew more attention nationally because it was far more comprehensive , seeking to replace all of the regulations the FCC threw out . The bill also drew intense opposition , particularly from large internet providers like AT & T and Comcast .
“ The bill is a dog 's breakfast of legal errors and technical impossibilities , ” Larry Downes , project director for the Georgetown Center for Business and Public Policy , wrote in an opinion piece in Forbes .
Benny Evangelista is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : bevangelista @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ ChronicleBenny
By The Associated Press
Boston AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Betts rf 5 4 4 3 0 1 .280 Pedroia 2b 5 1 2 0 0 0 .302 Bogaerts ss 5 0 2 3 0 0 .325 Benintendi lf 3 0 1 1 0 0 .281 Ramirez 1b 3 0 0 0 1 1 .240 Bradley Jr. cf 4 0 2 0 0 0 .253 Sandoval 3b 2 1 1 0 1 0 .217 b-Rutledge ph-3b 1 0 0 0 0 1 .247 Leon c 3 1 1 0 1 0 .226 Johnson p 2 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Velazquez p 1 0 0 0 0 0 .000 J.Kelly p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Barnes p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — c-Young ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .261 Scott p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Totals 35 7 13 7 3 3
Philadelphia AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Herrera cf 5 0 0 0 0 2 .248 Kendrick 2b 4 1 1 1 0 0 .340 Altherr rf 4 1 1 2 0 1 .286 Joseph 1b 2 0 1 0 2 0 .263 Franco 3b 4 0 0 0 0 0 .223 Nava lf 3 0 1 0 1 1 .321 Rupp c 4 0 0 0 0 2 .206 Galvis ss 3 1 2 0 1 0 .236 Hellickson p 2 0 0 0 0 0 .125 Garcia p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — a-T.Kelly ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .207 Morgan p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .500 Gomez p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — d-Blanco ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .186 Totals 33 3 6 3 4 6
Boston 230 100 001—7 13 0 Philadelphia 003 000 000—3 6 0
a-flied out for Garcia in the 7th . b-struck out for Sandoval in the 8th . c-popped out for Barnes in the 9th . d-grounded out for Gomez in the 9th .
LOB_Boston 5 , Philadelphia 7 . 2B_Betts ( 23 ) , Bogaerts ( 18 ) , Bradley Jr. ( 8 ) , Leon ( 5 ) , Joseph ( 12 ) , Galvis 2 ( 13 ) . HR_Betts ( 10 ) , off Hellickson ; Betts ( 11 ) , off Morgan ; Altherr ( 11 ) , off Johnson . RBIs_Betts 3 ( 37 ) , Bogaerts 3 ( 26 ) , Benintendi ( 39 ) , Kendrick ( 11 ) , Altherr 2 ( 36 ) . SF_Benintendi .
Runners left in scoring position_Boston 3 ( Pedroia , Bradley Jr. , Johnson ) ; Philadelphia 3 ( Franco , Rupp , Hellickson ) . RISP_Boston 3 for 14 ; Philadelphia 1 for 6 .
FIDP_Ramirez . GIDP_Bogaerts , Bradley Jr ..
DP_Philadelphia 4 ( Joseph , Galvis ) , ( Altherr , Joseph ) , ( Joseph , Galvis ) , ( Galvis , Kendrick , Joseph ) .
Boston IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Johnson 2 2-3 4 3 3 1 1 44 4.29 Velazquez , W , 1-1 3 1-3 1 0 0 1 2 50 6.48 J.Kelly , H , 6 1 0 0 0 1 1 14 1.27 Barnes , H , 10 1 1 0 0 1 2 27 3.26 Scott 1 0 0 0 0 0 13 1.65 Philadelphia IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Hellickson , L , 5-5 5 9 6 6 3 1 93 4.91 Garcia 2 1 0 0 0 1 16 3.65 Morgan 1 1-3 3 1 1 0 1 24 9.26 Gomez 2-3 0 0 0 0 0 4 7.17
Hellickson pitched to 1 batter in the 6th .
Inherited runners-scored_Velazquez 1-0 , Garcia 1-0 .
Umpires_Home , Jim Reynolds ; First , Jim Wolf ; Second , Lance Barrett ; Third , Stu Scheurwater .
T_3:26 . A_28,263 ( 43,651 ) .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Goals need to be spread out across the pitch , says Cambridge United skipper Leon Legge .
Legge , who already has two goals to his name this season , is only one of five scorers the U 's have had this season in their 13 games .
Piero Mingoia and Medy Elito have also chipped in with one goal apiece , but more than 69 % of their 13 goals have come from the front two of Uche Ikpeazu and Jabo Ibehre .
And Legge said , after the loss of Luke Berry 's goals from midfield , the rest of the side need to contribute .
“ Bez scored 20 last season and we were quite reliant on his goals , ” Legge said .
“ I scored seven and I 'm hoping to get near that or better this season but the midfielders need to get a few as well and we need to support the two strikers .
“ Even in the higher leagues goals are spread about . Hopefully some of our creative players like George Maris , for example , can get some . ”
Former movie mogul Harvey Weinstein was charged Friday with rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Harvey Weinstein declined Wednesday to testify before the New York grand jury that is weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges , with his lawyers saying there was n't enough time to prepare and `` political pressure '' made an indictment unavoidable .
A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesman said the former movie mogul learned the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning himself on Friday , with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not . His request for more time was denied , the statement said .
`` Finally , Mr. Weinstein 's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein 's personal testimony might be , an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein , '' the statement said , referring to Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr .
His office declined to comment .
Weinstein was charged Friday with rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York , as a grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case ; the panel has been at work for weeks . Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury 's secret proceedings but often do n't , for various reasons .
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York . Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , and his lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said Tuesday that Weinstein was `` confident he 's going to clear his name '' in the New York prosecution .
Brafman called the rape allegation `` absurd , '' saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long , consensual sexual relationship that continued after the alleged 2013 attack .
The woman , who has n't been identified publicly , told investigators Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her .
The other accuser in the case , former actress Lucia Evans , has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004 . The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Vance , a Democrat , came under public pressure from women 's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015 , when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting .
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct . But Vance decided there was n't enough evidence to bring charges .
Gov . Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter .
While the social media remains flooded with congratulatory messages for Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma after their marriage , some of the fans are trying to be innovative while expressing their happiness , but nothing beats a long series of memes posted on Twitter , highlighting various facets during a marriage ceremony in a funny way .
Without much ado , here 's the series that promises to send Twitterati into splits :
Varmaala ke baad apni shaadi ke mazedaar kisse sunane wale , 2 Peg laga chuke Mausa Ji # ViratKiBaraat pic.twitter.com/IgLrdzVg5x — Yo Yo Funny Singh ( @ moronhumor ) December 11 , 2017
Indian cricket team 's captain Kohli and Bollywood actress Anushka got married in Italy on December 11 and will host reception for friends and relatives on December 21 in Delhi and December 26 in Mumbai .
The duo had been dating since 2013 when they first met during the shoot of a commercial . News of their marriage had been rife ever since Kohli asked the BCCI for a break in December .
The Fort Worth Police Department found a body inside a vacant home in the 6400 block of Woodway Drive in southwest Fort Worth . Police said they received a tip about the body at the location from the Arlington Police Department .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - President Donald Trump is overstating progress against the opioid epidemic , claiming `` the numbers are way down '' despite an increase of opioid-related deaths and overdoses in his first year in office .
A look at his comments during a political rally in Nashville , Tennessee , on Tuesday night :
TRUMP : `` We got $ 6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that 's taking over our country . And the numbers are way down . We 're getting the word out - bad . Bad stuff . You go to the hospital , you have a broken arm , you come out , you 're a drug addict with this crap . It 's way down . We 're doing a good job with it . But we got $ 6 billion to help us with opioid . ''
THE FACTS : Opioid prescriptions are down ; deaths and other indicators of the epidemic are up , according to the latest statistics , from 2017 . And those developments have nothing to do with the $ 6 billion approved by Congress because that money is for this year and next .
Trump did n't specify what numbers he was talking about . But according to data released in April , prescriptions for opioid painkillers filled in the U.S. fell almost 9 percent last year , the largest drop in 25 years . The total dosage of opioid prescriptions filled in 2017 declined by 12 percent because more prescriptions were for a shorter duration , fewer new patients started on them and high-dose prescriptions dropped . The numbers are from health data firm IQVIA 's Institute for Human Data Science .
But legal prescriptions are only one front of the epidemic .
Drug overdose deaths involving opioids rose to about 46,000 for the 12-month period ended October 2017 , up about 15 percent from October 2016 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The numbers are preliminary because of continuing cause-of-death investigations later in the reporting period . They could go higher .
Other measures from the CDC also point to increasing severity of the problem last year .
For example , emergency department visits for overdoses of opioids - prescription pain medications , heroin and illicitly manufactured fentanyl - rose 30 percent in the U.S. from July 2016 to September 2017 . Overdoses shot up 70 percent in the Midwest in that time while increasing by 54 percent in large cities in 16 states .
`` Getting rid of that scourge '' is the intent but the numbers do n't show it fading .
___
Associated Press writers Mike Stobbe in New York and Carla K. Johnson in Seattle contributed to this report .
___
https : //www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/drug-overdose-data.htm
https : //www.cdc.gov/vitalsigns/opioid-overdoses/
___
Find AP Fact Checks at http : //apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @ APFactCheck on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR 'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
MONDAY , March 19 , 2018 ( HealthDay News ) -- U.S. war veterans who sustained severe combat wounds and have chronic post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) are at increased risk for high blood pressure , a new study says .
The study included nearly 3,900 military veterans who had been severely wounded in Iraq or Afghanistan from February 2002 to February 2011 . Their average age when they were wounded was 26 .
More than 14 percent of the veterans developed high blood pressure at least 90 days after being wounded . The severity of the injuries and how frequently PTSD was noted in their medical records after the wounding separately affected their risk for high blood pressure .
`` What we found surprised us , '' said study senior author Dr. Ian Stewart , a major at the U.S. Air Force Medical Center at Travis Air Force Base in California .
For every 5-point increase on a 75-point injury severity score , the risk for high blood pressure rose 5 percent . Veterans with an injury severity score of 25 or lower and no recorded PTSD diagnosis had the lowest risk for high blood pressure , according to the study .
Compared with veterans with no PTSD diagnosis , the risk for high blood pressure was 85 percent higher among those who had PTSD noted one to 15 times in their medical records -- indicating chronic PTSD .
High blood pressure was 114 percent more likely among veterans with PTSD noted more than 15 times , indicating a more severe condition , the study found .
Similar to previous research , the study also found that age , acute kidney injury and race also were associated with risk of high blood pressure . The risk rose about 5 percent for every year older a veteran was , and the risk was 69 percent higher among blacks than whites .
An injury to the kidneys , which play a key role in regulating blood pressure , also was linked to a higher risk for high blood pressure .
The findings were published March 19 in the journal Hypertension .
`` PTSD does appear to increase the risk of hypertension , but we thought that hypertension risk from the injury would depend on the presence of PTSD , '' Stewart explained in a journal news release . `` Instead , increased hypertension risk is additive to the injury itself . ''
Previous research has linked PTSD with high blood pressure , substance abuse , obesity , heart disease and suicide .
More information
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has more on PTSD .
-- Robert Preidt SOURCE : Hypertension , news release , March 19 , 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
DALLAS – In the wake of Tony Romo 's one-game experience with the Dallas Mavericks last week , coach Rick Carlisle took time to extol the basketball virtues of the former Dallas Cowboys quarterback .
With that , Carlisle boasted how Romo `` busted the ( rear ends ) '' of a few of his rookies during the team 's shootaround session .
Told of that remark by Carlisle , rookie point guard Yogi Ferrell was empathic when he said : `` That rookie was Dorian Finney-Smith . I just want to make that clear . It was n't me .
`` I saw that hours later after shootaround . Looking on Instagram , I see that and say , ‘ Man , they 're quick . ' ''
A sheepish Finney-Smith owned up to having Romo get the best of him as he nailed a jumper while the rookie from Florida was defending him .
`` He caught me slipping , '' Finney-Smith said while laughing . `` There was supposed to be no shooting .
`` That seemed like that was planned . They were like , ‘ You got Romo . ' But it was a fun experience . ''
Later on Tuesday night , Romo suited out for the Mavericks in their game against the Denver Nuggets . But he did n't play because of complex NBA rules .
However , Ferrell saw enough of the four-time Pro Bowl player that he did n't mind breaking down his game .
`` He 's actually got a nice looking jump shot -- better than I thought , '' Ferrell said . `` Nice stoke and everything .
`` It caught me off-guard a little bit . ''
Romo was an All-State guard in high school in Wisconsin . But that was nearly two decades ago , and before he decided he wanted to make football his sole sport of choice .
`` His handle needs to get a little better , '' Ferrell said . `` But he 's definitely got a jump shot though , so he 's got that going for him . ''
New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi today mentioned in his Independence Day speech the recent death of nearly 70 children at a state-run hospital in Uttar Pradesh , and said sympathies of the entire nation were with the affected families .
Delivering his Independence Day speech from the ramparts of the Red Fort , Modi said , `` Many parts of the country faced natural calamities in the recent past . Children died at a hospital , the entire nation is with them . ''
`` Natural calamities become a big challenge . Good rains contribute to prosperity of the country , but climate change creates problems , '' he added .
Nearly 70 children , including infants , have died at BRD Medical College in Gorakhpur in the past few days . Many of these deaths were alleged to have been caused by shortage of oxygen , a claim dismissed by the state government .
The prime minister said sympathies of the 125 crore countrymen were with the affected families and that the government would extend all possible help to them .
`` I assure the people that with all sensitivity in mind , the government will ensure the well-being and safety of people and will leave no stone unturned to help them , '' he said .
Falcon Oil & Gas Beetaloo Basin Drilling Results Indicate Material Gas Resource
Falcon Oil & Gas announce that Origin Energy Resources , Falcon 's 35 % joint venture partner , has submitted the results of evaluation of the discovery and preliminary estimate of petroleum in place for the Amungee NW-1H Velkerri B Shale Gas Pool ( Report ) to the Northern Territory Government .
The submission follows the completion of extended production testing at the Amungee NW-1H exploration well of the `` B Shale '' member of the Middle Velkerri Formation .
In addition , Origin undertook a resource study based on the Amungee NW-1H well results and other key wells in the Beetaloo Basin including regional seismic data to determine a 2C contingent gas resource estimate for the Middle Velkerri B Shale Pool within EP76 , EP98 and EP117 .
Key Details of the Discovery Evaluation Report
The Report was submitted in compliance with Section 64 of the Northern Territory Petroleum Act ( 2016 ) and as per the Reporting a Petroleum Discovery Guideline .
The Report follows the initial submission of the notification of discovery and an initial report on discovery in October 2016 . The Report provides the following volumetric estimates and recovery / utilisation factor for the B Shale member of the Middle Velkerri Formation within permits EP76 , EP98 , and EP117 .
Understanding the factors controlling deliverability and recovery as well as spatial variation within the gas play/shale pool are in their infancy . A quantitative assessment of the aggregated estimated recoverable resource of the gas play that can handle these complexities will require a statistically significant number of wells testing the gas play . As there is only a single production test within the gas play Origin decided upon a qualitative assessment approach instead to estimate the technically recoverable resource .
Factors considered in the qualitative assessment of technically recoverable hydrocarbon resource in the gas play were the SRV recovery factor range , the subsurface utilization factor range and surface utilization factor range .
Origin 's Contingent Gas Resource Estimates for the Middle Velkerri B Shale Pool within EP76 , EP98 and EP117
Origin has prepared a contingent gas resource estimate using probabilistic methods and reservoir evaluation data , in addition to regional seismic data .
As noted in Origin 's press release the `` The contingent resource estimates contained in [ their ] report are based on , and fairly represents , information and supporting documentation that have been prepared by Alexander Cote who is a full-time Origin employee and a Qualified reserve and Resource Evaluator . Mr Cote is a registered professional engineer with specialised unconventional gas resource characterisation and development experience . Mr Côté has consented to the form and context in which these statements appear '' . Mr Côté is a member of the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta .
Suspension of Drilling Operations
On 14 September 2016 , the Northern Territory Government introduced a moratorium on hydraulic fracturing , and subsequently established an independent scientific inquiry . Pending the outcome of this independent inquiry , Origin has requested a suspension of all drilling operations with the DPIR . We await their formal response to the request .
Philip O'Quigley , CEO of Falcon , commented :
`` The submission of a discovery evaluation report supporting the existence of a material gas resource in the Beetaloo Basin coupled with Origin 's best estimate assessment of a gross contingent gas resource of 6.6 TCF for the Middle Velkerri B shale pool surrounding and adjacent to the Amungee NW-1H exploration well are exciting developments for Falcon .
Additional exploration and appraisal activity will be required to refine the pool size and better assess the recoverable resource range and ultimately the commerciality of the play .
However , it is interesting to note that in Origin 's opinion the Marcellus and Barnett Shales in the USA are analogous , commercially-productive fields that are similar to the Middle Velkerri B Shale reservoir . ''
Source : Company Press Release
New Delhi : Call it a noble gesture or the need to fill up the stadium , close to 27,000 free tickets for the opening day of the FIFA Under-17 World Cup , here , were handed out to schools in Delhi/NCR ( National Capital Region ) . But the administrators at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium could n't manage enough water to quench the thirst of these students .
Chaotic scenes prevailed outside the food counters that were selling water . It was not even free .
Schools from as far as Sonepat ferried students to watch the opening day fixtures between Colombia and Ghana , followed by India vs USA on Friday . It 's the first time that India is participating in a FIFA World Cup .
“ Is there any water dispenser you can guide us to , ” a student came asking . “ We have come from Sonepat . Trying to find water over the last 20 minutes , ” said another .
It 's the first time that India is hosting a football tournament of this stature and arrangements were expected to be top notch , but that was n't the case , at least on the first day .
There was a student leaning on a wall in the corridor outside the stands . He was accompanied by a friend attending to him .
On being asked if everything is all right , his friend replied , “ He has fever . Is there a way you can help us with any medical aid ? ”
There was no teacher in sight , and the helpless kids did n't know what to do with no signage for first aid or a medical facility . Fortunately , a volunteer acted upon seeing the kid in bad shape and summoned help .
These surely ca n't be teething issues . The India Football Federation ( AIFF ) had years to prepare for this big day . Only unfortunate that it came to this , and the innocent kids , who came to enjoy , were at the receiving end .
A number of new studies indicate millennials are generally doing a great job stashing money for the future . But some of those studies also show that they 're wary about investing those savings in the stock market .
This could hurt them in the long run . Investing in the stock market is a powerful way to grow your money for your long-term goals — more on that below . But first , the good news .
Millennials are indeed saving
Although organizations vary in how they define the millennial generation , it broadly encompasses those born in the 1980s and 1990s . Looking at several studies paints a picture of their general habits :
71 % of millennial workers are saving for retirement , either in a workplace plan or outside of work , and the median age at which they started saving was 24 , younger than Generation X 's median starting age of 30 , according to a Harris Poll conducted for the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies .
Fully 39 % of millennials are defined in Transamerica 's survey as “ super savers ” — they 're saving more than 10 % of their salary . That 's close to the 15 % experts often recommend .
Millennials are on track to replace 78 % of their estimated retirement expenses , according to a 2018 Fidelity survey . That 's a healthy rate . ( Here are tips to help you figure out how much you 'll need in retirement . )
About one in six millennials have saved $ 100,000 or more , according to Bank of America 's Better Money Habits survey .
But investing has millennials a little spooked
Now the bad news :
42 % of millennials are investing conservatively , compared with 38 % of Generation X investors and 23 % of baby boomers , according to the Fidelity survey .
Millennials held 25 % of their investments in cash , compared to 19 % of investors overall , according to a Charles Schwab & Co. study of client data .
20 % of millennials say their retirement money is invested mostly in bonds , money market funds , cash or other stable investments , compared with 15 % each for older generations , according to Transamerica .
66 % of people aged 18 to 29 ( and 65 % of those 30 to 39 ) say investing in the stock market is scary or intimidating , compared with 58 % of those aged 40 to 54 and 57 % of those 55 and older , according to an Ally Financial survey .
So , what 's the problem ?
It 's no surprise that investors who came of age during the 2008-09 financial crisis would hesitate to embrace the stock market — the S & P 500 lost about 57 % of its value between October 2007 and March 2009 , when the oldest millennials were in their late 20s .
The problem is , some millennials may be putting their retirement security at risk by shying away from stocks now . Consider that the S & P 500 averaged a 7.92 % return from January 2007 through December 2017 , adjusted for inflation and with dividends reinvested — and that time period includes the financial crisis . By comparison , the average annual return for money market bank accounts has n't topped 0.3 % in the past eight years .
Of course , it 's difficult to generalize across a generation that includes about 71 million people ( that figure is according to Pew Research Center , which defines millennials as those born from 1981 to 1996 ) . Plenty of millennials are making smart financial decisions , says Meir Statman , professor of finance at Santa Clara University and author of “ Finance for Normal People . ”
“ On the one hand , you have really great awareness on the part of millennials of the need to save for retirement , ” Statman says . But , he adds , many people “ are still scarred by the financial crisis . ”
Put risk in perspective
For people nervous about investing , the key is to put stock-market risk in perspective , Statman says .
“ The risk of the stock market is not the biggest risk in life , ” Statman says . Every time you make a decision — whether it 's your career choice , whom you 're going to marry , where you 're going to live — that decision entails risk , he says . Maybe your chosen profession will become obsolete , or you 'll choose a partner who is n't right for you .
“ Taking risk is not a luxury ; it 's a necessity , ” Statman says . “ If you look at risk in the overall context of life , you see that we take risk not because we like risk , but because we have aspirations . Aspirations are the engine , the driver of the train , and risk is really one of the cars of the train . ”
Others agree that millennials should n't necessarily run from stock-market risk . “ Millennials have to be smart about risk . But they also have to be comfortable with the idea of some risk , at least in the short-term , ” says Jason Kirsch , a certified financial planner , founder of investment advisory Grow , and author of “ The Millennial Advantage : How Millennials Can ( and Must ) Be the Next Great Generation of Investors . ”
For those ready to try investing , there are easy ways to get started . Some simple retirement portfolios you can build on your own . And there are robo-advisors who do the work of investment choice and management for you , for a relatively modest fee . ( Read whether a robo-advisor is right for you . )
This article was written by NerdWallet and was originally published by Forbes .
More From NerdWallet
July 4 ( UPI ) -- Brandon Church , the younger brother of country music star Eric Church , has died at the age of 36 , his family announced .
`` It is with great sadness that the Church family confirms that Eric 's brother , Brandon , passed away Friday evening , '' a family statement said Tuesday . `` In lieu of flowers please leave a message for the family and/or make a donation to a Scholarship Memorial Fund created in Brandon 's memory . ''
Brandon Church 's father , Kenneth Church , said his son had a history of seizures and had one at his home in Granite Falls , N.C. , Friday , then another as he was being transported to the hospital . The second seizure appeared to have caused him to go into cardiac arrest .
Granite Falls Police Department Chief Chris Jenkins said foul play is not suspected .
Brandon Church wrote several songs -- including `` How 'Bout You '' and `` Without You Here '' -- with his 41-year-old brother .
CIRES and RASEI researchers suggest that wind resources in the next century may decrease in many regions in the Northern Hemisphere -- and could sharply increase in several hotspot regions down south . The first-of-its-kind study predicting how global wind power may shift with climate change appears today in Nature Geoscience ( linked ) .
`` There 's been a lot of research looking at the potential climate impact of energy production transformations -- like shifting away from fossil fuels toward renewables , '' said lead author Kris Karnauskas , CIRES Fellow and Assistant Professor in Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences ( ATOC ) at CU Boulder . `` But not as many focuses on the impact of climate change on energy production by weather-dependent renewables , like wind energy . ''
Wind powers only about 3.7 percent of worldwide energy consumption today , but global wind power capacity is increasing rapidly -- about 20 percent a year . Karnauskas and colleagues Julie Lundquist and Lei Zhang , also in ATOC , wanted to better understand likely shifts in production , so they turned to an international set of climate model outputs to assess changes in wind energy resources across the globe . The team then used a `` power curve '' from the wind energy industry to convert predictions of global winds , density and temperature into an estimate of wind energy production potential .
While not all of the climate models agreed on what the future will bring , substantial changes may be in store , especially a prominent asymmetry in wind power potential across the globe . If carbon dioxide emissions continue at high levels , wind power resources may decrease in the Northern Hemisphere 's mid-latitudes , and increase in the Southern Hemisphere and tropics by 2100 .
Strangely , the team also found that if emission levels are mitigated , dropping lower in coming decades , they see only a reduction of wind power in the north -- it may not be countered with an increase of power in the south .
Renewable energy decision makers typically plan and install wind farms in areas with consistently strong winds today . For example , the prairies of the American Midwest -- persistently windy today and in recent decades -- are dotted with tens of thousands of turbines . While the new assessment finds wind power production in these regions over the next twenty years will be similar to that of today , it could drop significantly by the end of the century .
By contrast , potential wind energy production in northeastern Australia could see dramatic increases .
There were different reasons for the Northern decline and the Southern increase in wind power potential in the high-emissions scenario , Karnauskas and his co-authors found in their modeling results . In the Northern Hemisphere , warmer temperatures at the North Pole weaken the temperature difference between this cold region and the warm equator . A smaller temperature gradient means slower winds in the northern mid-latitudes .
`` These decreases in North America occur primarily during the winter season , when those temperature gradients should be strong and drive strong winds , '' said Associate professor Lundquist , who is also a RASEI Fellow . In addition to North America , the team identified possible wind power reductions in Japan , Mongolia and the Mediterranean.This may be bad news for the Japanese , who are rapidly accelerating their wind power development .
In the Southern Hemisphere , where there is more ocean than land , a different kind of gradient increases : land warms faster than the surrounding , much-larger oceans . That intensified gradient increases the winds . Hotspots for likely wind power increases include : Brazil , West Africa , South Africa and Australia .
`` Europe is a big question mark , '' added Karnauskas . `` We have no idea what we 'll see there . That 's almost scary , given that Europe is producing a lot of wind energy already . '' The trend in this region ( and in others , like the southeastern United States ) is just too uncertain : some models forecast wind power increase , and others , a decrease .
In a warming world , harnessing more wind power in coming decades could be critical for countries trying to meet emission reduction standards set by the Paris Climate Agreement . The team 's results may help inform decision-makers across the globe determining where to invest this technology .
`` The climate models are too uncertain about what will happen in highly productive wind energy regions , like Europe , the Central United States , and Inner Mongolia , '' said Lundquist . `` We need to use different tools to try to forecast the future -- this global study gives us a roadmap for where we should focus next with higher-resolution tools . ''
# # #
GREENVILLE , Del . ( AP ) — A Delaware man wounded in an attack at a New Year 's Eve celebration in Istanbul says he survived the attack by playing dead .
William Jacob Raak told NBC News he survived the attack by playing dead and staying silent and motionless , even after being shot .
WCAU-TV ( http : //bit.ly/2i0RQ8g ) reports that Raak 's brother says the 35-year-old , a small business owner from Greenville , Delaware , called around 7:30 p.m . ET on New Year 's Eve to say he 'd been shot in the leg . Michael Raak says his brother was visiting friends in Istanbul .
Istanbul Gov . Vasip Sahin has said the attacker , armed with a long-barreled weapon , killed a policeman and a civilian outside the Reina club before entering and firing at people partying inside . At least 39 people , mostly foreigners , were killed .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
District 11 Softball Tournament
( Records in parentheses ) CLASS A Quarterfinals Wednesday , May 23
Nativity 15 , Lincoln Leadership 0 , 4 inns .
Thursday , May 24
Forest City 8 , Mahanoy Area 5
Semifinals Thursday , May 24
Nativity 14 , Notre Dame-ES 3 , 5 inns .
Friday , May 25
Williams Valley 10 , Forest City 2
Championship Tuesday , May 29
Williams Valley 12 , Nativity 2 , 5 inns .
●
CLASS AA Semifinals Thursday , May 24
Schuylkill Haven 13 , Panther Valley 0 , 5 inns .
Championship Tuesday , May 29
Minersville 7 , Schuylkill Haven 0
●
CLASS 3A Quarterfinals Wednesday , May 23
Pine Grove 11 , Marian 1 , 5 inns .
Salisbury 15 , Palmerton 5 , 6 inns .
North Schuylkill 5 , Pen Argyl 0
Northern Lehigh 6 , Palisades 1
Semifinals Thursday , May 24
Pine Grove 5 , Salisbury 2
North Schuylkill 6 , N. Lehigh 1
Championship Tuesday , May 29
North Schuylkill 3 , Pine Grove 2
●
CLASS 4A Quarterfinals Wednesday , May 23
Blue Mountain 10 , Wilson 1
Tamaqua 11 , NW Lehigh 1 , 6 inns .
Semifinals Thursday , May 24
Bethlehem Catholic 11 , Blue Mountain 1 , 5 inns .
Bangor 4 , Tamaqua 3 , 9 inns .
Championship Tuesday , May 29
Bethlehem Catholic 8 , Bangor 2
●
CLASS 5A District 2/11 Subregional Quarterfinal Wednesday , May 23
North Pocono 7 , So . Lehigh 6 , 8 inns .
Semifinals Tuesday , May 24
Abington Heights 9 , North Pocono 0
Pittston Area 1 , Wallenpaupack 0
Championship Wednesday 's score
Pittston 13 , Abington Heights 2
●
CLASS 6A First Round Monday , May 21
Emmaus 15 , Whitehall 7
Stroudsburg 18 , Pocono Mtn . East 3
Liberty 7 , Pleasant Valley 1
Quarterfinals Wednesday , May 23
Parkland 2 , Emmaus 1
No . 5 Bethlehem Freedom ( 15-6 ) at No . 4 Easton ( 15-7 ) , ppd .
No . 6 Stroudsburg ( 17-5 ) at No . 3 Northampton ( 16-5 ) , ppd .
Nazareth 10 , Beth . Liberty 0 , 5 inns .
Thursday , May 24
Easton 2 , Freedom 0
Northampton 10 , Stroudsburg 2
Semifinals Tuesday , May 29
Nazareth 2 , Northampton 0
Parkland 4 , Easton 0
Championship Today 's gameAt Patriots Park
No . 2 Nazareth ( 19-3 ) vs. No . 1 Parkland ( 20-3 ) , 6 p.m .
TUCKER , Ga. ( AP ) - Several horses traveled down a highway in Georgia and motorist had to hold their horses .
News outlets report that a total of 10 horses decided to take to the streets and ended up blocking traffic on Highway 78 near North DeKalb Mall on Saturday morning .
Motorists came to a standstill as police blocked off traffic to ensure the safety of the motorists and the horses .
Police were on the scene at 9 a.m. trying to contain them , and all lanes were open by 9:30 a.m .
Little Creek Horse Farm confirmed in a Saturday Facebook post that it was their horses that decided to take a trip on the highway . The post says steps will immediately be taken to assure this does n't happen again .
By JARRETT A. LOBELL
Monday , December 11 , 2017
A monumental rock-cut chamber tomb has been excavated in central Greece near the ancient city of Orchomenos , the most important regional center during the Mycenaean period . In a cemetery of similar structures , this tomb is distinguished by its size—at 452 square feet , it is the ninth largest of the more than 4,000 Mycenaean chamber tombs excavated over the last 150 years , says University of Cambridge archaeologist Yannis Galanakis . It is even more notable for its contents , which include the remains of one man and a substantial amount of jewelry . “ Mycenaean rock-cut chamber tombs were used for multiple burials , so to find only one burial is extraordinary , ” says Galanakis . The artifacts have also surprised scholars . “ There is very little painted pottery , which is always found in contemporary tombs , ” explains Galanakis . “ But there is a lot of jewelry , which previously has been ascribed to female burials . Now we can ask why certain objects were selected while others were n't . ”
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives blew past their governing Liberal rivals in last year 's annual fundraising race — in donors as well as dollars .
Annual financial reports published on the Elections Canada website show the Tories raised $ 18.84 million from 94,786 contributors in 2017 , outflanking the Liberals by nearly $ 5 million .
That 's compared with $ 18.25 million the Conservatives raised from 82,662 donors in 2016 .
For their part , the Liberals raised $ 13.89 million from just 64,444 contributors , compared with $ 17.18 million from 82,285 donors the previous year .
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
RALEIGH , N.C. ( AP ) — Jorge Alves usually sharpens the Carolina Hurricanes ' skates . Lately , the team 's equipment manager has been lacing up his own .
It 's been a wild past few days for Alves . The 37-year-old former Marine , ex-minor leaguer and veteran of the team 's equipment staff suddenly found himself in uniform for an NHL game — and even , for 7.6 unforgettable seconds , on the ice — as the Hurricanes ' emergency goalie while regular backup Eddie Lack was too sick to play .
And when the Hurricanes returned to practice Monday , he was back on the ice again — he regularly suits up during morning skates when one of the goalies on the roster is unavailable — and trying to get comfortable with the attention his unusual story has generated .
“ This is the brightest stage in our sport , and it 's just , to have the honor to do this , everybody dreams about it , ” Alves said . “ Just working out and running and stuff , I 'm always thinking about it — what if it ever happened ? What would I do ? How would I react ? And then , when it actually did happen , I kind of went blank . You ca n't prepare for that . It was unexpected and it was just quite a memory . ”
Advertisement
It 's not like Alves does n't know his way around a rink : After serving four years in the Marines , he played club hockey at North Carolina State from 2002-04 and skated in the ECHL and the low-level Southern Professional Hockey League . He first worked with Carolina 's equipment staff during the 2003-04 season and became a full-time equipment manager in 2012-13 .
The Hurricanes found themselves in a pinch when Lack fell ill before Saturday night 's game at Tampa Bay . Roughly two hours before the puck drop , they announced the signing of Alves to a professional tryout contract and issued him jersey No . 40 . His mask — which he painted himself , based on drawings by a local illustrator — features caricatures of the team 's other equipment men .
“ I think we were literally watching that guy 's dream come true right before our eyes , ” starter Cam Ward said . “ Seeing how emotional he got before that game made everybody emotional . And I said to him right before the game , ‘ They do n't ask how or why , but you made it to the NHL . ' ”
Ward bucked the tradition of having the starting goalie lead the team onto the ice for pregame warmups , letting Alves have the spotlight for himself . And with 7.6 seconds left and the outcome all but decided — the Lightning led 3-1 — coach Bill Peters sent Alves onto the ice to replace Ward . He did n't have to face a shot but was handed the puck by teammate Jeff Skinner .
“ Every time I see it , I kind of get choked up , ” Alves said . “ Seven-point-six seconds is going to be near and dear to me . ”
A repeat does n't seem likely Tuesday night when New Jersey visits : Peters says if Lack is too sick to skate against the Devils , the team will recall someone from its AHL affiliate in Charlotte .
That seems fine with Alves , who joked with alternate captain Jordan Staal that the Hurricanes ' shooters were n't about to take it easy on him during his first practice since his big debut .
“ I told Jordan , ‘ It was only 7.6 seconds , guys , ' ” Alves said . “ I 'm not an NHLer . ”
With only one week to go , Peterhead Prison Museum team is busy preparing for the upcoming large scale Lego and diecast model event , coupled with a toy fair .
On November 4 , from 10am to 4pm , the museum will host many of the UK 's top Lego builders and diecast model exhibitors that are sure to set young ( and not so young ) minds alight with ideas .
This is the largest such exhibition seen in this region museum staff are sure it will be a great day out for all ages .
Due to the scale of the event the museum itself will be closed on the day , but open on November 5 for business as usual .
In addition to the exhibition itself , there will be a wide range of toys on offer . Toy Masters mascots will also be walking the halls , so for that special “ selfie ”
it will provide another great on- off opportunity for all ages to have fun with .
Facilities development co-ordinator , Alex Geddes , told The Buchanie : `` The scale of the event has been unseen in this area and by working with local business ' and modellers this will make it a unique event linked to local and UK providers .
`` In addition , some tasty treats will be on hand thanks to local providers Bon-Bon Confectioners , Celtic Catering supplying hog roast , candy apples and candy floss options along with the Nippy Chippy with freshly caught local produce . The museum 's own Refuge Café will also be open on the day
providing great sea views from the café area and a range of items for that light lunch and winter warming soup . ''
Entry to the event is £3 per person ( with under fives admitted free ) , and if you have not managed to get your copy of the recently released “ Hostage on the Roof ” by former prison officer Jackie Stuart , he will be in attendance on the day for a book signing opportunity in the museum gift shop .
At 5pm the event will end with a fireworks display provided by Inverurie Fireworx and this will end the 2017 special events at the museum .
If you intend beating the crowds and arrive early , but would like to see the display please hold on to your receipt and produce in upon return to gain entry to the finale .
Please note that winter operating hours will commence on November 1 until March 31 , where the museum will be open 10am to 4pm daily with last entry being 2.30pm .
The museum is closed on December 25 and 26 and January 1 and 2 , but open at all other times .
Mr Geddes added : “ We are delighted to host such a large scale event at the museum and this will conclude our special advents at the museum for 2017 .
Our aim is to work closely with local talent and business providers to benefit the local community and showcase the local offering to the visitors that arrive at the museum from across the country and at times internationally . ''
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
AUSTIN – Austin police just confirmed what residents have feared for weeks — a suspected serial bomber is on the loose .
For the fourth time this month , a device exploded on Austin residents . What makes Sunday night 's blast especially terrifying is that the device was left on the side of a residential road , Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday .
Investigators have found similarities between that device and three previous bombs , which were stuffed inside packages and left on residents ' doorsteps , the police chief said .
“ We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point , ” Manley said .
Timeline of the bombings
The latest device — which was triggered by a tripwire — shows “ a higher level of sophistication , a higher level of skill , ” he said .
And unlike the victims of the previous blasts , the two men injured in Sunday 's explosion are white , Austin police said . Both men are expected to recover .
“ The use of a tripwire is far less discriminating than leaving parcel bombs at residences and suggests that the latest victims were not specifically targeted , ” said Stratfor Threat Lens , a global think tank .
“ The device 's success , despite significantly different design , further suggests that the bombmaker behind these attacks is an accomplished one , and has likely to have received some training , perhaps as a military or police explosive ordnance disposal technician . ”
Latest developments
The Travis Country neighborhood of Austin will remain on lockdown until 2 p.m. CT , Manley said , as authorities investigate the pieces of evidence strewn across a wide area .
Manley asked anyone in the neighborhood with security camera footage to call police .
The Austin public school district says it could n't send buses to the affected neighborhood Monday because of police activity and said absences would be excused .
“ As the bombmaker changes up design and geography , all residents of Austin and surrounding areas should avoid suspicious items , ” Stratfor says .
‘ Extra level of vigilance ' needed
The circumstances of Sunday 's blast were different from previous explosions , the police chief said .
“ We 're not believing that this was similar to previous ones , as in packages left on doorsteps . But instead , this was some type of suspicious package that was left on the side of the road , that detonated and injured these two men , ” Manley said .
The latest explosion comes less than a week after police said three previous package explosions — in a span of 10 days — were connected . Those explosions killed a man and a teenager , and injured two others .
The victims in those three explosions were African-American or Hispanic . Police have not yet discovered a motive , but have not ruled out the possibility those bombings could be hate crimes .
Police are working under the belief that the explosions are related . Manley said they 'll get a better idea with a post-blast analysis and examination of the device components .
In the meantime , Manley told residents not to touch or go near anything that looks suspicious .
“ We now need the community to have an extra level of vigilance and pay attention to any suspicious device — whether it be a package or a bag , a backpack — anything that looks out of place , ” Manley said Monday . “ Do not approach items like that .
‘ It 's a family neighborhood '
Stan Malachowski , who lives about half a mile away from the blast Sunday , said he heard a loud explosion .
“ It was loud enough to hear inside of our house with our windows and door shut . Again , airplanes go by and cars backfire so we did n't think much of it , ” he told CNN affiliate KXAN .
“ This is a quiet neighborhood . It 's a family neighborhood . It 's concerning . ”
All three entrances to the neighborhood have been blocked off .
On edge
Many in Austin have been on edge since the bombings , as some residents of color say they feel under threat .
But unlike the first three bombings , which happened in east Austin , the latest attack happened in a predominately white part of town .
The reward for information leading to the arrest of whoever 's responsible for the three explosions increased to a total of $ 115,000 , authorities said earlier Sunday .
“ We believe that the recent explosive incidents that have occurred in the city of Austin were meant to send a message , ” Manley said in a news conference .
“ We hope this person or persons is watching and will reach out to us before anyone else is injured or anyone else is killed out of this event , ” he added .
Officials have urged residents to call police with any tips they may have , even if the information seems to be “ inconsequential . ”
South by Southwest , the huge film , interactive and music festival , wrapped up Sunday , but a bomb threat was made against it Saturday that resulted in the cancellation of a concert featuring The Roots .
Actor Jang Keun Suk reveals his unique , funky steps in the new SBS drama 'SWITCH'.On March 19 , the production team of the drama unveiled photos of Jang Keun Suk playing an optimistic swindler named Sa Do-chan with light steps on his way to work.For the drama , Jang Keun Suk plays two different characters , a clever swindler named Sa Do-chan and a righteous prosecutor named Paik Jun-su.In the scene , Jang Keun Suk plays Sa Do-chan who excitedly passes the exit of the office with jumpy , funky steps.His big smiles and amusing facial expressions make people burst into laughter.Staffs of the drama noted , `` Jang Keun Suk is the right actor to play the role of Sa Do-chan . He does n't have any boundaries to change the roles . From Sa Do-chan to Paik Jun-su , he freely transcends the character . `` They continued , `` He is very passionate and dedicated to the drama . With strong affection for the characters , Jang Keun Suk also actively participates in styling and building distinctive facial expressions and speech style of each one . `` They ended their comments , `` Please keep an eye on the drama . It will be the best drama of the year . `` The first episode of 'SWITCH ' is aired on March 28 . ( Credit= SBS funE , 'SWITCH ' Official Website ) ( SBS Star )
UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) - The U.N. Mideast envoy says the latest escalation in Gaza between its Hamas rulers and Israel is a warning of `` how close to the brink of war we are every day . ''
Nikolay Mladenov told an emergency Security Council meeting on Wednesday that the international community should `` unequivocally condemn '' Hamas ' rocket and mortar attack against Israel .
But he said `` the dangerous escalation '' ca n't be divorced from two months of protests at the Gaza fence in which some 110 Palestinians were killed and large numbers injured by Israeli fire .
The Security Council remained paralyzed , unable to agree on any action .
U.S . Ambassador Nikki Haley , who called the meeting , said a proposed statement to condemn the Hamas attacks was blocked . The U.S. previously blocked three statements to condemn Israeli killings during the protests .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) — Wisconsin tight end Troy Fumagalli made a leaping 8-yard touchdown catch in the fourth quarter and the Badgers won 24-16 in the Cotton Bowl on Monday to deny Western Michigan an undefeated season .
The TD catch by Fumagalli with 14 minutes left , in the back of the end zone between two defenders , came three plays after a rare interception thrown by Zach Terrell and made it 24-10 .
With their “ Row The Boat ” mentality inspired by young head coach P.J . Fleck , the Broncos ( 13-1 ) made it from one win during his first season in Kalamazoo three years ago to the last FBS team other than No . 1 Alabama this season with a chance to be undefeated .
But Wisconsin ( 11-3 ) , which finished with 11 wins for the fourth time in seven seasons , was clearly bigger and stronger — especially up front . The Big Ten Badgers set the tone early , with rushing touchdowns on their first two drives to take a 14-0 lead against the Group of Five team .
Advertisement
Fumagalli had several other highlight catches , including a one-handed 20-yard grab on the Badgers ' opening drive , and a 26-yard catch to convert third-and-8 after Western Michigan scored in the fourth quarter .
Terrell combined with All-America receiver Corey Davis for 51 career touchdowns , tying the FBS record on an 11-yarder on fourth down with 3:27 left . Even with cornerback Sojourn Shelton 's arms wrapped around him in the back of the end zone , Davis broke free to make the catch .
Western Michigan 's senior quarterback had 33 touchdowns and only four interceptions this season , the last pick by Wisconsin linebacker T.J. Edwards .
TAKEAWAY
Western Michigan : The Broncos never backed down and Fleck has set a solid foundation for them to keep rowing forward , even with the loss of guys like Davis and Terrell , who were part of that one-win season in 2013 . Western Michigan had only 280 total yards , 217 below its season average .
Wisconsin : The only losses this season for the Badgers were to Big Ten foes Michigan , Ohio State and Penn State — all who also played in New Year 's Six games . Freshman quarterback Alex Hornibrook , who started nine games before a concussion forced him to miss the Big Ten championship game , was 2-of-2 passing . He threw the TD pass to Fumagalli , who finished with six catches for 83 yards .
UP NEXT
Western Michigan knows it has to continue play Power Five teams to have chances for more New Year 's Six games , and maybe eventually a playoff appearance . The Broncos open next season Sept. 2 at USC , a week before they play Michigan State , another Big Ten opponent .
Wisconsin always gets a chance to prove itself in the Big Ten . So the Badgers can ease into its season , and will Sept. 1 at home against Utah State .
___
More AP college football coverage : www.collegefootball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
As Formula 1 banishes female models from its races , longtime grid girl Rebecca Cooper explains why it is bad news for women .
I 've always been a motorsports fan . I grew up watching them with my dad , who taught me the meaning of being black-flagged and pointed out the backmarkers . So when I saw a job casting for a “ grid girl ” , aged 22 , I jumped at the chance to be in the thick of the action . Eight years on , Formula 1 have just banned us from the 2018 season - we 're out of fashion , apparently , and “ at odds ” with modern-day values . But these values stop women doing a job we love and are proud to do , you have to wonder if the modern world 's become a little odd itself .
I was already doing modelling work when I started as a grid girl , but this was a different game altogether . The job offers are n't just based on looks - though there are , of course , physical requirements ; usually , you must be a size 8 to 12 and at least 5ft 5in - they want to know who you are and how adept you will be at the meet-and-greet part of the role . Each job must be applied for afresh . A passion for the sport also helps . For all this , we are usually paid around £100 a day - far less than people might assume .
Before each event , we 're sent the low-down on what it will involve : what we will be doing and what we will be wearing . No one is forced to turn up and wear anything they 're not comfortable with , and anyone who claims we are forced into skimpy outfits is at least 20 years out of date . If we did n't like the uniform , we did n't have to do the job . But in this post-Weinstein world , it seems women are deemed incapable of standing up for themselves .
On the day itself , it 's an early start : up before dawn to be at the circuit for 6am , ahead of the arrival of the public . For me , that might be a good 150 miles from West Yorkshire to Silverstone . Once there , we get changed - I 've worn everything from a polka dot A-line dress ( I heard someone remark we looked “ more like bankers ” ) to overalls - and receive a briefing from the organisers about what 's going to happen . Then it 's off to the grid , where the work begins , and often does n't end until around 9pm .
Kate Emery : Grid girs are a notion that has had its day .
To the armchair enthusiasts watching at home , it looks as if our only job is to stand in front of a car holding a flag , or to get up on a podium and clap - I was up there with Lewis Hamilton , shortly after he came under fire for spraying champagne straight into the face of one of the grid girls after his win at the Chinese Grand Prix in 2015 - but there 's more to it than hanging around . We also have to engage with the fans , both in the hospitality suites and the pit lanes , while they 're waiting for autographs . Most of the girls are motorsports fans : if we did n't know what we were talking about , we would n't get very far in our conversations with the punters . We 're not just standing there looking pretty , we 're out there representing the brands .
The fans are mostly , but not exclusively , men and if we get some wolf-whistling and catcalling when we walk out on to the bridge , it 's no more than you 'd get just walking down the street or on a night out . I 've never seen or been on the receiving end of any male misbehaviour more inappropriate than I 've encounter in a bar . The attention is not something I take too seriously , and nor does it bother my fiance . In fact , it 's more hurtful to hear the women tut-tutting and eye-rolling at our outfits .
The idea that we 're there merely as some kind of adornment just does n't wash. As a grid girl , you 're made to feel part of the team ; you 're in the garages with the team members and you 're always well looked after . We 're not plied with booze or dragged to any after-parties . On the contrary , we ca n't drink on the job , and at the end of the day I go home to my own bed .
“ Once you 're out there on the podium , surrounded by the fans , that 's when you feel it 's the best gig in the world ”
They say it 's an honour to be a grid girl , and I genuinely feel it is . This is something I have chosen to do ; less for the money , more for the thrill . We 're told that as part of female empowerment , women should be proud of their bodies and do as they choose with them . Well , who chooses which women get to choose ? We grid girls have been accused of demeaning women and failing to represent our sex positively . Someone even compared us to prostitutes . But none of these people understand what we do , or that we really enjoy doing it .
The presence of women like us is a well-loved tradition across numerous sports : from the walk-on girls in darts ( though the Professional Darts Corporation has announced their days are numbered , too ) to the ring girls in boxing . But organisers are now under pressure to look like they 're doing the right thing . Right for whom ? Not for the spectators . Or for the girls who do it for the love of the job ; for the sense of camaraderie and the excitement of being there on the track . Not once have I felt like a victim .
I 'm 30 now and have a six-year-old daughter , who sometimes come with me to watch . Whether she wants to be a grid girl , an engineer or something else entirely , I 'll be happy , just as long as the choice is hers .
As well as continuing to model , I 've also got my own company organising fireworks displays , so I do not - I could not - rely on my work as a grid girl to pay the bills . I have friends who are nurses or teachers , but still choose to come and spend their weekends as grid girls purely for the enjoyment of it . For others , it 's a way of making extra cash while at university - there are even doctors and lawyers .
Like any job there are downsides . When you drag yourself from bed early in the morning to have your hair and make-up done before spending a long day in high heels , you do sometimes wonder , “ Why on Earth do I bother ? ”
But once you 're out there on the podium , surrounded by the fans , that 's when you feel it 's the best gig in the world . We 'll miss it when it 's gone .
As told to Rosa Silverman of the Telegraph Media Group , London .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) — Lance Lynn pitched seven shutout innings , Kolten Wong homered and the St. Louis Cardinals stopped a three-game losing streak , beating the Pittsburgh Pirates 2-1 Monday night .
The Cardinals , who had lost six of seven , are 4-9 and still have the worst record in the NL . Pittsburgh had won three in a row before losing in a game that took only 2 hours , 14 minutes .
Lynn ( 1-1 ) allowed three hits and struck out five while walking one . He also hit two batters .
Seung-Hwan Oh worked around an RBI double by pinch hitter Gregory Polanco in the ninth to record the Cardinals ' first save of the season . The last time it took St. Louis 13 games into a season to get a save was 1980 , when Mark Littell closed out the Phillies at Veterans Stadium .
Advertisement
Ivan Nova ( 1-2 ) gave up five hits and no walks in eight innings while striking out three . In 14 overall starts for the Pirates , Nova has four complete games and a grand total of three walks .
Wong led off the third with a home run that landed in the right field bullpen .
St. Louis added a run in the seventh when Randal Grichuk singled , stole second , took third on a throwing error by catcher Francisco Cervelli and scored on a single by Jose Martinez .
Trevor Rosenthal pitched a spotless eighth for the Cardinals . Polanco doubled with two outs in the ninth before Oh retired pinch hitter John Jaso on a grounder .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Pirates : Polanco did not start for the third game due to right groin discomfort .
Cardinals : 1B Matt Carpenter did not start . He was hit in the bare hand on a groundout Sunday night against the Yankees . He appeared to damage the nail on his right ring finger .
TRADE
Pittsburgh acquired RHP Johnny Barbato from the New York Yankees on Monday for a player to be named or cash . Barbato , 24 , was optioned to Triple-A Indianapolis where he will work as a reliever . He was designated for assignment by the Yankees on Wednesday .
STREAKS
The Pirates ' Josh Harrison was hit by Lynn 's pitch in the second inning and in the fourth inning . That marked four consecutive plate appearances he was hit by a pitch . … Pittsburgh 's Andrew McCutchen singled to left in the first inning . He has hit safely in eight consecutive games .
UP NEXT
Pirates : RHP Chad Kuhl ( 0-1 , 2.38 ERA ) will make his third start . The 24-year-old Kuhl is 0-1 with a 6.43 ERA in two career starts against the Cardinals .
Cardinals : RHP Mike Leake ( 1-1 , 3.00 ERA ) will make his third outing coming off pitching seven scoreless innings in a 6-1 win at Washington . He is 9-5 with a 3.36 ERA in 28 starts against Pittsburgh .
by Laura Rodley
For over 30 years , Prudy Wholey , who is better known as Farmer Prudy , has been raising beef and pork to sell to loyal , repeat customers . To give an idea of the longevity of her customers , families order their meat from her throughout their children 's school years and beyond . Mostly , her customers pick up their orders at her home in Shelburne , MA , but each fall , one person comes to pick up beef orders packed in boxes that she takes across the state to board the ferry and deliver to people on Martha 's Vineyard .
Involving a ferry for deliveries is fitting as Wholey lives near Bardwell Ferry Road in Shelburne and runs along the Deerfield River — once forded by an actual ferry .
Prudy hails from a farm family , as her father Lawrence Wholey owned Ferry Farm in Shelburne , that included a farm in Conway . After her father died in 1961 , when she was 10 , all the children helped on the farm . The farm is now owned by her brother James , who has retired from dairy farming but still makes hay . Her younger brother John sells raw milk at his own farm , Wholey Cow Farm in Conway , MA .
Prudy and her former husband bought their own farm in Shelburne in 1981 . At the time , it was a dairy farm named Fiske Farm with a huge , two story gray barns built in 1929 . They took out the stanchions and left the space underneath open for beef cattle . Prudy had worked at nearby Foxbard Farms , with their Angus beef cattle . “ I like Angus cattle , that 's what I 'm used to . I think they 're very good beef cattle , ” said Wholey . She also raised Herefords , or other crossbred cattle that she buys at auctions , cattle that she likes , and that are affordable . Her preference remains Angus .
Prudy raises four beef steers at a time , and likes to have standing orders for all of them . They eat the pasture down , and there are not so many that they overgraze it . Right now , they are off pasture and staying in the barnyard “ so they do n't walk off all their food , ” as they are a few weeks away from going to the slaughter and packing house in Wilmington , VT . They get a little bit of grain and lots of apples from a nearby orchard in Shelburne and round bales hay from her brother James ' farm . They each have names , and she knows their preferences for liking apples or rowan , which is second cutting hay . “ I like them to be happy . Same with the pigs , ” said Wholey .
She also raises three to four pigs , Yorkshires , or crossbred pigs , mostly Hampshire Yorkshire crosses at a time , twice a year . She buys them as piglets from her neighbors farm a quarter mile away . They are trucked to her farm in a dog crate . The pigs eat an assortment of fruit — peaches , apples , and pears — seconds , that got passed over for selling to people due to blemishes or bruises and milk and grain . Pigs also do n't perspire , they drink lots of water in hot weather and she keeps it available to them at all times . A friend built a wooden chute that can be disassembled so that the pigs do n't have to jump into her friend 's trailer on their out . This way , they just step a little way into the trailer .
Wholey notifies all her customers when to pick up their orders and they are ready and waiting . Her friends and nearby neighbor farmers help to deliver the produce and pick up and truck the cattle and pigs for her as she is legally blind , and therefore , can not drive . It has not stopped her . She is a farmer , local historian , prize winning poet , and lends a helping hand to all her neighbors and friends .
She has also kept chickens for meat , but currently is allowing a friend to keep his chickens in her immaculate chicken shed .
Wholey has farmed all her life . “ It 's consistent . I 'm here every day . I rarely take off or go away on vacation , ” she said .
Helping feed her brother 's cows one icy February morning in 2015 , a cow was trying to get some of the grain she was carrying in two buckets . Another cow banged into that cow , and she fell , hitting Wholey on her leg along the way . Wholey sustained two stress fractures and a broken ankle . After her ankle surgery , she stayed the ensuing three months at her sister 's as she healed , and her family and friends fed her stock . “ It pays to have family and friends . They help keep me going. ” In turn , she helps them keep going .
NIB finally improves through Inland online services…
As a part of the government 's “ Ease of Doing Business ” initiative , the National Insurance Board ( NIB ) is pleased to advise of upcoming changes in the application process for business registration and contribution status letters ( letters of good standing ) . These changes will coincide with upgrades to the Department of Inland Revenue 's ( DIR ) website , which will be available on February 5 , 2018 . The changes to the website will eliminate the need for employers and self-employed persons to visit NIB to register new businesses and obtain contribution status letters for business license renewals . With the new integrated application process for business license , employers can look forward to submitting their NIB applications online through the Department of Inland Revenue 's ( DIR ) website at “ inlandrevenue.finance.gov.bs ” .
Employers will need to be compliant with NIB contributions for their business license to be approved , and are encouraged to ensure that their accounts are up-to-date . It should be noted that contribution payment can not be made using the DIR website . Persons may continue to make contribution payments either in-person at an NIB Office , or online through the Royal Bank of Canada .
The process to obtain contribution status letters for the renewal of work permits for the Department of Immigration purposes will remain the same until further notice , and requires an in-person application at NIB offices .
NIB appreciates the cooperation of the public in transitioning to the new business registration process , and aims to continue to improve its customer service .
Samajwadi Party MP Amar Singh says he won ` t mind his expulsion from the party but would definitely feel bad if Mulayam Singh Yadav discards him from his heart .
`` I will feel bad if Mulayam ji will discard me from his heart and if I would be expelled from the party then it will not be regretful for me , '' Singh says .
Singh further says he would not mind being called as villain as long as Mulayam is with him .
Odell Beckham Jr. has a penchant for popping up in the darndest places , and it can be hard to keep track of him and his globe-trotting lifestyle . But of all the strange and eccentric places for Beckham to be spotted , for many , this one may seem to be the least likely .
Beckham is with the Giants , participating as much as he is allowed to in this week 's voluntary veteran minicamp that began on Tuesday . He was n't traded . He is n't holding out . He 's not even rehabbing in some glamorous city where he can train during the day and party at night .
Go figure .
After weeks of speculation over what Beckham wants , what the Giants might do , and what their future together holds , Beckham 's presence makes it clear that his intention is to be a member of the organization . Now and probably for the long-term . Showing up at a voluntary minicamp goes a long way toward showing respect to a new coaching staff , assuaging maturity fears from the front office , and extending what may be seen as a peace offering in what is still the early stages of a long-term contract negotiation .
It 's such a gesture that head coach Pat Shurmur , who last spoke about a month ago only vaguely about Beckham 's place on the team in 2018 , offered the most concrete assurances of the wide receiver 's status this offseason .
“ Absolutely , ” Shurmur said on Tuesday when asked if Beckham will be a Giant in the fall . “ He 's an excellent player . He 's a part of our team and a very valued member of our team . ”
Beckham did n't just show up , either . He 's been with the team in some capacity since the start of the offseason training program two weeks ago . And after a season in which he spent a good deal of time away from the players and the locker room rehabbing from ankle surgery , the Giants definitely sense a difference from his presence .
“ Man , you can tell the difference around the facility whenever that guy is in the building , ” fellow wide receiver Sterling Shepard said . “ You get a happy feeling . He 's always making people laugh everywhere he goes , so it 's good to have him in the building . ”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
On the field for practice will have to wait . While Beckham and others have posted training videos of him running routes , catching passes , and even pulling an SUV , the Giants want to be super cautious with his return . He participated in Tuesday 's walk-through but was to be limited to stretching with the team prior to the full practice in the afternoon . He 's expected to adhere to that schedule during the three-day camp .
“ I think the training room is saving him from himself right now , ” Shepard said . “ They 're kind of holding him back . ”
Shepard said he has spent some time working with Beckham this offseason away from the team .
“ To be honest , I forget that he got hurt sometimes , ” Shepard said .
Perhaps the clearest sign that Beckham wants to be a Giant is his burgeoning relationship with Shurmur . He 's played for two previous head coaches in his time with the Giants , and each at times seemed to tip-toe around the star player . Shurmur has struck up a man-to-man connection .
“ We constantly communicate , ” Shurmur said . “ We had a great talk [ Monday ] , he came in and we sat down as we were getting ready for this minicamp so we could talk about what we 're trying to get accomplished . We 've spoken on the phone , we text . We 're very honest and open with one another and we communicate frequently . ”
“ It 's like any relationship , ” Shurmur said .
Most significantly , it 's not a long-distance one .
TCU has responded to former Horned Frogs wide receiver Kolby Listenbee 's lawsuit against the school by filing a countersuit against Listenbee , claiming he sued the wrong people .
This week , Listenbee alleged in a lawsuit that head coach Gary Patterson led an effort to bully and belittle him into returning to game action before he was sufficiently recovered from a pelvic injury . Listenbee claimed that action ended his college career and prevented him from a chance to earn an NFL salary .
TCU filed a countersuit , and TCU Diehards obtained a copy of it . The school claims in its suit that the court should dismiss Listenbee 's suit because TCU is not responsible for Listenbee 's potential lost NFL earnings .
The university argues that its doctors were contractors working for the school and not school employees . As a result , the school claims , Listenbee should sue Dr. Michele Kirk and Dr. Jason Mogonye , not Patterson , former TCU offensive coordinator Doug Meacham , and former TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte .
Digital Media platform PopSugar is getting in on the live-event frenzy by throwing its own weekend-long festival . PopSugar Play/Ground , which will take place in New York on June 9 and 10 , is engineered to create an experience out of the PopSugar brand .
“ We know our audience loves events , and we wanted to do an event that has all different elements of our site coming to life , ” said PopSugar founder and president Lisa Sugar . “ It 's a lot of that playful , positive attitude that 's very celebrity-based and has a lot of shopping . ”
The lineup includes panels on happiness , activism , digital detox and fitness , and features celebrities popular with the PopSugar demographic such as Mindy Kaling , Yara Shahidi and Kate Hudson .
The festival , which is being organized with event partner Reed Exhibitions , will include a retail hall with more than 50 brands with items selected by PopSugar editors , including Solid & Striped , Elizabeth & James , Malin + Goetz , Stony Clover Lane , Westward Leaning and exclusive items made for the event from brands such as Rothy 's shoes and Kule .
“ We wanted the retail hall to have different things than what you can get in a cute neighborhood or at the mall , ” Sugar said .
Play/Ground represents PopSugar 's first large-scale foray into the events business . Prior to this , PopSugar has created experiential events as part of larger festivals like Coachella , but has not had a stand-alone festival of its own .
At a time when media companies are looking to expand their business , it 's not surprising that this is one part of PopSugar 's larger strategy to diversify its revenue stream — an effort that has , thus far , largely centered on beauty .
“ Play/Ground is another natural extension for us to have a consumer moment and extend our brand into other places , ” Sugar said .
Read more :
Kohl 's , With Help From PopSugar , Looks to Reel In More Millennials
PopSugar 's Beauty by PopSugar Readies for Rollout
PopSugar Ramps Up Its Beauty Profile
LARAMIE– University of Wyoming guard Justin James will return to the Cowboys for his senior season . James filed the paper work to withdraw his name from the NBA Draft Wednesday , and will now prepare for his final collegiate season .
“ I 'm extremely excited to announce I will be returning to Wyoming for my senior season , ” James said .
“ I 'm very grateful for the opportunities and feedback I have received from NBA executives over the last month . But now I will focus on leading the Brown and Gold in competing for a Mountain West Championship in my final season . ”
University of Wyoming sports coverage
in Southwest Wyoming is supported by these great sponsors :
James Will Continue to Grow at UW
James announced he was declaring for the NBA Draft on March 26 , without signing with an agent . He participated in private workouts with numerous NBA franchises before deciding to return to Wyoming .
“ I received some very promising feedback from around the NBA , ” James said . “ I will continue to grow my game here in Laramie and put myself in position to live my dream and play at the next level following one more season playing for the Cowboys . ”
Argentina is out with a loss . A draw might get the Albicelestes into the playoffs , but that scenario is iffy .
In the event of a draw , Argentina makes the playoffs if Peru loses its final match with Colombia , and Paraguay fails to beat Venezuela .
`` The situation is not comfortable , '' Sampaoli said . `` But qualifying still depends on us . I remain hopeful that if we play like today ( Thursday ) , we are going to qualify . ''
Argentina 's problem ? Goals .
In the last four matches it 's scored just one . Sampaoli , whose teams are known for their attacking , has been in charge for three of those games .
To make matters worse , the lone goal was an own-goal against lowly Venezuela ; this from the World Cup runners-up in Brazil three years ago who lost to Germany 1-0 in the final .
Argentina has only 16 goals in 17 qualifiers . Only Bolivia is worse with 14 .
`` We are a very strong team in knowing what to look for in each match , '' said Sampaoli , the third coach for Argentina in this World Cup cycle . `` I 'm at peace . These are strong players by nature . ''
But will that be enough ?
By Ricardo Zuniga , The Associated Press
AMERICUS , Ga. — It 's been two months and one week since a tragic shooting took the lives of two police officers in Americus , Georgia .
Americus Police Officer Nicholas Smarr and his best friend , Georgia Southwestern State University Public safety Officer Jody Smith were gunned down on December 7 , 2016 , responding to a domestic situation .
The tragedy propelled the small quaint community into the national spotlight .
It seemed Jody Smith was destined to go into law enforcement . His mother works for the Sumter County Sheriff 's Office . His father , is a former Sheriff of Telfair County .
“ After it happened , I did n't rest . I did n't eat . All I could do is cry . I miss my baby , ” said Sergeant Sharron Johnson , Jody Smith 's mother .
“ Those boys did it exactly text book correct . It was exactly the thing I would have done after 26 years in law enforcement . They did it perfect and they still died , ” said former Telfair County Sheriff Johnny Smith , Jody Smith 's father .
Since Jody 's death , Sharron has begun a mission to help win souls . She says to do anything else , such as allow bitterness to overtake her , would not be honoring her beloved son .
Smith and Smarr got their start in law enforcement when they were hired by Sheriff Smith in Telfair County . He said they did so well , he sent them to the police academy . They graduated on December 7 , 2012 . They died together four years to the day in 2016 .
WASHINGTON — Later school start times in Montgomery County , Maryland , that have been in place for nearly two years are prompting new concerns from some education leaders that younger students are having trouble adjusting .
According to The Washington Post , elementary school principals and union officials have been lobbying the county 's board of education , asking members to reinstate the old start times .
“ We believe a return to the 2014-2015 bell schedule is in the best interest of our students and educators , ” the teachers union said in a letter .
The union that represents the county 's principals and administrators also asked the board to reverse course , the Post reports .
Under changes implemented in 2015 , high school and middle school classes start 20 minutes later than previously ; elementary school days start 10 minutes later and end 20 minutes later .
The high school day now runs from 7:45 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. ; middle schools , 8:15 a.m. to 3 p.m. ; elementary schools in Tier 1 , from 9 a.m. to 3:25 p.m. , and elementary schools in Tier 2 , from 9:25 a.m. to 3:50 p.m .
Supporters of the move say it is healthy for students and gives them more time to get adequate sleep .
But those who now are expressing concerns argue younger students are becoming too tired from having a later start time , longer bus rides and a longer day . They say some students arrive at school too early because their parents drop them off and need to get to work , while others can get home too late after extracurricular activities .
“ Before the changes in bell times our students would get home closer to 4:45 pm , and now it 's beyond 5 p.m. , ” Andrew Winter , principal at Lucy V. Barnsley Elementary School , told the board last month .
“ Parents share that it also affects time with tutors , clubs , instrumental lessons , and sports , ” he said . “ I further hear about how tired students are due to the extended day of leaving an hour or more before school begins and getting home an hour or later after dismissal . ”
The school board is scheduled to take up the issue during a meeting Jan. 10 . The meeting agenda says members will have a “ discussion about concerns regarding the impact of bell times . ”
“ I think there have been some unintended consequences , ” Board President Michael Durso told the Post .
“ We 'll look at it and discuss it and maybe there are some angles we have n't thought of . We 're just kind of exploratory at this point . ”
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Follow @ WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
ALBEMARLE COUNTY , Va. — The National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) announced Monday that there was no distress call prior to a Virginia State Police helicopter crashing in Albemarle County on Saturday afternoon .
The pilot , Lt. H. Jay Cullen of Midlothian , Va. , and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M . Bates of Quinton , Va. , died at the scene .
The Virginia State Police helicopter , a Bell 407 , left Charlottesville airport at 3:54 p.m. and was flying over the Charlottesville-area assisting with public safety at the “ Unite the Right ” rally .
The NTSB said the helicopter and was over downtown until 4:42 p.m. when it departed to provide support for a motorcade caring Gov . Terry McAuliffe .
The first 911 call for a crash was at 4:44 p.m .
State Police said the helicopter , manufactured in 2000 , crashed into a wooded area near a residence on Old Farm Road .
“ The helicopter 's vertical flight path was about 45 degrees when it descended into trees . The main wreckage came to rest about 100 yards from where the aft portion of the tail boom became lodged in a tree , ” the NTSB said in a press release .
The NTSB and the Virginia State Police are investigating the cause of the fatal crash . The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) is also investigating the incident .
The NTSB said a preliminary report will be available within two to three weeks . The entire investigation is expected to last from 12 to 18 months .
The helicopter was not equipped with a flight data recorder or a cockpit voice recorder , nor was it required to be , according to the NTSB .
AUCKLAND : New Zealand 's cricketers are drawing inspiration from images of Richie McCaw leading the All Blacks to Rugby World Cup glory as they head into their first home day-night Test against England on Thursday .
Despite some injury concerns , New Zealand short-ball specialist Neil Wagner was focused on performing at the Eden Park fortress where the All Blacks are unbeaten in 40 rugby Tests dating back to 1994 .
England quick bowler Chris Broad , meanwhile , believed the first day-night cricket Test on New Zealand soil could be decided in “ one mad hour ” — less time than it takes for a rugby match .
England have selection issues as they ponder the workload Ben Stokes can handle with a troublesome back , while New Zealand are sweating on injured senior batsman Ross Taylor and have former Test opener Martin Guptill on stand-by as a middle order option .
The history of day-night Tests , using a pink ball , favours the home side who have won seven of the eight matches played so far . Further troubling England is their recent Test form , having lost the Ashes 4-0 to Australia in December and January .
Eden Park 's short boundaries should favour batsmen , but that does n't worry Wagner who had match figures of eight for 126 when New Zealand beat India at the ground in 2014 and took three wickets in a tense drawn Test against England the previous year .
“ I love playing at Eden Park , ” he said Tuesday . “ A lot of guys find it funny , being a rugby field and with quite short dimensions .
‘ You get goosebumps '
“ But just the history of it , knowing Richie McCaw and those guys ran out there and won a ( rugby ) World Cup . It 's a pretty special place and when you walk out there you get goosebumps . ”
Wagner sees no problems with the pink ball , saying the same rules apply as when using a white or red ball . “ You 've got to make sure you put it in the right areas , ” he said .
But Broad , needing one more wicket to join teammate James Anderson as the only England players with 400 Test dismissals , believes the pink ball has a life of its own in New Zealand .
After 75 overs during an acclimatisation hit out in Hamilton last weekend the pink ball “ still had the writing on , which is unheard of , ” Broad said .
“ It consistently seems to do more and I ca n't put my finger on it at all … I think it definitely does more in that twilight period over this part of the world than England .
“ The ( Eden Park ) drop-in pitch generally has been really good but with these pink-ball games you only need a one mad hour and you can break the Test match open . ”
Broad is expected to drop down to first change bowler for England , leaving Anderson and Chris Woakes to take the new ball , with a question mark over the remainder of the England bowling line-up .
Stokes suffered back stiffness after the one-day series earlier this month and if there is any doubt he can fill a full bowler 's role then England could be tempted to drop a batsman , possibly James Vince , to bring in an extra pace bowler . —AFP
Credit : Bedford Fire Department
BEDFORD COUNTY , Va. - Crews rescued two people from a crash in Bedford County on Monday morning .
At 10:53 a.m. , a Bedford Fire Department crew responded to the 3200 block of Moneta Road for a single-car crash that involved a rollover .
Crews had to extricate the two people still inside the SUV . Both were treated at the scene and then transported to Centra Lynchburg General Hospital with non-life threatening injuries , according to the Fire Department .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
Jason Spezza scored in the shootout , and the Dallas Stars snapped a three-game losing streak by defeating the Rangers 2-1 on Monday night .
Kari Lehtonen made 24 saves for Dallas in the opener of its four-game East Coast road trip against the Metropolitan Division . Julius Honka scored in the second period .
The Stars had a 1-0 lead before Rick Nash tied it for the Rangers when he tipped in Brady Skjei 's wrist shot with 3:41 left in regulation . Nash made contact with Lehtonen but the Stars goalie was well outside the blue paint . Coach Ken Hitchock challenged the play , but the referees ruled there was no goaltender interference .
CLEVELAND — The Indians are working on a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller 's sore right knee .
Miller , on the disabled list for the second time this season , visited a specialist on Tuesday in New York . Manager Terry Francona said Wednesday he intends to meet with Miller , the team 's medical staff and president Chris Antonetti to `` map out what we want to do . ''
Francona anticipates the team releasing more information Thursday , when the club opens a four-game series in Minnesota .
Antonetti says that surgery is not currently an option .
New NASA photos have revealed an unusual crack forming across Greenland 's Petermann Glacier , threatening to release a huge iceberg into the Arctic Sea . Worryingly , scientists are n't sure how the rift formed in the first place , or what it 'll do next .
While cracks are n't an uncommon sight in ice sheets around the globe these days , this new discovery is alarming because it 's formed in the middle of one of Greenland 's glaciers , not at its edges , and it 's not something scientists saw coming .
In fact , NASA scientists were first notified of the rift on Twitter last week , by Dutch scientist Stef Lhermitte from Delft University of Technology .
Lhermitte studies satellite remote sensing and recently stumbled across an image of what appeared to be a giant crack forming in the Petermann Glacier .
`` I saw a small line and thought 'that seems new ' , '' Lhermitte told Brandon Miller from CNN .
He went back through satellite images and found evidence of the crack as early as July 2016 - however , no one seemed to have noticed it as yet .
Unsure if the rift was the beginning of a new island forming , or simply the glacier splitting apart , Lhermitte put the question out to his Twitter community .
Is this recent internal crack in # Petermann glacier the prelude of a new @ Petermann_ice island ? 1/5 pic.twitter.com/V8qKF1MwmC — Stef Lhermitte ( @ StefLhermitte ) April 12 , 2017
The images caught the attention of NASA 's Operation IceBridge , an airborne survey team documenting changing polar ice , and they sent a flight out to check on the situation last week .
The new photos were released on the operation 's Facebook page on Friday , and show the rift is even more serious than originally expected .
The crack is located on the glacier 's floating ice shelf - which you can think of like the glacier 's tongue that extends into the water from its mouth on land .
Around 70 km ( 43 miles ) in length and 15 km ( 9.3 miles ) in width , the Peterman Glacier 's ice shelf is the largest in the Northern Hemisphere .
What 's especially worrying is that the new rift has formed near the centre of the glacier 's floating ice shelf .
This is n't where scientists expect to find new rifts - usually the cracks begin to form along the edges of a glacier , where the ice melts .
`` Amazing to see a new crack forming and in a location well upstream of the present day calving front , '' Jason Box , a professor with the Geological Survey of Denmark and Greenland , who was n't involved in the latest study , told Chris Mooney from The Washington Post .
He added that it could be a `` prelude to further retreat '' .
That 's because , generally speaking , the farther inland a crack forms , the more unstable it makes the glacier , as CNN reports .
Glacier ice shelves act as a buffer between the inland glacier and the open ocean - the less of a buffer there is , the quicker the land ice of the glacier is going to melt .
And with the Petermann Glacier holding back an estimated 30 centimetres ( 1 foot ) of sea level rise , that 's a pretty big deal .
Without further research , no one 's quite sure how the rift started , but Eric Rignot , an earth scientist from NASA and the University of California at Irvine , told Mooney that the unusual crack could `` indicate that the ice shelf has gotten too thin in the middle '' .
`` The ice shelf is slowly but surely falling apart , '' he added .
Of added concern is the fact that the images also show the new rift getting close to an older crack . If the two meet , it could calve off a huge iceberg - something the glacier is no stranger to .
In 2010 , an iceberg four times the size of Manhattan broke off the Petermann Glacier , and in 2012 a second iceberg around a quarter that size was also released .
But the good news is the new rift seems to getting close to a 'medial flowline ' , which is a flow of ice in the middle of the ice shelf that might slow the crack down somewhat and `` exert a stagnating effect on the propagation of the new rift toward the older one , '' Operation IceBridge wrote on Facebook .
At this point , no one 's sure how the crack will progress , but one thing 's for certain , researchers are going to be keeping a close eye on it .
Need a break ? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku . Or take one of our fun quizzes !
By The Associated Press
All Times Eastern Eastern Conference Atlantic Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Providence 24 16 6 2 0 34 72 59 Charlotte 25 16 8 0 1 33 93 72 WB/Scranton 23 14 7 1 1 30 81 69 Lehigh Valley 26 15 8 1 2 33 95 88 Bridgeport 24 12 10 1 1 26 75 70 Hershey 27 12 12 0 3 27 75 89 Hartford 26 9 12 3 2 23 69 93 Springfield 27 10 16 1 0 21 74 85 North Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Toronto 25 20 5 0 0 40 83 47 Rochester 25 14 5 3 3 34 85 75 Syracuse 25 13 9 1 2 29 82 73 Utica 24 10 10 3 1 24 68 77 Laval 27 10 11 4 2 26 82 97 Belleville 25 10 12 0 3 23 68 91 Binghamton 24 8 13 3 0 19 62 83 Western Conference Central Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Manitoba 26 18 5 1 2 39 99 57 Rockford 25 15 9 1 0 31 84 71 Iowa 24 11 8 5 0 27 75 77 Milwaukee 24 12 11 1 0 25 67 75 Cleveland 21 8 9 2 2 20 44 64 Grand Rapids 24 9 12 0 3 21 73 82 Chicago 24 7 12 4 1 19 64 76 Pacific Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Stockton 22 14 6 0 2 30 77 54 Tucson 20 12 5 2 1 27 68 55 Texas 26 16 9 0 1 33 80 86 San Antonio 25 13 10 2 0 28 81 79 Ontario 21 10 10 0 1 21 48 50 San Diego 22 10 11 1 0 21 69 80 San Jose 20 9 10 0 1 19 50 60 Bakersfield 23 9 11 3 0 21 61 70
NOTE : Two points are awarded for a win , one point for an overtime or shootout loss .
___
Saturday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Cleveland 0
Toronto 5 , Laval 2
Milwaukee 4 , Manitoba 3 , SO
Hershey 4 , Lehigh Valley 2
Syracuse 6 , Belleville 0
Rockford 7 , Grand Rapids 2
Springfield 4 , Bridgeport 3
Charlotte 7 , Binghamton 1
Providence 3 , Utica 2 , OT
Hartford 3 , Rochester 2 , SO
San Diego 4 , Iowa 3 , OT
San Antonio 5 , Bakersfield 2
Texas 4 , Ontario 2
Stockton 5 , Tucson 2
Sunday 's Games
Rochester 4 , Bridgeport 1
Manitoba 6 , Milwaukee 1
Providence 4 , Utica 3 , OT
Ontario 3 , San Antonio 2 , OT
WB/Scranton 4 , Hershey 1
Springfield at Hartford , 5 p.m .
Grand Rapids at Iowa , 6 p.m .
Monday 's Games
No games scheduled
Tuesday 's Games
Lehigh Valley at Charlotte , 7 p.m .
Chicago at Rockford , 8 p.m .
San Jose at Tucson , 9:05 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By The Associated Press
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — A spokesman says former U.S . Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge expects to leave a Texas medical facility in time to be home in Maryland for Christmas .
Ridge suffered a heart attack on Nov. 16 while attending a Republican Governors Association conference in Austin , Texas . He 's been recovering at a local rehabilitation center .
The 72-year-old Republican served two terms as Pennsylvania 's governor , from 1995 to 2001 . He was the first homeland security secretary , serving under President George W. Bush until 2005 .
Ridge 's spokesman , Steve Aaron , also said Sunday that Ridge 's hospitalization wo n't affect his security firm 's contract with the Transport Workers Union of America to review airplane maintenance outsourcing to overseas companies .
Aaron says Ridge will be involved but that the work is being handled by a team at his firm .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Doug McDermott scored 20 points , All-Star Jimmy Butler had 19 points and 12 assists in his return to the lineup , and the Chicago Bulls continued their mastery over the Toronto Raptors in a 105-94 victory on Tuesday night .
Taj Gibson had 14 points and Rajon Rondo added 12 to help the Bulls beat the Raptors for the 11th straight time . Toronto 's last win in the series was Dec. 31 , 2013 .
Chicago led by as many as 23 points and never trailed in the final three quarters to snap a three-game skid .
Kyle Lowry scored 22 points to lead the Raptors , who lost their third straight and fell one-half game behind idle Atlanta for the No . 4 seed in the Eastern Conference . DeMar DeRozan was limited to 18 points — 10 below his season average . He was whistled for his second technical found in the final minute and ejected from the game .
This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red . According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , most U.S. adults should begin getting screened for colon cancer when they turn 45 . ( NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP )
This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red . According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , most U.S. adults should begin getting screened for colon cancer when they turn 45 . ( NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP )
NEW YORK ( AP ) - New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier , at age 45 instead of 50 .
The American Cancer Society 's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group , which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago .
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients but felt strongly that they needed to act now . The advocacy group was influenced by its study , published last year , that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50 . Experts are n't sure why there has been a 50 percent increase in cases since 1994 .
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer ; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions , like Crohn 's disease , or a family history of colon cancer . The group endorses six kinds of screening exams , from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10 .
`` All of these tests are good tests , and the choice should be offered to patients , '' said the cancer society 's Dr. Rich Wender . `` The best test is the test that gets done . ''
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments . It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review is n't expected until around 2021 .
That panel 's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act , although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines . It 's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades .
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older , and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades . Colon cancer , combined with rectal cancer , is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S . This year , more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it , and about 50,000 will die from it .
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines , said Dr. Marcus Plescia , of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials . But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice .
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups , and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45 .
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening , more effort should be put into getting more people tested . Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines .
`` It 's hard enough to get people to do it at all , '' Plescia noted .
Dr. Andrew Wolf , the lead author of the latest guidelines , said they considered and rejected that reasoning .
`` We should be able to do both , '' said Wolf , a University of Virginia internist .
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Department of Science Education . The AP is solely responsible for all content .
BMW Pirtek Racing 's Andrew Jordan says he 'll come out fighting at Snetterton following a difficult weekend in Sunday 's Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship at Croft .
Jordan was one of the first drivers to get caught up in the ten-car collision in qualifying , taking damage to the back of his BMW 125i M Sport car and subsequently getting stuck on the infield , facing an agonising wait for the session to end as more drivers piled into the flat-out section of the track before the red flags were eventually shown . Thankfully for Jordan he remained safe , but the damage to the back of his car raised doubts over whether it could be repaired in time to compete in Sunday 's race .
Despite the significant damage , the West Surrey Racing Team worked through the night to get the car on the grid for Sunday 's racing , with Jordan starting fourteenth in race one . He managed to convert this to a respectable sixth place , followed by a fifth and a seventh in races two and three . This has left him seventh in the championship , with BMW Pirtek Racing fifth in the Teams Championship .
“ Everyone could see how much damage there was to the rear of the car , but it looked as good as new when it rolled out for the opening race thanks to their work. ” Said Jordan .
“ The fact that we were even able to race , never mind bring in three solid points finishes , is all down to the guys in the team who did a fantastic job to repair the Pirtek Racing BMW overnight , ”
“ I would have loved to bring home a really good result to reward them , but from where we were after qualifying , I 'm happy with the points we 've picked up . We 've outscored the guys who were directly ahead of us in the standings and we 'll come out fighting when we get to Snetterton for the second half of the year to maintain our challenge . ”
LINCOLN , Neb . ( AP ) _ More than 600 Nebraska youths have received treatment through a new state initiative designed to help those who struggle with emotional and mental-health problems .
Organizers of the program marked its first year Tuesday at a Capitol ceremony with Gov . Pete Ricketts . The event also coincided with Mental Health Awareness Month .
The Behavioral Health System of Care offers a variety of community-based services for youths . It was created to allow earlier intervention for at-risk youths , increase school attendance and serve more youths in their homes .
It 's funded by a four-year , $ 12 million grant from the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services . The state 's Division of Behavioral Health organizes the coalition that includes private groups and public agencies . Ricketts says it 's already having a positive impact .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dramatic photos show police closing off the River Cam and a bridge earlier this morning ( April 24 ) .
Officers received reports of a man threatening to jump into the Cam at 6.30am on the Riverside Bridge by Cheddar 's Lane near Tesco .
Photographs show a cordon set up on the corner of Stanley Road , as a team of fire and rescue personnel carried a yellow inflatable dingy towards the bridge .
After negotiations with the officers , the man was taken to hospital by the ambulance service just after 8am .
A Cambridgeshire Constabulary spokesman said : `` We received the calls at around 6.30am near Cheddar 's Lane , Riverside Bridge . A man was threatening to jump .
`` Officers and the man were sat on the bridge in negotiation .
`` The man was taken to hospital by the ambulance service just after 8am . ''
By The Associated Press
UNCASVILLE , Conn. ( AP ) — Courtney Williams scored 22 points , Jonquel Jones had 19 points and 12 rebounds , and Connecticut beat the New York Liberty 96-76 on Wednesday night for the Sun 's first win in the series since 2014 .
Jones has four double-doubles in her last five games , averaging 17 points and 14.8 rebounds during the span .
Connecticut raced out to a 24-12 lead and never trailed . Williams scored 15 points in the first half as the Sun built a 45-32 lead and Rachel Banham 's back-to-back 3-pointers to open the fourth quarter made it 80-56 .
Alyssa Thomas scored 18 points , and Jasmine Thomas added 14 points and a season-high eight assists for Connecticut ( 4-5 ) .
Advertisement
Tina Charles picked up her second foul with 4:46 left in the first quarter , had seven points at halftime , and finished with 17 for New York ( 6-4 ) . Shavonte Zellous scored 16 points , including eight of the Liberty 's first 13 .
___
The AP WNBA Power Poll can be found online at : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-wnba-power-poll-week-5
Amazingly , Democrats and Republicans in Washington have finally agreed on something : Susan Rice did n't do anything wrong when it came to dealing with surveillance material .
When the National Security Agency or another intelligence agency circulates transcripts of U.S. surveillance of foreign targets , if there are any Americans identified , their names are usually redacted ; if their identities are vital to deciphering the intelligence , they can be `` unmasked . '' Rice , the former national security adviser , was accused of wrongdoing by President Trump , who told The New York Times he believed she broke the law by asking for the names of his aides mentioned in the transcripts . House Intelligence Committee Chair Rep. Devin Nunes ( R-Calif. ) also announced he thought that some of Trump 's aides were improperly unmasked . Rice denied doing anything outside of the law .
GOP and Democratic congressional aides who have seen the flagged material stand by Rice , with one official briefed on the matter telling NBC News that Rice did n't do anything inappropriate . `` I saw no evidence of any wrongdoing , '' said the official , who asked to remain anonymous . `` It was all completely normal . '' Intelligence officials told NBC News any unmasking request by Rice would have been made to the FBI director or the NSA director , and they would have made the final decision . They also said it is completely appropriate and commonplace for the national security adviser to ask for the names of Americans who appear in intelligence reports . Catherine Garcia
Federal Insights : Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud .
DENVER ( AP ) — The Broncos are in search of a coach . The Raiders are looking for a quarterback .
Neither of these AFC West rivals came out of Sunday in as good of shape as they went in .
After a 24-6 victory , Denver coach Gary Kubiak told his players he was stepping away .
During that loss , the Raiders ( 12-4 ) saw their hopes for a division title and first-round bye slip away , and also lost their quarterback-of-the-moment , Matt McGloin , to a shoulder injury .
Advertisement
They are faced with the prospect of rookie Connor Cook making his first NFL start in a playoff game at Houston next weekend .
“ Nothing is easy about this league , ” coach Jack Del Rio said . “ We wanted to win the division but we did n't earn that . We earned the playoffs . ”
He had little to offer about McGloin 's status . The fourth-year veteran , starting in place of the previously injured Derek Carr , left in the second quarter with an injury to his left shoulder and watched the rest of the game from the sideline .
In the other locker room , players voiced support for Kubiak , who has battled health problems and will leave the team only one short season after he led it to a Super Bowl title .
“ I owe him a lot , obviously , ” said Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian , who earned the starting job this year .
The Broncos went 9-7 and missed the playoffs , and now , team vice president John Elway embarks on a coaching search he did n't expect . Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan could be candidates .
“ I trust him 100 percent , ” linebacker Von Miller said of Elway , with whom he had contentious contract negotiations last offseason . “ We have a championship organization here . ”
But there will be a new champion this year . The Raiders once looked like as much of a front-runner in the AFC as anyone outside of New England . But now , it 's Kansas City as division champion and Oakland as a road team with no sure bet on who its quarterback will be .
“ We 're big boys , ” Del Rio said . “ We can take it like men and move on . It 's not what we wanted by any stretch . ”
Other things we learned from Denver 's win over Oakland :
PRESSURE COOKER
Cook was a fourth-round pick out of Michigan State . His first NFL action came under the most difficult of circumstances . He finished 14 for 21 for 150 yards with a touchdown and an interception . If he starts next week , he 'll become the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to make his first NFL start in the playoffs . “ It 's not going to change anything for me , ” he said . “ I 'm still going to prep as if I 'm playing . It does n't matter if I 'm backup , starter , whatever . ”
ON THE BENCH
Kubiak hinted all week that both Siemian and rookie Paxton Lynch would see playing time in the finale . With Denver 's offense rolling — 24 points is more than it scored in the last three games combined — Lynch never made it off the bench . “ That 's on me , ” Kubiak said . “ Paxton has a bright future . It 's going to be a hell of a battle between those two kids next year . ”
GOOD NEWS , MAYBE
The Raiders went 3-3 against AFC West rivals , but won all six games against the rest of the conference . Their playoff opener is against the Texans , who they beat 27-20 in a game in Mexico City in November . “ Our heads should n't be down , ” receiver Amari Cooper said . “ We 're still going to the playoffs ; we just did n't earn a bye. ” One more tidbit : Since the playoff field was expanded to 12 teams , a No . 5 seed has never represented the AFC in the Super Bowl .
ELITE COMPANY
Devontae Booker became the seventh Broncos rookie with a rushing and receiving touchdown in the same game . He joins such names as Clinton Portis , who accomplished the feat in 2002 , Terrell Davis ( 1995 ) and Rick Upchurch ( 1975 ) . “ That just shows what our offense can do , ” Booker said . “ We went out there and moved the ball up and down the field . We put points on the board . ”
OTHER HEALTH WORRIES
Raiders left tackle Donald Penn left the game clutching his left knee but Del Rio said he thinks Penn should be fine for next week .
___
AP Sports Writer Pat Graham contributed to this report .
“ Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time. ” Winston Churchill
“ Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof. ” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
Over the weekend the IDF announced the second recent discovery and destruction of a terror tunnel penetrating Israel from Gaza , this one courtesy of Hamas ( the first was a product of Islamic Jihad ) . I have embedded a tweet below with the IDF video regarding the tunnel . You can see to what use the Arabs of Gaza put the concrete and funds they import . Apart from advances in the techniques of terrorism , they have contributed approximately nothing to humanity .
The New York Times story includes this atmospheric sentence suggesting the downside of Israel 's detection and destruction of the tunnel : “ More immediately , the action against the tunnel injected another element of uncertainty into the simmering tensions over President Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. ” I fancy myself a capable translator of Times prose , but the precise meaning of that sentence escapes me . Perhaps it lacks a precise meaning beyond the implication that the defense of Israel from terrorism and President Trump 's decision to recognize Israel as the capital of Israel…they 're both bad .
File Photo
LONDON : Uber 's [ UBER.UL ] appeal against the loss of its London license should begin on Apr . 30 for five days but might be delayed until June , a British judge said on Monday at a preliminary hearing .
There will be two further preliminary hearings on Tuesday and Wednesday next week to decide whether a trade union and the London Taxi Drivers ' Association can join Uber and transport regulator Transport for London ( TfL ) in the case .
TfL ruled in September that the ride-hailing service 's approach and conduct was not fit and proper to hold a private vehicle hire license . —Reuters
Speech to Text for North Knox Swimland
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
without a place to cool off . now .. news 10 `` bureau chief gary brian '' tells us what staff are doing to get things back on track . `` every summer the north knox swimland is usually packed to the brim . but this summer , as you can see , that 's not quite the case . '' the pool was closed june 19th . this was after the chlorinator failed . the chlorinator balances the amount of chlorine in the water . problems with the chlorinator have been fixed . since it 's failure , the pool has been inspected by the state and county board of health . both inspections passed . the swimland must now have two water tests . the first test received a passing grade this morning . the second water test will be performed wednesday . if the second test comes back positive the pool can open . the swim land is operated completely off gate fees , concessions , and donations . cheryl noonan with the swimland says this has made it difficult to keep up with repairs . `` at our pool we 're lucky to make twenty five dollars a day after we pay our lifeguards and fill concessions and anything . so we do n't really have a big thing . cause some days we 're negative after we pay everybody . '' `` now if you 'd like more information on how you can donate , head over to our website at wthitv.com and click on this story . in bicknell , gary brian , news 10 . '' a local city is working with its residents to fix up its sidewalks .
A seemingly accidental shooting sends two stray bullets shredding through a family 's home .
Authorities believe a person or people shooting at chat piles almost caused a tragic situation in Jasper County .
`` Like , I just play all those scenarios in my head , '' homeowner Porche Owens said . `` If { my daughter } was n't at the kitchen table and she was taking her nap , if the bullet had hit her while she was laying in bed . ''
Among the family portraits and stuffed animals , Porche Owens ' daughter now has a room decorated with a bullet hole .
It 's one of 6 Owens found in her home , caused by two stray bullets . One missing her fiance by only a few feet .
The couple lives with their daughter just across the street from a piece of land with several chat piles . It 's common for people to target practice or range shoot there . And it is legal to fire a gun in the county , where the family lives .
`` If you 're gon na target practice that 's fine . Make sure you have an adequate backstop , '' Jasper County Sheriff 's Detective Tim Williams said . `` We do n't want someone being hurt by that stray bullet . ''
But the property where the family believes the bullets came from is just inside the Carterville city limits , where openly discharging a firearm is illegal .
The jasper county sheriff 's office tells us the property owner said he will take steps to make sure people are n't firing guns on the property . And Carterville Police will monitor the property .
`` We 've seen gun shells and seen people out there shooting . So it 's nothing that we have n't been used to , '' Owens said . `` We just never thought anyone would ever shoot towards our house . ''
The family said they would like to see some signs go up on the property across from their house saying no trespassing , or no shooting .
MONTGOMERY , Ala. ( AP ) — Alabama parents can now view report cards for their child 's school and school system .
The Alabama Department of Education in December released the report cards . The system gives scores in four areas : learning gains ; student achievement , local indicators and the graduation rate for high schools .
Parents can see how their school , or school system , compares to the rest of the state .
The report cards do n't yet include the letter grades that lawmakers mandated . The state will add letter grades in December of 2017 .
Alabama legislators followed in the footsteps of Florida and others states when they approved legislation in 2012 requiring that schools be graded on an A-F scale .
The report cards can be viewed at : https : //ap.alsde.edu/accountability/atof
A full third of Republicans disapprove of President Trump 's performance in office , a poll released Friday by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found . Sixty-seven percent of Republicans still approve of Trump 's performance , though that is a marked decrease from when the poll was taken in March , when 80 percent of Republicans supported the president 's performance .
Predictably , Trump 's approval rating among other demographics was even lower : Just 28 percent of independents and 5 percent of Democrats said they approved of his work in office . Overall , just 32 percent of Americans approved of Trump 's efforts , while 67 percent disapproved . Legislators fared even worse , however , as just 18 percent of Americans approved of Congress ' efforts .
Overall , just 24 percent of Americans feel the country is heading `` in the right direction '' under Trump , the poll found — a 10-percent decrease since the poll was last taken in June . In March , the poll found 37 percent of people felt the country was progressing positively .
The poll surveyed 1,150 adults nationwide online and over the phone from Sept. 28-Oct. 2 . It has a margin of error of 4.1 percentage points . Read the full topline results here . Kimberly Alters
South Australian households are set to save an average of $ 144.85 over the coming year after the Liberal government announced a cut to the emergency services levy .
The reduction was a key election commitment for the government and is projected to put $ 360 million back into households over the next four years .
`` We want more money in the pockets of everyday South Australians so that they can spend it the way they choose to spend it , '' Premier Steven Marshall said on Thursday .
Although the budget is not expected to be delivered until September , the relief will be in place from July 1 .
`` We are delivering our long-held promise to provide cost-of-living relief to South Australian household , which ensured massive hikes under the previous Labor administration , '' Mr Marshall said .
The government 's pledge to cut total ESL bills by $ 90 million , will not impact emergency services , as savings will be found in other areas , Treasurer Rob Lucas said .
`` We have been cutting out waste and over-expenditure in the public service , we have got rid of 50 ministerial staffers already , '' Mr Lucas said .
The Liberals took the policy to the recent state election , promising to bring relief within the government 's first 100-days .
The City of Ottawa promised us an iconic new library , a building “ that will be talked about for decades to come , ” according to Mayor Jim Watson . Watson even said he was open to the idea of an international competition to bring out the best designs .
But the process city adopted for the project and the terms of the call for prospective builders are raising questions about the commitment to architectural excellence .
First , the city ditched the idea of an international design competition in favour of bids from individual firms who would design and build the library . Anyone who follows major building projects in the city knows that whether it is the National Capital Commission or the municipal government , Ottawa has a particular aversion to design competitions . So it was n't particularly surprising that the city chose a so-called design-build concept .
More worrisome is that under the process outlined by the city in its initial call for bidders , an architectural team could be chosen without anyone seeing a preliminary design or having any idea of how the library might look . “ A final architectural design firm could be selected without ever having to propose a single illustration of what it could in Ottawa , ” Jevone Nicholas , chair of advocacy group Bookmark the Core , complained in the Citizen . “ The city is on a path that will lower our chances of having a new architectural landmark . ”
Coun . Catherine McKenney , who sits on the library board , agrees , noting she voted against the process approved by council . “ Everybody wants to see an iconic building but without a design competition we are not guaranteed that , ” she said . “ The process we have does n't mean we wo n't get a great design , but it does n't guarantee it . When you are looking at the kind of money we are looking to put on the library , we should be sure it 's an iconic building . ”
The problem has to do with the Request for Qualification the city issued last month , seeking firms interested in designing the library . The document describes a two-stage process that begins with the RFQ and then the Request for Proposals , the stage at which five shortlisted architectural teams would compete for the winning design . “ In their proposals , ” the city document says , “ the design service providers will not submit actual designs for the building . ”
The design work , to be done in three phases , would begin once a winner is picked . It is probably fair to exclude design work at the preliminary RFQ stage given the idea here is to gauge the level of interest and expertise before drawing up a shortlist of serious contenders . But it does n't make much sense to have a shortlist of five finalists and not require them to deliver some actual design in order to judge their capabilities .
On what basis , one may ask , would the city be picking the winning design team ? And what if , after the fact , the successful bidder comes up with a bad design ? Is the city then going to settle for just a functional building ?
Marco Manconi , the city 's infrastructure manager and head of the library project , explained that the city is at a very preliminary stage in the building process and things would change as plans are firmed up . He said the city has not reached the stage at which shortlisted firms would be asked to submit proposals so there 's still time to build in some design requirements . “ We are still flushing the RFP so there may be an opportunity to see some design , ” he said .
Coun . Tim Tierney , chair of the library board , defended the city 's process , saying Halifax did the same thing for its internationally acclaimed library . Tierney said any suggestion the city is wavering or abandoning its commitment to “ iconic architecture ” is wrong . “ We are the national capital and we should have something that people can come to Ottawa and make a tourist destination , ” he said .
Fine words . Still there 's a long way to go , so let 's stay engaged and maintain the pressure to make sure the city delivers .
Mohammed Adam is an Ottawa writer .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A young mum has shocked parents around the world when she revealed her kitchen secrets that manage to feed her family for less than £1 a head .
The results of her bulk cooking sessions work out at 72p a person - and what 's more impressive , they 're so healthy , she 's shed 21 kilograms while taking on this money saving mission .
As reported by The Mirror , Kaitie Purssell shared her secrets to saving time , money and waste in the kitchen .
`` Meal prepping has helped so much in my weight loss journey . I am a busy mum of two on a tight budget , and always having a freezer full of meals and snacks saves me from skipping meals or grabbing takeaway , '' Kaitie said .
She bases her meals on seasonal produce , which she claims is not just cheaper , but tastier , and always buys in bulk . Her meals include everything from Mexican chili to chicken soup and pumpkin and pine nut pasta .
Download the Cambridge News app We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in . To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here . Find out more about the app here .
Her top tip is to buy plenty of vegetables - these are cheap and can bulk out meat dishes , which are often expensive . Lentils and grated vegetables are both healthier and filling , and always use the slow cooker , she added .
Perhaps surprisingly , online shopping is one of her biggest tips - as it blocks distractions and stops her impulse buying at the checkout . Once her groceries are in , she prepares her meal plans - then cuts up all of her vegetables to save time in the evenings .
`` It makes my life so much easier ''
If you want to learn from her habits , you 'll need to 'start small ' and free up your freezer , she said .
`` Make double , triple or quadruple amounts of the dinner you 're making each night and freeze it . That 's how I started . If I was making one banana bread , I 'd make two , cut one up and freeze it .
`` I find most mince dishes , slow cooked meals and stews freeze the best . I love having meal prep ready to go , as it makes my life so much easier . Fewer dishes , more time with the kids and more time for me to squeeze in my Challenge exercises .
`` It 's so much cheaper to make most things from scratch , it does n't take much longer and you are cutting out a lot of sugar and other nasties by doing so , '' she added .
She also freezes leftover ingredients - from curry paste and tomato paste to pasta and liquid stock .
`` Pop them in ice cube trays and transfer into labelled ziplock bags for the freezer to reduce wastage . I often spend less than an hour in the kitchen preparing a whole week of food for my family . It does n't have to be hard or take all day , '' she said .
Kaitie 's 50 winter warming meals for just £90 ( 72p a head )
A prep in Kaitie 's kitchen would include five servings of beef san choy bow , eight hazelnut and sultana chocolate snacks and 14 Weetabix balls . That 's in addition to 20 bliss balls and four black pepper and capsicum dips with veggie sticks . All of which will then be frozen for indulging in later .
Each of her recipes are low in calories - the highest being the san choy bow at 390 calories per serve .
`` It also helps to shift the tummy fat as well as keeping you nice and full when you are following a weight loss plan , '' she explained .
Kaitie 's winter recipes
5x Slow Cooker Ragu
9x Hidden Veggie Bolognese
4x Beef and Sweet Potato Curry
6x Mexican Style Chilli Con Carne
6x Chicken & Corn Soup
5x Chicken & Chorizo Enchiladas
5x Spanish Rice with Chorizo
4x Pumpkin & Pine Nut Pasta
6x Chicken Pad Thai
Her 50 winter warming recipes cost just under £90 ( $ 125 ) - and average out at around £1.80 per meal , or 72p a head . It included five slow cooked ragus , nine serves of spaghetti bolognese and four servings of beef and sweet potato curry .
She also made six servings of chilli con carne , six chicken and corn soups , five chicken and chorizo enchiladas , five servings of Spanish rice with chorizo , four serves of pumpkin and pine nut pasta and six chicken Pad Thais . She urges everyone to try meal prepping and insists it makes things both easier and cheaper in the long run .
`` For me , food has 90 per cent contributed to my weight loss . I love food , I always have but I 'm very slowly starting to love me too . ''
Kaitie 's top money-saving tips
Kansas State 's Cartier Diarra ( 2 ) drives between UMBC 's Max Curran ( 23 ) and K.J . Maura ( 11 ) during the second half of a second-round game in the NCAA men 's college basketball tournament in Charlotte , N.C. , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . Kansas State won 50-43 . ( AP Photo/Bob Leverone )
Kansas State 's Cartier Diarra ( 2 ) drives between UMBC 's Max Curran ( 23 ) and K.J . Maura ( 11 ) during the second half of a second-round game in the NCAA men 's college basketball tournament in Charlotte , N.C. , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . Kansas State won 50-43 . ( AP Photo/Bob Leverone )
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) - UMBC 's improbable run through the NCAA Tournament was brief . The statement the Retrievers made and their place in history is forever .
For one weekend in March , the tiny commuter school from Baltimore known for its academics and championship-winning chess team captured the hearts of the college basketball world and beyond . UMBC became the first No . 16 seed to knock off a No . 1 in March Madness , a victory over Virginia that made the Retrievers the ultimate Cinderella .
The fairytale came to an end Sunday night in a 50-43 loss to No . 9 Kansas State - heartbreaking because it was a game UMBC could have won , but still satisfying because the Retrievers touched so many people by accomplishing what many thought was impossible .
`` We put our name on the map . We gave hope to teams that come to the tournament with lower seeds , '' said senior guard K.J . Maura . `` I think we gave hope to guys that are not even that tall like me . People that feel like they are underdogs in their life , I think we gave hope to everything they want to do in life . ''
Stephen Curry noticed the team and sent UMBC the sneakers the team wore against Kansas State . The Golden State Warriors had his Curry 5s , which are in limited release , and other swag sent to the team . U.S . Surgeon General Jerome Adams declared the Retrievers `` Surgeon General approved '' and posted a photo of himself on Facebook wearing a sweatshirt from his alma mater .
NFL quarterback Aaron Rodgers tweeted to UMBC guard Joe Sherburne , who claims to be Rodgers ' biggest fan . And for a team addicted to the video game `` Fortnite , '' their dreams were made when Ninja , a popular gamer who recently played against rapper Drake and JuJu Smith-Schuster of the Pittsburgh Steelers , FaceTimed with the team early Sunday .
`` They play with passion , they play with heart , they play together , '' coach Ryan Odom said . `` We do things together for one another , and obviously when you have a big win like that ( over Virginia ) and it 's so shocking , you know , people love to see that . They love to see the upset .
`` And our guys handled it with grace and understood the circumstances . They were n't pounding their chests or anything . They expected to be here and expected to compete . ''
When UMBC returned to the locker room following its ouster , Odom had written just one word on the whiteboard . The Retrievers needed a buzzer-beating 3 against Vermont to win their conference title and make the NCAA Tournament , but they showed up believing they could beat Virginia , and the same about Kansas State .
So Odom simply penned `` Proud '' on the board for his players .
`` Just very proud of these kids and what they 've been able to do as the representatives that they are for our university , '' Odom said . `` Just captured our country and beyond , to be honest , from a sporting perspective and it 's really , really neat to see . ''
Sherburne said Odom relayed stories from friends who had texted or called from outside the country to rave about UMBC . Near tears after an 0-for-9 shooting night , Sherburne found consolation in the joy UMBC brought to so many .
`` From when we beat Vermont until the last two hours were the greatest time of my life , '' Sherburne said . `` What we did , everyone in here , it 's the greatest time of our lives . ''
Odom arrived at UMBC two years ago and inherited a team accustomed to losing . He told them he was going to get them to .500 that first year ; they thought he was joking . But slowly the culture changed and the Retrievers did everything Odom told them they could accomplish .
And then some .
`` When I got here , first we were a four-win team that year , and then the next year we went on to win seven games , '' said graduate student Jairus Lyles . `` Then Coach Odom and his staff came in , we won 21 games and this year we had a tremendous season . ''
Odom does n't know how far the UMBC program can grow . Those four letters are now synonymous with the biggest upset in college basketball history , but it 's a long way from becoming a basketball school .
`` UMBC is a unique place - lot of high achieving kids on campus , '' Odom said . `` We want guys that want to be great from a basketball perspective and want to play after college . But , at the same time , we want folks that are highly motivated academically that want to do great things past basketball . Because the air goes out of the ball at some point for everybody . ''
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
While tennis fans in Cambridge may be blessed with a big screen to catch all the Wimbledon action , football fans are feeling a little left out .
And since England 's glorious victory over Colombia on Tuesday night , calls are now being made for the Three Lions ' upcoming game with Sweden to be shown on a big screen on Parker 's Piece .
Thousands of supporters were out in full cheer in the city after Gareth Southgate 's men beat Colombia on penalties to reach the quarter finals last night .
( Image : PA Wire/PA Images )
It 's widely considered that this is now the best chance England has had to reach the World Cup final in years , with quality teams such as Spain , Germany , and Portugal out of the tournament early .
England supporter Ant tweeted Cambridge City Council : `` Cambridge needs to really grow up and give us a screen on Parker 's Piece . ''
Darren Brodie responded : `` They did in 2006 . Had a quality day back in the day when England beat Paraguay . ''
Blake Maltby added : `` What a shout . ''
Can anything be done ?
When asked the question , Cllr Lewis Herbert , leader of Cambridge City Council , told Cambridgeshire Live : `` We have looked at it in the past .
`` But the difficulty is that we need to organise it with the police services in advance .
`` The trouble with England is that that there is no certainty they will qualify - so short notice events such as the quarters become difficult to plan .
`` So unfortunately we wo n't be putting up a screen in Parker 's Piece . ''
Cllr Herbert added that showings of Wimbledon will be shown on a large LED screen next to the Tamburlaine hotel .
Football fans can catch the action at The Regal in St Andrew 's Street , the Prince Regent and the Grain and Hop Store , both in Regent Street .
When Elizabeth Le Geyt wrote her final column after 39 years in the Ottawa Citizen , she added a simple message of appreciation in the middle .
“ Now it is my turn to say ‘ thank you ' to all the birders who have supported me over the past 39 years and made the column possible , ” Le Geyt wrote in her March 23 , 2013 Birds column . “ I shall miss opening all the reports and seeing the beautiful pictures that were made possible by the digital cameras and the great photographers , but I have many happy memories . So , it is goodbye , long life and many more wonderful pictures to you all . ”
Then it was back to birds — three reports of new spring robins , an observation on the intelligence of starlings , and a photo quiz of bird identification .
Le Geyt , whose weekly column was beloved by expert birders and novices alike , died Wednesday in Greely . She was 103 .
“ That column was monumental for the Ottawa area , ” said Bruce Di Labio , who began following the Citizen Bird column in 1967 when it was written by Le Geyt 's predecessor , Wilf Bell , and eventually took over the column himself after Le Geyt retired . “ It had a huge following . Not just birders , but among the general public .
“ Mrs . Le Geyt ( Di Labio always called her Mrs. ) was n't a hardcore birder by any stretch , but she wrote a really nice column about every aspect of birds . People loved it . ”
“ Birds are so , so beautiful , ” Le Geyt ( pronounced Le Jet ) once said . “ I do n't know how anyone could not love them . ”
Elizabeth Rothera was born in London , England , on June 28 , 1914 , the same day as the assassination of Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand , the event that triggered the First World War .
She was educated in the English public schools and was schooled in the ways of the natural world .
“ In school , they used to go into the natural world with notebooks to make observations , ” her son , Michael , said from Vancouver . “ She loved everything to do with nature and the natural world . ”
She and her husband , Jack Le Geyt , came to Canada in 1952 . The marriage would end in divorce , but not before the couple had five sons : John , Christopher , Ashley , Michael and Philip .
Incredibly , Le Geyt 's life spans four monarchs , 16 prime ministers and 18 U.S. presidents . To mark her 100th birthday in 2014 , she published a memoir , Bird Lady : A lifelong love affair with birds .
Le Geyt wrote her first Citizen column in March 1974 , when she was 58 . It would appear every Saturday for the next 39 years . She never missed a deadline and rarely got a bird wrong .
Le Geyt 's love of birds was complete and uncomplicated . She would be happier watching the antics of chickadees in her Ottawa garden than trekking through the Amazon rainforest trying to add a rare species to her life list .
“ It 's so sad that , more and more , they 're not really interested in the bird , in its beauty , they just want to tick it off their list and go on to the next one , ” she once said .
“ She appealed to the common nature lover , ” said Wilson Hum , whose photos often graced Le Geyt 's column . “ That appealed to people . She would talk about helping injured birds , whereas with ‘ birders ' it 's more about counting and identifying . ”
A typical column would mark some noteworthy sighting — a phoebe or a crossbill , for example — perhaps a personal shoutout — “ Mr . ____ has been one of the most loyal supporters of this column since 1975 when he reported a hawk owl…. ” — and some sage advice on bird seed or a tidbit about the cowbird 's parasitic nesting habits . Her fans loved it .
Le Geyt wanted to retire after writing the column for 40 years . It was only a last minute that she realized a miscalculation meant she was leaving after 39 , said Doug Fischer , her last editor at the paper . Le Geyt was disappointed but decided to give up the column anyway . She was 98 .
In her later years , Le Geyt lived at a retirement home in Greely where she would surreptitiously remove her window screens so she could more easily fill her bird feeders . She confided to Fischer that she once left the window open when she left and came back to find two squirrels in her room .
“ She quickly closed her door and spent ages trying to shoo them out from corners and under tables and her bed where they were hiding in fear , ” Fischer said in an email . “ She laughed so hard telling me this story she was in tears . She had to get them out herself lest she be discovered without a screen . And she swore me to silence . ”
Le Geyt was a staunch supporter of Ottawa 's Wild Bird Care Centre , which in turn named an environmental award after her . In 2011 , Le Geyt was awarded the Order of Ontario .
She had long been troubled by arthritis and gout , and recently her eyesight began to fail , leaving her unable to see her beloved birds .
“ My mother used to talk about growing old gracefully , ” she told the Citizen on the occasion of her 100th birthday . “ Well , I do n't care much about being graceful , but I am grateful that I do have my mind . ”
Le Geyt leaves her five sons , eight grandchildren and 14 great grandchildren . Her funeral will be held Saturday , Oct. 14 at Tubman Funeral Home in Kars , with visitation from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. and the service at 1:30 , with reception to follow .
bcrawford @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/getBAC
April 10 TSMC :
* Says March sales T $ 85.88 billion ( $ 2.80 billion ) ( Feb T $ 71.42 billion , Mar 2016 T $ 73.09 billion )
* Says March sales up 17.5 percent on year
* Says Q1 sales up 14.9 percent on year at T $ 233.91 billion
* Says strong Taiwan dollar reduced Q1 revenue by around T $ 6 billion Source text for Eikon : bit.ly/1MdcgHK Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 30.6490 Taiwan dollars ) ( Reporting by J.R. Wu and Jess Macy Yu in Taipei )
Is it odd to put a discussion about your finances into this day connected with romance ?
Not according to many financial experts . In fact , they say it 's a great occasion for couples to start the discussion .
Bob Stammers is the director of investor engagement at CFA Institute ( Chartered Financial Analyst )
Bob Stammers © Supplied
It 's a fact that arguments and differences over finances is a major contribution to couples splitting up .
The experts say that on a day like today when couples talk about their relationship , it 's a good chance to clarify financial situations and goals .
Stammer says that an honest conversation about savings and goals can be crucial for many couples and their future together .
Clearing the air about one 's financial situation , can only help a couple he says , Then the idea is to talk and establish clear goals so that you can work together towards the goals , and saving .
Discussion about finances and setting goals before marriage or cohabitation can save couples from disputes about finances later © iSTock via CBC
He says it 's important to set savings goals and budgets in order to work towards the bigger goals .
In the end he says , as couples talk about their future together on this day , it should be easier to slip into a conversation about goals and finances and about how to work together to achieve them .
WELLINGTON , New Zealand — The Christchurch-based Crusaders can consolidate their place atop the Super Rugby table when they play the Hamilton-based Chiefs in an abbreviated 16th round , before the tournament breaks for June internationals .
The Crusaders moved five points clear in first place when they convincingly beat their closest rival , the Wellington-based Hurricanes , last weekend and have the chance to lengthen that lead and extend their winning streak to 10 games against the fifth-placed Chiefs .
The manner in which the Crusaders beat the Hurricanes , while missing six current All Blacks who were either injured or suspended , has led some commentators to declare it a certainty that the eight-time champions will win the title for the second straight year .
Coach Scott Robertson said the victory of a severely-depleted side over the star-studded Hurricanes `` was just a very proud night in the Crusaders history . ''
`` I think the fans were n't sure what to expect and that probably sums it up , the amount of emotion that was shown post-game , '' Robertson said .
He said the Crusaders are not taking for granted a win on Saturday in what appears an easier match against a Chiefs team heavily hit by injuries .
`` The Chiefs have an extremely good scrum , '' Robertson said . `` Given their injuries they have done a great job with the players that have come in for them - as have we , so it will be a great battle . ''
The Hurricanes must quickly recover from their poor performance against the Crusaders to keep pace with the tournament leaders three rounds from the end of the regular season .
Coach Chris Boyd said any lessons learned from the loss to the Crusaders would not be applicable to the Highlanders , who play a different type of game .
`` They kick more than anyone else , '' Boyd said . `` They 're very good at strike play . They 're quite prepared to say 'well you have the ball and we 'll knock you over and you make the mistake and we 'll pick it up and score . ' ''
Recent news :
Rebuild cost of California fire-threatened homes tops $ 5bn : CoreLogic
Ted Bunker 11 December 2017
Wildfires scorching huge areas of Southern California since last week have put at least 13,526 homes at extreme or high risk of damage , real estate data and analytics provider CoreLogic estimates .
The reconstruction value of the properties in that category exceeds $ 5bn , CoreLogic said today , indicating the average rebuilding cost would be about $ 370,000 . And that is just for the three largest out of the six named fires currently testing the mettle of thousands of firefighters in the region .
The ...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article , then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
A student who completed a placement at the Central England Brain Injury Unit ( CERU ) this year is about to take on his third challenge raising money for the unit .
Jack Nicholls completed a first year Occupational Therapy placement at CERU at Leamington Spa Hospital in May this year .
He then decided to take on three challenges in order to raise money for the brain injury charity .
Jack said : “ I absolutely loved the placement experience and it was a real eye opener to see all the hard work the staff and patients put in at the rehab hospital .
“ I wanted to give something back to the unit by challenging myself . ”
Jack has already competed in the Kenilworth Half Marathon at the start of September , followed by the Warwickshire Triathlon at the end of the same month .
His next challenge is the Birmingham Marathon on October 15 which will take him up to 50 miles in total .
Kathy Wagstaff , Clinical Lead Nurse at CERU , said : “ We are delighted that Jack is supporting the unit , the money will go towards refurbishing a new flat that will simulate a home environment .
“ The apartment will help to identify care needs and risks for patients before they go home and increase their independence and practice skills for daily living . ”
The occupational therapist has already manged to raise £175 , surpassing his initial £100 target thanks to the support of donors and Coventry University 's charity fund .
To support the Central England Brain Injury Charity by donating to Jack 's fundraising page go to www.justgiving.com/fundraising/jack-nicholls-ceru-50for50
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
The links among extreme environments , genetics , and the human ability to adapt
By KAREN COATES
Monday , August 14 , 2017
High-altitude landscapes are some of the most inhospitable places on Earth . They are cold , dry , and oxygen-poor . They were the last places humans settled—yet people did it and they survived . But how ? For archaeologist Mark Aldenderfer of the University of California , Merced , a fundamental trait of humanity is our ability to adapt , especially to extreme environments . From the Himalayas to the Andes to the Ethiopian Plateau , people have evolved in ways that allow them to live at high altitude . “ They 've all converged on a solution , ” he says . “ They 've all found a way to live at high elevation. ” Aldenderfer has assembled a team of experts in disciplines ranging from bioarchaeology to ethnography , paleoclimatology , geochronology , genetics , evolutionary medicine , and even mountaineering to augment archaeological research in order to understand what has clearly come about by way of evolution . He says , “ You need the story of the people who lived at that time to tell you how these things actually worked . It 's about the whole process by which people adapt culturally , biologically , and genetically. ” Aldenderfer began his research in the 1970s as a graduate student on the Ethiopian Plateau , one of the highest in the world , where he studied the remains of the Iron Age trading empire of Aksum . Political turmoil cut his research short , and it became impossible to go back . A short while later , he took a research position high in the Peruvian Andes , studying early hunter-gatherers . Aldenderfer realized he had stumbled into a niche of untapped archaeological research on early human adaptation to high-elevation environments . Working at such heights can be excruciating . A throbbing head , aching lungs , sleeplessness , fatigue , wheezing , coughing , confusion , and rapid pulse are all associated with hypoxia , a condition where tissues ca n't get enough oxygen . It occurs when people accustomed to living at lower altitudes climb above 8,000 feet , and it can be dangerous and lead to pulmonary edema , stroke , and even death . Women who are n't adapted to high elevations can have a much harder time bearing children and risk having low-birth-weight babies . Nevertheless , people have successfully settled at these altitudes for millennia—perhaps 7,000 years or more . The question is , how does such an adaptation come about ? Jacqueline Eng , Western Michigan University biological anthropologist and osteology expert on Aldenderfer 's team , explains , “ When we 're challenged by the environment , if some individuals have genetic traits that enable them to survive and reproduce more successfully than others who lack that trait , then those with the beneficial traits live and pass those traits along until it becomes more common in populations owing to the advantage it confers. ” It can be observed that , compared with people who live at sea level , Tibetans breathe more frequently and take in more oxygen , and they have expanded blood vessels that enhance the delivery of oxygen throughout the body . Andeans have higher levels of hemoglobin , the protein responsible for transporting oxygen in the bloodstream , so their blood cells carry more oxygen than those of lowlanders . Studies of highland Ethiopians , too , indicate genetic adaptations to low-oxygen environments . Something must confer these adaptations . Eng says there are several telltale alleles found in high-altitude populations where hypoxia is a major challenge . An allele is one of multiple versions of the same gene that determine various physiological traits—blood type in humans , for example , or the distinct color of a rose . Alleles can be thought of as recipes for the same gene—think of the difference between spaghetti with meatballs and spaghetti with ground beef . In evolutionary terms , random mutations create new recipes for alleles that may eventually come to exist throughout a population . Video : High Altitude Genetics
In the case of Himalayans , ancient and modern , two particular alleles have promoted adaptation to high elevation and the avoidance of hypoxia . One of those alleles is known as EGLN1 , which , Aldenderfer says , is estimated to have appeared around 8,800 years ago . Another allele , EPAS1 , has a fascinating origin story . It dates back to the Denisovans , an extinct hominin species that lived in the Altai Mountains of Siberia some 45,000 to 50,000 years ago . Scientists do not yet understand where or how , but it seems that , at some point , the Denisovans encountered early modern humans and , somewhere along the way , their EPAS1 gene ended up on the Tibetan Plateau . Recovering the ancient DNA that allows for these conclusions is meticulous work , and is hampered by the fact that many of the world 's highland environments , such as those in Ethiopia and Tibet , are politically unstable or otherwise off-limits . Nevertheless , Aldenderfer 's team has been able to conduct what appears to be the first investigation of the ancient DNA of the people of the Himalayan arc . They have sequenced the genomes of eight individuals who lived during three distinct cultural periods between 1,250 and 3,150 years ago , in what is now Upper Mustang , Nepal , at altitudes between about 9,000 and 14,000 feet . The team 's primary questions are : Where did these people come from ? Did they have the adaptive alleles for high altitude ? If so , which ones ? And how do the genetic findings relate to any artifacts found nearby ? There have been many hypotheses about the identities and origins of early people living in these high valleys , with some researchers suspecting that they came from elsewhere in Asia . But according to Christina Warinner of the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History in Jena , Germany , who is responsible for DNA extraction from the human remains from Upper Mustang , the genome sequencing has revealed that “ genetically , these people are almost certainly coming from the Tibetan Plateau—they look very similar to present-day Tibetan populations. ” Warinner works with Anna Di Rienzo of the University of Chicago 's Department of Human Genetics , who directs the team 's genomics research . By identifying the alleles that promote adaptation to high elevation and then comparing those of the closest modern population to those in the ancient samples , the team has found that while cultures , religions , and behaviors shifted dramatically through the centuries , their genetics did not . “ Genetically they were very , very stable , ” says Warinner , “ and that 's uncommon. ” The researchers also found strong evidence that one of the adaptive alleles , EGLN1 , is present throughout all time periods studied . The other—EPAS1 , the gene that originated with Denisovans—appears only in the most recent period studied . Warinner is not yet certain why this is the case . Aldenderfer and several of his colleagues created a stir in early 2017 when they announced that they had evidence of preagricultural hunter-gatherers living in a permanent settlement system on the central Tibetan Plateau at least 7,400 years ago—thousands of years earlier than researchers had previously thought . That research centers on a site called Chusang , about 215 miles from Lhasa , at an elevation of 14,000 feet . There , 19 human hand- and footprints are embedded in a unique formation of travertine limestone created in the remains of ancient hot springs . No artifacts were found nearby , just the markings of up to six individuals who were at that site millennia ago . Video : High Altitude Genetics
If you 've ever wondered exactly what sorts of things Facebook would like you not to do on its service , you 're in luck . For the first time , the social network is publishing detailed guidelines to what does and does n't belong on its service — 27 pages worth of them , in fact .
So please do n't make credible violent threats or revel in sexual violence ; promote terrorism or the poaching of endangered species ; attempt to buy marijuana , sell firearms , or list prescription drug prices for sale ; post instructions for self-injury ; depict minors in a sexual context ; or commit multiple homicides at different times or locations .
Facebook already banned most of these actions on its previous `` community standards '' page , which sketched out the company 's standards in broad strokes . But on Tuesday it will spell out the sometimes gory details .
The updated community standards will mirror the rules its 7,600 moderators used to review questionable posts , then decide if they should be pulled off Facebook . And sometimes whether to call in the authorities .
The standards themselves are n't changing , but the details reveal some interesting tidbits . Photos of breasts are OK in some cases — such as breastfeeding or in a painting — but not in others . The document details what counts as sexual exploitation of adults or minors , but leaves room to ban more forms of abuse , should it arise .
Since Facebook does n't allow serial murderers on its service , its new standards even define the term . Anyone who has committed two or more murders over `` multiple incidents or locations '' qualifies . But you 're not banned if you 've only committed a single homicide . It could have been self-defense , after all .
Reading through the guidelines gives you an idea of how difficult the jobs of Facebook moderators must be . These are people who have to read and watch objectionable material of every stripe and then make hard calls — deciding , for instance , if a video promotes eating disorders or merely seeks to help people . Or what crosses the line from joke to harassment , from theoretical musing to direct threats , and so on .
Moderators work in 40 languages . Facebook 's goal is to respond to reports of questionable content within 24 hours . But the company says it does n't impose quotas or time limits on the reviewers .
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter ! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The company has made some high-profile mistakes over the years . For instance , human rights groups say Facebook has mounted an inadequate response to hate speech and the incitement of violence against Muslim minorities in Myanmar . In 2016 , Facebook backtracked after removing an iconic 1972 Associated Press photo featuring a screaming , naked girl running from a napalm attack in Vietnam . The company initially insisted it could n't create an exception for that particular photograph of a nude child , but soon reversed itself , saying the photo had `` global importance . ''
Monica Bickert , Facebook 's head of product policy and counterterrorism , said the detailed public guidelines have been a long time in the works . `` I have been at this job five years and I wanted to do this that whole time , '' she said . Bickert said Facebook 's recent privacy travails , which forced CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify for 10 hours before Congress , did n't prompt their release now .
The policy is an evolving document , and Bickert said updates go out to the content reviewers every week . Facebook hopes it will give people clarity if posts or videos they report are n't taken down . Bickert said one challenge is having the same document guide vastly different `` community standards '' around the world . What passes as acceptable nudity in Norway may not pass in Uganda or the United States .
There are more universal gray areas , too . For instance , what exactly counts as political protest ? How can you know that the person in a photo agreed to have it posted on Facebook ? That latter question is the main reason for Facebook 's nudity ban , Bickert said , since it 's `` hard to determine consent and age . '' Even if the person agreed to be taped or photographed , for example , they may not have agreed to have their naked image posted on social media .
Facebook uses a combination of the human reviewers and artificial intelligence to weed out content that violates its policies . But its AI tools are n't close to the point where they could pinpoint subtle differences in context and history — not to mention shadings such as humor and satire — that would let them make judgments as accurate as those of humans .
And of course , humans make plenty of mistakes themselves .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Go here for updates on concert announcements and more sent to your inbox .
Kesha and Macklemore just announced a co-headlining show , called “ The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore , ” scheduled to bring the party to Denver 's Pepsi Center on Sunday , June 17 , 2018 . Kesha was most recently in Denver on October 24 , 2017 , at the Fillmore Auditorium for her “ The Rainbow Tour , ” her first solo tour since 2013 . She and Macklemore recently collaborated on the song “ Good Old Days ” on his album GEMINI .
This tour is special because one dollar from every ticket will be allocated to the artist 's charities of choice . “ Kesha will donate her proceeds to RAINN ( Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network ) , the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US . Macklemore will donate his proceeds to M Plus1 , an organization that advances racial and social justice through the M & RL Equity Fund , ” the Facebook page explained . The tour will stop at 30 cities around the country . Tickets for the co-headlining tour go on sale this Friday , December 15 here .
President Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday to congratulate him on `` his recent referendum victory , '' the White House confirmed . A narrow 51 percent of Turks approved a referendum on Sunday that granted Erdoğan broad new powers , according to unofficial results , changing Turkey from a parliamentary democracy to an executive presidency , most consequently giving the president power to appoint judges and prosecutors .
Opponents of the referendum , carried out under a state of emergency in place since an attempted coup in July , are calling for a recount of about at least a third of the vote , and election monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) say the voting was marred and fell `` well short '' of democratic norms , in part because opposition to the referendum was almost entirely excluded from Turkish media made for an `` uneven playing field . '' Under the emergency powers , Turkey has arrested some 40,000 Erdoğan critics , including a record number of journalists , and fired at least 100,000 more Turks .
U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner nodded toward Turkey 's apparent slide toward authoritarianism on Monday , saying the U.S. expects Turkey 's government `` to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all its citizens '' and supports `` Turkey 's democratic development , to which commitment to the rule of law and a diverse and free media remain essential . '' European leaders adopted a similar tone , with German Chancellor Angela Merkel cautioning that the `` tight referendum result shows how deeply divided Turkish society is and that means a big responsibility for the Turkish leadership and for President Erdoğan personally . ''
Erdoğan , an Islamist who has led Turkey since 2003 as prime minister and then president , hit back at his European critics and what he called a `` Crusader mentality in the West '' on Monday , telling supporters that the OSCE `` should know its place '' and he does n't `` care about the opinions of 'Hans ' or 'George , ' '' apparently a stand-in for European critics . `` All debates about the constitutional referendum are now over , '' he said .
Europe is depending on Turkey to stem the northward flow of Syrian immigrants and the U.S. uses Turkey 's Incirlik air base to attack Islamic State targets in Syria . `` Both the U.S. and E.U . are in a bind , '' Michael Werz , a Turkey analyst with the Center for American Progress , tells The Washington Post . `` They can either [ disagree with ] the OSCE findings , or they can say the truth : It was not a free and fair election . '' Peter Weber
Apparently , it is now a school 's role to ensure that kids get their drivers licence…that 's the least you can take from Labour 's new policy for youth . They clearly think parents have no responsibility for the upbringing of their children so are now going to make schools extend their curriculum even further to offer driving lessons .
Labour is promising funding for all secondary students to be taught to drive , budget , and understand the political system to help them transition into work and the community . Leader Jacinda Ardern announced the policy on Monday morning , which the party calls a “ school leavers ' toolkit ” . “ Having a driving licence so you can get to work , knowing how to fit into a workplace , knowing how to manage your money , and knowing how to take your place in the community – these are all important skills in adult life , and we need to do more to ensure our young people are equipped with them , ” Ms Ardern said . Key points from Labour 's new policy : All secondary students would be offered five hours of free driving lessons , a defensive driving course , and free testing for their restricted and full licenses before they leave school
, and The party is taking aim at the decline in voting among young people , and will teach civics education in all high schools
in all high schools Courses on budgeting and financial literacy would be available in all high schools
Every high school will have careers advisors Ms Ardern said the policy was developed after its Future of Work Commission found that secondary students needed to be better equipped when they left school . “ Labour 's School Leavers ' Toolkit will help students learn to drive , understand practical budgeting , be equipped with workplace skills , and learn how our political system operates through civics education at school , ” she said . The policy will be funded as part of the $ 4 billion Labour has committed for the education sector .
In the sound bites , stupid Jacinda said not having a drivers licence was “ criminalising ” our youth . Yes , really , she said that .
But here is the real kicker . The Labour party is spending billions on Auckland public transport and then promises to put thousands of students into private cars , on the road and also is going to pay for it .
Talk about the left hand not knowing what the right one is doing .
These sorts of things are what any good parent should be doing as a matter of course . We taught our kids to drive , we paid for a Defensive Driving Course for both of them , we paid for driving lessons to polish them up for their licences and both kids passed their licence first time .
-Newshub
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Posted by admin on February 15 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Air Force Airman Jacob D. Fortini recently graduated from basic military training at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland in San Antonio , Texas .
The airman , a 2013 graduate of Rancho Solano Preparatory School in Scottsdale , is the son of Lisa and David Fortini of Peoria , according to a press release .
He completed an intensive , eight-week program that included training in military discipline and studies , Air Force core values , physical fitness , and basic warfare principles and skills .
Mr. Fortini also earned four credits toward an associate in applied science degree through the Community College of the Air Force , the release added .
The Scottsdale Independent is published monthly and mailed to 75,000 homes and businesses in Scottsdale .
Broken Bow — The Kloset/My Kloset owner Shirley McGinn of Broken Bow has been named the 2017 Third Congressional District – Nebraska Retail Champion by the Nebraska Retail Federation .
A news release from the state retail group says the award will be presented at the Broken Bow store by State Senator Matt Williams and Nebraska Retail Federation president Jim Otto at the Kloset at 3:30 p.m. Thursday . The award includes an expense paid trip to the 2017 America 's Retail Champion competition in Washington D.C. , July 17-19 , sponsored by the National Retail Federation .
Otto explained that the purpose of the Nebraska Retail Champion/America 's Retail Champion competition is to emphasize the huge contributions local retailers make to their communities .
PRESS RELEASE_RetailChampion2017_MyKloset_TheKloset
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge businesses and residents have joined forces to help the victims of the devastating fire that struck a London tower block yesterday ( June 14 ) .
An appeal led by Heart radio is requesting donations of items to those left stranded following the Grenfell Tower fire in west London , which has killed 17 people and left at least 70 in hospital .
Those living in the 24-storey building were evacuated from their flats in the early hours of the morning and after it was devastated in the inferno many were forced to sleep in makeshift shelters last night .
The tragedy has left hundreds of people without their possessions , food and drink and a number of locations have been set up throughout Cambridgeshire for people to give donations .
A spokesman for Mick George , which is helping with the collection , said : “ The early support has been magnificent , with numerous Mick George vehicles already full and ready for distribution to the Grenfell site . ”
If you would like to help , you drop off items at the following locations :
Mick George Ltd , Lancaster Way , Ermine Business Park , Huntingdon
Murketts , Histon Road , Cambridge ,
Better Removals and Storage , Flint Park , Barley Road , Royston
The Cresset , Rightwell , Bretton , Peterborough
There has been an outpouring of support from the city and the surrounding area , with a local group of bikers among those seeking to help with donations .
Galleries
Collection
Beauty
“ Celebration. ” That word looped hypnotically on the soundtrack for this anniversary show , based on highlights of Viktor & Rolf 's 25 years of existence , each conceptual look recast in white and embellished with Swarovski crystals . It accompanies a survey of the brand 's oeuvre showing at the Kunsthal museum in Rotterdam , titled “ Viktor & Rolf : Fashion Artists 25 Years . ”
But the Dutch design duo is not prone to nostalgia . The idea behind turning everything white , aside from serving as a clever way of uniting the pieces , “ was also to make it lighthearted , ” Rolf Snoeren said during a preview . “ It 's very much saying : this is who we are , this is what we do . It becomes something new . ”
“ We find it quite remarkable that there 's a certain sense of timelessness to the pieces , ” added Viktor Horsting , who had enjoyed the editing process , and “ being able to erase and keep what we find succeeded best . ”
Looking through the archives , certain pieces triggered memories of periods in their personal lives , the highs and the lows . “ But then by making everything one and white and pristine , somehow it makes everything light , ” said Snoeren .
A voluminous ballgown sheathed in a layer of decaying wool , based on their first dress , made the cut . ( The original — presented at the Hyères festival in 1993 , which the designer 's won — was in silver and gray . )
An accordion jacket set with a fanning spread of white shirt collars came from the fall 2003 One Woman Show collection starring Tilda Swinton . Other genius moments included a remake of a tulle gown with clean holes carved out of the skirt — from the spring 2010 rtw collection and originally in pink — made using one of their secret formulas .
“ It 's like a magic construction , it 's very difficult to make , ” said Snoeren , with Horsting completing his train of thought : “ A lot of handiwork attaching lots of layers of tulle very lightly together so that there 's still air and movement , but also a solid shape . ”
Closing the show , meanwhile , was a sparkly jacket from the Russian Doll fall 1999 couture show , in which Maggie Rizer was practically swallowed in nine consecutive layers . The piece is on display in the “ Heavenly Bodies : Fashion and the Catholic Imagination ” exhibition at the Met .
These were all their children , but if they had to pick a favorite it would be the opening look : a tuxedo with a giant multilayered ruff collar from the house 's fall 1998 couture collection that was shown twice , in darkness and light .
“ It 's a look that has been photographed so much ; the smoking , the ruffled shirt , there are so many things connected to what we do , ” said Horsting , with Snoeren chipping in : “ What we like to cherish in the end is the ideas . The most important garments are tokens of these ideas . ”
Three charities have received a share of £100,000 from Yorkshire Building Society Charitable Foundation after being nominated by people in Knaresborough .
Harrogate Naturalist Society , Saint Michael 's Hospice and Yorkshire Air Ambulance have been given £100 each after the Society 's Small Change Big Difference® Month campaign .
The Charitable Foundation is funded through the Small Change Big Difference® scheme where members donate the pennies from the annual interest on their accounts to help charities and good causes .
A total of 1,000 charities and good causes received £100,000 after being nominated by people at Yorkshire Building Society branches around the UK .
Rosie Brierley , manager of the Knaresborough branch of Yorkshire Building Society , said : “ I 'd like to say a huge thank you to everyone who came into the branch to nominate a charity for a donation during our Small Change Big Difference Month campaign .
“ I hope these donations will enable the charities to carry on their wonderful work here in Knaresborough . ”
Small Change Big Difference Month took place between September 19 and October 15 .
In 2015 , the Charitable Foundation paid 1,502 donations totalling £392,276 to good causes and charities throughout the UK .
For more information about the Small Change Big Difference® scheme and the Charitable Foundation visit www.ybs.co.uk/charitablefoundation
`` For as hard as he works , he does know how to cultivate real relationships , and I think that was really evident today . '' - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu 's 10th anniversary dinner . # wwdeye ( 📷 : @ joejoegrams )
A car was engulfed in flames today ( 19 March ) near Pasadora Place . Fire Services and police personnel were on scene to extinguish the blaze . Cayman 27 understands there were no serious injuries . We reached out to the Fire Department , as well as , the RCIPS for more information there has been no response as yet .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
TORONTO ( AP ) - Adonis Stevenson of Canada will defend his WBC light heavyweight title against Badou Jack of Sweden in Toronto on May 19 .
The bout at Air Canada Centre will be the ninth title defense for Stevenson , who is from Quebec . His promoter had hoped to have the fight in Montreal , although his manager wanted it in Toronto .
Stevenson ( 29-1 ) is a 40-year-old power puncher eyeing a 25th career knockout . He made a title defense in Toronto in 2015 against unheralded Tommy Karpency at Ricoh Coliseum .
Jack ( 22-1-2 ) is a former WBC super middleweight champion who moved up one weight class to become the WBA 's light heavyweight champ with a win over Britain 's Nathan Cleverly in August . He vacated that title rather than face mandatory challenger Dmitry Bivol .
So much for England being depleted for its tilt at a record third straight outright Six Nations title .
`` The magic sponge has done well for us , '' England coach Eddie Jones says , with a wry smile , after naming a close-to-full-strength team for the opening match of its title defence against Italy on Sunday .
A slew of injuries — there were 13 senior players out at one stage last month — was the primary factor behind Jones saying England should n't be cast as the tournament favourite .
Even last week , Jones was preparing to be without influential players such as Chris Robshaw , Mike Brown , and potentially Maro Itoje for the trip to Rome . There was barely a mention of centre Ben Te ' o , who had n't played a competitive game since October because of ankle trouble .
It came as a surprise , then , when Jones was able to name all four of those players in his team and also another recently injured player , Jack Nowell , on the bench .
The chances of Italy gaining a first ever win over England — at the 24th time of asking — suddenly took a nosedive .
`` Maybe Sunday after the match it will be a difficult night , '' Italy coach Conor O'Shea says , `` but we 're preparing matches to win them and the great thing about sport is that anything can happen . ''
When it comes to the Italians , Jones knows this all too well .
In this fixture last year , Italy used a tactic dubbed `` The Fox '' at Twickenham to bamboozle England by frequently not contesting the breakdown . That freed up their players to get beyond the usual ruck line and block any passes behind the tackle area .
So bewildered were England 's players that they were asking French referee Romain Poite how to counter the unusual approach , and they were only two points ahead with 12 minutes to go before going on to win 36-15 .
As local Brøndby was trailing 0-1 , its supporters resorted to a last-ditch attempt to turn the scales by hurling dead rats at FC Copenhagen 's left back Ludwig Augustinsson , who was preparing to kick the ball .
However , the unappetizing rat trick did not help the home team score any goals . Although the FC Copenhagen players were repulsed by the incident , they nevertheless held on to win .
`` Anything else — you can deal with it , but this ? It was plain disgusting , '' FC Copenhagen striker Andreas Cornelius told the Danish TV-channel TV2 .
Brøndby management pledged to look into the incident and ban the fans involved in the rodent flinging .
Brøndby IF is a Danish football club based in Brøndbyvester , on the western outskirts of Copenhagen . In the past decades , the club has won ten national Danish championship titles and six national Danish Cups . FC Copenhagen ( also known as FCK ) was founded in 1992 after a merger of local clubs . Ever since , Brøndby and FC Copenhagen have been engaged in a fierce rivalry . The Derby between the two clubs is often referred to as the `` New Firm '' and is known to attract the biggest crowds in Danish football .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
WASHINGTON : U.S. President Donald Trump attacked the integrity of the FBI and Justice Department on Friday in an extraordinary showdown over the White House 's expected approval for the release of a secret Republican memo alleging FBI bias against him in its Russia probe .
Trump , who has long been angered over the probe , accused the country 's top law enforcement officers – some of whom he appointed himself – of politicizing investigations in favor of Democrats and against his fellow Republicans .
Trump has repeatedly complained about his treatment by federal investigators who are probing possible collusion between his campaign and Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election , and any actions to impede the investigation .
“ The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago , ” Trump said on Twitter . The president praised “ rank and file ” FBI employees .
His latest salvo was sure to worsen the president 's frayed relations with agencies that are supposed to be politically independent . Two days ago , in a rare public rebuke of the president and Republicans in Congress who are pushing to release the classified memo , the FBI said it had “ grave concerns about material omissions of fact ” in the document and it should not be made public .
The Justice Department had no comment on the president 's attack , spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said . The Federal Bureau of Investigation did not respond to a request for comment .
A White House official said Trump was likely to give Congress approval on Friday to release the document , which has become a flashpoint in a wider battle between Republicans and Democrats over Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's Russia probe .
In an effort to defuse the conflict , Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan backed the release of a Democratic counterpoint memo if the classified Republican document were made public . Ryan can block either but has supported releasing the Republican memo .
The four-page memo was commissioned by the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , Devin Nunes . It purports to show that the FBI and Justice Department misled a U.S. court in seeking to extend electronic surveillance of Trump campaign adviser Carter Page , multiple sources familiar with it have said .
Democrats have depicted the memo , which was crafted by Republican members of the intelligence panel , as misleading , based on a selective use of highly classified data and intended to discredit Mueller 's work .
Mueller 's criminal probe grew out of the FBI 's Russia investigation after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey and Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from the investigation . Russia has denied meddling in the election campaign . Trump , calling Mueller 's probe a political witch hunt , has denied collusion or obstruction of justice .
Democrats say their counter-memo restores context and information left out of the Republican version . Republicans have resisted releasing that document , but Ryan 's office said on Friday he backed making the Democrats ' rebuttal public if it does not reveal intelligence gathering sources or methods .
In the Senate , some Republicans including John Thune and Lindsey Graham have opposed the classified memo 's release .
REBUKES FOR TRUMP
U.S. Representative Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel , responded to Trump 's tweets with his own Twitter message . “ The country 's top elected leader has agreed to selectively and misleadingly release classified info to attack the FBI — that 's what would have been unthinkable a short time ago , ” he said .
There has been speculation that FBI Director Christopher Wray , appointed by Trump after he fired Comey , might resign if Trump allows release of the memo .
Trump has openly criticized Attorney General Jeff Sessions for recusing himself from overseeing the Russia probe last March following media reports that he had failed to disclose meetings in 2016 with Moscow 's ambassador at the time , Sergei Kislyak .
The deputy attorney general appointed to lead the probe when Sessions stepped aside from the issue , Rod Rosenstein , has also drawn Trump 's ire , most recently over his role in the surveillance warrant at the heart of the Republican memo .
James Clapper , the former director of national intelligence , said Trump 's attack on the FBI and Justice Department was the “ pot calling the kettle black . ”
Republican efforts to release selective portions of classified information in the memo was a “ blatant ” political act , he told CNN .
Although Trump 's tweet charged a bias in favor of Democrats , many of the people it targets are Republicans : Wray , Sessions and Rosenstein . Many Democrats blamed Comey , also a Republican , for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton 's election defeat in 2016 after he announced the discovery of additional emails from her private server just 11 days before the vote.—Reuters
loading ...
Monday review – the hot 25 stories of the week
About the author Naked Security writer
Highlights from the first day of the Great Falls Golf Invite held on Monday , August 14th .
DAY ONE RESULTS :
Boys Individual :
Pos . School Rd 1 Rd 2 Rd 3 Rd 4 Rd 5 Rd 6 TOTAL 1 . HUMPHREY , BRAXTON - SEN 70 -- - -- - -- - -- - 70 2 . MOORE , JOEY - WST 71 -- - -- - -- - -- - 71 3T . SMALL , JR - BOZ 72 -- - -- - -- - -- - 72 3T . HOLLAR , DUNCAN - CMR 72 -- - -- - -- - -- - 72 3T . SUNCHILD , KEATON - GFH 72 -- - -- - -- - -- - 72 - 6T . THOMAS , TUCKER - CMR 73 -- - -- - -- - -- - 73 6T . MORA , CONNOR - GFH 73 -- - -- - -- - -- - 73 8T . RHODES , JACE - WST 74 -- - -- - -- - -- - 74 8T . KAUL , BEN - CMR 74 -- - -- - -- - -- - 74 8T . GRINDE , AJ - GLC 74 -- - -- - -- - -- - 74 - 11T . CADY , BRADY - SEN 76 -- - -- - -- - -- - 76 11T . PIETRYKOWSKI , TUCKER - CMR 76 -- - -- - -- - -- - 76 13T . BRUNNER , CODY - SKY 77 -- - -- - -- - -- - 77 13T . HASQUET , BLAKE - MSN 77 -- - -- - -- - -- - 77 15 . NIELSON , GARRET - BOZ 78 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 78 - 16T . WELDON , ISAIAH - BUT 79 -- - -- - -- - -- - 79 16T . THORSEN , JACK - BOZ 79 -- - -- - -- - -- - 79 16T . JOHNSON , THAIN - GFH 79 -- - -- - -- - -- - 79 16T . JOHNSTON , JACK - MSN 79 -- - -- - -- - -- - 79 20T . NEDENS , ADAMS - SKY 81 -- - -- - -- - -- - 81 - 20T . LOBERG , BLAKE - WST 81 -- - -- - -- - -- - 81 20T . STREIFF , PEYTON - WST 81 -- - -- - -- - -- - 81 20T . PERIMAN , RYLAN - GFH 81 -- - -- - -- - -- - 81 20T . HAUER , TUCKER - HH 81 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 81 25 . HALL , TYLER - SEN 82 -- - -- - -- - -- - 82 - 26T . HOAGLAND , WILL - BUT 83 -- - -- - -- - -- - 83 26T . QUAM , CARSTEN - BUT 83 -- - -- - -- - -- - 83 26T . HARVEY , RYAN - MBS 83 -- - -- - -- - -- - 83 26T . MURPHY , AUSTIN - HH 83 -- - -- - -- - -- - 83 30T . NOCTOR , KAVEN - BUT 84 -- - -- - -- - -- - 84 - 30T . ANDERSON , GAVIN - HH 84 -- - -- - -- - -- - 84 32T . DE MARTINO , BRADLEY - BOZ 85 -- - -- - -- - -- - 85 32T . ELLIOTT , SAM - FHD 85 -- - -- - -- - -- - 85 32T . ST JOHN , TYSON - GFH 85 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 85 32T . MESENKO , HANK - MBS 85 -- - -- - -- - -- - 85 - 32T . HUGUET , BEN - MHG 85 -- - -- - -- - -- - 85 32T . RYAN , SHAWN - MSN 85 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 85 38T . BRIGHT , JACK - BOZ 86 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 86 38T . EPPERLY , EZRA - FHD 86 -- - -- - -- - -- - 86 38T . HARVEY , ZACH - MBS 86 -- - -- - -- - -- - 86 - 38T . HEINTZELMAN , BLAKE - MBS 86 -- - -- - -- - -- - 86 38T . DOMAKO , RYAN - MHG 86 -- - -- - -- - -- - 86 43T . AURICH , BRAYDEN - GLC 87 -- - -- - -- - -- - 87 43T . DUCE , RIVER - MHG 87 -- - -- - -- - -- - 87 43T . RASMUSSEN , SOREN - MHG 87 -- - -- - -- - -- - 87 - 43T . DENNIS , JADEN - MSN 87 -- - -- - -- - -- - 87 43T . KESSLER , CONNOR - MSN 87 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 87 43T . WHITMAN , GABE - CAP 87 -- - -- - -- - -- - 87 43T . GEHRINGER , HOLDEN - CAP 87 -- - -- - -- - -- - 87 50 . IRVINE , CAL - CAP 88 -- - -- - -- - -- - 88 - 51T . WILLIS , CADEN - GLC 89 -- - -- - -- - -- - 89 51T . BERKE , HUNTER - GLC 89 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 89 53T . POPE , BEN - SKY 90 -- - -- - -- - -- - 90 53T . SWANSON , TREVOR - CAP 90 -- - -- - -- - -- - 90 55T . MORISAKI , KEADEN - FHD 92 -- - -- - -- - -- - 92 - 55T . FURLONG , TYZER - CAP 92 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 92 57T . KOBER , ANDREW - BUT 93 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 93 57T . PURDY , ETHAN - GLC 93 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 93 57T . HASQUETT , COLE - HH 93 -- - -- - -- - -- - 93 60T . MICHELETTI , NICO - SEN 94 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 94 - 60T . FREEMAN , CADEN - SKY 94 -- - -- - -- - -- - 94 60T . LINDSETH , BRENDAN - CMR 94 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 94 63 . CHRISTY , SPENCER - FHD 95 -- - -- - -- - -- - 95 64T . AHLGREN , DYLAN - WST 96 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 96 64T . SUSOTT , JACKSON - MBS 96 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 96 - 64T . THOMSON , LUKE - HH 96 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 96 67 . THOMSON , RYAN - FHD 97 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 97 68 . KIECKBUSCH , CONNOR - SEN 98 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 98 69T . EBEL , BEN - SKY 99 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 99 69T . MC CULLOCH , KADE - MHG 99 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 99 -
* = Ineligible for Team Score
Girls Individual :
Pos . School Rd 1 Rd 2 Rd 3 Rd 4 Rd 5 Rd 6 TOTAL 1 . MERCER , MARCELLA - FHD 78 -- - -- - -- - -- - 78 2T . BASYE , KAMERYN - BOZ 79 -- - -- - -- - -- - 79 2T . DANENHAUER , ANNIKA - BOZ 79 -- - -- - -- - -- - 79 4T . CARPTENTER , CARRIE - WST 82 -- - -- - -- - -- - 82 4T . LARSEN , NEVIN - WST 82 -- - -- - -- - -- - 82 - 6 . ROSANOVA , CORA - BOZ 83 -- - -- - -- - -- - 83 7 . GARDEN , EMILY - MSN 84 -- - -- - -- - -- - 84 8 . WARD , LAUREL - BOZ 88 -- - -- - -- - -- - 88 9 . KIMMEL , PEYTON - WST 89 -- - -- - -- - -- - 89 10T . JACKSON , ELLIE - BOZ 91 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 91 - 10T . WILLIAMS , REYLA - HH 91 -- - -- - -- - -- - 91 12 . MONTAGUE , GIGI - SEN 92 -- - -- - -- - -- - 92 13 . WAGNER , JALEN - SEN 95 -- - -- - -- - -- - 95 14T . BROCKHAUSEN , KYRA - SKY 96 -- - -- - -- - -- - 96 14T . @ NIGHT , ALEXIS - MBS 96 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 96 * - 16T . MORROW , ALIYA - SKY 97 -- - -- - -- - -- - 97 16T . LONGENECKER , KYLEE - CAP 97 -- - -- - -- - -- - 97 18T . KING , AMANDA - SKY 99 -- - -- - -- - -- - 99 18T . BRUYERE , RAELYNN - WST 99 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 99 20 . OVERBY , SIDNEY - SEN 100 -- - -- - -- - -- - 100 - 21T . STARCEVICH , SADIE - BUT 101 -- - -- - -- - -- - 101 21T . LUOMA , GRACE - BUT 101 -- - -- - -- - -- - 101 21T . MEEKER , ALY - GLR 101 -- - -- - -- - -- - 101 24T . PRIGGE , ELLA - BUT 102 -- - -- - -- - -- - 102 24T . LAVIN , CASSIDY - FHD 102 -- - -- - -- - -- - 102 - 24T . TRUNKLE , KATE - GLR 102 -- - -- - -- - -- - 102 24T . JONES , KELLY - GFH 102 -- - -- - -- - -- - 102 24T . WILLIAMS , LAUREN - HH 102 -- - -- - -- - -- - 102 29T . NEARY , KELLIANN - BUT 103 -- - -- - -- - -- - 103 29T . SUNCHILD , MORGAN - GFH 103 -- - -- - -- - -- - 103 - 29T . JONES , GRACE - HH 103 -- - -- - -- - -- - 103 29T . @ ARMSTRONG , SEV - MHG 103 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 103 * 33T . ARMSTRONG , MEILYN - SKY 104 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 104 33T . COONAN , RILEY - HH 104 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 104 35 . FEHRES , HANNAH - GFH 105 -- - -- - -- - -- - 105 - 36T . SUNDHEIM , CIERRA - SKY 106 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 106 36T . @ HEBNES , BLAIR - CMR 106 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 106 * 36T . JONES , KIELAR - CAP 106 -- - -- - -- - -- - 106 39T . BENSON , SAMANTHA - SEN 107 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 107 39T . SKESLIEN-JENKINS , ALIVIA - WST 107 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 107 - 39T . LAMMERS , REGAN - HAV 107 -- - -- - -- - -- - 107 39T . NELSON , KATE - MSN 107 -- - -- - -- - -- - 107 43T . IVERSON , HAILEY - GLR 108 -- - -- - -- - -- - 108 43T . KERR , GINNY - HH 108 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 108 45T . LEAN , KENNEDY - BUT 109 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 109 - 45T . LAWRENCE , KK - CAP 109 -- - -- - -- - -- - 109 47 . QUALLS , SARAH - SEN 111 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 111 48 . @ POTRATZ , BAILEE - CMR 112 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 112 * 49T . ADKINS , KATRINA - GFH 113 -- - -- - -- - -- - 113 49T . @ MURPHY , ERIN - MBS 113 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 113 * - 51T . FEE , TEAGAN - HAV 114 -- - -- - -- - -- - 114 51T . LITZINGER , GRACE - HAV 114 -- - -- - -- - -- - 114 53T . CHAPMAN , MARRIN - CAP 115 -- - -- - -- - -- - 115 53T . BREUM , MARISSA - MSN 115 -- - -- - -- - -- - 115 55 . @ KNIGHT , SABRYN - MBS 116 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 116 * - 56 . HANSON , MAISIE - FHD 117 -- - -- - -- - -- - 117 57 . PETERSON , KINZEE - HAV 119 -- - -- - -- - -- - 119 58 . BARCUS , REIDE - GLR 121 -- - -- - -- - -- - 121 59T . MC NEW , LEXI - CAP 122 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 122 59T . PORCH , ANDREA - MSN 122 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 122 - 61 . @ ZUIDEMA , MORGAN - CMR 123 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 123 * 62 . NOWLEN , MAYCEE - MSN 125 * -- - -- - -- - -- - 125 63 . STROOP , SHERIDAN - FHD 131 -- - -- - -- - -- - 131 64 . GERVAIS , KALONNA - GFH 140 * * -- - -- - -- - -- - 140
* = Ineligible for Team Score
Boys Team :
Pos . School Rd 1 Rd 2 Rd 3 Rd 4 Rd 5 Rd 6 TOTAL 1 . CMR - CMR 295 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 295 2 . GFH - GFH 305 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 305 3 . Billings West - WST 307 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 307 4 . Bozeman - BOZ 314 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 314 5 . Billings Senior - SEN 322 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 322 6 . Missoula Sentinel - MSN 328 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 328 7 . Butte - BUT 329 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 329 8 . Glacier - GLC 339 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 339 9 . Missoula Big Sky - MBS 340 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 340 10 . Helena High - HH 341 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 341 11 . Billings Skyview - SKY 342 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 342 12 . Missoula Hellgate - MHG 345 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 345 13 . Helena Capital - CAP 352 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 352 14 . Flathead - FHD 358 0 -- - -- - -- - -- - 358
Girls Team :
SANTIAGO , April 13 Chilean copper commission Cochilco forecast on Thursday that the nation would produce slightly less than 5.6 million tonnes of copper in 2017 , down from a previous forecast of 5.79 million , due largely to a strike as BHP Billiton 's Escondida mine .
The body estimated copper prices would average $ 2.60 in 2017 , up from a previous forecast of $ 2.40 , due to tighter supply for the red metal and increasing demand . ( Reporting by Gram Slattery ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
LANDOVER , Md . ( AP ) — If it 's true that , as many saw it , this entire Washington Redskins season was a referendum on Kirk Cousins and whether he should get a long-term contract , the way things ended — a late interception sealing a playoffs-preventing loss — should make for quite an intriguing offseason .
For while Cousins broke his own franchise record for passing yards , nearly eclipsing 5,000 , and set another team mark with more than 400 completions , he also closed things on a down note as Washington ( 8-7-1 ) lost four of its final six games , including 19-10 against the New York Giants on Sunday .
“ This is n't my first time dealing with this , ” Cousins said through a bit of a forced smile . “ Tough times do n't last ; tough people do , right ? I sound like a broken record , but I 'm going to keep saying that until I retire . ”
A year after leading the Redskins to the NFC East title , Cousins now will be home during the postseason .
He threw a pair of second-half picks Sunday , both by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie , the second coming while Washington trailed 13-10 with about 1½ minutes remaining . Cousins stepped out of the pocket , scanned the field for a receiver , then threw a floater that did not really come all that close to reaching intended receiver Pierre Garcon .
Garcon and other teammates rose to Cousins ' defense afterward , saying as defensive lineman Ricky Jean Francois did of the defeat : “ It was not his fault at all . ”
After the game , Cousins acknowledged he probably should have tucked the ball and run it on that late interception .
Coach Jay Gruden agreed that throw constituted “ a poor decision . ”
In the next breath , Gruden added : “ I think he belongs in the NFL as a starting quarterback , that 's for sure , and hopefully it 's here . ”
And that will be the key question over the coming weeks for Washington and general manager Scot McCloughan : Will the team keep Cousins and , if so , for how much ?
The QB made nearly $ 20 million this season under the franchise tag . The Redskins could tag him again , for about $ 24 million , or sign him to a multiyear deal , or let him walk as a free agent .
Asked what he expects , Cousins shrugged his shoulders and answered : “ It 's really not my decision to make . The ball was in the court of the team last year and they chose to tag me . And the same is true this year . ”
Here is what else we know after the Giants ( 11-5 ) , who already were locked into the NFC 's No . 5 seed and will play at Green Bay , beat the Redskins :
GIANTS ' MOMENTUM
Eli Manning said the prospect of the Giants ' starters resting in a game that had no impact on their playoff status “ never came up all week. ” By putting up 10 first-half points before going conservative — and no one getting hurt — they validated coach Ben McAdoo 's decision and got into a groove going into the playoffs . “ I thought we did some good things and we can build off that , ” Manning said . “ If we can run the ball , defense is playing great , we 'll be in good shape . ”
BECKHAM VS. NORMAN
Despite Redskins cornerback Josh Norman getting called for two personal fouls for shoving and then going facemask-to-facemask with Odell Beckham Jr. , the Giants receiver downplayed the confrontations and the rivalry . “ That 's been dead for a long time , ” said Beckham , who left the game in the third quarter after five catches for 44 yards .
GRUDEN
From 6-3-1 to out of the playoffs thanks to a 2-4 finish — including two flat losses at home to teams with nothing at stake — Gruden and the Redskins have a lot to ponder in a longer-than-they-wanted offseason . Gruden was asked whether he had his team ready to play Sunday . “ On a gut level , I like to think so , but obviously , the results say otherwise. ” Said Jean Francois : “ I do n't blame this on no coach . … It was on us . ”
REDSKINS ' RUN GAME
If the Redskins are going to get back to the playoffs next season , they 'll probably want to improve a drab running game that closed with 15 carries for 38 yards against New York .
___
AP Sports Writer Stephen Whyno contributed to this report .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/HowardFendrich
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - President Donald Trump 's escalating dispute with China over trade and technology is threatening jobs and profits in working-class communities where his `` America First '' agenda hit home .
The Commerce Department has received more than 2,400 applications from companies seeking waivers from the administration 's tariffs on steel and aluminum imports , which may result in duty payments of millions of dollars for larger businesses . The department has begun posting the requests online for public comment ; several of the applications released so far suggest deep misgivings with Trump 's protectionist strategy , especially in areas where he won strong support during the 2016 election .
The tariffs are aimed primarily at China for flooding the global market with cheap steel and aluminum . But they 've also led to confusion and uncertainty , according to Associated Press interviews and a review of records . In Oklahoma , Texas and Wisconsin , for example , businesses operating in the furniture , energy and food sectors have outlined the financial difficulties they 'd face if they 're not excused from the steel tariff .
In Okmulgee , Oklahoma , dozens of jobs hang in the balance as office furniture giant Steelcase waits to hear back from the Commerce Department .
A Steelcase subsidiary , PolyVision , operates a plant in Okmulgee that uses a special type of steel from Japan to manufacture a durable glass-like surface for whiteboards and architectural purposes . PolyVision `` can not and will not be able to procure '' from U.S. companies the cold-rolled steel it requires `` in a sufficient and reasonably available amount or of a satisfactory quality , '' Steelcase said .
Trump won most of the votes cast for president in Okmulgee County . Without a waiver , Steelcase warned , the `` economic viability of PolyVision ( and ) the small town of Okmulgee '' would be jeopardized .
The waiver request also indicates that a $ 15 million plant expansion may be at risk . Steelcase and PolyVision are on the verge of making the investment , which would create new construction and manufacturing jobs , according to the request .
Roger Ballenger , Okmulgee 's city manager , said he and other local officials are `` very concerned about the situation with PolyVision . ''
The tariffs - 25 percent on imported steel and 10 percent on imported aluminum - are designed to protect and rebuild the U.S. companies that manufacture the metals . The U.S. temporarily exempted several major trading partners , including the European Union , Mexico and Canada .
China , which was left on the target list , retaliated by imposing tariffs on $ 3 billion in U.S. products , including apples , pork and ginseng .
Trump responded by adding more protectionist measures as punishment for Chinese theft of U.S. intellectual property . And Beijing punched back by proposing tariffs on $ 50 billion in U.S. products including small aircraft and soybeans - a direct threat to rural areas that were key to Trump 's victory .
Economists Joseph Francois and Laura Baughman estimated last month that the tariffs would increase employment in the U.S. steel and aluminum industries by more than 26,000 jobs but also lead to the loss of 495,000 other jobs throughout the rest of the American economy .
John Hritz , CEO of JSW Steel USA in Baytown , Texas , said his company is in lockstep with Trump 's approach . `` We 're in favor of growing the steel industry in this country , '' Hritz said . JSW Steel , owned by Indian conglomerate JSW Group , is embarking on a $ 500 million overhaul of the plant that it says will create hundreds of jobs .
The growth would be welcomed in Baytown , where unemployment is 9.8 percent , more than double the national rate . Baytown is located partly in Harris County , which Democrat Hillary Clinton won , and partly in Chambers County , which Trump handily won .
The future is much murkier for another Baytown steel business , Borusan Mannesmann Pipe . Without a waiver , Borusan may face tariffs of $ 25 million to $ 30 million annually if it imports steel tubing and casing from its parent company in Turkey , according to information the company provided to the AP .
Borusan said the Baytown production line would no longer be competitive and `` jobs would be threatened '' if it can not import 135,000 metric tons of steel annually over the next two years . The pipes Borusan produces are used primarily as casing for oil and natural gas wells .
But if Commerce says yes , Borusan will be able to unlock a $ 25 million investment in the Baytown facility as it seeks to become a `` 100 percent domestic supplier , '' according to the waiver request . An additional $ 50 million expansion in pipe fabrication capacity would follow , the company said , leading to as many as 170 new jobs .
Seneca Foods Corporation , the nation 's largest vegetable canner , said in its waiver application that it 's unclear , at best , if U.S. suppliers have the ability or willingness to expand their production in the long term to meet the company 's annual demand for tinplated steel .
But `` clearly they can not meet demand in the short term , '' Seneca told Commerce officials . That means Seneca has to buy a portion of what it needs from overseas .
A person with knowledge of Seneca 's situation said the company would face a $ 2.25 million duty if the Commerce Department does n't approve its waiver request for 11,000 metric tons of tinplate it already agreed to purchase from China . The material is to be delivered this year and next , according to the waiver request . The person was not authorized to speak publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity .
Seneca said it employs more than 400 people at can-making facilities in Wisconsin and Idaho and near its headquarters in New York 's Wayne County , where Trump bested Clinton . The company does n't warn layoffs are imminent if the waiver is n't approved . Instead , the tariffs would likely come out of Seneca 's bottom line , the person said .
___
Contact Richard Lardner on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/rplardner
1:29
AMBER , Blue and Silver Alerts : What you need to know
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cross Country Trains has released a picture of a train derailed near Ely this afternoon .
The freight train is thought to have come off the tracks just after 2pm today ( Monday , August 14 ) between Ely and Peterborough and all lines on the route are currently blocked .
The train company posted the picture on Twitter , which appears to show splintered wood from the tracks .
Investigators have been called to gather evidence at the scene of the derailment , according to the Rail Accident Investigation Branch .
All services have been suspended , and Greater Anglia hase said the route is expected to be disrupted for the rest of the day .
A rail replacement service has been requested to run between Bury St Edmunds and Ely - to call at Ely , Manea , March , Whittlesea and Peterborough .
For live updates and more information , follow our live blog here .
MILAN An Italian court has revoked an order that had halted work to remove olive trees from the pathway of a strategic pipeline that will bring central Asian gas into Europe , a lawyer involved in the case said on Thursday .
The decision paves the way for work to restart on the Trans Adriatic Pipeline ( TAP ) which is slated to bring 10 billion cubic metres of gas from Azerbaijan into the small Italian seaside town of San Foca in Apulia by 2020 .
Opposition from the local town council and the regional government of Apulia has caused a series of delays to the project .
Earlier this month a court issued the order to suspend the work to remove the olive trees at the behest of the Region .
`` The court has annulled that sentence , '' Mariano Alterio , a lawyer for the Region , told Reuters .
A spokesman for TAP Italy also confirmed the court 's decision .
( Reporting by Giancarlo Navach , writing by Stephen Jewkes )
TEL AVIV ( Sputnik ) - The Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) confirmed on Saturday that its Air Force had hit several Hamas targets in the Gaza Strip in response to a rocket shelling from the enclave .
`` Moments ago , in response to the rocket fired at southern Israel earlier this evening , fighter jets struck a Hamas compound composed of two military structures in the southern Gaza Strip . The IDF holds Hamas accountable for all violence emanating from the Gaza Strip , '' the IDF said on Twitter .
The rocket attack from the Gaza Strip resulted in no casualties . No information about any casualties as a result of Israel 's retaliatory fire has been provided yet .
Moments ago , in response to the rocket fired at southern Israel earlier this evening , fighter jets struck a Hamas compound composed of two military structures in the southern Gaza Strip . The IDF holds Hamas accountable for all violence emanating from the Gaza Strip — IDF ( @ IDFSpokesperson ) 2 февраля 2018 г .
​This is the second exchange of fire between Israel and the enclave over the past 24 hours .
READ MORE : Israeli Defense Minister Vows to Destroy All Tunnels in Gaza Strip in 2018
© REUTERS/ Ibraheem Abu Mustafa Dozens of Palestinians Injured in Renewed Clashes With Israeli Forces - Reports
Earlier on Saturday , a local resident told Sputnik that the Israeli Air Force had fired several missiles at two Hamas operated buildings in the city of Rafah . The day before , the IDF said that a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip at Israel had been identified .
Rocket launches from the Gaza Strip have intensified following US President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on December 6 . The Israeli authorities blame the Hamas movement for rocket attacks , demanding compliance with the ceasefire by all Palestinian factions .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
By
Sampson Grubb 80 died Monday
Funeral 2 PM Friday
Willow Grove Holiness Church
Burial in Hensley Cemetery ( Crane Creek )
Visitation 10:30 AM to 2 PM
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today !
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Sampson Grubb , 80 , of Manchester , KY , passed away Monday , December 4th , at the Baptist Health Hospital in Corbin , KY .
Sampson was born in Oneida , KY on September 19 , 1937 , a son of the late Rachel ( Melton ) and Henry Grubb .
Sampson is survived by his wife , Lola ( Madden ) Grubb .
He is also survived by his son , Jason ( Candy ) Grubb , of Crane Creek ; 6 grandchildren : Jacob Grubb , Regina Grubb , Jason Wayne Grubb , Bryson Hubbard , Madison McQueen , and Emily Hubbard ; his sister , Sudie Grubb Debates of Collins Fork ; and by several nieces and nephews .
Services will be held at 2:00 PM on Friday , December 8th at the Willow Grove Holiness Church in Manchester , KY , with Shelby Deaton officiating . Burial will follow in the Hensley Cemetery on Crane Creek Rd .
Visitation will be held 10:30 AM to 2:00 PM on Friday , December 8th at the Willow Grove Holiness Church in Manchester , KY .
Britton Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements .
Posted 9 hours ago
NTVs Mark Masai interviews the Kisumu governor , Jack Ranguma on President Uhuru Kenyatta 's visit in Kisumu and the upcoming ODM nominations .
Staff writer Mensah M. Dean joined the enterprise team in January 2016 . Since 1997 , he has worked for the Daily News , covering a number of beats including , education , welfare reform , criminal courts and City Hall . He began his career at the Washington Times , where he won a handful of regional journalism awards .
Rapper Meek Mill leaves the Criminal Justice Center after a hearing on whether Judge Brinkley should be removed from hearing his appeal , in Philadelphia , Thursday , May 24 , 2018 .
Philadelphia Common Pleas Court Judge Genece Brinkley , who has overseen the criminal case of Philadelphia-born rapper Meek Mill for a decade and who made international headlines last year when she sent him to prison , will remain on the case during his appeals , another Philadelphia judge ruled Wednesday morning .
Saying he lacked the jurisdiction to remove from the case a fellow judge who sits on the same bench as he does , Common Pleas Court Judge Leon Tucker denied the request from the rapper 's lawyers to have Brinkley ousted .
“ We have a judge that wears the same robe that I wear , that has not recused herself and has not disqualified herself , ” Tucker said in rejecting the lawyers ' arguments that Brinkley should be removed . “ I do n't have the jurisdiction to do that . It 's as simple as that . ”
Attorneys for the rapper , born Robert Williams , forcefully argued during the hearing that Brinkley should be replaced because she has been unfair to their client by refusing to grant him a new trial even though the District Attorney 's Office has said it does not oppose a new trial . The lawyers also said Brinkley should be removed because she stated in a lawsuit filed this month that she has suffered head and eye trauma as a result of a car crash .
The defense attorneys , led by Brian McMonagle , also noted that Brinkley had claimed in an earlier lawsuit to have suffered trauma after finding a hotel employee 's name tag in her hotel room .
“ If we are to take her at her word , she has disqualified herself from this case , ” said McMonagle , who asked Tucker to reassign the case to Common Pleas Court President Judge Sheila Woods-Skipper .
Tucker , who sits as the supervising judge of the court 's criminal division , responded that Brinkley can only be disqualified by the state Supreme Court . “ The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has refused to remove her from the case , ” he said . “ For whatever reason , you are asking me do do what the Supreme Court has not done . ”
The rapper was convicted on gun and drug charges in 2008 , and has been on probation for much of the time since . Last fall , Brinkley sentenced him to a minimum of two years in state prison , citing probation violations . The state Supreme Court ordered him released on bail in April .
A hearing before Brinkley is scheduled for June 18 , but Mill 's lawyers said they would file an emergency motion with the state 's high court Wednesday .
This is a developing story . Please check back for more details .
Laparoscopic Devices Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends , which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Laparoscopic Devices Market by equipment ( laparoscopes , energy systems , internal closure , trocars , insufflations , wound protectors , hand assist ) , application ( general , colorectal surgeries , bariatric , gynecological , urological surgery ) , end user ( hospitals , ambulatory surgical centers ) market status and outlook of global and major regions , from manufacturers , and end industries . As this report is expected to help key players among the Laparoscopic Devices Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023 . Some of the prominent participants in the Global Laparoscopic Devices Market are Karl Storz GmbH & Co.KG , Olympus Corporation , Medtronic PLC , Braun Aesculap , Stryker Corporation , Richard Wolf GMBH , Cook Medical Incorporated , ConMed Corporation , Ethicon , Inc. and Smith & Nephew PLC . According to the report the Global Laparoscopic Devices Market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.2 % in terms of value over the period of 2017-2023 .
Laparoscopy , also known as diagnostic laparoscopy , and is a surgical diagnostic procedure used to examine the organs inside the abdomen . It is a low-risk , minimally invasive procedure . Laparoscopy uses an instrument called a laparoscope to look at the abdominal organs . A laparoscope is a long , thin tube with a high-intensity light and a high-resolution camera at the front . The instrument is inserted through an incision in the abdominal wall . As it moves along , the camera sends images to a video monitor . These devices are mainly preferred for surgeries related to the pancreas , liver , colon and bile duct . With increase in number of patients suffering from abdominal disorders the global laparoscopic market is expected to grow at a significant pace over the forecast period .
The Growth of Laparoscopic Devices Market is Primarily Driven by Health Issues Caused by Obesity , as Rise in Obese Population Has Resulted into Laparoscopic Surgeries
The growth of laparoscopic devices market is primarily driven by health issues caused by obesity , as rise in obese population has resulted into laparoscopic surgeries . Moreover , factors such as growing patient and physician preference for laparoscopic procedures as compared to open surgeries , growing geriatric population , rise in prevalence of colorectal cancer which can be treated laparoscopically , and technological advancements are majorly driving the growth of this market . On the other hand , side effects associated with the surgeries and rapid technological changes could be the restraining factors in the growth of laparoscopic devices market . Going forward , advanced technologies that are likely to make surgeries easier to perform is likely to bring opportunity for growth to this market for major player .
Energy Systems Account for the Highest Market Share in 2015
The report on global laparoscopic devices market covers segments such as , equipment , application and end user . On the basis of equipment the global laparoscopic devices market is categorized into laparoscopes , energy systems , internal closure devices , trocars , insufflations devices , wound protectors , hand assist devices , sample retrieval bag and gastric band . On the basis of application the global laparoscopic devices market is categorized into general surgery , colorectal surgeries , bariatric surgery , gynecological surgery and urological surgery . On the basis of end user the global laparoscopic devices market is categorized into hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers .
Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at a rate of 6.8 %
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America , Europe , Asia-Pacific , and Rest of the World . In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S. , Canada , and Mexico ; while Asia-Pacific includes China , Japan , India , South Korea , Malaysia , and among others . Moreover , Germany , U.K. , France , Spain , and Rest of Europe are included in the European region . The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region . The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China . The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x % over the period of 2017-2023 .
Major Key Players
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global laparoscopic devices market such as , Karl Storz GmbH & Co.KG , Olympus Corporation , Medtronic PLC , Braun Aesculap , Stryker Corporation , Richard Wolf GMBH , Cook Medical Incorporated , ConMed Corporation , Ethicon , Inc. and Smith & Nephew PLC .
Table of Contents : -
1 . Preface
1.1 . Report Description
1.2 . Research Methods
1.3 . Research Approaches
2 . Executive Summary
3 . Global Laparoscopic Devices Market Overview
3.1 . Introduction
3.2 . Market Dynamics
3.2.1 . Drivers
3.2.2 . Restraints
3.2.3 . Opportunities
3.3 . Porter 's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 . IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 . Competitive Landscape in the Global Laparoscopic Devices Market
4 . Global Laparoscopic Devices Market by Equipment
4.1 . Laparoscopes
4.2 . Energy Systems
4.3 . Internal Closure Devices
4.4 . Trocars
4.5 . Insufflations Devices
4.6 . Wound Protectors
4.7 . Hand Assist Devices
4.8 . Sample Retrieval Bag
4.9 . Gastric Band
5 . Global Laparoscopic Devices Market by Application
5.1 . General Surgery
5.2 . Colorectal Surgeries
5.3 . Bariatric Surgery
5.4 . Gynecological Surgery
5.5 . Urological Surgery
6 . Global Laparoscopic Devices Market by End User
6.1 . Hospitals
6.2 . Ambulatory Surgical Centers
7 . Global Laparoscopic Devices Market by Region 2017-2023
7.1 . North America
7.1.1 . North America Laparoscopic Devices Market by Equipment
7.1.2 . North America Laparoscopic Devices Market by Application
7.1.3 . North America Laparoscopic Devices Market by End User
7.1.4 . North America Laparoscopic Devices Market by Country
7.2 . Europe
7.2.1 . Europe Laparoscopic Devices Market by Equipment
7.2.2 . Europe Laparoscopic Devices Market by Application
7.2.3 . Europe Laparoscopic Devices Market by End User
7.2.4 . Europe Laparoscopic Devices Market by Country
7.3 . Asia-Pacific
7.3.1 . Asia-Pacific Laparoscopic Devices Market by Equipment
7.3.2 . Asia-Pacific Laparoscopic Devices Market by Application
7.3.3 . Asia-Pacific Laparoscopic Devices Market by End User
7.3.4 . Asia-Pacific Laparoscopic Devices Market by Country
7.4 . RoW
7.4.1 . RoW Laparoscopic Devices Market by Equipment
7.4.2 . RoW Laparoscopic Devices Market by Application
7.4.3 . RoW Laparoscopic Devices Market by End User
7.4.4 . RoW Laparoscopic Devices Market by Sub-region
8 . Company Covered
8.1 . Karl StorzGmbh & Co.kg
8.2 . Olympus Corporation
8.3 . Medtronic Plc
8.4 . Braun Aesculap
8.5 . Stryker Corporation
8.6 . Richard Wolf Gmbh
8.7 . Cook Medical Incorporated
8.8 . Conmed Corporation
8.9 . Ethicon , Inc .
8.10 . Smith & Nephew Plc
Click the Below Full Report Link
https : //www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_laparoscopic_devices_market
Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif has constituted an inquiry committee to look into the death of a woman from Kasur in Jinnah Hospital .
The three-member committee will submit its report within 24 hours . King Edward Medical University Vice Chancellor Dr Faisal Masood will be the head of the committee while its members will include Fatima Jinnah Medical University Vice Chancellor Dr Sardar Fakhar Imam and the health department additional secretary ( technical ) .
The committee will thoroughly probe the matter .
London : Manchester City took a huge step towards the Premier League title with a vital victory at rivals Manchester United .
Chelsea 's title defence looks all but over after a miserable loss at West Ham United , while Wayne Rooney 's first Merseyside derby goal earned Everton a draw at Liverpool .
( Also read : EPL Sunday Report : Manchester City win , meanwhile Arsenal and Liverpool draw )
Here are five things we learned from the Premier League this weekend :
Jose Mourinho set his stall out nice and early ahead of the Manchester derby . The days leading up to the game were accompanied by a familiar drip-drip-drip of jibes , about City ` s alleged propensity for diving and `` tactical fouling '' and opposite number Pep Guardiola ` s right to wear a ribbon in support of Catalan separatists , in a bid to get inside his opponents ` heads . His tactical approach was familiar , too , a back four , two midfield scrappers and four quick players on the break . But the tried and tested Mourinho formula was fatally undermined by set-piece sloppiness , with Romelu Lukaku particularly culpable , that enabled City to pull off a 2-1 win and move 11 points clear at the head of the table . Mourinho was left to fall back on another similar tactic , blaming the referee , in this case for failing to award Ander Herrera what would have been a dubious late penalty .
( Also read : EPL : Manchester City beat Manchester United 2-1 in a nerve-wracking derby win )
Antonio Conte ` s champions delivered a lethargic display on Saturday . Even against an improving West Ham , Conte would have expected more , but instead , the 1-0 defeat left the Italian conceding that hopes of successfully retaining the title are over . Despite complaints that his squad is too small to cope with the extra matches , the side he turned out should have had enough to at least share the points , but there was no spark even from the reliable Cesc Fabregas while Eden Hazard drifted in and out of the match . It was a welcome boost for West Ham counterpart David Moyes , who has had little to smile about since his return to the dug out .
` Can we play you every week ? ` is an English terrace taunt that tends to be heard when a team are coasting to victory and in the case of Tottenham Hotspur and Stoke City , it is particularly apposite . Spurs ` 5-1 win over Stoke made Mauricio Pochettino ` s side the first team to win four successive games against the same opponents by four goals or more in the history of the English top flight , following three previous 4-0 victories . Son Heung-Min starred and Harry Kane scored twice at Wembley as Spurs brought an end to a four-game winless run that put paid to their title ambitions . Stoke will not be looking forward to April ` s return fixture .
The gasp was audible when the Liverpool team was read out over the Anfield public address system , and the next thought was the same for most Reds fans , had boss Jurgen Klopp lost his mind after leaving star forwards Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino on the bench . Klopp ` s decision to rest the Brazil duo backfired badly as Liverpool were unable to turn territorial dominance into a Merseyside derby victory over Everton . Despite leading through Mohamed Salah ` s latest stunner , the Reds were pegged back by Wayne Rooney ` s late penalty . Klopp complained that the spot-kick shouldn ` t have been awarded and blamed the need to rest Coutinho and Firmino on Liverpool ` s draining European exploits in midweek . Whether those excuses will appease the devotees on the Kop is another matter .
Things are turning sour on Tyneside , where one point from seven games and elongated takeover talk has left Newcastle United in the thick of a relegation battle and boss Rafael Benitez under fire . A 3-2 home loss to Leicester City could prove a defining moment for the Magpies and their coach . Without cash for reinforcements in the January transfer window , it is increasingly tough to imagine how long Benitez will sit it out in the north-east as the natives grow more restless less than a year after he led them to promotion .
More Videos 1:37 Katy Gaby discusses inspiration behind Denver Moore song Pause 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth ? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 1:32 Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys ' 30-10 win over the Giants 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers ' win over the Cowboys 0:37 Suspects target multiple storage units in Blue Mound 0:31 Tarrant County 's 10 Most Wanted Criminals , December 6 2:13 Hitler 's in , national parks are out . Strangest banned and allowed books in Texas prisons 1:23 Aledo defense smothers Richland Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Texas Law Hawk comes to Santa 's defense in holiday commercial It 's the night before Christmas , and all through the Claus house there is trouble . Bryan E. Wilson , the `` Texas Law Hawk , '' is there for Santa after Santa is busted . It 's the night before Christmas , and all through the Claus house there is trouble . Bryan E. Wilson , the `` Texas Law Hawk , '' is there for Santa after Santa is busted . Video courtesy of Bryan E. Wilson
It 's the night before Christmas , and all through the Claus house there is trouble . Bryan E. Wilson , the `` Texas Law Hawk , '' is there for Santa after Santa is busted . Video courtesy of Bryan E. Wilson
BEDFORD , Va. - Bertha Arthur 's home is the only house near the Graves Mill Road and Gristmill Drive intersection .
She 's lived there almost 18 years and has seen it change from dirt to asphalt and the rise of commercial buildings .
`` Who am I to hold back progress , OK ? Since I 'm the only house over here , it 's time for me to get out Is n't it ? '' Arthur said .
Lynchburg , Bedford County and Region Works 2000 are looking to improve traffic from the start of Graves Mill Road in Lynchburg and to the end of it in Bedford County .
In a recent meeting , officials proposed to the public new road patterns .
`` Well , what I do n't want is a roundabout . I think Lynchburg has enough roundabouts now . Roundabouts are not a good thing for here , '' Arthur said .
Arthur wo n't have to worry about a roundabout . There are several ideas , including :
Adding a third lane , or creating two through lanes , and a dedicated left turn lane onto Gristmill Drive .
Adding a second right turn lane . And a diverging diamond interchange , similar to the one near the Valley View Mall in Roanoke .
Officials with Region Works 200 say the proposed interchange will cost more but it will use what 's already there , including the bridge near the Lynchburg Expressway . It will extend its life without having to build new structures .
`` Well if they 're going to be building apartments and everything , I would think the diverging would be good , '' Arthur said .
The project will be paid for by Lynchburg city and Region Works 2000 . At this point , the Local Government Council , City of Lynchburg , and VDOT have no opinions on specific recommendations .
If approved by Lynchburg City Council , the work could start this summer .
To read the proposals yourself click here :
http : //gravesmillplan.com/ # home
file : ///C : /Users/REPORTER/Downloads/Graves % 20Mill % 20Road_Priority % 20IIIB_03-14-18.PDF
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
NEW DELHI : Union Minister for Human Resource Development Prakash Javadekar on Saturday launched 'Exam Warriors ' - a book written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for students .
Javadekar , in the book release event , was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj .
HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar & EAM Sushma Swaraj launch 'Exam Warriors ' , a book written by PM Narendra Modi for students pic.twitter.com/ug4cNeDaXS — ANI ( @ ANI ) February 3 , 2018
PM Modi has often reached out to students during his Mann ki Baat radio show . Since the inception of the show , he has , on many occasions , talked about the challenges faced by students and even encouraged them to overcome those challenges .
The Prime Minister has written the book for students who battle stress and anxiety during examinations . The book talks about the ways in which students can tackle the stress .
The book has been titled ‘ Exam Warriors ' and mentions various means such as practicing yoga . The book has been brought out by publishing major Penguin .
It lays special stress on the challenges faced by students who appear for class 10 and class 12 board examination . Modi , in his book , talks about why knowledge should be given priority over marks secured in examinations .
The book , which has been conceptualised by PM Modi himself , would encourage students to take up education in a manner that would strengthen and build their future .
A 38-year-old man was transported to Peconic Bay Medical Center on Wednesday afternoon after rescuers found him in the Mattituck Inlet , authorities said .
Medics were performing CPR on the man as he was transported to the hospital , said Coast Guard Petty Officer Hunter Medley .
Mattituck First Assistant Fire Chief Ted Webb said the fire department was dispatched at 3:06 p.m . Multiple agencies sent rescue boats and dive teams to the inlet , and the man was found about an hour later .
Webb said officials did not know whether the man had been swimming in the inlet or fell in the water . He said water conditions were calm and there were about a half dozen divers in the inlet during the search .
`` Everything was done that could possibly be done in this situation , '' he said .
Southold Town police confirmed the search but did not have additional information .
With John Asbury and Randee Daddona
The Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC was unveiled last week . And , it goes without saying that the upcoming flagship smartphones slated to be launched in 2018 will make use of this chipset .
We already came across a confirmation from Xiaomi 's CEO that the forthcoming flagship , the Mi 7 will use the Snapdragon 845 SoC . Also , there are expectations that this smartphone will be the first Chinese smartphone to feature the processor . In the meantime , there is fresh information from a Chinese website MyDrivers via GizmoChina that the Mi 7 will be launched in two sizes and both will be released simultaneously .
This year , Xiaomi announced the launch of the Xiaomi Mi 6 in April . Before the launch of the device , there were speculations that the company would release the Mi 6 Plus as well . However , Xiaomi could not launch the Plus variant due to the lack of the Snapdragon 835 chipset back then . Again next year , the Mi 7 Plus is expected to share the stage with the Mi 7 .
Going by the previous speculations , the Mi 7 is believed to arrive with a 5.65-inch display while the Plus variant is expected to adorn a larger 6.01-inch display . Both the displays are likely to feature the 18:9 aspect ratio display and a full-screen design . The battery capacity is expected to be 3200mAh in the Mi 7 and 3500mAh in the Mi 7 Plus .
Both the Xiaomi smartphones are expected to feature a metal and glass build that will give a premium look to these devices and also the support for wireless charging .
On the hardware front , there are claims that the Snapdragon 845 SoC might be paired with 6GB RAM . Like the Mi 6 , these smartphones are said to feature dual rear cameras with Sony IMX380 and IMX350 sensors on board . The photography experience is said to be enriched with support for AI capabilities .
Xiaomi is expected to acquire enough stock of Qualcomm 's latest chipset for the Mi 7 and Mi 7 Plus so that there will be no issue in making these smartphones and rolling them out for sale . It is expected that the Mi 7 will be priced at 2699 yuan ( approx . Rs . 26,000 ) and 2999 yuan ( approx . Rs . 29,999 ) and arrive sometime in March next year .
By RON CRAIG
STAFF WRITER
When the Seneca County commissioners meet in regular session at 10 a.m. today , they will discuss two issues related to Seneca Regional Planning Commission .
One issue is a resolution to approve a lease for RPC as they prepare to move from its current offices in the county-owned RTA Building at the corner of Washington and Market streets to another county-owned property a block and a half away on South Washington Street .
Stacy Wilson , county administrator , told the Review Times Monday the lease will be for a five-year period , and will include a maintenance agreement clause .
The commissioners will also consider a resolution to approve a three-year deal with RPC to administer a sewer district contract .
“ Last year , we had a one-year agreement with ( RPC ) to administer the sewer district contract , ” Wilson said . “ We had done three-year agreements before that . There wo n't be any increases in the terms of this deal , other than it will be for three years . ”
A bid opening is scheduled to take place at 10:30 a.m. for audio-visual equipment for the new Justice Center .
The equipment had been previously put out for bid , but those bids were rejected because they came in much higher than expected due to confusion over wording in the bid specifications , Wilson noted .
“ In this bid , we clarified the verbiage ( in the specifications ) , ” the county administrator explained .
The commissioners are also to vote on an authorization to purchase a 2017 Kobelco excavator on behalf of the county engineer , and on a grant agreement with the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections on behalf of the county 's Common Pleas Court .
In addition to the usual year-end appropriation adjustments scheduled for discussion and votes , an executive session is expected to be conducted immediately after the regular session is called to order .
Comments
comments
Australia has resettled about half of the 12,000 refugees it agreed to take in over the past 13 months from the conflict in Syria , but how are they adapting to life in their new country ?
It is a year since Iymen Baerli , a refugee from Syria , arrived in Sydney with his wife and three young children .
Within days , the skies above the harbour of Australia 's biggest city sparkled and glowed as arguably the world 's finest fireworks display ushered in another new year .
The newcomers shared their adopted homeland 's optimism about the journey ahead . Iymen , a 52-year old former pharmaceutical sales rep , had ambitions to open up a catering business , helped by his brother , who ran a well-established cake shop in suburban Sydney .
But 12 months later much of that hope has withered and the Baerli family are living at their modest apartment in Guildford , a multicultural district 25km ( 15 miles ) from Sydney Opera House .
War had forced them out of their home in Homs , Syria 's third largest city , and they sought safety in Egypt . Resettlement down under would eventually follow .
“ It was very hard moving from Syria to Australia . There are huge differences in the culture and tradition , ” he told me through a translator . “ I have been struggling and it is not easy but I am hoping that in the future it is going to be easier for me . ”
Iymen 's English is rudimentary and , although he is receiving tuition , his lack of language skills has been a major hindrance , as has a chronic back injury .
Miami : SpaceX is poised to launch an unmanned cargo ship toward the International Space Station Monday , including a super-computer that could direct astronauts on future deep-space missions .
The liftoff of the Falcon 9 rocket , carrying the Dragon cargo ship , is planned for 12:31 pm ( 1631 GMT ) from Cape Canaveral , Florida .
The weather forecast is 70 percent favorable for launch .
The mission is the 12th official trip for SpaceX , which has a $ 1.6 billion contract with NASA to supply the astronauts living in orbit over 20 such back-and-forth journeys .
About 10 minutes after launch , the rocket will attempt to make a controlled landing back on solid ground at Cape Canaveral , as part of SpaceX 's ongoing effort to re-use rocket components after each take-off .
If Monday 's launch is delayed for any reason , the next attempt would have to wait until next week , due to a spacewalk planned for Thursday by Russian cosmonauts , who will deploy a series of satellites from the orbiting outpost .
Complicated cargo
The Dragon is packed with 6,400 pounds ( 2,900 kilograms ) of supplies , including a sophisticated super-computer made by Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) , called The Spaceborne Computer .
The goal is to test the computer for one year to see if it can operate in the harsh conditions of space , about the same amount of time as it would take for astronauts to arrive at Mars .
As astronauts travel millions of miles away , communications will become increasingly delayed . Messages from Mars to Earth would be delayed from between four minutes to 24 minutes one-way , depending on the distance between the planets , according to the European Space Agency .
`` Such a long communication lag would make any on-the-ground exploration challenging and potentially dangerous if astronauts are met with any mission critical scenarios that they 're not able to solve themselves , '' said HPE senior vice president Alain Andreoli in a statement .
The new super-computer aims to provide `` sophisticated onboard computing resources that are capable of extended periods of uptime , '' he added , describing the year-long effort as `` the first step in that direction . ''
Another experiment on board is designed to help scientists study Parkinson 's disease in greater detail in the hopes of finding better treatments for this degenerative disease .
Un-impeded by gravity , protein crystals can grow larger in space , and scientists hope to use this environment to help them understand an important protein in Parkinson 's disease , known as Leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 ( LRRK2 ) .
Until now , this protein has been difficult to study in Earth , according to researchers at the Michael J . Fox Foundation , which developed the research project .
Other experiments on board include a stem cell investigation for growing new lung tissue , and equipment for growing vegetables in space .
Come and join the chat ...
Touring Car Chat
TCR , DTM , BTCC and everything else that can be inluded under the banner of tin-top racing !
David Gambacorta is a writer-at-large who focuses on longform storytelling . He started working for the Inquirer and Daily News in 2005 .
Meredith Chapman did n't realize she 'd walked into a trap when she stepped into her Radnor home on Monday night .
A female intruder who was waiting for Chapman had been careful to cover her tracks , going so far as to clean up the pieces of shattered glass that were left behind when she broke into the three-story brick property on Lowrys Lane , investigators say .
And then she pounced . In the moments that followed , the sound of gunfire jarred this otherwise quiet neighborhood . Chapman , 33 , an assistant vice president at Villanova University , was shot dead , police say , and her killer committed suicide . Neighbors called police shortly after 7 p.m. , reporting that they 'd heard gunshots and smelled something acrid in the air .
In the hours that followed , police began to unravel the mystery surrounding the shocking murder-suicide .
Radnor Township Police Superintendent William Colarulo said the killer — whose name has not yet been released — had apparently planned to kill Chapman because the woman believed Chapman had been romantically involved with her husband .
“ She went to great lengths to disguise herself , ” Colarulo said . “ She wore a wig , and took a train from Delaware to Radnor . She broke into the victim 's house , and cleaned up the glass so the victim did n't realize someone was in her home . ”
Chapman was a former communications official at the University of Delaware , and had run unsuccessfully for a state senate seat in Delaware . She was married to Newark City Councilman Luke Chapman , who announced earlier this year that he was not running for a fourth term .
Radnor Township officials are expected to release more information about the case later today .
Saudi Arabia 's King Salman bin Abdulaziz began his landmark three-day visit to Russia on an embarassing note . The 81-year-old arrived in Russia and while he was disembarking his private plane , his golden escalator customised for him stopped functioning .
The escalator stoppped just seconds after the King stepped on it . He had to walk down the rest of the steps . Once he got down , he received a guard of honour on the Russian soil . He was greeted by Russia 's deputy PM Dmitry Rogozin and a military brass band at the airport .
Known for his extravagant trips , the King reportedly travels with a 1,500-strong entourage , two Mercedes Benzes and 459 tonnes of luggage .
King Salman during his trip to Russia also met President Vladimir Putin and signed a slew of arms and energy deals .
If you think about computer-generated art from the 1990s or 2000s , you may probably remember fractal images or colorful kaleidoscopes built using math formulas . Even slow and old machines were able to create these images . Nowadays , when computational power has grown dramatically , thanks to the use of artificial neural networks , machines are able to go well beyond primitive graphics .
In 2015 , Leon Gatys from Germany 's Tuebingen University , together with his colleagues from Switzerland and Belgium , created the Neural Algorithm of Artistic Style . By using a pre-trained neural network the engineers taught the machine to combine pairs of images , one of which is a photo , and the other one — a famous painting . Thanks to the new algorithm , the neural network was able to successfully transfer the style of the painting to photos uploaded by users .
Here is Leon Gatys talking about his method in a video from Microsoft Research 's YouTube channel :
To perform artistic style transfer what we will do is we will extract the texture information from the painting and the information presented in the higher level of the convolutional neural network of the photograph , which basically preserves the content of the image and we will combine both of these representations into a new image that actually combines the style of the painting with the content of the photograph .
An artificial neural network is a method of computing which simulates the functions of a human brain . By using neural units connected to each other the network is capable of learning and solving complex tasks in areas like computer vision , speech recognition and machine translation .
Even though creating art is something totally new for neural networks , the machines are quickly developing their skills . Besides still images artistic style transfer technology has already been tested with moving pictures . So now it 's not a problem for a neural network to make just about any video look like a living Van Gogh masterpiece .
Gene Kogan is an artist and a programmer who is interested in AI and software for creativity . In his video about convolutional neural networks , he describes how machines analyze images by placing a square grid over the picture , and then going through different layers to figure out what is in each cell .
The activation maps in the second layer are more interesting because rather than looking for patterns from the raw pixels of the original image we 're now looking for patterns from the activation maps from previous layers of the network . So , for example it might be able to combine vertical edges and horizontal edges to detect corners , which we can think of as higher level features . As we do this process many times progressing through many layers of the network we acquire a higher level of features or representations of the image .
The last layers are the most interesting since the machine is actually able to recognize basic objects , whether it 's a phone or a water bottle , and match them with words from its database .
As neural networks learn new skills , it 's possible that they will not only be able to make their own versions of the visual content uploaded by humans , but they may start creating their own original art . A program called DeepDream developed by Google is already able to generate strange hallucinogenic images , which are seen by many as the dreams of the machine .
We 'd love to get your feedback at radio @ sputniknews.com
Have you heard the news ? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
Bengaluru : Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a massive BJP rally in Bengaluru on Sunday that marks the conclusion of the party 's 90-day Nava Nirman Parivarthan yatra across poll-bound Karnataka .
PM @ narendramodi ji will grace the # ParivartanaYatre rally on 4th of February , 2018 at Palace Ground , Bengaluru . Time : 2.00 PM . Please attend the rally in large numbers . # ModiInBengaluru pic.twitter.com/SwG2XCwoea — BJP Karnataka ( @ BJP4Karnataka ) January 29 , 2018
On behalf of the people of Karnataka , I take this opportunity to welcome Honb'le PM Shri @ narendramodi ji to Bengaluru . Looking forward to it ! # ModiInBengaluru # ParivartanaYatre pic.twitter.com/Eawf1Z8GJV — B.S . Yeddyurappa ( @ BSYBJP ) February 4 , 2018
Though PM Modi was scheduled to address the rally on January 28 , 2018 , on the conclusion of the three-month yatra that began in Bengaluru on November 1 , 2017 , it was put off to February 4 , owing to his pre-occupation with other engagements .
`` As the budget session of Parliament was beginning on January 29 and the Union Budget was to be presented on February 1 , PM Modi could not attend the rally on last Sunday as he was busy then , '' a party official was quoted as saying by IANS .
Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the rally at the sprawling venue in the city centre where the party is expecting at least one lakh people to attend .
`` We have invited thousands of youth , especially techies and executives of IT and biotech companies in the city to personally listen to PM Modi 's speech though it will also be telecast live on news channels and available on YouTube , '' asserted the official .
The party 's state unit has opened an online registration and is using the social media , including Facebook , Twitter , and WhatsApp to personally invite the youth , techies , educated class and prominent citizens to the venue , assuring them of seating arrangements .
`` About 30,000 people from across the city have responded , expressing interest in attending the rally and listen to PM Modi 's speech . We hope most of them will turn up as elaborate parking facility has been made for their vehicles at the venue , '' added the official .
In the run-up to the state election , due in late April and early May 2018 , the BJP conducted the yatra , crisscrossing nearly all the 224 constituencies of the Assembly across the state after its national president Amit Shah flagged it off .
The yatra was led by its state unit president and former Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa and party 's other state leaders .
Besides Shah , party 's central ministers Prakash Javadekar and Piyush Goyal who are in-charge of the BJP poll campaign in Karnataka , Ananth Kumar , DV Sadananda Gowda and Ananthkumar Hegde who hail from the state and the party 's all-state leaders will participate in the rally and address the public .
( With IANS inputs )
The Mali mission that the Canadian government announced Monday had a familiar ring to it . Canada will contribute two Chinook helicopters , four armed Griffons and an air support contingent .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pointed out that the contribution meets the government 's pledge to return Canada to peacekeeping and peace operations .
During the 2015 federal election campaign , then Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau promised that his government would “ renew Canada 's commitment to peacekeeping operations . ”
Monday 's announcement has a familiar ring to it . That 's because the UN had thought it convinced the Liberal government in 2016 to contribute the Chinooks and Griffons to the Mali mission . Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan had said that year the government was focused on Africa for a UN contribution . Mali was “ one place we need to be mindful of , ” Sajjan added .
In September 2016 Canada sent a team to Mali to conduct a reconnaissance mission in that country as a prelude to a potential deployment . Members of the Canadian Forces , the RCMP and Global Affairs Canada , took part in the reconnaissance .
Both the Dutch military and UN were lobbying Canada to provide Chinooks and Griffons .
In November 2016 Atul Khare , the undersecretary general of the UN 's department of field support , tried subtly put pressure on the government but outlining the need for the helicopters . “ I think the most important contributions currently would be devoted to Mali , ” he told journalists at a security conference meeting in Halifax after meeting with Sajjan . Both armed helicopters and military utility choppers were needed , he added .
It appeared that the appeals worked – a short time later information was leaked to journalists that the provision of Chinooks for the Mali mission was a go .
And then nothing .
In February 2017 it was revealed that Canada missed an opportunity to provide the commanding officer for the Mali mission because the Liberal government first wanted to confer with the Trump administration on its peace support plans .
A little more than a year after that the Canadian government is back to where it started .
LINCOLN , Neb . ( AP ) _ The state of Nebraska has temporarily suspended a former trauma surgeon 's medical license amid allegations of unprofessional and negligent conduct .
The Lincoln Journal Star reports a hearing for a petition against Reginald Burton for disciplinary action and temporary license suspension is scheduled for Tuesday . The petition was filed this month with the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services Division of Public Health .
The petition lists allegations from Burton 's former co-workers at Bryan Health . Several of the allegations deal with alleged misconduct involving young adult male patients and “ fuzzy ” prescribing practices .
Burton resigned from Bryan in December saying he decided to relocate his practice .
An attorney for Burton says the complaint was fueled by gossip from a group trying to drive the former medical director of trauma out of Lincoln .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HUMMELSTOWN , Pa. – A 39-year-old Pennsylvania elementary school teacher has been charged after he allegedly had inappropriate contact with five female students , according to state police .
James William Mentzer , of the 900 block of Innsbruck Drive , Hummelstown , has been charged with institutional sexual assault , unlawful contact with a minor , indecent assault , and corruption of minors ( five counts ) after a police investigation that was launched on Feb. 16 , police say .
Mentzer was a 3rd grade teacher at East Hanover Elementary School at the time of the alleged offenses , according to police . One of the victims was 8 , one was 9 , and three were 11 years old at the time of the alleged contact , according to police .
The investigation began on Feb. 16 , when school officials notified police about the suspected contact between Mentzer and five students between September 2017 and February 2018 , according to the criminal complaint . After reviewing the complaints , police determined that Mentzer requested each student to come to his classroom from another class or from recess on separate occasions to record videos of them for an unknown project that was not part of any known or recognized curriculum .
Mentzer reportedly recorded the students with a classroom iPad or laptop computer while having them read . He also reportedly had some of the students perform a puppet show , and attempted to hypnotize them with a necklace , according to the criminal complaint .
Two of the victims reported Mentzer 's conduct to their parents , who contacted the school , the criminal complaint says .
During their investigation , police determined that Mentzer would pull the students from other classrooms when those classes were being monitored by substitute teachers . He would reportedly have them recite an `` oath '' in which they were instructed to call Mentzer `` Master '' and say they would obey him , police say . Mentzer reportedly referred to his conduct as being part of a `` master plan . ''
Police say Mentzer reportedly could not produce the videos , saying the recordings did not work .
One of the victims told police that in January , 2018 Mentzer approached her in a hallway while she was on her way to recess and requested her help with something in his classroom , according to the criminal complaint . Mentzer and the victim were alone in his classroom when he asked her to read passages about `` communities '' from a packet , recording the interaction on his computer . The victim said Mentzer told her to act out the words she was reading with a giraffe puppet , and would get angry and yell at her when she did not read as the giraffe .
Mentzer also rubbed the victim 's leg , from her knee to her groin area , ignoring her requests to stop , according to the complaint . He would also rub her arm , and allegedly told the victim to look at objects around the room as he did so in an attempt to distract her , the victim told police .
A second victim told police a similar account , saying Mentzer pulled her from another classroom to his empty classroom , telling the other teacher he wanted her help with a project . Mentzer allegedly asked the victim to read about `` communities '' and act with a pig puppet on her hand . He reportedly recited lines of dialogue while acting with a giraffe puppet on his hand , the victim said . The interaction was also recorded on a computer , according to the victim .
A third victim reported that Mentzer instructed her to repeat the phrases `` I will obey you , Master '' and `` I will obey your commands , Master '' while the two were alone in his classroom . Mentzer reportedly recorded the interaction on his computer .
While the victim repeated the phrases , she told police , Mentzer swung a necklace in front of her eyes , instructing her to follow its movement . He also allegedly gave the victim a crown to wear and a wand and stuffed animal to hold in her hands , the victim said .
The other two victims also reported similar interactions when interviewed by police , according to the criminal complaint .
The school district released a statement Thursday . It reads :
Lower Dauphin School District placed East Hanover Elementary School teacher James Mentzer on administrative leave when allegations of misconduct were brought to the school 's attention . At the same time , the district immediately contacted appropriate legal authorities . These actions occurred in February 2018 . Mr. Mentzer remains on leave pending the outcome of legal proceedings against him . Should the outcome of those proceedings meet the standards contained within the School Code , or should Mr. Mentzer no longer possess the credentials of a professional educator , the District will take appropriate actions to address his employment with the District , up to and including termination as may be required by law . Mr. Mentzer has been an elementary school teacher with Lower Dauphin full-time since 2003 .
Mentzer is scheduled to be arraigned before Magisterial District Judge Lowell A. Witmer Thursday at 3:30 p.m .
Beleaguered dollar bulls have cause for hope after absorbing the most punishing six months in a decade .
With a little help from President Donald Trump and Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , the tide may be turning for the world 's reserve currency . It 's risen from its lowest level in more than two years , spurred by the Republican leadership 's announcement of a long-awaited tax plan and the central bank 's signals that it 's looking past tame inflation and expects further tightening .
The rebound could be a sign of things to come in a quarter that 's seen dollar gains for six straight years . But the currency has more than history on its side . The market has priced in little for the Fed beyond December and even less for progress on a tax overhaul , said Alan Ruskin at Deutsche Bank . That leaves the greenback primed for a bounce , potentially catching off guard speculators who are the most bearish since 2013 .
“ We 're now in an environment where the market is flirting with the idea of fiscal stimulus and tighter monetary policy , happening in the context of the Fed , which is likely to move in December , ” said Ruskin , Deutsche Bank 's global co-head of foreign-exchange research . “ There 's plenty pointing towards a squeeze in short dollar positioning . ”
Explanations vary for the fourth-quarter resilience , with the Bloomberg dollar index gaining almost 3 % on average in the period since 2011 . Year-end repatriation and the lure of U.S. equities , which also tend to rally in the same stretch , may be at work , said Shaun Osborne at Bank of Nova Scotia . George Saravelos at Deutsche Bank points to a pattern of seasonally stronger economic data . There 's evidence for that in Citigroup 's U.S. economic surprise index , which often sees improvement during the second half of the year .
But some of the world 's biggest investors are starting to buy dollars based on more than seasonal patterns . It 's a bold bet that faces plenty of obstacles , from the uncertainty surrounding Trump 's choice for Fed chair to the long road ahead for the debate over tax reform .
Fed Watch
The greenback 's revival in the past month coincided with a surge in December Fed hike odds , as Yellen said it would be “ imprudent ” to keep monetary policy on hold until inflation reaches the Fed 's goal .
The market-implied probability of a third hike in 2017 is above 60 % , from around 20 % on Sept. 8 , though an increase is n't fully priced in until next year . Traders are n't completely on board with tightening beyond that until 2019 . Meanwhile , policymakers see scope for three additional hikes next year and more to follow .
For Deutsche Bank , the gap between market expectations for the terminal rate and the Fed 's view is ripe for an adjustment that may drive dollar gains . A measure of where traders see one-year rates in three years has peaked at around 2.25 % since mid-2015 , and now sits at about 1.9 % . That leaves room for it to climb , with the help of a catalyst such as increased clarity on tax policy , the bank predicts .
“ If you can get the market not only thinking about the next rate hike , but multiple rate hikes , that 's a more dollar-friendly environment , ” Ruskin said .
Tax Trigger
Revived optimism for fiscal stimulus could singe dollar bears , who 've profited from the currency 's 8 % slump in 2017 as the so-called Trump Trade faltered .
The GOP 's latest tax framework includes lower levies and a one-time tax on U.S. companies ' estimated $ 2.6 trillion of accumulated offshore earnings that would clear the way for repatriating that income . To be sure , Congress 's track record this year in attempting to repeal Obamacare and the tax blueprint 's potential to widen the deficit have damped enthusiasm for action on that front .
Passing any sort of tax bill would be a boon for the greenback , said Ugo Lancioni , a money manager in London at Neuberger Berman Group , which oversees $ 271 billion .
“ If they deliver something , even if it 's not much , it 's going to be dollar-positive simply because the market has n't priced the possibility that they will have some success in boosting growth , especially on the tax front , ” said Lancioni , who 's been long the dollar since August .
One Direction
And then there 's market positioning to consider . Even after the dollar halted its six-month slide in September , hedge funds and other large speculators are the most bearish since 2013 , Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show .
That leaves traders leaning the wrong way if the dollar 's recovery gains steam , a scenario that looks more likely with Catalonia on the verge of declaring independence . The move could heighten euro-area political tensions and darken the outlook for the shared currency .
After reaching $ 1.2092 in September , the weakest in more than two years , the dollar has recovered to about $ 1.1750 per euro . A meaningful breach of $ 1.17 would accelerate the greenback 's gains , according to Osborne , Scotia 's chief currency strategist .
“ Weakness below that point is going to add negative momentum to the euro and probably force out some of the recently minted long euro positions , ” he said .
Friday 's U.S. employment report poses a near-term test for the dollar . Job creation probably took a hit in September in the aftermath of the deadly hurricanes . In the months ahead , the labor market may recover , leaving investors to focus on the two main pillars of the bullish dollar case for the year 's final months .
“ A small fiscal stimulus would still be extremely positive for the dollar , ” Ruskin said . “ We 're at full employment already and the Fed will have to respond with tightening monetary policy in 2018 . It 's kind of a perfect combo which would be significant for the dollar . ”
Bloomberg News
Related Coverage Fentress County chief deputy responds to sheriff 's resignation amid FBI investigation
JAMESTOWN ( WATE ) – The Fentress County Commission meeting was a packed house Monday night . Most were there looking for answers just days after Sheriff Chucky Cravens resigned .
“ This is a historic situation . It 's not a great situation for anyone . We ca n't spin anything like that , of course. ” said Chief Deputy Gary Ledbetter .
Previous story : Fentress County chief deputy responds to sheriff 's resignation amid FBI investigation
Ledbetter has also taken on the role and responsibility of the sheriff until Cravens ' resignation is effective . In that time , County Executive J. Michael Cross says the county commission can not take any action towards finding a permanent replacement .
“ Rumors are flying . It 's a small town . Everyone loves to live here . but when you live in a small town , everyone wants to talk . And most of the time they do n't have all the facts or the information they need. ” said Ledbetter after Monday 's meeting .
Community members who packed the Jamestown courthouse were eager to share their concerns with the commission .
“ We 're tired of corruption , if you will – people in elected offices who are not doing their job they 're taking advantage of it . We 've got to put an end to it. ” said Don Wambach .
Another community member , Kimberly Rocha , said , “ I think it affects our whole entire county and we need to bond together and get over this hurdle . ”
Cross announced the next time for discussion would be Monday , May 1 . He invited the public to return to Jamestown to share their thoughts and hear how the commission will move forward in the replacement process .
Candace Owens is a young African-American woman who works through Turning Point USA , among others , to bring a message of empowerment to the black community . I believe this video first made her famous :
Owens uses a theme from the movie The Matrix to urge young people to “ take the red pill ” and become conservatives like her . She has even had the courage to take on the Black Lives Matter movement .
Yesterday morning , Kanye West tweeted his approval of Candace :
I love the way Candace Owens thinks — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 21 , 2018
That caused the Left to go insane . Most of our readers ( like me ) probably know little about West , but he is highly influential among a broad segment of African-Americans and young people generally . His apostasy could not go unpunished . Reportedly , Adidas is contemplating canceling West 's shoe contract . But to his credit , West has n't backed down . These are among his many tweets of the last day and a half :
People demonize people and then they demonize anybody who sees anything positive in someone whose been demonized — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 22 , 2018
The thought police want to suppress freedom of thought — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 22 , 2018
Constantly bringing up the past keeps you stuck there — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 22 , 2018
This is in line with Owens ' critique of Black Lives Matter .
there was a time when slavery was the trend and apparently that time is still upon us . But now it 's a mentality . — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 22 , 2018
self victimization is a disease — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 22 , 2018
It is hard to imagine the pressures that are being brought to bear on Kanye West , an immensely successful businessman . Openly parting company with Black Lives Matter and the racial left could cost him a great deal of money along with subjecting him to ceaseless calumny . Time will tell whether he can stand up to the bullying of the Left .
But I 'm pretty sure Candace Owens is n't going to crumble . This is some of what she has had to say lately :
Kanye West tweets 7 words and leftists rush to smear me as far-right & anti-LGBT . So what terrified them ?
The truth did . The left is losing control of their blacks . Ready to be awakened ? Watch the truth about my journey off the plantation w/ @ RubinReport . https : //t.co/YviWe4PQk0 pic.twitter.com/GcN35gBoIa — Candace Owens ( @ RealCandaceO ) April 21 , 2018
Left-wing media have been attacking Owens furiously , while describing her as a “ far right ” figure :
Racist . White Supremacist . Homophobe . Alt-Right . Sexist . Misogynist . Crazy Your words are n't strong enough . Buzzfeed . The Wrap . DailyMail . Mediaite . Complex . Twitter . Yahoo Your whips are n't long enough . # MindUnleashed — Candace Owens ( @ RealCandaceO ) April 22 , 2018
Not quite sure how she qualifies as a “ white supremacist , ” but logic is not just optional on the Left , it is forbidden .
Far right ? Allow me to clarify : I believe the black community can do it without hand-outs . I believe the Democrats have strapped us to our past to prevent us from our futures . And I wo n't stop fighting until all black Americans see that .
I 'm not far right—I 'm free . pic.twitter.com/wtqCuYPtM2 — Candace Owens ( @ RealCandaceO ) April 21 , 2018
Some observers on the right think that because it involves Kanye West as well as Ms. Owens , the current controversy could prove to be a turning point both politically and socially . We can only hope that is true . In the meantime , if you live within driving distance of the Twin Cities , you have an opportunity to see Candace Owens for yourself . My organization , Center of the American Experiment , is hosting Owens at a lunch forum in downtown Minneapolis on May 8 :
If you want to attend , you can get tickets here . ( $ 30 per ticket , $ 300 for a table of 10 . ) I suggest signing up promptly , as the event likely will sell out quickly .
The Left 's desperation is evident on a number of fronts these days , but its determination to keep blacks on the liberal plantation is at the top of the list . Candace Owens is on the cutting edge of freedom for African-Americans . Her battle is vitally important to all of us .
UPDATE : I have to add one more tweet/video , which shows Candace in action shutting down some Black Lives Matter protesters . Brilliantly :
There are two winning tickets from WA in Saturday night 's lotto draw , each worth more than $ 500,000 .
While half a million dollars is n't likely to send you into the ranks of the mega-rich , it 's a lot more money than the lucky winners had before Saturday night 's draw !
The two WA tickets were among eight national winners of draw 3813 , held on Saturday 3 February , with each taking home $ 513,902.85 .
The winning numbers were 23 , 11 , 24 , 13 , 27 and 12 . The supplementary numbers were 31 and 22 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The United States would “ take out ” any North Korean missile seen to be heading for American soil , Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Monday .
He declared that any such North Korean attack could lead to war .
Responding to reporters ' questions about North Korea 's assertion that it might soon fire four ballistic missiles into the waters off Guam , a U.S. territory in the Pacific , Mattis made clear he did not want to be seen as escalating the tensions .
“ If they fire at the United States , it could escalate into war very quickly , ” he said . “ Yes , that 's called war , if they shoot at us . ”
Later he said , “ If they shoot at the United States , I 'm assuming they hit the United States . If they do that , it 's game on . ”
Mattis said U.S. missile detection and tracking systems can determine swiftly whether a missile launched from North Korea is headed for U.S. soil . North Korea said last week it is considering launching four missiles to land just short of Guam .
If a missile is judged to be headed for the island , Mattis said : “ We 'll take it out . ”
If the U.S. determines the missile would fall into the sea short of Guam , he said “ it becomes an issue we take up however the president chooses . ”
The U.S. has missile defenses on Guam , at sea and in the continental U.S. that are designed to shoot down ballistic missiles .
Mattis was asked whether decisions had already been made about how to respond in the event a North Korean missile lands in the waters off Guam .
“ You ca n't make all those kinds of decision in advance , ” he said . “ There 's a host of things going on . There are allies that we consult with . ”
Mattis was reluctant to speak in detail about how the Trump administration will handle future North Korean missile launches .
“ I need a certain amount of ambiguity on this ” to prevent North Korea from knowing too much about U.S. planning , he said .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Raise a glass across the Valley ( and throughout the Berkshires , too ! ) as the third annual Western Mass Beer Week rolls in this month . The eight-day celebration of local craft beer — which runs June 9 to 16 — is jam-packed with limited releases , special collaborations , beer dinners , cask tappings , and local products at breweries , bars , and restaurants across Franklin , Hampshire , Hampden , and Berkshire counties .
Typically , we might say that the third time 's the charm . But Western Mass Beer Week was a hit from day one , and the field has only diversified since then . In 2016 , by my count , 35 businesses participated . In 2017 , more than 50 businesses got involved .
This year , 60 breweries , restaurants , bars , package stories , and other businesses are showing off the locally-made stuff that makes us proud . It 's all bookended by the Berkshire Beer Fest in Pittsfield on June 9 and the Worthy Craft Beer Showcase in Springfield on June 16 .
These days are packed , so plan wisely , and consume responsibly . Stay up to date on Facebook , or visit westernmassbeerweek.org for a full listing of events ( some of which are ticketed ) .Until then , here 's my rapid-fire summary of Beer Week destinations :
WEEK-LONG EVENTS
Every night during Western Mass Beer Week , Taphouse Grille in West Springfield will offer a special menu of beer and food pairings from 4-9 p.m. , with details announced daily on Facebook . Belly of the Beast in Northampton will carry Artifact Cider Project on tap and in cans all week , with a special visit on Thursday from the cidery 's co-founders , who will bring some limited-release bottles to sample . Bistro 63 in Amherst will pour $ 5 local drafts from noon to 9 p.m. daily . And in Millers Falls , Element Brewing & Distilling will pull some bottles from their “ vintage library ” — some dating all the way back to 2012 — for a special tasting each day .
SATURDAY , JUNE 9
Berkshire Craft Beer Festival and Chug Run 5K : At the Common Park in Pittsfield from noon to 5 p.m. All proceeds benefit local charities . Featuring drinks from Amherst Brewing , Artifact Cider Project , Big Elm Brewing , Bright Ideas Brewing , Drunken Rabbit Brewing , Hitchcock Brewing , Lefty 's Brewing , New City Brewing , and Shire Breu-Hous . Tickets required .
Pints in the Park : Second annual concert party at the Greenfield Energy Park from noon to 6 p.m. features food and beer , with live music from Home Body , Hevvi Synthia , Kalliope Jones , The Fantastic Partnerz , and Reverend Dan and the Dirty Catechism . Brews from The People 's Pint , Berkshire Brewing Company , Element Brewing Company , Lefty 's Brewing Company , Brick & Feather , Hitchcock Brewing Company , Artisan Beverage Cooperative , and Honest Weight Artisan Beer . Tickets required .
Ludlow Brew Run : Four-mile run from 1-4 p.m. starts and ends at Iron Duke Brewing , where runners will get their first post-run beer for free . Registration required .
Bacon and Beer Pairing : The Foundry in Northampton offers four local beers paired with a series of bacon samples glazed with different ingredients . 3-10 p.m .
Beer Release : Abandoned at Lefty 's : Easthampton 's Abandoned Building Brewery and Greenfield 's Lefty 's Brewing Company have joined forces on an imperial stout with notes of oak , coffee , chocolate , and vanilla . Sold on tap and in cans at Abandoned Building starting at noon .
SUNDAY , JUNE 10
Valley Malt CT Riverboat Cruise : Hadley 's powerhouse malt growers host a two-hour tour up the Connecticut River on the Lady Bea Riverboat , featuring samples of beer and snacks made with local malts . 1-3 p.m. ; tickets required .
First Annual Belchertown 5K : Arcpoint Brewing Company raises money for the Pioneer Valley USO , with co-presenters Antonio 's Pizza and Baystate Dental . 10 a.m. to 4 p.m . Participants receive a shirt , bib , pint of beer , and a slice of pizza after the event . Registration required .
Strawberry Festival : Outlook Farm Brewery in Westhampton offers beer and barbecue in the taproom from noon to 3 p.m. , with music from the Standing Bear Band at 1 p.m .
MONDAY , JUNE 11
Western Mass Beer Trivia : The Foundry and Beerology in Northampton team up for a very nerdy beer-focused trivia event ( with prizes ) , held at the Foundry from 7-11 p.m. Limited seats ; early sign-up recommended . $ 10 per person entry includes blind beer tasting .
TUESDAY , JUNE 12
Smartest Brewery in Western Mass : Smartphone trivia night hosted by The Taproom in Hadley invites participants to join their favorite breweries ' teams and try to win this year 's Golden Tap award . 7-10 p.m .
Lager , Pilsner , Kolsch Night : Starting at 4 p.m. , the Dirty Truth in Northampton taps beers in select styles from Amherst Brewing , Berkshire Brewing Company , Brick & Feather Brewery , Fort Hill Brewery , Honest Weight Artisan Beer , The People 's Pint , and Vanished Valley Brewing Company .
Taps and Trivia : Plan B Burger Bar in Springfield hosts smartphone trivia . Special taps and attendees include Vanished Valley Brewing Company , Abandoned Building Brewery , New City Brewery , Brewmaster Jack , Artifact Cider Project , Berkshire Brewing Company , and Iron Duke Brewing . 8-11 p.m .
WEDNESDAY , JUNE 13
Beer Through the Ages : New City Brewery in Easthampton hosts a TED-style talk by Jordana Starr of Beerology about the complex and crazy history of beer . $ 5 cover ; 8-10 p.m .
Outdoor Deck Keg Tapping : Bistro 63 in Amherst taps beer from Building 8 Brewing on the outdoor covered deck from 5-7 p.m .
Short Film and Beer : Abandoned Building Brewery in Easthampton presents Roxy and the Renegades , a locally-produced short film shot in Western Mass . Screening at 6:30 p.m. ; limited couch space .
Foundry Firkin Faceoff : The Foundry in Northampton serves cask lagers from Amherst Brewing , Brick & Feather , Bright Ideas Brewing , Iron Duke Brewing , and The People 's Pint . 5-8 p.m .
Oysters and Oyster Beer : Amherst Coffee serves fresh oysters from Berkshire Seafood along with a new saison brewed with oysters by Bear and Bramble Brewing . 5-9 p.m .
Brewer 's Dinner : The Taproom in Hadley serves beer from local breweries including Bright Ideas Brewing and Brew Practitioners alongside a five-course meal by local chef Jason Dinelle . 7-10 p.m .
THURSDAY , JUNE 14
Locals Beer Dinner : Europa in Ludlow offers a six-course meal with beers from Vanished Valley Brewing Company , Amherst Brewing , Abandoned Building Brewery , Drunken Rabbit Brewing , Fort Hill Brewery , and a special collaboration between Vanished Valley and Greater Good Imperial Brewing Company . Advance tickets required . 6-9 p.m .
A Valley Malt Experience : Starting at 4 p.m. , the Dirty Truth in Northampton pours local beers that showcase the variety and quality of the grains produced by Valley Malt , with accompanying food specials . Featured breweries include Abandoned Building Brewery , Bear and Bramble Brewery , and Honest Weight Artisan Beer .
Third Annual Cask Night : Iron Duke Brewing in Ludlow taps a few special casks , with food available from 413Eats . Live music by Merrill Shepard . 3:30-9 p.m .
Jane Doe 16 Release : This collaboration between Drunken Rabbit Brewing , Jute Town Brewing , and Amherst Brewing is the newest in Amherst Brewing 's experimental hoppy series . They release this double IPA — conditioned on strawberry and pineapple puree — at 11:30 p.m. at the Hangar Pub and Grill in Amherst . The beer will be on tap at all Hangar locations ( with limited cans available ) and at Smith Billiards in Springfield .
Drag Queen Trivia : Monthly event at Gateway City Arts in Holyoke , hosted by Jenayah De Rosario Della Notte , teams up with Artisan Beverage Coop in Greenfield for a special evening of trivia powered by Ginger Libation . 7-10 p.m .
FRIDAY , JUNE 15
Beer Pairing Dinner : Element Brewing and Distilling in Millers Falls hosts a four-course , fixed-price dinner paired with beer and a special aperitif made in-house . Advance tickets required . 5-8:30 p.m .
No Fun Sour IPA Beer Release : Bright Ideas Brewing 's limited-release New England-style sour is a collaboration with Hermit Thrush Brewery and Four Star Farms . Tasting at the North Adams taproom serves as a pre-concert party for The Decemberists , who play next door at MASS MoCA the same night . 1-8 p.m .
Jessica Release : Jessica is a variation on Amherst Brewing 's flagship IPA Jess , and is brewed exclusively for Beer Week . Released at 11:30 p.m. at the Hangar Pub and Grill in Amherst , and on tap at all Hangar locations ( with limited cans available ) .
SATURDAY , JUNE 16
The Worthy Craft Beer Showcase : Always a sell-out event , “ the Worthy ” features four hours of tastings of local beers . This year 's line-up includes Spencer Trappist Brewery , Berkshire Brewing Company , Jack 's Abby , Iron Duke Brewing , and many more . Advance tickets required ; noon to 4 p.m .
The Brewery Comedy Tour : The Taproom in Hadley presents a night of beer , wine , spirits , and stand-up . Tickets required ; 7:30-9:30 p.m .
My Beershake Brings All MA Friends to Da Yard : The Foundry in Northampton presents a special menu of “ beershakes , ” including Orange Sorbet with IPA , chocolate ice cream with local stout , and more , in collaboration with Herrell 's in Northampton . Noon to 11 p.m .
The Beerhunter appears monthly . Contact Hunter Styles at hstyles @ valleyadvocate.com .
Related Posts
ROANOKE , Va. - A former pastor of a Danville church that was vandalized in 2016 is speaking out , addressing tensions that he believes led to that vandalism .
Ron Hill had only been serving as the pastor at River Oak Church of God for 18 months .
During that time , the church was vandalized twice .
Hill believes the vandalism was a sign of racial conflict in the community .
So he decided to write a book called , “ The Last and Current Capitol of the Confederacy . ”
“ The civil war has not ended . It continues today , ” Hill said .
In his 140-page book , Hill hopes that Abraham Lincoln 's dream of a nation reconciled will be realized .
He wants to share the message , `` there are no irreconcilable differences . ''
“ Lincoln 's idea was to restore the nation . My hope is Lincoln 's dream of restoring the nation , reconciliation of the races and reconciliation of every divisive nature , ” Hill said .
The book is self-published , available in Kindle format and can be requested through his email address : rhillpstr @ gmail.com .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan ( before tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016 , to shareholders of record on June 19
From Associated Press -
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) - The Oklahoma Supreme Court says an initiative petition seeking a public vote on whether to increase the oil and gas production tax to help fund education can move forward .
The court ruled on Monday that the petition is `` legally sufficient '' to be submitted to a vote of the people . Supporters will now have a 90-day window to gather about 124,000 signatures .
The Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association argued the proposal created an unconstitutional retroactive tax and violated the single-subject rule . The court disagreed .
The proposal by Restore Oklahoma Now , Inc. would increase the tax on oil and gas production in Oklahoma by 5 percent . About 90 percent of the revenue would be earmarked for a $ 4,000 teacher raise , with the rest aimed at early education programs .
April 5 Aurvista Gold Corp
* Aurvista Gold Corporation doubles the size of the Douay Gold Project Area by staking 294 mineral claims Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
District of Columbia : Women who accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct `` should be heard , '' US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Sunday , in an apparent divergence from the White House line .
Trump -- who was infamously caught on tape boasting about groping women -- has faced more than a dozen allegations of sexual misconduct , which he and the White House have rejected .
`` Women who accuse anyone should be heard . They should be heard and they should be dealt with , '' Haley said on CBS ` Face the Nation when asked how Trump ` s accusers should be assessed .
The official line from the White House has been that Trump ` s election victory was the final word on the accusations .
`` I think we heard from them prior to the election . And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way , they have every right to speak up , '' Haley said .
When asked if the vote meant the issue was settled , Haley responded : `` That ` s for the people to decide . I know that he was elected , but ... women should always feel comfortable coming forward , and we should all be willing to listen to them . ''
Accusations of rape and sexual harassment against now-disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein have opened the floodgates , prompting scores of women to speak up not just about abuse in the entertainment industry , but also in Washington .
Three members of Congress have resigned over sexual misconduct allegations in recent days , and US Senate candidate Roy Moore has seen a race he was once expected to handily win become contested following accusations that he molested minors decades ago .
Moore has denied the allegations .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — Russia in case of a threat to Crimea will defend it with all available means , Russian President Vladimir Putin said .
`` After Crimea became a fully-fledged part of the Russian Federation , our attitude to this territory radically changed . And if we see a threat to our territory — and the Crimea is our territory — we , like any state , will defend our territory with all means available to us , '' Putin told US filmmaker Oliver Stone in a third part of the interview broadcast by the Showtime television network .
Vladimir Putin also refused to draw parallels between the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and a 2014 incident in which a US destroyer got within the strike range of Russian missiles after sailing close to the Crimean shore .
The Aegis-equipped USS Donald Cook was dispatched to a Black Sea area off Crimea shortly after the Russian-majority peninsula voted in March 2014 to reunite with Russia . The warship left for the Bosporus Strait after it was detected and caught into crosshairs by Russia 's coast guard .
© Sputnik/ Ramil Sitdikov MSM Reporters Prohibited to Visit Crimea to Avoid Telling Truth About Region - Moscow
`` I would n't compare this with the Caribbean crisis . At that time , the world stood on the brink of a nuclear catastrophe . Thank god , we did not let that situation slip into it , even though we sent our advanced Bastion coast defense weapons to Crimea . We are allowed to use any means at our disposal to protect Russia . What was the Donald Cook doing close to our territory ? Who provoked whom ? We plan to defend our territory , '' Putin told Stone in an interview for his documentary .
In the third part of Stone 's The Putin Interviews documentary , airing this week on the Showtime TV network , the Russian president said the commander of the US destroyer must have realized the ship had been in crosshairs .
`` I do n't know this person , but he must be a self-possessed , reliable and quite courageous officer . He made the right decision not to aggravate the situation and push it to the extreme , to a conflict . It does not mean he would have been targeted by a missile strike , but they must realize the coast is protected , '' Putin said .
Here 's the Process to Help You Consistently Build 7 Backlinks a Week
By Neil Patel
Are you familiar with backlinks ?
If you 're not or if you 're just getting used to the concept , you need to make this common term part of your everyday vocabulary .
By definition , a backlink is an incoming hyperlink from one website to another .
Anytime a website mentions your name , brand , or company with a link to your site , that 's a backlink .
Sure , these may happen by accident .
Maybe a company was doing some research , stumbled upon a statistic on your page , and wanted to give you credit for it .
That happens .
But you ca n't rely on that as the sole way to build high quality backlinks .
Do you need to put an emphasis on backlinks ?
Absolutely .
Here 's why .
First of all , getting mentioned and linked to from other websites is a great way to increase traffic to your page .
A reader who has never heard of you may be more inclined to click on a link recommended by someone they read faithfully .
But there 's more to it than that .
Backlinks affect your search ranking in Google 's algorithm :
Getting your page ranked high on Google needs to be a top priority .
According to Net Market Share , over 97 % of searches from mobile devices and tablets are made through Google .
Google is responsible for over 75 % of the total global search traffic from desktop devices as well .
Take a look at the graph above .
Nearly 24 % of that algorithm has to do with the trust and authority of the host domain .
Over 20 % of the algorithm involves external links to your page .
Essentially , backlinks can help with about 44 % of the factors influencing your search engine ranking .
That does n't even include traffic , click-through rates , and page popularity .
I 'll show you how you can build 10 backlinks consistently each week .
1 . Take advantage of broken links
Broken links can harm your website 's ranking .
The key is to find broken links on other sites and get your page linked to as a replacement .
This is also a great way to network , make some friends , and establish beneficial business relationships .
Here 's how you do it .
Find some websites similar to yours within the same industry .
For example , if I owned a restaurant , I 'd look for blogs about food or pages that critique and suggest places to eat .
Next , use a service like Dead Link Checker .
Most people use such tools to check for dead links on their own websites .
You can do that as well .
But we 'll take this one step further .
Search for dead links on the websites you found relating to your industry .
Next , contact the person running the website , informing them about these broken links .
You 're doing this person a favor because , like I said before , dead links will hurt a website 's search engine ranking .
Now , you can suggest replacing these dead links with links to pages on your website .
This is n't a foolproof method .
The webmaster does n't have to take your suggestions .
They can simply thank you for the heads-up and replace the link with somebody else 's .
But it does n't hurt to try .
Think of it like this .
What were your site 's chances of getting randomly chosen as a replacement for broken links ?
Probably slim to none .
At least now , you 're in the running .
Give it a shot .
2 . Write guest posts
Guest posts may sound unappealing to some people .
You may think it 's not worth your time to create content for other websites .
Big mistake .
Sure , the number of monthly blog posts published on your site has a positive impact on your site 's inbound traffic .
People look at these numbers the wrong way .
Yes , you need to write lots of blog posts each month on your own website .
But that does n't mean you ca n't contribute to other blogs .
It 's not a waste of time .
Guest blogging is an effective inbound marketing strategy .
And it wo n't cost you anything .
The only price is the time it takes you to write .
Guest blogging will open lots of doors for you .
First , your name , company , and brand will get exposed to a new audience .
These readers may have never heard of you before .
Next , you 'll have a chance to create backlinks to your own website throughout the article .
If a reputable company offers you to write a guest post , say yes .
You can also actively search for sites in your industry looking for guest posters .
3 . Mimic the methods used by your competitors
If your competition is having success with building backlinks , you can follow their example .
Subscribe to your competitors ' newsletters .
Follow them on social media .
Pay attention to their tactics .
It 's an effective way to analyze your competition .
You can take this a step further with their backlink strategy .
Use a service like Monitor Backlinks .
With this platform you can monitor :
domains
competition
keywords
It 's structured similarly to Google Alerts , which I 'm sure you 're familiar with .
The only difference is the primary focus of this service is backlinks .
Here 's an example of what your reports will look like :
If you discover your competition has a home run strategy for building backlinks , follow their lead .
What websites are featuring your competition ?
Reach out to them directly and ask if you can write a guest post .
Maybe send them a link to one of the infographics you created , and offer it as a source of information .
Monitoring the habits of your competitors is a great way to stay ahead of the curve .
4 . Reach out to bloggers and journalists
Earlier , I talked about contacting webmasters to get backlinks through broken links on their websites .
You can apply this same concept to websites run by journalists and bloggers .
Even if they do n't have broken links , reach out to them . It ca n't hurt .
If you do n't know how to reach the right person , here are some options .
First , try the “ Contact Us ” option directly on their website .
If that does n't work or an email address is n't listed anywhere , try to search for the person by name on other platforms . Do they have a Linkedin account ? Connect with the blogger there .
You can also send them a message on Facebook or another social media platform .
Introduce yourself . Tell the person why your pages would be a credible source to mention on their blog .
5 . Actively promote your content
You wo n't be able to generate any backlinks if people ca n't find your information .
How are you promoting your content ?
Content promotion needs to be at the top of your list of things to do every day .
Having a website is n't enough .
You need different avenues to distribute your content across multiple channels .
Are you using videos as a marketing strategy ?
You should be .
Videos are growing in popularity , especially on mobile devices .
Online marketers are recognizing this trend and planning for it accordingly .
If you 're not using video to promote your content , you 'll fall behind the competition .
Build a successful YouTube channel .
YouTube videos are optimized for mobile devices , which is necessary based on the graph above .
They also have a mobile application , so it wo n't be a problem for people to find your video content .
You can include these same videos on other platforms like :
Facebook
Twitter
Your website
Other people 's websites as guest posts
It 's an effective content promotion strategy .
Marking experts recognize the importance of videos and plan to use them more often moving forward :
The majority of businesses are planning to incorporate some form of video marketing as part of their content distribution channels in the next year .
You need to do the same thing .
Promoting your content will make it easier for people to find you .
Ultimately , you 'll end up getting more backlinks .
6 . Build infographics on your website
People love images and visual data .
Use this knowledge to your advantage .
Here 's a great example from Marketing Profs :
Look at what they did .
They found a study and built a visual representation of the data .
What 's someone else more likely to use for a blog post ?
Numbers ? Or the infographic ?
The infographic wins .
It 's easier for readers to find and interpret infographics , especially if they 're reading a long blog post .
Make infographics .
People will use them on their websites and backlink to your page as the data source .
It 's super effective .
If you 're a faithful reader of mine , you know I love to include infographics in my blog posts .
I always give credit to the source with a backlink .
Here are some tips to follow when building an infographic :
Stay relevant . Use information related to your industry or areas of expertise .
. Use information related to your industry or areas of expertise . Use legible images . Nobody will use your graphic if it 's too hard to read or understand .
Nobody will use your graphic if it 's too hard to read or understand . Use accurate numbers . Make sure your data is coming from reliable and high quality sources . You do n't want to get a reputation for spreading inaccurate statistics .
Make sure your data is coming from reliable and high quality sources . You do n't want to get a reputation for spreading inaccurate statistics . Use recent information . Data changes over time . Make sure you update your infographics . Instead of coming up with completely new graphics every year , update your old ones .
Building infographics will also increase your website traffic .
It 's a great way to generate backlinks as well .
7 . Write reviews and comments
Here 's a great opportunity to backlink to your website .
Comment on related blog posts and articles in your industry .
Use your full name whenever you write comments .
This is a perfect opportunity to generate leads .
Here are some tips to keep in mind while you 're commenting on someone 's blog post .
Talk to the author directly .
Address them by their first name to start your comment .
Take a stance on a specific topic in the article or ask a question .
The post should be relatively short but more than just a few words .
Always use a valid email address so people can contact you .
Do not spam .
Your whole post should n't be about your business or website .
Stick to the topic .
Place a backlink to your page in a natural way within the comment .
Do n't be afraid to comment on big blogs such as Forbes or Mashable .
Again , it 's a great way to gain exposure .
Conclusion
Now , you have a method for each day of the week to build backlinks to your website .
These seven tactics work .
And they do n't take much time or effort .
Building backlinks needs to be a regular part of your content marketing strategy .
Why ?
Backlinks are a factor in Google 's ranking algorithm .
It 's the most popular search engine in the world .
If you 've never actively tried to build backlinks , it 's easy to get started with the strategies I shared with you .
Start by contacting webmasters , bloggers , and journalists .
Use online tools to look for broken links . Try to get your page as the replacement link for these .
Even if you ca n't find broken links , it does n't hurt to reach out to other websites , asking for a backlink .
Do not turn down guest posts . Search for websites in need of guest writers .
Build infographics . People will use your images as a source of information for their articles .
Actively promote your content . Use platforms such as YouTube to make videos as a promotional method .
See what your competitors are doing . If they have a great backlink building strategy , try their methods .
Comment on blogs and articles . It 's a great chance for you to gain some exposure and backlinks to your site .
Which strategies will you start using this week to build backlinks for your page ?
Source : : http : //feedproxy.google.com/~r/Quicksprout/~3/DsXOMjGCYbA/
A Joshua teen who survived a 3,000-foot skydiving fall in Oklahoma in 2014 was awarded $ 760,000 in a lawsuit against the now-closed skydiving company and its owner last week , according to federal court records .
Makenzie Wethington , now 19 , was badly injured after her parachute malfunctioned on Jan. 25 , 2014 near Chickasha , Okla .
Wethington suffered injuries to her liver and broken bones including her pelvis , lumbar spine in her lower back , a shoulder blade and several ribs . She spent weeks in recovery but returned to school about two months later .
“ If she truly fell 3,000 feet , I have no idea how she survived , ” Dr. Jeffrey Bender , a trauma surgeon at the University of Oklahoma Medical Center , told The Associated Press in 2014 .
Wethington had gone to the Pegasus Air Sports Center in Oklahoma with her father .
She was making a static-line jump , in which a parachute is connected to a lanyard attached to the plane and opens automatically when a diver exits the plane .
At the time , Robert Swainson , the owner of the Pegasus Air Sports Center , said Wethington 's parachute opened properly .
She began to spiral downward when the chute went up , but not because of a malfunction , he said . Swainson said a parachute can develop such a turn for several reasons , but that Wethington and other divers were instructed during a six-to-seven-hour training session on how to deal with such problems .
The lawsuit , filed in August 2014 in U.S. District Court in Oklahoma City , alleged that Wethington received only four hours of training and that Swainson was negligent by allowing her to use equipment that was “ inappropriate for her skill level . ”
Swainson 's response to the lawsuit argued that Wethington and her parents had assumed risk by signing a release waiver .
But Oklahoma law required that Swainson “ owes a duty of care ” to people who might have been endangered by skydiving , U.S. District Court Judge Timothy D. DeGiusti ruled .
DeGiusti agreed with the lawsuit 's allegation that her training time of four hours was “ too small and fast for a person of her young age and relative experience . ”
Robert Haslam , Wethington 's Fort Worth attorney , said more than 20 people had been injured at Pegasus Air Sports Center , according to testimony in the case .
One expert testified that Wethington needed a bigger parachute .
Another issue , Haslam said , was that the parachute she used was about 25 years old , though the Federal Aviation Administration ruled that the parachute was in good condition .
Also , Haslam said , of the four hours of instruction before the jump , only about 45 minutes was spent on how to handle problems with the parachute .
“ It was just a dangerous operation all the way around , ” Haslam said .
Three years after the accident , Wethington , now a pre-med student at Sam Houston State University , is “ doing relatively well , considering the circumstances , ” Haslam said , though she still suffers painful bladder infections and battles headaches .
Swainson did not appear in court and is now living in the United Kingdom , according to court records .
Haslam said he 'll file a claim in London to collect on the judgment , and the process could be difficult .
“ It 's just a delay game for ( Swainson ) , ” Haslam said . “ I think it 'll be very difficult to collect at the end of the day . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Friday
Even though the dastardly Punxsutawney Phil predicated six more weeks of winter , that does n't change the fact that it 's officially the month of love , y'all . Whether you 're in love , out of love , infatuated with Tom Brady , or simply love doing fun stuff in the Holy City , we 've got you covered . Check out all the Lowcountry happenings taking place around town this weekend :
Principle Gallery and Muse Wine bar host Abstracting Italy from 6-8 p.m .
Watch surf films and sip craft beers at the Surf and Ale Bash at Charleston Music Hall starting at 7 p.m .
Catch the monthly screening of theat the Terrace starting at 11:30 p.m .
It 's the First Friday art walk on Broad Street from 5 to 8 p.m. ; enjoy fine art art , crafts , fashion , sculpture , jewelry , and refreshments .
Saturday
Head to the Gaillard for an evening of classical music starting at 7:30 p.m . Listen to classic hits by Bernstein and Gershwin with a special appearance by legendary pianist Conrad Tao .
From 9 a.m. to noon at the Charleston Parks Conservancy learn how to master your camera settings through a live demo by professional photographer Libby Williams .
Learn to make traditional sweetgrass baskets at the Charleston Museum starting at 9:30 a.m. with basket maker Sarah Edwards-Hammond , a maker who comes from a long line of basket makers and has passed down the tradition to her own children , grandchildren , and others in the community .
From 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. flow with the Lowcountry community at Cannon green as you `` Yoga for Mental Health . ''
Head to the Purple Buffalo starting at 4 p.m. for Year of the Dogg , a hip-hop art show with a silent auction benefitting a pet rescue .
Check out experimental drag , where anything goes , from IT Gurlz Ivana Jungmann and Trixie Kawasaki at 5th Wall Productions ' Drag Lab starting at 9 p.m .
Hated your high school prom ? Do it over , '50s style , at the Royal American 's winter
with Grace Joyner and Gold Light ; fun starts at 8:30 p.m .
This is a Groundhog Day you 're going to want to live over and over again — the sixth annual
at the Music Hall starts at 8 p.m. and features musichal talent like Joel T. Hamilton , Michael Flynn , Aisha Kenyatta , Amanda , Kapousouz , Marcus Amaker , and many more .
Choose to run either a 5K or half marathon during the Save the Light race benefitting the preservation of Morris Island Lighthouse ; race starts at 8:30 a.m .
Watch adorable , adoptable puppies attempt to `` play '' football at the Mt . Pleasant Towne Centre Puppy Bowl starting at noon . There will also be family friendly activities and pet vendors .
Sunday
Watch the big sportsball game at a number of bars around town , we 've conveniently rounded them up for you here Itinerant Literate Books , in collaboration with The Little Artist Collective , presents story and craft time from noon to 1 p.m. at The Orange Spot .
Take a guided tour by a park ranger at the Charles Pinckney National Historic site starting at 11 a.m .
Much has been said about how 2016 was a year full of unexpected twists , turns , tragedy , and turmoil . The silver lining : Those same ingredients — tumultuous elections , controversial legislation , and blatant discrimination , to name a few — make great fodder for political cartoons . As we start what will hopefully be a saner 2017 , let 's take a moment to reflect on the year — and cartoony commentary — that was .
January
A large contributing factor of the chaos of 2016 was , of course , the presidential election . While Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the presumptive — if not pre-ordained — Democratic nominee , she faced a strong competitor in Senator Bernie Sanders . While Clinton struggled to connect with Millennials and the voting public in general , Sanders cultivated passionate supporters , running as a political outsider despite decades of service . He was , however , no match for machinations within the DNC to ensure Hillary — who had been an also-ran once before against President Obama — secured the nomination .
February
On the other side of the aisle , the field for the Republican nominee was crowded with a slew of candidates , ranging from political insiders and outsiders alike . During the primaries , Republican voters would whittle down the list , eschewing established politicians — including Governors Jeb “ Exclamation Point ! ” Bush and John Kasich , and Senators Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio — to nominate brash reality TV star and businessman Donald Trump . His most consistent platform being the labels he applied to his opponents ( “ Little Marco ” , “ Lyin ' ” Ted Cruz , “ Low-energy ” Jeb ) , Trump put the “ bully ” in bully pulpit and irked his party 's establishment . Between Trump and Clinton , voters would be choosing from two of the least popular candidates to run for the Presidency .
March
While the Presidential election dominated the headlines at a national level , the South Carolina statehouse provided its own news locally . In March , state legislators discussed making feminine hygiene products tax-free , as with other health care items . Of course , given the legislature is predominantly male , one could n't help but wonder whether those emphatically debating the tampon tax understood that “ feminine protection ” was n't a 2nd Amendment issue .
April
In March , then-North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signed into law the Public Facilities & Security Act , requiring individuals — including transgender individuals — to use restrooms based on their birth certificates rather than their gender identity . Despite the immediate outcry over LGBTQ discrimination , Upstate Senator Lee Bright would introduce a similar bill in South Carolina . Unlike our neighbors to the North , however , legislators ultimately killed Bright 's bill , and Bright himself would later lose his re-election bid . We 'll likely revisit this issue again in the new year , though , as first-year Representative Steven Long has proposed a similar “ bathroom bill ” for 2017 .
May
In May , Governor Nikki Haley quickly signed a bill — the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act — into law , making abortions illegal after 19 weeks of pregnancy . At the heart of this legislation was the claim that fetuses feel pain by 20 weeks , despite scientific studies finding it unlikely to occur before the third trimester . On the heels of the kerfuffle over LGBTQ discrimination and bathroom bills , this passionate concern over the human rights of the unborn seemed more than a little ironic .
June
Just as Charlestonians started to reflect on the anniversary of the Emanuel AME shooting , a gunman shot up Pulse , a gay nightclub in Orlando , Fl . Sadly , this revived many of the same ironies and questions as the previous year 's massacre , showing that — despite the bloodshed — we were n't yet any closer to understanding what qualifies as an act of terror vs. a hate crime , the debate between gun rights vs. gun control , or the impact of normalizing political rhetoric against groups who are then victimized .
July
With Hillary Clinton , Republicans had an easy political target , given her many controversies . Thanks in part to ill-timed — and purely speculative — reports by FBI Director James Comey , Hillary 's use of personal email servers as Secretary of State plagued her throughout her candidacy . However , she overcame one scandal when the final report of the Select Committee on Benghazi — led by South Carolina Representative Trey Gowdy — cleared her of wrongdoing in the 2012 deadly attacks in Libya , after years of fiery partisan conspiracy theories to the contrary . However , this bit of good news was short-lived , overshadowed by reports that Bill Clinton had a questionable “ run-in ” meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac amid the investigation into Hillary 's emails .
August
When pharmaceutical giant Mylan dramatically raised the price of EpiPens — epinephrine injectors used to counteract severe allergic reactions — to $ 600 for a pair , it was yet another concrete example of Big Pharma choosing profits over people . While Mylan would later introduce generic versions that would sell for half the cost , it continues to underscore the need to reform how we price health care and medication .
September
2016 continued the tragic trend of police violence against black men , including the September shooting of Charleston native Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte , NC . Closer to home , the court case against former North Charleston police officer Michael Slager would eventually end in a mistrial and a deadlocked jury , despite cell phone video of him fatally shooting an unarmed — and black — Walter Scott ( no relation to Keith ) multiple times in the back as he ran away . When it came to black lives or blue lives , there appeared to be some debate over whether one mattered more .
October
When a lewd 2004 conversation between Donald Trump and Jeb ! -cousin Billy Bush was leaked , many wondered if it would be the one-gaffe-too-far to finally do in the Republican nominee . In the hot mic audio , captured while the two did a segment for Access Hollywood , Trump discussed his tendency to kiss beautiful women — and “ grab them by the pussy ” — without consent . While many would point to these comments as the epitome of rape culture and sexism within Trump 's campaign , he shrugged them off as harmless “ locker room ” banter between guys . When several women came forward with claims that Trump 's words matched his actions in their experiences , an uneasy Republican establishment further questioned the ramifications to their brand due to their unorthodox nominee . In the end , Billy Bush would lose his job at NBC over the conversation , while Trump would go on to win the Presidency .
November
Yes , while Clinton would win the popular vote by more than three million , Trump won the electoral college and the Presidency . Given his “ America First ” platform and habit of disparaging groups of people based on race , religion , and nationality , it was probably little surprise that Trump resonated with white supremacists like David Duke and the KKK . The white nationalist arm of the Republican party — known as the “ alt-right ” — also came into prominence over the course of the election , due in part to Trump 's appointment of Breitbart News chair Steve Bannon as CEO of his campaign and chief strategist of his Presidency . Following the election , America saw an uptick in hate crimes , including attacks on Muslims and graffiti featuring swastikas and other racist sentiment , as if emboldened by Trump 's win . While Trump stayed silent on this rise in racism and unsettling footage of an alt-right post-election celebration that featured Nazi salutes , he 's seeming more alarmed by the cast of Hamilton , demanding they apologize for voicing concerns to audience-member VP-Elect Mike Pence during an ovation .
December
In short , 2016 was marked by things that zigged instead of zagged . Trump defied poll numbers , media analysis , and a punchline status to win the Presidency . Jurors could n't rule on a high-profile court case despite seemingly damning video evidence . The Grim Reaper took beloved celebrities and innovators — including Prince , Bowie , Gene Wilder , and Carrie Fisher — at a gut-punching clip . The trial of Emanuel AME shooter Dylann Roof ending with a ‘ Guilty ' verdict was a rare spot of sticking-to-the-script in an otherwise unpredictable year that left many simply numb by the end .
Your commute between Great Falls and Vaughn might be a little slower than expected because of the shut down southbound lane .
The construction engineer has told us that the 8 and a half million dollar highway rehabilitation is on schedule and the southbound lane is set to be resurfaced soon . However the reason behind this large scale project was because of the dangerous and unstable slopes right next to the interstate .
“ We are doing some blasting over here and we are laying some slopes back for slope stability . Just putting them on a little flatter slope so they are just more stable ”
The blasting is needed because construction crews have run into hard rock that heavy equipment just could n't take care of . I have been told the project is on schedule and the southbound lane of Interstate 15 will be opening up sometime in July .
That is when road crews will switch sides and do the same thing all over again to the northbound lane . However , the interstate rehabilitation is set to be completed tentatively in August .
UnitedHealth 's first-quarter profit soared 35 percent as the nation 's biggest health insurer slashed participation in Affordable Care Act exchanges but grew just about every other part of its business .
The insurer also hiked its 2017 earnings forecast on Tuesday , and company shares started climbing shortly after it detailed quarterly results .
Enrollment in Medicare Advantage plans and the state- and federally funded Medicaid coverage both swelled for UnitedHealth , which also continued to grow an Optum segment that sells several services outside the company 's core health insurance .
Operating earnings from that insurance businesses climbed 15 percent to $ 2.1 billion , even though UnitedHealth 's individual enrollment plunged as it withdrew from nearly all the Affordable Care Act 's health insurance exchanges . The insurer pulls in most of its enrollment from group insurance coverage offered through employers .
Advertisement
UnitedHealth had warned last year that it expected to lose more than $ 800 million on individual coverage sold through the Affordable Care Act 's exchanges , and the insurer scaled back its participation on those exchanges this year to three states after rapidly expanding to 34 .
Several other major insurers like Aetna Inc. and Humana Inc. also have pared back their participation after booking deep losses on the exchanges , which face an uncertain future as Republicans in Congress mull another attempt at repealing and replacing the federal law .
UnitedHealth also saw operating earnings climb nearly 16 percent to $ 1.3 billion from its Optum segment . That business provides pharmacy benefits management and technology services and also operates clinics and doctor 's offices . Earlier this year , UnitedHealth stocked that segment with a $ 2.3 billion purchase of Surgical Care Affiliates , which runs surgery centers .
Overall , the company earned $ 2.17 billion in the first quarter on $ 48.72 billion in total revenue . Adjusted results came to $ 2.37 per share .
Analysts forecast earnings of $ 2.17 per share on $ 48.33 billion in revenue .
UnitedHealth now expects adjusted 2017 earnings of between $ 9.65 and $ 9.85 per share after predicting $ 9.30 to $ 9.60 per share last fall .
Analysts polled by FactSet expect earnings of $ 9.50 per share .
Shares of UnitedHealth , a component of the Dow Jones industrial average , climbed more than 2 percent , or $ 3.67 to $ 170.85 in premarket trading . The stock topped $ 172 earlier this year to reach a new all-time high .
UnitedHealth is the first health insurer to announce earnings every quarter , and many analysts and investors see it as a bellwether for other insurers .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Sen. Bernie Sanders says the man who shot a congressman and four other people was apparently a volunteer on his losing 2016 presidential campaign . The Vermont independent senator says he 's “ sickened by this despicable act . ”
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on Wednesday 's shooting at a baseball practice for Republican lawmakers , and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor . But he ignored a reporter 's attempt to ask him questions on the incident .
Sanders says violence is unacceptable , and says only “ nonviolent action ” can bring change .
The director of Sanders ' Iowa campaign says campaign staff could not recall the gunman , whose name was James T. Hodgkinson . Officers shot Hodgkinson , and President Donald Trump said the gunman died .
Advertisement
Sanders unsuccessfully challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination .
No cuts to salaries . That 's the word from Deputy Governor Franz Manderson as a plan to modernise the terms and conditions of employment for civil servants moves ahead .
The plan aims to re-introduce the concept of co-pays and deductibles for their health insurance . It 's one of more than 50 projects under the Project Future umbrella .
Mr. Manderson told Cayman 27 the country 's health care liability needs to be addressed , but says there 's absolutely no appetite on either side for a pay cut .
“ I will have an announcement about that in the coming months , but I want civil servants to rest assured that we will not be taking money out of their pay , and like I said , we are still way behind in our pay scales , so we are not going to be taking money from people , ” said Mr. Manderson .
This civil service transformation project aims to address anomalies that arose after years of short-term cost cutting measures . It 's currently in the business case development phase .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
SEATTLE ( AP ) — Playing its first true road game , in an amped-up environment against an in-state foe , coach Mark Few wondered how No . 12 Gonzaga would respond following a one-sided defeat .
He did n't need to worry . The Bulldogs emphatically continued their dominance over Washington .
“ We came into a setting that was primed to see how we would react to adversity and I thought our guys just handled it in a spectacular fashion , ” Few said .
Johnathan Williams had 23 points and 12 rebounds , Zach Norvell Jr. added 21 points and Gonzaga ran away in the second half for a convincing 97-70 victory Sunday .
The Bulldogs ( 8-2 ) rebounded nicely from a loss to No . 4 Villanova and never allowed the Huskies to entertain the idea of a second Top 25 upset in one week . Gonzaga led by 19 in the first half and did n't let the Huskies put together a sustained run in the second half .
The Zags were 7 of 15 on 3-pointers in the second half and when they were n't hitting shots from the perimeter , Williams was scoring in the post . He went 9 of 14 , making most of them inside 10 feet while using a variety of post moves .
Gonzaga did n't settle for challenged perimeter shots and instead made sure its interior players were allowed a chance to dominate . The Bulldogs shot 56 percent in the second half and committed only three turnovers in the final 20 minutes .
“ I just came out and played more aggressive . I did n't come out tentative , ” said Williams , held to five points and no rebounds against Villanova . “ I played more athletically . I stopped worrying about the shots and worried just about playing hard . ”
Noah Dickerson led Washington ( 7-3 ) with 18 points and David Crisp added 16 . Leading scorer Jaylen Nowell struggled with foul trouble and fouled out after scoring 11 points , well below his season average of 17.8 .
The sellout crowd at Hec Edmundson Pavilion was intrigued by Washington 's development under new coach Mike Hopkins after the Huskies upset No . 2 Kansas on the road Wednesday . But it was a split crowd and those in Gonzaga colors had plenty to cheer in the second half as the Bulldogs dissected Washington 's zone defense .
“ The one thing I felt like they did better than us tonight is they out-teamed us , ” Hopkins said . “ That 's where we 've got to get . It 's the team . It 's everybody . ”
It was the first game in Seattle between the in-state foes since 2005 , a lengthy layoff with numerous excuses but no good reasons for the long break in the series . The teams played two years ago at a tournament in the Bahamas and then met last year in Spokane in the resumption of the series for at least four years .
Gonzaga has won 11 of the past 12 meetings .
INJURY CONCERN
Gonzaga got a scare early in the second half when Josh Perkins walked off the floor grabbing at his right shoulder with 14:33 left and the Bulldogs leading 64-45 . Perkins appeared to get bumped trying to make a pass and immediately called timeout . He pointed at his right shoulder and walked off the floor into the tunnel with an athletic trainer . Perkins quickly came back to the bench and missed less than a minute of game action .
Perkins said the shoulder briefly popped out and popped back in . He added the final exclamations with a 3-pointer that beat the shot clock and a lob to Rui Hachimura for a dunk in the final few minutes . Perkins had 14 points and eight assists .
“ Just some shoulder issues in the past . It hurt for a little bit but I 'm good , ” he said .
LINEUP CHANGE
Washington changed its starting lineup for the first time this season , bringing Nowell off the bench and starting Naz Carter . The Huskies had the same starting lineup through the first nine games .
THE TAKEAWAY
Gonzaga : Norvell has been outstanding since entering the starting lineup over the past three games . He had 22 points in the loss to Villanova and 21 in his first start against Creighton .
Washington : The Huskies could not capitalize on their upset of Kansas due to a sloppy first half . Washington committed eight turnovers in the first half , was just 7 of 14 at the free throw line and missed nine straight shots during one stretch . The Huskies trailed by 19 in the opening 20 minutes and did n't appear ready for the big stage while trying to follow up such a big win .
UP NEXT
Gonzaga : The Bulldogs return home to host North Dakota on Saturday .
Washington : The Huskies host Loyola Marymount on Sunday .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports . It was a role with the CFL 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided him with a platform to merge his best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in his role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews , digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter . He has also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres .
LYNCHBURG , Va. - Lynchburg 's former deputy fire chief will spend at least six months behind bars for embezzling thousands of dollars .
Jason Campbell faced 11 felony counts of embezzlement in relation to an investigation of the Lynchburg Fire Foundation after discrepancies were found in the organization 's finances .
More Headlines
He was sentenced Tuesday to 20 years with more than 18 years suspended , according to Lynchburg Commonwealth 's Attorney Bethany Harrison .
He will also have to pay $ 71,807 in restitution .
The 42-year-old resigned last year after discrepancies were found in the Lynchburg Fire Foundation .
A later review by the fire department showed Campbell had been inappropriately using his city-issued credit card .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
It 's feeding time at Brad Felger 's farm in Washington 's Skagit Valley . And he 's about to feed 40 hungry falcons .
Yes , falcons .
They 're an important , albeit often unseen , part of farming in some states , used as a defense mechanism to keep away pesky birds like starlings , which love to eat berries and apples .
Since age 12 , Felger has had a self-described love for everything with feathers , scales or tails .
`` Falconers are , what 's the word I 'm looking for ... eccentric , '' Felger says .
Now he runs Airstrike Bird Control as founder and CEO .
His business ? Raptor abatement .
It 's different than traditional falconry because rather than hunting quarry , he uses his falcons to scare off birds that can be bad news for crops .
In 2017 , he employed about 30 falconers and used over 100 falcons ( only about 25 of those are Felger 's ) to control troublesome crop-eaters .
According to research in the journal Crop Protection , in 2011 in Washington state alone , honeycrisp apple farmers lost nearly $ 3,000 per acre to birds eating their produce .
While nets can secure fruit trees and noisemakers can scare birds , there are drawbacks to each tool . Nets can be expensive , and birds can get used to noise-scare tactics .
But falcons ?
`` It 's using nature against nature . And it 's something birds never get used to , '' Felger says . `` They never get used to an aggressive falcon flying toward them . ''
Felger 's operation is non-lethal for the birds that the falcons scare away .
He flies his falcons all along the U.S. West Coast . In Washington , he starts with blueberry farms in May , then travels east , ending with vineyards in the Yakima Valley and Columbia Basin through the fall .
His operation is gaining popularity , especially with organic and eco-friendly farms .
Patricia Thompson is the falconry manager for the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife . This season she permitted nearly 300 recreational falconers in the state . Thompson says she 's noticed an uptick in this style of pest control .
`` It feels like more people are getting into abatement falconry , '' Thompson said . `` And it does seem to be more ecological to haze the birds off , rather than using pesticides . ''
Thompson is n't sure how many of those falconers practice abatement since the state does n't offer those permits . That permit comes at the federal level through the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service .
All states except Hawaii allow falconry . In other states , abatement falconers also work with landfill sites , golf courses and warehouses where birds can be a nuisance .
Thompson is quick to point out how intense falconry can be . It starts with a two-year apprenticeship , followed by an exam , and even a site visit where wildlife department officials examine facilities . She calls it a real lifestyle because the birds take so much time to care for and are in hunting-working relationships with their falconers .
At Fegler 's farm , breeding season has already started . Next month , Felger is hoping to add 40 baby falcons to his cast of the hardworking birds of prey . Soon these little birds will start training to become the next generation of fruit-saving predators , maybe protecting a blueberry field or apple orchard near you .
This story comes to us from Washington-based member station Northwest Public Broadcasting . You can hear the original story here .
The International Longshore and Warehouse Union ( ILWU ) officially announced on Aug. 4 that members voted to ratify a three-year extension of its master labor contract .
The contract extension between the ILWU and Pacific Maritime Association ( PMA ) representing port terminals and carrier employers is expected to provide for five years of labor peace on the West Coast ports .
The current contract was set to expire July 1 , 2019 ; the historic three-year extension covers workers at all 29 West Coast ports through July 1 , 2022 . The contract will provide increased wages , maintain health benefits , and increase pensions for the 20,000 members of the ILWU . Specific amounts have not been disclosed .
Midwest Shippers Association said that they , and many shipper and exporter trade organizations , “ encouraged the ILWU and PMA to come to an early agreement to negotiate and extend a contract , rather than delay and devolve into another dramatic port ‘ slowdown ' conflict that led to untold billions of dollars in losses for importers and exporters as supply chains ground to a halt during the 2014-2015 contract negotiations . ”
Remember back in 2014 when both organizations started contract discussions in May , as they hoped to avoid problems when the contract expired on July 1 , 2014 . Eventually , they agreed to continue working under the current contract and continue talks . Fast forward to February 2016 , when the White House finally said it would intervene in stalled labor talks at West Coast ports . The labor secretary met with both parties , urged them to complete a new contract or the talks would be moved to Washington , D.C. , meaning then-President Barack Obama may get involved .
Finally , after nine months of failed negotiations , severe slowdowns and disruptions at ports in California , Oregon and Washington , an agreement between the ILWU and PMA was finally achieved in late February of 2015 . Containerized agricultural exports , including soybeans , soybean meal , grain and meat , were affected . Given the need to transport them in refrigerated containers , meat exports were arguably the agricultural export most severely affected by the slowdown .
In an Aug. 7 , 2017 , news release , PMA President James McKenna said , “ This first-of-its-kind contract extension is great news for the maritime industry and the nation , setting the stage for reliable and productive cargo operations for years to come . This agreement also continues to provide ILWU workers with a generous wage and benefits package during a time of great change in the global maritime business . ”
Mike Steenhoek , executive director of the Soy Transportation Coalition , told DTN , “ We consider this contract extension as welcome news for agriculture and other industries that rely on a predictable and reliable West Coast to meet the demands of our international customers . U.S. agriculture has worked tirelessly over the years to establish itself as the most cost-effective , reliable supplier on the international marketplace .
“ Unfortunately , that reputation can diminish in a moment due to unrest between dockworkers and port operators . This unrest has reinforced the logistics axiom that one should avoid putting all one 's eggs in one basket . Agriculture and other industries continue to explore opportunities to diversify their supply chains so disruptions that occurred a couple years ago have less of a punitive impact in the future . ”
During the nine-month slowdown , agricultural exports , many of them perishables , ended up rotting in warehouses because vessels either sat at berth or went somewhere else to avoid the slowdowns . Some container exporters rerouted to the East and Gulf Coast ports , and some of that business never came back to the West Coast even after the contract settled .
“ While we are pleased the contract extension has increased the likelihood of stability on the West Coast , it is important to pursue all supply chain options to ensure we remain the preeminent supplier in the global marketplace , ” concluded Steenhoek .
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers : Infinity War .
Doctor Strange teams up with Tony Stark and Bruce Banner in Avengers : Infinity War . Chuck Zlotnick
AVENGERS : Infinity War is a big movie in every way .
From the star-studded cast of superheroes so big they ca n't even all fit on a movie poster to the budget - Wall Street Journal estimates it ties Justice League and Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End as the second-most expensive film ever made - and the scale of the planet-destroying villain Thanos .
And of course the stakes could n't be any higher . If Thanos gains possession of all six infinity stones then he has the power to control space , time and the very fabric of the universe .
So does Infinity War live up to the hype ?
Danai Gurira , Chadwick Boseman , Chris Evans , Scarlet Johansson and Sebastian Stan in a scene from Avengers : Infinity War . Marvel
For the most part , yes it does .
Directors Anthony and Joe Russo had a formidable task of bringing together the plot lines of the past 10 years of Marvel blockbusters .
The size of this film is both its greatest asset and its greatest stumbling block ( it runs for a whopping 149 minutes ) .
It 's nice to see so many beloved characters coming together , whether it 's reunions such as Black Widow and Bruce Banner or heroes meeting for the first time such as Thor 's hilarious introduction to the Guardians of the Galaxy .
Thor , Rocket and a teenage Groot go off on their own mission . Marvel
With so much time and space to cover , though , there is n't much time for all that mushy stuff .
Our heroes are soon split up across the universe in the hopes of defending the infinity stones Thanos is yet to acquire . The story deftly jumps back and forth as the Avengers , Guardians and other heroes are either battling Thanos or his goons .
More of a distant , looming threat in the previous Marvel films , Thanos ( played by Josh Brolin ) is finally fleshed out in the few moments when he 's not wreaking havoc .
A very big and angry Thanos . Marvel
The purple Titan explains his reasons for wanting to wipe out half the population of the universe and he almost makes case for sustainability and population control . Of course , he nominated himself for the job and that does n't sit well with all us rational folk .
The film goes to some dark places as the good guys face impossible choices . Could you muster the will power to kill the one you love if it saved half the lives in the universe ? It 's a major gear change from the more light-hearted adventures in Thor : Ragnarok and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 .
The body count in Infinity War is high - on both sides . The Russo brothers understand that without real losses it does n't really feel like the fate of the entire universe is on the line .
Those casualties , which I would dare not spoil , give Infinity War a wonderful unpredictability you do n't often find in action blockbusters .
Spider-Man and Iron Man team up with the Guardians of the Galaxy . Marvel
Sure there 's comfort in knowing the good guys are going to win , but have n't we already seen that countless times on the big screen ?
What happens if the heroes sacrifice everything and it 's still not enough ?
When the credits roll on Infinity War , you 'll wonder 'where does Marvel go from here ? ' ''
Of course this is n't the end , with another Ant-Man movie , Captain Marvel and an untitled Avengers film , again with the Russo brothers directing , all in the works . There 's even a third Guardians film in development for release in 2020 .
The possibilities of where Marvel 's Cinematic Unvierse will go are more exciting than ever .
Avengers : Infinity War opens in cinemas today .
Avengers : Infinity War
Stars : Robert Downey Jr , Josh Brolin , Chris Evans , Chris Hemsworth , Scarlett Johansson , Chris Pratt , Zoe Saldana , Sebastian Stan , Tom Holland , Benedict Cumberbatch .
Directors : Anthony Russo , Joe Russo
Rating : M
Verdict : 4 stars
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK , June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp 's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada , a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday .
Sexual harassment has been around a long time . It probably started the first week that cave men ( and cave women ) left their camp fires and moved into offices to handle tribal business and deal with Wooly Mammoth futures or flint spear-point production .
When we think of sexual harassment at the office , it 's often in the context of a male supervisor or coworker making unwanted advances ( sometimes serious threats ) toward a female subordinate or coworker . But it can include female bosses bothering male employees , or same-sex harassment . Being obnoxious is not gender specific . In the past , those accused have ranged from some very recent U.S. Presidents to high-level officials and even park rangers . There are high-profile cases — from Bill Cosby to Bill O'Reilly — all over the place almost all of the time . It happens in churches too . Some of the behavior is criminal in nature . Most of us have heard about work-related incidents . Many of us have direct knowledge of them either through friends and coworkers or because we were the victim . Or the accused .
While on sick leave last week ( bad back ) the editors ran a recent column , “ Sexual harassment at work : some people never learn. ” It was about allegations of what sound like super-hostile working conditions at the National Park Service . And what the Interior Department plans to do about it .
Several people had comments about the column — and the situation governmentwide . One , an Internal Revenue Service worker who said I was waaaay behind the times . It 's a new world out there , he said . According to him , the growing number of women in top government jobs has meant an increase in female-on-male sexual harassment incidents . He wrote :
” Mike , “ You are showing your age . One of the main reasons for sexual harassment has been men in power who have tried to force their attention on women they had some control over . Today , we have more women in power then in the history of IRS . The pendulum will now swing to having some women forcing themselves on men they have some control over . I have a friend who worked for another agency whose problem was that he looked like Billy Dee Williams and his female supervisor kept giving him poor annual reviews for obvious reasons . He had to be moved to another office . “ Mike , the world is now in 2017 and the game and players have changed . Please remember this for your next column on sexual harassment . “ Gene
Fair enough . Gene may very well be onto something , although Billy Dee Williams is now 80-years old and it 's likely that his back-in-the-day IRS lookalike probably has n't been harassed for some time . But the point is well taken . So what do you think ? Is boorish/dangerous sexual behavior at the office now more of a two-way street ? Send me an email with your take .
Nearly Useless Factoid
By Michael O'Connell
In Star Wars lore , Han Solo won the Millennium Falcon from its previous owner , Lando Calrissian , in a game of sabacc .
Source : Fandom
It has been more than a decade since local first responders had to pool together as many resources as they needed to face a hazard that closed the QEW to traffic for nearly 12 hours Tuesday .
St. Catharines fire Chief David Wood said the local unified command protocol had never previously been implemented in response to an emergency that involved hazardous materials — not until that transport truck carrying 45 containers of phosphine gas rolled over on the QEW near Martindale Road , at about 3:30 p.m. that afternoon .
The last time local emergency workers faced “ an incident where we had to activate our UCU ( unified command unit ) was I think in 2007 when we had that wind storm , ” Wood said , referring to a storm with gusts exceeding 100km/h that hit the region shortly before Christmas that year .
But following the collision Tuesday , concerns quickly escalated when responding emergency workers found a placard affixed to the truck bearing the numbers 2199 — indicating it was hauling phosphine gas . The hazardous , potentially flammable gas led to the heightened emergency response , calling in additional resources to protect the community just in case any of the substance leaked .
The colourless , usually odourless gas used in textiles , fumigation and pest control in farms , can also burst into flames when exposed to water and if inhaled phosphine attacks the human body like a military-grade nerve gas .
Because there was no detected leak , Niagara Emergency Medical Services Chief Kevin Smith said there “ was not an imminent risk to life ” following the crash .
There was , however , “ some risk and we wanted to make sure we did it properly , but not to create any panic . ”
An evacuation zone was set up in a 1.2-km radius around the crash site , later expanded to 2 km as emergency crews prepared for the worst case scenario , said Smith , who also serves as Niagara Region 's community emergency management co-ordinator .
Businesses were evacuated and residents living in about 3,500 homes within that area were advised to “ shelter-in-place ” — stay indoors with closed windows .
Although it 's rare that joint emergency services protocols are implemented , Wood said first responders regularly train for similar situations .
“ Every day there are hazardous chemicals that are being carried up and down the highways , ” Wood said . “ Unfortunately , situations do happen , accidents do happen , and that 's why the services are here to provide that mitigation . ”
Niagara Regional Police superintendent of emergency and investigative services Brett Flynn said the danger posed by the crashed truck is the type of thing “ we hope we never see . ”
But it 's also a situation that emergency workers “ certainly train for , as far as yesterday was concerned , to great degree , ” he said .
Flynn said about 50 police officers were dispatched to the area .
Detectives and other officers were called in , too , because there were not that many uniformed officers on duty in the area at the time to assist with evacuating businesses , informing residents about the situation , and helping with traffic management .
City streets , however , were snarled for hours .
“ Traffic management was certainly an issue , ” Flynn said . “ Our roadways and their width and everything that we have , it 's not set up for that situation . ”
Despite reports on social media websites that some people were allowed to return to their homes within the 2-km radius , NRP Const . Phil Gavin said officers were supposed to prevent all residents from entering the area .
“ If they did return home prior to the official lifting of the shelter-in-place notification , and were allowed in , that should not have occurred , ” he said .
The shelter-in-place order remained in effect until nearly 1 a.m .
The highway did n't reopen to traffic until two hours later . Even then , Ontario Provincial Police Sgt . Kerry Schmidt said that one east-bound lane near the crash site was expected to remain closed throughout most of Wednesday , to allow repairs to be made to the highway median .
While it might have been an inconvenience for motorists as well as affected residents , Wood said the precautions were intended to keep the emergency from escalating .
“ Every incident can get worse , ” he said .
But as a result of the efforts of emergency workers , he said the incident did not escalate beyond that initial emergency and no injuries were reported .
“ We 're just fortunate , ” Wood said . “ I believe in divine intervention . ”
Smith said the closure of the busy highway did create “ some secondary challenges . ”
“ There were one or two incidents where it was just more out of confusion and panic , and people calling 911 to make sure others were well and for us to be able to access the area to make certain , ” he said . “ But there were no outcomes that were negative as a result of this at all . ”
Smith said emergency workers will now review their response , “ to make sure we look at ways that we can improve on making that more wholesome for the community . ”
“ Yes , this was a serious situation , and it could have been much more serious , but it 's also an opportunity for us to now dissect it , ” he said .
Schmidt said although OPP officers initially were told that mechanical failure led to the truck crash , that wo n't be known for certain until the investigation is concluded .
“ Our officers are actually doing the mechanical investigation now , so I do n't have any confirmation on that . That is still yet to be determined , ” he said .
Neither the truck 's destination nor the shipping company involved in the incident have been identified by police , either .
St. Catharines Mayor Wayne Sendzik was attending a Great Lakes conference in Montreal at the time of the crash , giving him a unique perspective from which to follow it unfolding .
“ I can say that everyone did a great job , ” he said , referring to firefighters , police , paramedics as well as the city , which set up its emergency command centre .
“ Working with the fire department and Niagara Regional Police , the city has a central role to play in that , ” Sendzik said .
The city also opened its Seymour-Hannah Sports and Entertainment Centre on St. Paul Street West to anyone who was unable to return to their homes . St. Catharines communications manager Evan McGinty said no one used the facility during the incident .
ABenner @ postmedia.com
Some say the world will end in fire , some say in ice , but when it comes to what sunk the Titanic , the answer has always appeared to be crystal clear . New evidence , though , might change those assumptions , The Independent reports — a researcher now believes an iceberg is n't to blame for the ocean liner 's sinking , but actually a fire that had been raging in the hull of the ship for almost three weeks :
While experts have previously acknowledged the theory of a fire on board , new analysis of rarely seen photographs has prompted researchers to blame the fire as the primary cause of the ship 's demise . Journalist Senan Molony , who has spent more than 30 years researching the sinking of the Titanic , studied photographs taken by the ship 's chief electrical engineers before it left Belfast shipyard . Mr. Maloney said he was able to identify 30-foot-long black marks along the front right-hand side of the hull , just behind where the ship 's lining was pierced by the iceberg . He said : “ We are looking at the exact area where the iceberg stuck , and we appear to have a weakness or damage to the hull in that specific place , before she even left Belfast . '' [ The Independent ]
The fire was too large and too hot to be put out , with 12 men reportedly failing to quench the 1800-degree flames . Officials on board the ship were allegedly instructed not to mention the fire to the Titanic 's passengers , with the ship even reversing into its berth at Southampton to keep people from seeing where the fire had damaged the ship .
`` Nobody has investigated these marks before , '' Molony said . `` It totally changes the narrative . We have metallurgy experts telling us that when you get that level of temperature against steel it makes it brittle , and reduces its strength by up to 75 percent . The fire was known about , but it was played down . She should never have been put to sea . ''
Over 1,500 people lost their lives when the Titanic sank on its maiden voyage between Southampton and New York City in April 1912 . Jeva Lange
DETROIT - The father of two who charged at convicted sexual abuser Larry Nassar in court on Friday has spoken out about his action in the courtroom .
Randall Margraves apologized for his actions during a press conference Friday afternoon , saying he was embarrassed by his actions .
`` I 'm not advocating that everyone should do that , I feel very remorseful , very apologetic . I was embarrassed , '' Margraves said .
Margraves added that he 's `` no hero '' and that the heroes are `` Nassar 's victims . ''
`` I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that , when the day comes , that Larry Nassar has ended his days on this Earth , that he will be escorted to one of the deepest , darkest , hottest pits in Hell there is – for him and people like him , '' Margraves said in closing . `` I hope there 's a lot of pain attached to it , because he 's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth . ''
Read Margraves full statement below :
This morning I got up with full intention to go to work . I was going to stop by the courthouse for support , I knew my daughters were going to make an impact statement , I did not know the content in the impact statement . We went to the podium , Sherry , their mother and myself , in support of the two daughters . When I had to hear what was said in those statements and I have to look over at Larry Nassar shaking his head , that 's when I lost control .
I 'm not advocating that everyone should do that , I feel very remorseful , very apologetic . I was embarrassed . I thank Judge Cunningham and all the court system for their leniency on me . This is to not be a lawless society , I know that , I lost control , but I regained control later – in a holding cell .
When my children were little , they were taught to respect and obey and trust authority . That means the police , and their parents , and their , teachers and their coaches , and their doctors . They were taught to respect and obey and trust adults , because adults would teach them the proper way to live their lives . And we see what happened there .
When the girls were little , Sherry and myself worked hard to provide extra opportunities for our children , and they found these opportunities on the athletic fields . They all participated in sports camps and traveling teams and they all played basketball , softball , volleyball and they ran track , cross-country and gymnastics . And then the injuries started showing up .
Almost immediately , this family 's getting professional advice to see one of the top doctors in his field , Larry Nassar . And I should have felt privileged for getting the invoices , because , after all , he 's taking care of Michigan State University athletes , as well as Olympians .
I allowed myself to take this advice , I fell for the Michigan State hype , I was blinded to the fancy degrees hanging on an office wall and I delivered , unintentionally , my three daughters to a demon , who had his own twisted and sick agenda for his own demented desires .
Now I have to live with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters . This is a strong family , we will get through it .
Sometimes the relationships between me and my daughters have been strained , stressed , distant . I was always trying to figure that out . I was always frustrated and puzzled . I always tried to work as hard as I could to be a good father and now I know what one of the reasons were , the main reason . The reason was Larry Nassar .
Now I have to worry that my daughters can ever trust another man for the rest of their life . The survivors and the victims are most important now , and my daughters are a part of that . If it was n't for all the brave girls and women that have come forward before now , I do n't know if my family could 've came forward now , so I appreciate and thank all the victims and survivors for what they 've done .
I do not doubt for a minute all the people who have come forward , there 's was probably even more victims out there that have yet to come forward . And to them I say I wish you well and I hope you can find the inner strength to go down the path of recovery .
Like I said , the victims and survivors are the most important , but I represent the parents and the grandparents and the family members and the friends and the community members and the coaches and the teachers , all who have cared and taught and loved these kids , not just my kids , but all these kids , the right way . I thank all of those for their support .
I want to wrap this up . I will tell you that I believe in God almighty , I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that , when the day comes , that Larry Nassar has ended his days on this Earth , that he will be escorted to one of the deepest , darkest , hottest pits in Hell there is – for him and people like him . I hope there 's a lot of pain attached to it , because he 's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth .
