KEEN : Aleta Bellingham will be vying for the title of Warwick Rodeo Junior Cowgirl .
KEEN : Aleta Bellingham will be vying for the title of Warwick Rodeo Junior Cowgirl . Contributed
AN ATTITUDE to have a go at anything has spurred on this Warwick Rodeo Junior Cowgirl hopeful .
Aleta Bellingham is entering her first rodeo contest , and said she is looking forward to the new ground .
`` I 've been coming to the Warwick Rodeo since I was very young , ” Aleta said .
`` I competed last year in the pony club barrel race and came fourth , which was a lot of fun and very exciting .
`` My mother and father have also competed for many years in the campdraft , as well as my uncle . ”
The 12-year-old is currently in Year 7 at Warwick State High , where she is a keen athlete .
`` This year I represented Warwick State in athletics in the 100 and 200 metre events , ” she said .
`` I 'm also a member of the Warwick Pony Club , and competed in the state championships in Roma , which was really fun and a great experience . ”
Aleta will be partnered by Signet , her black quarter horse mare she describes as `` very kind and loving ” .
She said she is looking forward to entering the competition to make new friends and take in the experience which she has been a part of for many years .
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern got in some practice holding a baby today as she counts down to having her own baby , due on June 17 .
In line with plans announced yesterday to `` stay a bit closer to the hospital '' , Ardern opened a new $ 150,000 playground at Learning at the Point community kindergarten in Pt Chevalier , close to her new Mt Albert home .
She said she also hosted a `` community morning tea '' this morning , including the Plunket nurse who will help to look after her baby .
`` It 's one of the things I loved about the Pt Chevalier community [ where she and partner Clarke Gayford lived until April ] , and continue to love about Mt Albert , the community , here is so strong , '' she said .
Advertisement
`` It 's a wonderful place to live and it will be a wonderful place for us to raise our family . ''
She read the kindergarten children a book , Kimi and the Watermelon by Miriam Smith , which she remembered reading in her own childhood . It was published in 1983 , when Ardern turned 3 .
Jacinda Ardern reads `` Kimi and the Watermelon '' to children at Learning at the Point kindergarten . Photo / Doug Sherring
`` When I was your age I had an older sister and she went to kindy first . I was so jealous , '' she told the children .
`` She used to come home with little plaster cakes , do you still make those ? They were made out of cardboard and a little bit of spaghetti , and I loved those spaghetti cakes and I was so desperate to go to kindy .
`` So I think you are the luckiest tamariki , the luckiest children , to get to use this cool space . ''
Later she picked up baby Violet Crompton , who has just turned 1 and was there with her older sister Daisy , 3 , and her parents Kate and Dale Crompton .
`` She was just getting used to what it feels like to have a little person , '' Kate Crompton said .
Baby Violet kept smiling through all the attention and held out her hands to the Prime Minister .
`` She 's a very social little girl , '' her mum said . `` A prime minister in training . ''
The children presented Ardern with gifts for her baby including a baby suit labelled `` Pt Chev For Life '' , a cup and plate labelled `` Happy growing , from Learning at the Point Kindy '' , and what Ardern called `` mama tights '' .
`` I 'll be wearing those for a long time yet , they 're so comfortable , '' she said .
Delphi Vaughan , 4 , and other kindergarten children gave the Prime Minister a `` Pt Chev For Life '' baby suit . Photo / Doug Sherring
Head teacher Kristina Walkley gave her an enrolment form , warning her that the kindy had a long waiting list so she should get in early .
Ardern said Western Springs College also gave her an enrolment form when she visited yesterday , even though the baby wo n't be ready for college for about 13 years .
A Westpac bank worker says pressure on staff to sell products means loans are being given to people who ca n't service them .
The bank strongly rejects the claim and says it has strong credit systems in place to ensure this does n't happen and the focus for all its employees is to put customers needs first at all times .
Bank sales incentives have been under the spotlight since last year when a report was released in Australia called the Sedgwick report , which made 21 recommendations urging banks to change their focus from sales to service by 2020 .
New Zealand 's major banks , which are Australian-owned , promised they would review the report and look at implementing the changes .
Advertisement
But research , released by First Union which represents New Zealand bank workers last month , found pressure on staff to sell products to the public remained the same or higher than it was a year ago despite promised changes by their employers .
A survey of 600 bank worker members found 87 per cent of respondents feels pressure to sell financial products and 92 per cent felt the same or more pressure to sell financial products than they did a year ago .
A long-serving Westpac worker , who got in touch with the Herald after seeing a story on the research , said her bank had changed the wording from targeting sales to meeting `` needs '' in September last year but the pressure to sell products had not changed .
The woman , who does not wish to be named for fear of losing her job , said instead of sales , the staff had to meet three `` needs '' a day and staff were emailed weekly about their progress .
The woman said she had never sold a customer something they could not afford but others had .
`` I 've seen some dreadful loans that never should have been done . Loans where people go into arrears almost as soon as they get them . ''
`` And it 's driven by greed to get that incentive . ''
At the same time , the woman said the important functions that bank staff performed for customers were not acknowledged in any way if they did not result in a new product being sold .
`` I 'm talking about sorting out accounts in arrears , and complex lending restructures requested by customers .
`` These take literally hours , then we are asked why we have not sold them life insurance . ''
She said the bank was paying lip service to the Sedgwick Report by maintaining pressure on staff to sell products for which customers may not be able to sustain payments on such as expensive life insurance premiums .
`` Many trusting customers are sucked in , '' she said .
But a spokeswoman for Westpac said customer service representatives or tellers were not incentivised to sell customers products .
`` If a customer wishes to know more about a product they are referred to a customer banking consultant to discuss their requirements . ''
She said customer banking consultants were not required to sell specific products each day but to meet the needs of the customer which could include a customer 's request for a new savings account , mortgage , personal loan , or any other banking product they are interested in .
`` Sales make up only a fifth of their performance measures . ''
The spokeswoman said the bank strongly disagreed with the claim that its systems encouraged branch staff to lend irresponsibly .
`` Westpac branch staff are trained around their responsible lending obligations , and we have strong credit systems in place to ensure this does not occur . ''
She said that was supported by data which showed 1.86 per cent of personal lending and 0.49 per cent of mortgage lending was overdue by 30 days or more than of March 31 .
`` The focus for all employees is to put customer needs first at all times . ''
When it came to insurance the spokeswoman said affordability was taken into account when selling life insurance .
`` We do a full needs analysis for all retail life insurance customers and affordability is a consideration in that process .
`` Our Westpac Life insurance termination rates are below the industry average . The reality is customer circumstances can change and they may no longer require the insurance they have chosen to initially take out . ''
The spokeswoman said it was ahead of the timeline to have the Sedgwick recommendations fully implemented across its network by 2020 .
`` There is a very high level of commitment to ensuring action is taken on any gaps that may be identified .
`` We would encourage any staff who feel they are under pressure to sell to raise the issue with their manager . ''
New Irish Methodist President the Rev Dr Laurence Graham said his church must always reach out to the margins of society .
“ We must ever be a voice for marginalised people , here at home and around the world , ” said Dr Graham , at the annual conference of the Methodist Church in Ireland last night .
The Dublin-based minister , superintendent at the Central Mission there , said it was “ a joy ” to serve in “ a truly multi-ethnic ” church .
Dr Graham , who replaces the Rev Bill Mullally for a one-year term as president , urged his church and congregations to cross sectarian barriers .
He said one of the key decisions that they would make at this year 's Methodist conference is with regard to the proposed new connexional church structures in the Irish church .
“ The idea behind these proposals is that they would better facilitate and enable mission through our church .
“ However , in all of our talk about new structures and systems to manage for mission let us never forget that the structures for managing mission will not matter if there is no mission to manage . ”
Dr Graham recalled : “ In 1999 , 60 of us from Ireland went to be with the Methodist Church in Uganda . At that time , the church there had only recently begun and there were five congregations .
“ The Church in Uganda has lots of structural and organisational problems and very few resources , but the fact is that five congregations in 1999 is 41 congregations in 2017 .
“ And it 's not just new young churches where we see the same thing . A few months ago I had the pleasure of representing all of us at the bi-centenary of the Methodist Church of Haiti .
“ This is a church 200 years old that retains an absolute instinct for mission , whether or not resources are available , ” said Dr Graham , urging the church in Ireland to follow the example of others .
• The Methodist conference will continue until Saturday in Trinity Methodist Church , Lisburn .
The first season will premiere on Amazon Prime in August .
Tom Clancy 's Jack Ryan has been renewed for a second series ahead of the debut of the first episodes .
The action series , about a CIA agent played by John Krasinski , is based on the popular series of spy books .
Krasinski stars as the title character and in series two he will confront the forces in power in a dangerous , declining democratic regime in South America .
The second series will start production this summer in Europe , South America and the US , and Krasinski , who also serves as an executive producer , will be reunited with The Wire star Wendell Pierce , who will reprise his role as James Greer in the eight-episode second series .
Jennifer Salke , head of Amazon Studios , said : “ With so much early anticipation for Tom Clancy 's Jack Ryan from our customers and personally having the pleasure to preview the exhilarating , action-packed first season , we are excited to green light a second season of the series months ahead of its debut .
“ The new season will take our unexpected hero to a new , exciting and dangerous world . ”
Co-creator Carlton Cuse said : “ We 're thrilled that the first series has generated so much enthusiasm .
“ We could n't be happier to be working with Amazon and to be filming very near the Amazon to tell the next great Jack Ryan adventure . ”
Tom Clancy 's Jack Ryan will debut on Amazon Prime on August 31 .
© Press Association 2018
Green MP Marama Davidson has confirmed she will stand for the party 's female co-leader role .
She will compete for the role vacated by former MP Metiria Turei .
Davidson , No 2 on the party list , announced her candidacy today at the Otara Pool and Leisure Centre in South Auckland .
About 100 people attended the event to hear Davidson announce her bid .
Advertisement
Davidson said : `` New Zealanders want their government to reflect our values of compassion and care for the environment because progressive values , green values , are New Zealand values . ''
Nominations opened on Friday and will close next Friday for candidates in the party 's election of a female co-leader to join male co-leader James Shaw .
READ MORE :
• Davidson likely to become the new Green Party co-leader
The need for the election results from the resignation of co-leader Metiria Turei before last year 's parliamentary general election .
Davidson 's likely candidacy has been well telegraphed in advance , but party rules banned a formal announcement until nominations had opened .
Considered the front-runner to succeed Turei , Davidson is thought likely to face competition for the role from Conservation Minister Eugenie Sage and Minister for Women Julie Anne Genter .
Davidson 's Maori ancestry and location within the more-activist wing of the party are considered strengths that make her seem a natural heir to Turei .
These characteristics may make her attractive to party delegates , representing branches , as a counter-weight to the suiting-wearing Minister for Climate Change Shaw .
Delegates ' votes will be counted and the winner will be announced on April 8 .
LANSFORD — Somewhere Yogi Berra was smiling .
Valley West 's 10-12 Little League all-stars were down to their very last strike against Anthracite ace Stephen Hood in their District 18 tournament winners ' bracket final Tuesday evening , before VW 's Antonio Doganiero lined a game-tying solo home run in the bottom of the sixth inning .
With the teams still deadlocked at 1 in the eighth , Richie Rossi walked with two outs , moved up to second on Jonas Aponick 's bunt single , stole third and kept on running for home as the throw skipped into short left field , the difference in Valley West 's nail-biting 2-1 victory .
“ It 's a crazy game , '' said Valley West manager Russ Canzler , who 's seen many as a player and now as a coach . “ One break here or there could have changed how it ended . … I give our guys a lot of credit for not giving in until the very last strike . We had only one strike left , but we talk about those kinds of things … about never giving in or giving up . ''
Or by sticking to Berra 's famous mantra : “ the game 's not over ‘ til it 's over . ''
“ That 's baseball , '' Anthracite manager Josh Black said . “ That 's all you can say . You 've got ta move on to the next one . ''
Valley West 's “ next one '' will come Sunday at Whispering Willows Park in Conyngham , where the defending District 18 champion will face the winner of Friday 's Anthracite-Tamaqua clash . Friday 's winner then will have to beat Valley West twice to capture the crown and move on to sectional play ; while Valley West needs only one win to keep its title .
For the better part of Tuesday 's contest , it appeared Anthracite would be the team with the upper hand heading into the weekend .
Hood allowed three singles , struck out 12 and walked one before facing Doganiero in the sixth . Only one Valley West baserunner reached second until then , but Hood escaped that second-inning jam by cranking up the heat on his fastball and mixing in an occasional looping curveball . Hood also helped himself by fielding his position exceptionally well , including his making two bare-handed plays to retire Valley West batters .
Doganiero was nearly as stingy , giving up just three hits , fanning 10 and walking only one before he reached the 85-pitch limit in the top of the sixth . However , Hayden Goida rapped a one-out home run to straightaway center in the fourth for what appeared would be the game 's only run .
“ You could see how big and strong their team is , '' Canzler said , in tipping his cap to Tuesday 's opponent . “ You saw it in their approach at the plate and in the way Hood pitched , but Antonio Doganiero was incredible for us . He has been unbelievable for three games . I think he 's made only one mistake and that was the one ( Goida ) hit out of the park tonight . … It 's just crazy to see the level of resolve that both of these teams had . ''
Still trailing 1-0 , Valley West 's resolve was put to the ultimate test after Hood easily set down the first two batters in the bottom of the sixth . By then Hood knew Doganiero would be his last hitter regardless of what happened , as he also reached the pitch limit .
“ I told Antonio before his last at-bat , ‘ Look , you 've pitched your butt off . I do n't know what 's going to happen , but you deserve to have a good at-bat . … You were our hero through most of this game . Just carry yourself through this at-bat , '' ' Canzler recalled .
The count was 2-2 when the left-handed swinging Doganiero reached for Hood 's low , outside pitch and struck it solidly to center and just over the fence . Tie game !
“ I still ca n't believe it got out the way it was going , '' Canzler said . “ I thought it was going to hit the wall , but it must have cleared the ( fence ) by a couple inches . … We 'll take it . ''
Playing first base , Doganiero also speared a line drive off Trey McAndrew 's bat that he turned into an rally-ending double play in the top of the seventh .
After relievers Cody Orsulak of Anthracite and Luke Gennaro of Valley West breezed through the bottom of the seventh and top of the eighth , respectively , Valley West stirred with two outs in the home eighth .
Rossi worked a walk and Aponick beat out a bunt . After Doganiero fell behind Orsulak 0-2 , Canzler called for a double steal .
“ I saw that their third baseman was playing back on the grass with two strikes on Antonio , '' Canzler said . “ I thought here 's the time to take advantage of it and it kind of worked out how I saw it in my head . They did n't get back to the bag in time . ( Once the ball got past the bag ) , with Richie ( Rossi ) probably being the fastest player in the district , that 's a no-brainer to send him home . ''
Game over .
“ He caught us a little bit flat-footed there , '' Black said . “ It was a smart heads-up play on their part . We were n't paying attention and ( they ) took advantage of it . ''
Game Summary
Anth ( 3-1 ) 000 100 00 — 1 4 1
V. West ( 4-0 ) 000 001 01 — 2 4 0
Hood , Orsulak ( 6 ) and Orsulak , Goida ( 4 ) ; Doganiero , Gennaro ( 6 ) and Aponick . W — Gennaro . L — Orsulak .
HITS : Anthracite — Black , Orsulak , Goida , Kokinda . Valley West — Aponick , Doganiero , Mizenko , Dolan .
HR — Goida , Doganiero .
Losers ' Bracket
Tamaqua 9
Franklin Township 2
Tamaqua kept its championship hopes alive in the double-elimination tournament , rolling past Franklin Township Tuesday in the loser 's bracket semifinal .
Tamaqua ( 4-1 ) jumped out to a 4-0 first-inning lead as the first five batters all had hits . The locals increased that lead to 7-0 after two , and tacked on another in the third to make it 8-0 .
From there , Tamaqua eased into Friday 's loser 's bracket final against Anthracite ( 3-1 ) , which lost to Valley West 2-1 in Tuesday 's winner 's bracket final . The Tamaqua-Anthracite survivor would move on to the championship round against unbeaten Valley West ( 4-0 ) on Sunday .
Brian Hinkle dominated on the mound for Tamaqua , striking out the side in the first , and limiting Franklin Township to just one hit while fanning six through three innings . Wyatt Steigerwalt , Cian McLaughlin and Lucas Milot finished up , combining for three more strikeouts . The four pitchers teamed up on a five-hitter .
Chase Andrews and McLaughlin led Tamaqua 's 18-hit assault , each driving in three runs . Andrews tagged a single , double and solo home run , while McLaughlin doubled twice .
Zander Coleman collected four hits , including a double , and drove in a run for Tamaqua . Cooper Ansbach had three hits , including a double ; Hinkle doubled twice and drove in a run ; Lucas Kane doubled and singled ; and Mason Ligenza had two singles and an RBI .
Contact the writer : dseamon @ standardspeaker.com ; 570-501-3595 ; @ SeamonSaysSport on Twitter
ABOVE PHOTO : From the left are : Blessin Giraldo , Cori Grainger , Geri McIntyre ( Coach G ) , Alixiane Gedeon , SUN writer Kendall Alexander , and Tayla Solomon .
By Kendall Alexander
@ SteezieKBreezie
Dance is one of the art forms that is simply mesmerizing . When mastered , watching a dancer perform their trade , getting all the moves and contortions right in a seemingly effortless way is something to be admired and revered . This is no different for the young women of the Baltimore Leadership School for Young Women BLISS Step Team . These women were a part of the inaugural class to graduate from the school , and fortunate enough to have their tale of dance , determination , and strength told across the country through the documentary “ STEP , ” directed by Amanda Lipitz .
The documentary follows the lives of three high school seniors : Blessin Giraldo , Cori Grainger , and Tayla Solomon , and how they navigate the demands of classes , college prep , and personal adversity . The step team — founded by Blessin Giraldo while she was in the 6th grade — is their way to escape the issues going on at home or in school , and their outlet to leave it all on the floor . They enjoy the unwavering support of guidance counselor Paula Dofat , who works around the clock to make sure the young ladies get accepted into college and can pay for their education . Geri McIntyre , affectionately known as Coach G , is their step team coach who does n't expect any less than an exceptional work ethic from the young women .
We enter the story during a year in their lives that is one of the most stressful senior year . Between managing and maintaining grades , keeping a decent GPA , dating , family life , and applying to and paying for college , the stress can take a toll . When the power is out and there 's no food in the fridge , stress can take a toll . The BLISS Step Team is the ladies ' outlet . They do n't have to worry about those issues for the period of time they are spending preparing for the biggest step competition of the year — the one they 've never placed in , let alone won . They must come together and leave their differences behind to create a step that captures the audience and wins the hearts of the judges .
After viewing this emotional and inspiring documentary , I was granted the opportunity to speak to these women about the documentary and their lives . Blessin , Cori , Tayla , and Coach G joined me on the prepared stage of the Ritz East Theater to discuss the success of their film and how it has impacted their lives to date . After we talked , the discussion was open to the audience , full of excited girls eager to ask their new idols a question about their educational and life journeys .
Coach G spoke about being inspired to teach the young women to step and incorporating life lessons into the practice : “ Three months prior to me accepting the role as STEP coach , I sat down and prayed and said I really wan na change the dynamic of youth and young women in the world…there are so many influences that young women look up to that 's not real and I know the love and support I grew up with ” she said . “ I really truly felt if you do everything with love , likes on Instagram do not matter. ” After denying the position of step coach twice , Coach G realized that 's where she belonged . “ That 's where I 'm truly doing the work of God and that God has called me to do and I really thank God for putting me in their lives and they have truly taught me more than I have taught them , ” she said .
Self-esteem , sisterhood , and solidarity are three things that are pertinent to everything the young women learn in STEP , and this follows them throughout the course of thehe film . In the movie , we see a gradual change in the way all three young women approach adversity , handle conflict , and overcome personal hardships to become their best selves .
Blessin was a crowd favorite , as her outspoken personality and creativity shined throughout . “ Something that motivates me all the time is just remembering what I expect of myself , and that success is something that is defined by you , ” she said . “ I ca n't control my poverty or the family I was born into , but I can control what I wan na do with the rest of my life , and that is something that keeps me going . ”
Cori Grainger is a wonderful example of a young woman holding fast to her dreams and making them a reality . The oldest of seven siblings in a blended family , she must set the standard of excellence for her younger siblings , going to college is no exception of that . With her competitive and quiet nature , mixed with sheer discipline , the young lady handles power outages and past due bills in a masterful way , and finds herself in her dream institution . When asked how her siblings create success in their own lives , Cori said , “ My little brother tells me all the time now he wants to go to Johns Hopkins and he 's only in the second grade , so that 's definitely something that keeps me going , just setting the bar high . I went through a lot of struggles growing up , and I do n't want my family to stay in the position that we saw in the movie , we are doing a lot better , we actually just purchased our first home . Education was something extremely important and now I try to implement it with my younger siblings . They motivate me but I also motivate them . ”
Tayla Solomon 's story is not one of hardship , but still very relatable as she has an overprotective diehard mother who would travel through hell and high water to see her child succeed . Her mother is a corrections officer in Baltimore County and brings some of that discipline into raising Tayla as is seen in the film . When it comes to education , her mother is no joke , anything less than an A and she is not having it ! While her mother 's rambunctious personality may annoy and embarrass Tayla at times , she is her biggest cheerleader . After watching the film , Tayla realizes it allowed her to open up more . “ To be more supportive and encouraging to others and I realize that other people go through things , I normally seem like I only care about myself , but that 's not true , I care about everyone and what they 're going through and so not only do we [ the three of us ] talk , but the 19 of us on the team , we all talk about what 's going on with us so basically it 's just a big sisterhood , ” she said .
That sisterhood is reflected throughout the movie . We see a progression in the way the women interact with each other and manage conflict resolution , making them a force to be reckoned with up to the final performance and onto the graduation stage .
These young women 's tales of triumph are so inspiring for any young woman battling with the world around them , as there is always an artistic outlet to set yourself free . “ STEP ” is life for the women of the Bliss Step Team , and it takes them far beyond the competition arena . This movie will have audiences leaving the theater wanting to express their art to the world in hopes that it serves as a healing and guiding aid to their success , allowing them to become stronger and overcome the adversity around them . Be encouraged to take a young woman to see the documentary “ STEP. ” They will leave with a stronger sense of purpose , and a deeper “ go-getter ” mentality .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Cottonseed Protein Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included CCGB , Shandong Huaao , Sino-leader Biotech , Wei Heng Biology , Zibo Huawei .
The Cottonseed Protein Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Cottonseed Protein industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cottonseed-protein-market/10137/ # requestforsample
The Cottonseed Protein Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Cottonseed Protein Market Products Type Segmentation : Feed Grade , Others .
Cottonseed Protein Market Applications Segmentation : Livestock and Poultry Feed , Aquatic Feed , Others .
Key Highlights of the Cottonseed Protein Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cottonseed-protein-market/10137/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Cottonseed Protein market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
No place in the United States produces more Riesling than the Columbia Valley , and nowhere else in the world does a winery make more Riesling .
Welcome to Washington , the state of Riesling .
Thanks to the leadership of Chateau Ste . Michelle in Woodinville , the Evergreen State leads the nation in Riesling production , more than California , Oregon , New York and Michigan . And Washington 's oldest winery bottles more Riesling than any winery in the world — including Germany .
Here are several examples of…
In front of a cheering Filipino crowd inside the Nouhad Nawfal Sports Complex , Gilas Pilipinas capped of their preliminary round with a slim 80-74 win over Qatar . The victory officially completed the Filipinos ' sweep of group B .
Playing without big men June Mar Fajardo and Christian Standhardinger , who are nursing injuries , Gilas saw their wing guys step up .
Matthew Wright caught fire from deep and poured in 25 points on seven made triples . He also added four assists , a rebound and a steal . Carl Bryan Cruz also found his touch and knocked down three treys on his way to 13 points . Gabe Norwood chipped in with an all-around performance of 10 points , seven rebounds , five assists , and two blocks .
In the third quarter , Gilas saw their lead reach its high of 20 points . But Qatar kept knocking on their door . They went on an 8-0 blitz to trim the Filipinos ' lead to five , 73-68 , with 2:36 remaining in the game . But that 's when Wright teamed up with Terrence Romeo to buy some cushion and seal the win for the Philippines .
Despite getting their third consecutive win , Coach Chot Reyes told the boys that he was n't particularly happy with how the team played .
“ You all know that if we had played Korea or Japan tonight , we would have been heading home , ” he said in the post-game huddle . “ No way we 'll win like that . Seventeen turnovers . We shot less than 40 percent from the field . We could n't stop [ Mansour Elhadary ] . ”
The Qatari guard paced his team with 23 points while shooting an efficient 10-for-15 from the field . He also finished with six assists and three steals . Abdulrahman Saad helped out with a double-double of 18 points and 11 boards .
After the game , the Filipino fans hosted a dinner for Gilas Pilipinas . They celebrated with their heroes , bonding and taking selfies with their idols over the meal .
As they await the winner of the qualifying match between Korea and Japan , Gilas Pilipinas will take two days off . They will play again at 2 a.m. on Thursday ( Manila time ) in the knockout quarterfinals .
A NSW-based company , Housecheck NSW , is now providing building and pest inspection service across NSW , AU . The service provider is providing vital home inspection services like inspection of structural defects , unwanted pests , asbestos , deadly carbon monoxide checks , and much more . The organization hopes that via its services , it can help homeowners to keep their buildings/homes within the best circumstances possible .
“ House inspections are essential and really should be sought as frequently as is possible , ” says Matt Flood , the firm 's representative . “ We advise homeowners to find annual inspections just because a lot can occur within that point . After these inspections , our goal is always to ascertain the real condition of the property to ensure that our clients may have a professional opinion about this particular building . We 've several inspection packages that focus on different properties , customers , and situations . Whatever kind of building inspection you 'll need , we have your back . We are able to even tailor customized packages for the clients based on what their demands are . ”
Housecheck NSW claims that it is core goal would be to offer its clients reassurance . As Matt more explains , all too often they come across installments of homeowners who realize that their properties require massive repairs that may have easily been fixed had they been found earlier . Through their professional services , therefore , they could maintain their clients safe , in order to save them money , and also to offer them a genuine assessment of the assets .
The organization has a variety of packages it provides . The pre-purchase house inspection report is perfect for prospective house buyers . This package enables them to obtain the right details about a property before investing in buy it . The brand-new home gives over report is perfect for clients who 've just had new properties created . Through this statement , they become familiar with if the residence is well-built as reported by the building codes . Housecheck NSW also provides to create a consultancy to the public intending to build , demolish , buy , sell in order to renovate their houses . The firm also performs aerial drone inspections , asbestos fiber inspections , deadly carbon monoxide checks , and pest inspections .
Given that houses would be the most effective assets to many homeowners , house inspections are this kind of important procedure for anyone building or even buying , or perhaps maintaining one .
PR Source : www.prlog.org
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Social media is a daily way of life for many Americans .
Nearly half of Americans who use the internet say they use Facebook at least several times a day , making it easily the most popular social media site . And Facebook-owned Instagram comes in No . 2 .
So whether you 're reaching for your phone before getting out of bed in the morning , or logging on to procrastinate during work , chances are you see the little blue `` F '' icon more often than you take a shower .
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 12 percent of Americans who are online use Facebook `` almost constantly , '' while 34 percent use it several times a day . About 15 percent use it once a day , and only 12 percent of Americans do n't have a Facebook account at all .
Advertisement
More women than men check Facebook more than once a day — 57 percent of women compared to 36 percent of men , according to the poll . Younger people are on Facebook more than older people . About 62 percent of adults under 30 check the site several times a day or more , while only 30 percent of adults 60 or over do . About 54 percent of adults 30 to 44 check multiple times a day , as do 43 percent of adults aged 45 to 59 .
Jim Mazzarese , 73 , a retired airline manager from Ft. Lauderdale , Florida , is one senior who checks Facebook on his phone several times a day when he gets notifications . He has a bit of a love-hate relationship with the site .
`` It gets me crazy when I see opinions other than mine , it gets my blood pressure going up — but it 's a lot of fun , '' he said . He appreciates how Facebook has let him connect with people from when he was growing up `` 100 years ago . ''
What about the other social media sites ?
Seventeen percent of Americans say they check Instagram throughout the day , and 10 percent say that about Snapchat . For all of the attention that President Donald Trump gets for his tweets , only 7 percent of Americans say they use the micro-blogging site several times a day . Just 5 percent say they spend that much time on WhatsApp , and 4 percent say the same of Reddit .
Is it actually healthy to check in with Facebook so much ?
In a blog post in December , Facebook acknowledged that users should be mindful of the issue . A study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology the same month found University of Michigan students randomly assigned to read Facebook for 10 minutes were in a worse mood at the end of the day than students assigned to post or talk to friends on the platform .
Meanwhile , a study that Facebook research director David Ginsberg conducted with a Carnegie Mellon professor showed that sending or receiving direct messages or posts and comments on one 's timeline tends to boost psychological well-being .
Worldwide , Facebook has 1.4 billion daily active users out of 2.2 billion total , so most active Facebook users check in at least once a day .
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC 's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel , which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population . The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.0 percentage points .
___
Online :
AP-NORC Center : http : //www.apnorc.org/
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women in Northern Ireland – on average every year 1,333 are diagnosed and 310 lose their lives ,
To mark the importance of Breast Cancer Awareness Month , Northern Ireland will join the rest of the UK in holding dozens of events which will help raise vital funds for groundbreaking local research .
West Coast Cooler Belfast Fashion Week ( Credit : Brendan Gallagher )
The Outlet is supporting Banbridge Action Cancer Fundraising Group 's Paint the Town Pink charity event on Saturday October 14 , with a range of on-site activities including a raffle , face painting and appearances from family favourite superheroes Spider-Man and Batman .
The action packed day of fun boasts a programme of entertainment on site with all proceeds going to Action Cancer , which will include in-store offers , luxury hamper raffles , facepainting , a penalty shoot out plus music from Alice Millar and James Taffee .
Chris Glover , who works in the Marketing Department at The Outlet , explained , “ Pauline Tipping , the Retail Operations Manager , has done such an excellent job arranging this event , working with Action Cancer and Paint the Town Pink for the second year running .
“ Everything we are putting on is free and lasts all day , and loads of our stores are putting on extra discounts . Tickets for a chance to win one of our five luxury hampers ( which have a retail value of up to £500 ) cost £1 , with all of the sales going towards Action Cancer .
Photo from # WCCBFW launch . Director of West Coast Cooler Belfast Fashion Week , Cathy Martin , is a passionate supporter of breast cancer awareness and is hosting Style Sunday this October 29 in support of Action Cancer - where there will be catwalk looks and makeup tips from Illamasqua .
“ The Outlet wanted to get involved after Paint the Town Pink transformed the town into such a fantastic community event which sees everyone getting involved and showing such amazing support . We knew we had to help out and we ca n't wait to do it all again this year !
“ We have all known somebody - whether it is a relative or a friend - who has been affected by cancer . I myself lost my grandmother to cancer when I was 10 , and I think having such a large scale event promoting the awareness of it , just brings it home to everyone to get checked . The earlier you detect breast cancer the quicker you can get treatment and hopefully make that transition to getting better again .
“ Unfortunately my grandmother passed away because it was detected too late . That was sadly because as she was older , she simply was n't aware of the signs and did n't have the information to get checked . Putting on events like this and getting the awareness out there really helps put it to the forefront of people 's minds . ”
Anne Hume became a member of the local Banbridge Action Cancer Group in 1986 after her mother tragically lost her fight against breast cancer at the age of 52 in 1985 , “ The idea of Paint the Town Pink actually came to me in a ‘ light bulb ' moment four years ago .
“ I saw coverage of the Italian cycling race Giro d'Italia . It showed pictures of various items that had been painted pink for the race here in Northern Ireland and I thought instantly that we should , could decorate our town pink for breast cancer awareness month and call it Paint the Town Pink - and so the process began .
“ We wrote to every business in Banbridge and got them all onboard . We asked them to decorate their windows in pink and we had a Best Pink Window Display competition . We had musicians on the street , a pop up shop , and a Pink Walk followed by a coffee morning . In the first year we raised £14k in Banbridge in one weekend .
“ Action Cancer were so impressed with the event that they decided to roll it out across the province and introduce it to other towns .
“ Over the past three years Banbridge Action Cancer has raised a massive £74k through Paint the Town Pink alone . This year we would like to see that figure increased to £100k .
“ Anyone interested in getting involved in Paint the Town Pink should contact head office on 90803344 for further details . ”
Pretty ‘ n ' Pink , one of Northern Ireland 's leading breast cancer charities , will also be holding a series of events throughout October including the Annual Gala Ballon Saturday , October 14 in the Clayton Hotel , Belfast . Visit prettynpink.org for more information .
Meanwhile Cathy Martin , Director of West Coast Cooler Belfast Fashion Week , is also a big advocate of breast cancer awareness in Northern Ireland and on Sunday , October 29 from 2pm - 5pm is hosting a four course fashion luncheon including runway shows and makeup tips from Illamasqua in support of Action Cancer . Visit belfastfashionweek.com for the full schedule of shows .
Escalating demand in the usage of smartphones is anticipated to influence the growth of worldwide mobile mapping market during the forecast period 2017-2022 . To summarize these developments , Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) has appended a first-hand research publication to its extensive research database . The report indicates that the international mobile mapping market has been projected to reach about US $ 12 Bn in value towards the close of 2017 and the market is anticipated to expand at 13.7 % CAGR over the period of assessment from 2017 till 2022 ; reaching a market valuation of approximately US $ 24 Bn towards the close of 2022 . The report suggests that the worldwide market for mobile mapping will register healthy growth in the coming years .
Get Free Sample Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/sample/3900
Advance Technology Satellite Positioning to Fuel the Mobile Mapping Market
The major factors responsible for the development of the international mobile mapping market have been included in this study . The report also presents a complete synopsis of the key restraints and drivers impacting the market to help key stakeholders to formulate business strategies to enhance their growth in the global market . The report also gives a gist of the possibilities in the mobile mapping market globally . Key developments in the application segment of the mobile mapping market , which further leads to advancement of technologies in satellites positioning systems is referred to as the key driver for overall growth in revenue in the market . The increase in the use of mobile mapping technologies through smartphone is expected to fuel the growth of mobile mapping market during the assessed period . On the basis of primary and secondary data collected from the prominent industry sources , the report also offers industry standard methodical models to review the development of the market for mobile mapping during the period of study .
Global Mobile Mapping Market : Segmental Analysis
This study categorizes the global market for mobile mapping by solution and basis end-use industry . Basis solution , this report further bifurcates the worldwide mobile mapping market as location based services , 3D mapping , indoor mapping , as well as others . In the end use category , the market is divided into government , telecommunication and others . Based on region , the market for mobile mapping is further segmented into the Middle East & Africa , North America , Japan , Europe , & Asia Pacific excluding Japan . This report also highlights the past development aspects of segments in the market globally , which is further helpful for the reader to understand the present development scenario of various market segments during the period of assessment from 2017 to 2022 .
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https : //www.mrrse.com/mobile-mapping-market
Global Mobile Mapping Market : Key Players
This research publication presents a list of the key dominating players functioning in the mobile mapping market such as Leica Geosystems Inc. , Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson , Microsoft Corporation , Google Inc. , Garmin International , Apple Inc. , Qualcomm Inc. , OSI Geospatial Inc. , Mitsubishi Electric Corporation , and Tomtom NV . The report also gives brief synopsis of the current market strategies of these key players that will uplift the growth of mobile mapping market in the coming years .
Enquire About this Report @ https : //www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3900
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports . MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice . Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title , geographical region , publisher , or other keywords .
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research . MRRSE 's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research , be it competitive intelligence , product or service trends or strategic consulting .
Contact
State Tower
90 , State Street
Suite 700
Albany , NY – 12207
United States
Telephone : +1-518-730-0559
Email : sales @ mrrse.com
Website : https : //www.mrrse.com/
The US $ 3.2 Bn sourdough market will continue to be positively influenced by increasing application in bread production . Of the US $ 3.2 Bn worth of sourdough sold in 2016 , demand from the bread segment totalled US $ 2.36 Bn . This segment is projected to increase at a CAGR of 7.1 % through 2026 . The dominance of the bread segment can be gauged from the fact that other key application segments – pizza , buns , cakes , cookies , and waffles & pancakes – collectively accounted for nearly 27 % revenue share .
Western Europe continues to the largest market for sourdough , accounting for nearly 38 % share of total revenues in 2016 . Adoption of sourdough in Western Europe food manufacturing units continues to remain strong . Future Market Insights estimates the Western Europe sourdough market to increase at a CAGR of 7.1 % through 2026 . In terms of revenues , the market is projected to grow 2X from its 2016 market valuation of US $ 1.21 Bn . In terms of volume , over 552 thousand tonnes of sourdough was sold in 2016 ; FMI estimates it to reach over 975 thousand tonnes in 2026 .
Request for Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1900
Opportunities in the Global Sourdough Market
Increasing demand for clean-label products has presented a lucrative opportunity for businesses
Use of sourdough is also gaining traction owing to its application in preparation of foods that require fermentation
Key Supply-side and Demand-side Drivers
According to Future Market Insights ' report , demand for sourdough is increasing on account of its beneficial functional properties . Its property of enhancing flavour and texture is a key factor for its applications in the F & B sector , especially bakery sector
Increase in the number of artisan bakeries is positively influencing the demand for sourdough . Particularly high demand for type 1 sourdough – made using only wild yeasts – is being witnessed in artisan bakeries
Availability of sourdough products on e-commerce stores is also contributing to increasing sales
Growing demand for sourdough from the fast food and bakery sector is creating sizeable growth opportunities for manufacturers
High cost of sourdough products is a major impediment to their widespread adoption in developing countries .
Request for Table of Contents @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1900
Key Trends Expected to Shape Global Sourdough Market
Dehydrated sourdough ( Type III ) is gaining traction in the bakery industry . Freeze-drying remains the preferred dehydration technique for manufacturers .
Manufacturers are using devitalised sourdough for enhancing the aroma of products . Devitalised sourdough does not contain live organisms , enhancing its use as an aromatic agent
Consumer demand for healthy food products has resulted into the launch of chocolate sourdough loaves . Further , Future Market Insights identified increasing use of type I sourdough .
Sourdough Market Forecast and Analysis by Starter Culture
Type III starter culture currently accounts for nearly half of the revenue share of the global sourdough market . Over 773 thousand tonnes of sourdough was sold in 2016 ; by the end of the forecast period , Future Market Insights estimates global volumes to surpass 1.3 million tonnes .
Key companies profiled by Future Market Insights in its report include Puratos NV , Ernst Böcker GmbH & Co. KG , IREKS GmbH , Kampffmeyer Mühlen GmbH , Philibert Saveurs , Lesaffre , Dilbeek , Minden , Kulmbach , Hamburg , Pont-de-Veyle , and Marcq-en-Barœul .
Future Market Insights maintains a positive outlook on the global sourdough market , projecting it to grow by 6.8 % CAGR through 2026 in terms of value . In terms of volume , demand is projected to grow at 5.5 % CAGR .
Report Overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sourdough-market
The death of 21-year-old Askia Khafra inside a Bethesda , Maryland home last year was tragic and bizarre .
Hired to help dig a network of secret tunnels leading from the basement , Khafra burned to death when a fire broke out .
Now , according to authorities , his death amounts to something else as well : an act of `` depraved-heart '' murder , committed by the man who supervised him .
Daniel Beckwitt , 27 , who lived at the home , created conditions that posed a huge risk to Khafra , authorities said in court papers , acting in what the law defines as `` extreme disregard '' of the young man 's life .
Advertisement
One step below premeditated , first-degree murder , depraved-heart murder is punishable by up to 30 years in prison .
Beckwitt is expected to make his first appearance as soon as this week in a Montgomery County , Maryland courtroom . He was arrested at the weekend in Fairfax County , Virginia , and has been held there .
New details in the case are spelled out in an affidavit that Montgomery detectives filed to secure charges against Beckwitt .
The document describes the extent of the tunnel complex , which was at least 6m deep and approximately 60m in length . Still a mystery is why Beckwitt wanted the tunnels and how he intended to use them .
But the affidavit describes efforts Beckwitt took to keep his project secret .
He allegedly took a rental car to pick up Khafra at his home in Silver Spring , Maryland , drove him to Manassas , Virginia , had him place `` darkened , blackout glasses '' on his face that kept him from seeing and told him he was taking him to a job site in Virginia .
Instead , according to detectives , Beckwitt drove Khafra to his home in Bethesda , led him to the basement and only then allowed him to remove the blackout glasses .
Lawyers who represent Beckwitt in a lawsuit about the tunnels , filed by Montgomery County , could not be reached for comment . It was not clear whether he has yet retained a lawyer in the criminal case .
Police also charged Beckwitt with a lesser crime , involuntary manslaughter , which carries a sentence of 10 years , court records state .
According to the affidavit in the criminal case , Montgomery firefighters and police officers went to the Bethesda home on September 10 for a call about a house fire . They found fire in the basement and Beckwitt outside the home . He told them that someone was in the basement .
It was there , according to the affidavit , that investigators found Khafra 's body .
Breaking-Police have arrested Daniel Beckwitt and charged him with the murder of Askia Khafra who was found dead inside a home on Danbury road in Bethesda filled with tunnels . pic.twitter.com/4XFuRyv7J1 — Paul Wagner ( @ Fox5Wagner ) May 26 , 2018
`` Fire investigators discovered a hole in the concrete basement floor , which led to an underground tunnel complex underneath the basement , '' Montgomery detective Michele Smith wrote in the affidavit , signed on May . 25 . `` The entrance shaft dropped down approximately 20 feet , where the tunnels branched out approximately 200 feet in length . ''
Detectives spoke to Beckwitt , who told them about renting a car , picking up Khafra in Silver Spring and taking him back to Bethesda via the circuitous route through Virginia .
According to the affidavit , detectives built much of their depraved-heart-murder case based on two significant conditions in the house . The first involved `` hoarding '' conditions that would have made it difficult for anyone to escape quickly .
Smith wrote that investigators found `` immense piles of garbage and discarded items strewn throughout the entire home . ''
She said there were `` narrow , maze-like pathways throughout , which significantly prevented normal ease of movement within the home . ''
Authorities also alleged that the tunnel complex required `` substantial electrical needs '' that `` were served by a haphazard , daisy-chain of extension cords and plug extenders that created a substantial risk of fire . ''
14 August , Kathmandu : The embassy of Pakistan here organised a flag-hoisting ceremony on Monday , marking the 70th Independence Day of Pakistan .
Ambassador of Pakistan to Nepal , Mazhar Javed unfurled the Pakistan 's national flag and said that his country was marching forward on the path to economic development while fighting terrorism .
Expressing the confidence that the Nepal-Pakistan friendly relations would be further broadened in the days to come , he noted Pakistan 's deep sorrow over the loss of life and property due to landslides and floods in various parts of Nepal .
The messages of the best wishes sent by Pakistan 's President Mamnoon Hussain and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi were read out on the occasion . In their messages , the Pakistan president and prime minister have stated that Pakistan would work for achieving prosperity for the country by expanding positive and constructive relations with neighbouring countries , combating terrorism and strengthening the democratic practices .
Senior officials at the Embassy , and Pakistani nationals involved in various professions and living in Kathmandu were present in the programme . RSS
BRUSSELS ( AP ) — The European Union 's top five economies are warning the United States that its massive tax overhaul could violate some of its international obligations and risks having `` a major distortive impact '' on trade .
In a letter to U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin , the finance ministers of Germany , France , Britain , Italy and Spain wrote they had `` significant concerns '' about three tax initiatives in particular .
In the letter , seen by The Associated Press , the five wrote that `` it is important that the U.S. government 's rights over domestic tax policy be exercised in a way that adheres with international obligations to which it has signed-up . ''
EU nations have been warily eyeing President Trump 's domestic tax proposals as they made their way through congress and have long expressed fears they might hurt world trade and EU companies in particular .
Advertisement
`` The inclusion of certain less conventional international tax provisions could contravene the U.S. 's double taxation treaties and may risk having a major distortive impact on international trade , '' the five wrote .
They specifically targeted the so-called Base Erosion and Anti-abuse Tax ( or BEAT ) Senate bill . This measure aims to combat what is called base erosion and profit shifting , the practice by some multinationals to avoid tax by exploiting mismatches in countries ' tax rules to artificially report their profits in countries with low or no taxes .
The finance ministers lauded the measure 's aim to ensure companies pay their fair share in taxes to the U.S . But they said that under the current plans , the measures would also hurt genuine commercial deals . In the financial sector in particular , `` the provision appears to have the potential of being extremely harmful for international banking and insurance business . ''
They said it `` may lead to significant tax charges and may harmfully distort international financial markets . ''
The EU 's 28 finance ministers had already expressed concern about the U.S. plans during a meeting last week , but now its five biggest economies have gone ahead with their own warning .
In Washington , Republicans are upbeat about finalizing the tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump 's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office .
Trump has set a Christmas deadline for signing the bill into law , giving lawmakers named to a special conference committee two weeks to iron out major differences in the House and Senate versions of the legislation . The conference committee has scheduled its first formal meeting for Wednesday .
Both measures would cut taxes by about $ 1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $ 20 trillion deficit , combining steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals . Together , the changes would amount to the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in 30 years , touching every corner of society .
HANDOVER : Sergeant Mark Carter accepts a cheque for the Bundaberg PCYC from sponsor Darin Mieonnet from Harvey Norman and The Bundy Guardian 's Hayley Nissen .
IT 'S hard to believe but according to one industry insider , Hollywood heavyweight Brad Pitt suffers from a little condition called body odour .
And Tay Tay , well if you 're not with her , you 're against her .
As for heart-throb Johnny Depp , he 's fond of a practical joke , while Mariah Carey is a little nuts .
But the darling of tinsel town award goes to the sometimes-goofy , always entertaining Sandra Bullock - at least that 's according to Hollywood gossip queen Richard Reid , who dished the dirt on celebrities at a dinner at The Waves Friday night .
Guest 's elbows were perched on tables and necks craned forward as Reid spilled the beans at The Bundy Club 's first event for the new year .
Reid spoke about how he got his start in the entertainment business , his work with Entertainment Tonight and Access Hollywood , through to his stint with The Today Show in Australia .
He even let slip about industry stalwart Richard `` Dickie ” Wilkins being like a father figure to him - although this may have been a little tongue-in-cheek .
Celebrity gossip aside , the night was for a good cause .
Sponsored by Harvey Norman , the chosen beneficiary was the Bundaberg PCYC , with Sergeant Mark Carter on hand to accept the cheque .
Sgt Carter took to the stage to accept the $ 4240 donation and said the money would go towards helping at-risk youths find a trouble-free future .
The community organisation offers a range of programs to help Bundaberg youth and Sgt Carter recounted one story about a youth with a steely determination on a recent trek from Noosa to Rainbow Beach .
He said the group had embarked on their walk and were laden with packs but rather than offload her pack to a waiting vehicle , this one youth kept going to prove to herself that she could overcome anything .
The next speaker is Kerri-Anne Kennerley .
The provincial government of Misamis Oriental on Monday ordered a total ban on the entry of all shipments of poultry products from Luzon in response to reports of an outbreak of avian influenza or bird flu in Pampanga .
Similarly , in Bataan and La Union an inter-agency task force was formed and quarantine checkpoints have been set up to thoroughly inspect chicken products entering the provinces to ensure they do not carry the deadly avian influenza virus ( mutant H5 ) .
Misamis Oriental veterinarian Benjamin Resma said strict quarantine has been issued to all ports of entries in the province to make sure that no smuggled chickens , quails , and other poultry products from entering the province .
Resma said that the ban includes chicken meat , eggs and all others of the avian family , including pet birds of all kinds , whether alive or meat products .
The ban was enforced after the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health in Northern Mindanao raised the alarm on the possible entry of the contaminated products in the region .
“ All poultry products in Mindanao remain safe and its transport outside the island is allowed . It is only the entry of the poultry products that we are concerned about and strictly enforcing the ban , ” Resma added .
The avian influenza , which was reported in San Luis , Pampanga could cause illness and deaths to animals and humans .
Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol , however , said that it is still safe “ to eat poultry and poultry products as only a small fraction of the country 's supply was affected . ”
He added that a ban on the shipment of poultry products from Luzon to other parts of the country has to be imposed as a precautionary measure .
Inter-agency task force
In Bataan , provincial veterinarian Alberto Venturina mobilized the provincial Avian Influenza Inter-agency Task Force after the reported outbreak of mutant H5 in Pampanga , composed of poultry and game fowl breeders , non-governmental organizations and municipal agriculturists .
Venturina also told 21 members of his staff to get samples for laboratory test to determine the cause of death of chickens that may be found dead in any farm .
The outbreak of bird flu has greatly affected the sale of chicken meat and eggs in Bataan on the third day on Monday as chicken meat stalls at the Balanga City public market were almost empty of buyers .
Chicken vendor Evelyn Avocado said that from P160 per kilo of dressed chicken , the price is now down to P130 but still fewer buyers .
Fe Dacayan , another chicken meat seller , said even restaurants in Balanga City they used to supply have greatly cut their orders . “ From 100 percent , they now order only about 10 percent of chicken , ” she added .
An egg dealer also noticed a 50 percent drop in sale of eggs .
Safe
Meanwhile , San Fernando City Veterinarian Flosie Decena in La Union said that chicken stock in this city and the rest of the province is safe from avian flu as they have banned chicken coming from Pampanga .
Decena said in a radio interview that most chickens sold in city wet market come from the neighboring Pangasinan and from commercial poultry farms , one from the village of Siboan-Otong .
“ There is also enough chicken supply in La Union at present , so we need not worry . We need to monitor the prizes so that we can report it to the DA [ Department of Agricultyre ] , ” she said .
He also appealed to La Union residents to cook chicken meat well to prevent any illnesses related to the virus .
with ERNIE ESCONDE AND WILLIAM JUN GARCIA
The character actor died in September last year at the age of 91 .
Harry Dean Stanton 's film Lucky – one of his last roles – will finally be released this year .
Stanton plays a cantankerous , self-reliant 90-year-old atheist in the poignant movie , which arrives in cinemas in the UK and Ireland from September 14 , a year after his death .
The Hollywood star , often described as a “ cult actor ” , died at the age of 91 on September 15 2017 .
The critically-acclaimed film is the directorial debut of actor and film-maker John Carroll Lynch , and sees Stanton 's character Lucky go on a journey of self-exploration as he grapples with the idea of his own mortality .
It was first released in the US in September last year , and received rave reviews and won Stanton a handful of industry awards , including the Gijon International Film Festival the best actor prize .
As well as Lucky , Stanton also appears posthumously in the film Frank And Ava , in a smaller role .
During his career , Stanton appeared in around 200 films and television shows , with his most memorable credits including Repo Man ; Alien ; Paris , Texas , which featured Nastassja Kinski as his wife ; and the TV show Big Love .
Lucky also stars Ed Begley Jr , Twin Peaks director John Lynch , Ron Livingston and Tom Skerritt .
The film will be released in cinemas nationwide and On Demand on September 14 .
© Press Association 2018
Karlov , a veteran diplomat who at one point served as the director of the Russian Foreign Ministry 's Department of Consular Affairs ( which provides passport and visa services ) , was killed during a scheduled speech at an art exhibition celebrating Turkish-Russian friendship . He was shot in the back by Mevlüt Mert Altıntaş , a Turkish police officer who yelled “ Allahu Akbar ” and “ Do not forget Aleppo , do not forget Syria ” before being gunned down himself by Turkish security forces .
Footage and photos of Altintas standing over Karlov 's body , shouting and brandishing his pistol , widely circulated online . One picture , taken by Hasam Kilic , seems to have found its way into an unexpected place : a crime scene being investigated by Batman in a video game .
In the game , Batman is investigating a break-in at Gotham Brokerage , where robbers killed security guards and stole valuables from the bank 's vault . The security guard in question is none other than Karlov , whose body was cropped from Kilic 's picture and placed on the bank 's floor .
Sputnik reached out for a comment from Telltale Games , but the studio has not responded or issued any public statements on the controversy .
SO TELLTALE BATMAN JUST USED THE IMAGE OF THAT MURDERED RUSSIAN DIPLOMAT IN THEIR GAME AND THOAUAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAAＡＡＨＡＡＡＨＡＡＡＨＡＨＡＨＡＨＡＨＡＨＡＨＡＨＡＡ pic.twitter.com/QqhjyFQfP1 — Bro Team Pill ( @ BroTeamPill ) October 5 , 2017
​ ” Batman : The Enemy Within ” is the sequel to 2016 's “ Batman : The Telltale Series. ” Uniquely among major publishers , Telltale releases most of their games in four to five episodic installments , with the player 's decisions influencing events in future episodes . The episode in question , “ The Pact , ” is episode two of the new game and was released on October 3 .
Telltale was founded in 2004 , but their story-driven games mostly flew under the radar until 2012 's “ The Walking Dead Season One , ” based on the comic book series of the same name , received tremendous critical praise and sold over 28 million copies over five episodes . At the time , it was rare for Western video games to focus on character and story over gameplay , and “ The Walking Dead ” received a great deal of praise in this regard , winning numerous Game of the Year awards .
Telltale followed that up with three other critical and financial successes in 2013 and 2014 : “ The Wolf Among Us ” ( based on the comic series Fables ) , “ The Walking Dead : Season Two ” and “ Tales from the Borderlands ” ( based on the video game series by developer Gearbox ) .
However , more recent Telltale Games have been less successful with both critics and consumers . 2014 's “ Game of Thrones ” ( based on the HBO TV series , ) 2016 's “ Batman : The Telltale Series ” and 2017 's “ Guardians of the Galaxy : The Telltale Series ” ( based on the Marvel Comics series ) did not sell as well and were given lukewarm reviews .
© MKIceandFIre
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – United States
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Want to try the trend ? Katie Wright asked a hair expert everything you need to know .
Selena Gomez is – without doubt – a fashion and beauty icon . As the most followed person on Instagram ( 136 million followers and counting ) , the singer 's every hair , make-up and fashion choice is pored over endlessly , but she was n't famous for being edgy – until now .
Yesterday , the 25-year-old unveiled a punky new haircut ; her long brunette locks pulled up into a high plaited ponytail to reveal a shaved section at the nape of her neck .
‘ Always need a subtle change ' the American star wrote alongside the photo , which has already racked up nearly 4.5 million likes .
Celebrity hairstylist Marissa Marino shared the same photo , writing ‘ My girl # selenagomez at it again…she loves to keep me on my toes ! Thanks @ timduenashair for making her undercut dreams come true ! '
Marino also tagged the picture # newtrendalert , anticipating that the star 's fans will want to get in on the undercut action too – and when it looks this good , why would n't they ?
“ I think Selena 's undercut looks really cool , especially the way they 've styled the hair tight and sleek in the high-plaited ponytail , ” says hairstylist Tom Connell from Trevor Sorbie . “ The angle of the jaw and cheekbone follows on to the angle of the ponytail and the angle of the undercut , so it works seamlessly . I think she describes it as ‘ subtle ' ironically , and is playing it down and being cool . ”
But before you grab the clippers or head to the salon , there are a few things to think about , like your hair type and whether you 're prepared for the upkeep of an undercut .
Here 's Connell 's advice if you 're thinking about going for the chop…
Undercuts were traditionally done to take the weight out of thick hair – does that mean people with fine hair should n't have one ?
“ It does n't necessarily mean that , and yes , people with fine hair can have an undercut – it all depends on how you cut it and how the hair is going to fall . It needs to be the right amount of hair with the right weight distribution . My recommendation would be to go to a very experienced hairdresser to ensure it 's cut properly . ”
What do you need to consider before getting an undercut ?
“ It 's mainly the day-to-day and why you 're getting an undercut you should consider , so how you 'll be wearing your hair , as this then affects the angle of the undercut .
“ Sometimes , if people do get one to remove weight , the undercut will be cut where the bulkiest part of the hair is . So this may not be in the same place as Selena 's . For example , if you have a bob cut and have a lot of thickness behind the ears , you 'd maybe consider and undercut behind the ears .
“ Is it an aesthetic thing or is it practical ? These are the questions you need to ask and speak to your hairdresser about . ”
Is an undercut tricky in terms of maintenance – how often will it need to be trimmed to maintain the look ?
“ It is , yes , you 'll need to get it trimmed often to keep it neat and sharp , or it can start to look scruffy . This will depend on your hair type , but it may be similar to going in for a fringe trim in between hair appointments – you may need to go in and get your undercut trimmed . ”
What happens when you want to grow out an undercut , is an awkward in-between phase inevitable ?
“ When you have an undercut , you 're cutting the hair all the same length . So , when it grows back , it will grow at the same rate and you 'll end up with a weighty , thick block of hair . You will need your hairdresser to regularly trim the undercut , to take out the weight , so the hair grows down and not out . ”
© Press Association 2018
`` I do n't think any branch of government should be exempt from transparency when it comes to taxpayer dollars , '' Rue said .
The bill requires the governor to submit monthly spending reports and an annual audit of the fund to be made . It also stipulates that the money ca n't be used as a supplement to the governor 's salary , and calls for unspent money to return to the General Fund .
`` We are not being so prescriptive as to tell a governor how to spend it , '' Rue said . `` That 's important to note . This is just saying to show us , tell us how you did spend it . So we can look at it ( and ) review it . ''
A similar bill passed the Senate in 2017 , but fizzled out in the House . If SB52 passes this time around , it would go into effect next January – just in time for the state 's next governor to take office .
With the Ashes in full swing , it gives us an opportunity to relive the legendary 1986-1987 tour/massive booze-up in this great retrospective by Simon Briggs . Here are some other tales of Ashes skulduggery , tomfoolery and malarkey .
Disrespecting the wig
David Warner , who punched Joe Root in a Birmingham Walkabout , told the Sydney Morning Herald it was the cherubic Yorkshireman 's purloining of a pal 's syrup that set him off .
A mate of mine was actually wearing [ the wig ] on top of his head like a Malinga wig , that 's what it was . He was wearing it on his head and ( Root ) decided to come in and take it off my mate 's head and start acting the way he did .
Advertisement
David Warner . Photo / Getty
When people are drunk that 's what they do but I thought it was a bit inappropriate the way he went about that stuff so I went over and tried to take it off him . I just think in today 's society you should n't be fooling around with that kind of stuff .
The SMH claimed : `` What triggered his lunge at Root was the young Yorkshireman 's positioning of a green-and-gold wig on his chin , which Warner interpreted as mocking the South African batsman Hashim Amla . '' Sure . Obviously he did .
Conclusion : David is , in fact , a hero .
Joe Root . Photo / Getty
Read more :
Warner was at it again recently
As soon as you step on that line it 's war . I try and look in the opposition 's eyes and work out : 'How can I dislike this player ? How can I get on top of him ? ' You have to dig deep into yourself to actually get some hatred about them to actually get up when you 're out there .
Not the first sportsman to confuse hitting a ball around with actually killing people in combat , and sadly , he probably wo n't be the last . No wigs involved this time , as far as we can tell , though .
Conduct Unbecoming
Warner does his best , but in terms of Ashes feuds , you can do no better , or worse , than the Ian Botham v Ian Chappell saga .
Sir Ian and Not Sir Ian have had a deeply held dislike of each other for decades .
The scene : A Melbourne bar in 1977
Sir Ian Botham 's version : `` I gave him three official warnings , all of which he ignored , so the next time he started , I just flattened him . He went flying over a table and crash-landed on a group of Aussie Rules footballers , spilling their drinks in the process . ''
Ian Chappell 's version , as told in his 2007 autobiography and reported in The Telegraph at the time .
The Australian , 64 , countered what he called a `` fairytale '' and said that `` someone is going to regret awarding him a `` knighthood '' .
But Chappell claimed Botham held an empty glass to his throat and said `` I 'll cut you from ear to ear '' .
Chappell said he told Botham that such an attack would prove he was a coward , prompting the Englishman to shove him in the chest , pushing him over in his chair .
He said his rival then suggested they settle the matter outside but the Australian replied that he did n't fight and Botham was not worth ending up in a hospital or jail cell over .
David Lloyd took up the tale in his 2013 book 'The Ashes According to Bumble ' :
'Botham and Chappell are often in the same vicinity but for the good of world peace do everything they can to avoid each other . But on this occasion , with the Sky and Channel Nine media transport parked next to each other , a meeting became inevitable .
'As Beefy passes Chappell , the former Australian captain mutters , `` * * * * '' . Botham does n't break stride but replies , `` Oh , * * * * * * * , you * * * * '' . Botham then threw his bag inside the bus and turning round , called it on with Chappell , declaring : `` Right that 's it , once and for all . Come on '' .
'It took Big Ron , C9 's floor manager , to step across and plead , `` Come on fellas , ease off now . We ca n't have this '' . The threat of a bare-knuckle dust up was avoided , but the obscenities continued as we drove off .
'Beefy was absolutely steaming : `` Just * * * * * * * wait till I get him on my own in a lift '' . It took him two days to come down from the height of his anger . '
Read more : Cricket : West Indies coach optimistic of seeing some spirit
Can you believe it ?
One of The Ashes ' most beloved stories/myths : that David Boon drunk 52 cans of beer on the flight to England . Carl Rackermann told the Courier Mail :
Sir Ian Botham . Photo / Getty
Read more :
David Boon decided he 'd take on the record for most cans of Victoria Bitter for the flight to England and there were about six of us who lined up as his pacemakers on a roster system to keep him going .
Boonie ended up sinking 52 cans . As we were coming into London the pilot gave his normal `` welcome to Heathrow '' announcement and then he says `` Good luck to the Australian cricket team who are already off to a good start and congratulations to David Boon for breaking the Australia to England beer drinking record . ''
The Original Hated Pom
Step forward , Douglas Jardine , creator not only of Bodyline but of the Aussie image of the English cricketer : aloof , cold , sneering , devious .
Stories of Jardine 's popularity in Australia are legendary , notably the heckle from Stephen Harold Gascoigne ( aka Yabba ) the Sydney Cricket Ground superfan . On seeing Jardine swat at a fly , he shouted : `` Leave our flies alone , Jardine . They 're the only friends you 've got here . ''
Wedding day could be the most auspicious and vital day of one 's life and its gorgeous snapshots are just about the most important items within the most precious treasure box of memories . Weddings are an altogether collection of your unique ceremonies and capturing its each and every single flavor is really a complex job which requires proper mechanism and precision . Get extra information about Wedding photos
Professional wedding photography solutions came into the picture with the drastic growth in demand for capturing the wedding snapshots inside a ideal way . This arena of photography will depend on specific critical factors like the photography devices , artistic method as well as the relevant knowledge to capture graceful and attractive wedding moments . Hiring an expert wedding photographer enables one particular to get additional extraordinary photographs thereby raising the charm from the memories .
Style
One of the essential components which one ought to seek for is definitely an efficacious sense of style . By hiring a competent wedding photography experienced whose style matches up to the particular requirements and preferences enables the wedding couple to acquire the ideal appear . 1 can do a brief study about the distinctive types of wedding photography and thereby hire a wedding photographer who is effectively skilled in that certain type .
Accustomed with High-End Devices
Specialist wedding photographers are familiar with the sophisticated camera as well as other sophisticated devices which capture of the images within a precise way . In addition , they use certain backup equipments also to prevent the failures and uncertainties throughout the occasion . Ranging in the camera stand to battery chargers to other needed tools they love suitable access to quite a few added accessories , lenses and lights which may well require at the time of capturing photos .
Typical Operates and Flow of Time
With relevant knowledge , the authorities can cope with each of the noted possibilities of your wedding day and in comparison to the other non-professional photographers , they could deal with any type of situation and provide normal function . In addition , these keen pros are efficient in producing ideal use of timing and flow for image capturing . They capture beautiful pictures within a systematic way which can feature many human feelings with spontaneity and laughter .
Reliability and Communication
1 should hire an expert wedding photographer who can communicate nicely using the entire bridal ceremony members . Normally , they may be in a position to capture the real emotions on the members with the wedding party by interacting with them within a relaxing and compassionate way .
Skilled wedding photographers offer photography solutions with a perfect blend of quality and creativity . The key advantage of capturing the most treasured photographs of wedding ceremony by a professional wedding photographer is the fact that they will make the folks look inside a all-natural and elegant way thereby raising the overall charm and beauty of them .
Ulster defeated Connacht 16-8 at Kingspan Stadium on Friday night in the first of this season 's Guinness PRO14 Irish derbies .
But Ulster were far from their best in the first half and actually trailed Connacht 5-3 at the break .
Director of rugby , Les Kiss , outlines the key points around the half time discussions which eventually led to a victory .
Due to a recently published exploit for Nvidia 's Tegra X1 , developers and hardware hackers at ReSwitched and Fail0verflow have been able to demonstrate arbitrary code execution on the Nintendo Switch . The Fusée Gelée ( or rather Frozen Rocket ) coldboot vulnerability allows for nearly full reign over the device by inserting data into the protected application stack .
The issue stems from a problem with how the Tegra X1 handles USB recovery mode . By shorting a pin on the Joy-Con connnector , a payload is able to be delivered during a check made to the USB , forcing up to 65,535 bytes to be copied . This in turn causes a direct memory access buffer overflow in the bootROM , allowing for arbitrary code execution to occur in the application stack .
Since the problem lies in the read-only bootROM of the Tegra , software updates can not be pushed out to remedy the problem . It is possible for Nvidia to revise future software versions and ship patched chips from this point forward .
The ReSwitched team has reported that Nvidia was made aware of the vulnerabilities as well as Nintendo in advance before releasing any information . It was also brought to light that many devices beyond Switch consoles are affected by the bugs found . Nvidia 's Shield set-top box also utilizes the same Tegra X1 chip .
Following the release of the exploit chain , it will be possible for pirates and hackers to run modified and emulated games on the Switch . It is now only a matter of time before developers rush to crack DRM on games . Even though Nintendo can not fix the root of the issue , it is possible to detect that a Switch has been modified so that players can be blocked from accessing online game play .
If anyone is curious to try tinkering for themselves , it is highly inadvisable without extreme caution given that voltages on the Switch are software controlled . A failed boot attempt could brick the device or damage a number of components .
A religious congregation which has failed to date to provide its share of funds to a redress scheme for institutional abuse victims , is to be given ownership of the new €300 million State-funded National Maternity Hospital .
The Sisters of Charity are the shareholders of the St Vincent 's Healthcare Group which the Department of Health said will be the “ sole owner of the new hospital ” which is to be built on a site at Elm Park in south Dublin .
The relocation of the hospital from Holles Street to the St Vincent 's hospital campus involves the largest single investment ever made in maternity services in the State . Proceeds from the sale of Holles Street will go towards funding the new maternity hospital .
A department spokesman said the “ autonomy of the national maternity hospital board will be underpinned by reserved powers to ensure clinical and operational independence , and the Minister for Health will hold the power to protect those reserved powers ” .
He said : “ The financial interests of the State will be protected through a requirement for a lien to be placed on the hospital . The agreement also provides for proceeds from the sale of the NMH , Holles Street , to be invested in the new facility . ”
A lien , he said , in this instance meant “ a charge on the property in favour of the State in order to protect the State 's interest in the property ” .
Ryan commission
The Sisters of Charity are one of 18 religious congregations which managed residential institutions for children investigated by the Ryan commission and was party to the 2002 , €128-million indemnity agreement with the State .
Following publication of the Ryan report in 2009 the Sisters of Charity offered to contribute a further €5 million towards the €1.5 billion redress costs incurred by the State involving former residents of the institutions .
According to the Comptroller and Auditor General 's report last month the Sisters of Charity have contributed just €2 million of their 2009 offer to date .
The congregation has also to complete its contribution to the 2002 indemnity agreement . It owns one of 11 properties yet to be transferred to the State before terms of the 2002 agreement are fulfilled . The property concerned is the Sacred Heart Centre in Waterford , which will be transferred to the Health Service Executive .
In 2013 the Sisters of Charity , along with the three other religious congregations which managed Magdalene laundries , announced that they would not be making any contribution to the State redress scheme for women who had been in the laundries .
The lovable presenter has spoken candidly about his addiction battle in his FIRST emotional interview since checking into rehab .
The nation has been rallying behind Ant McPartlin in recent weeks after it was revealed he had been admitted to rehab for his addiction to prescription drugs .
Ant admitted his downward spiral began because he had been trying to cope with chronic pain following a knee operation and turned to a variety of highly addictive painkillers .
Now the lovable presenter , famed for co-presenting with Declan Donelly , has hinted he is going to take time out to work on his marriage after putting his wife `` through hell '' during the process .
Speaking for the first time since checking into rehab , Ant revealed childhood sweetheart Lisa , who is a make-up artist on Strictly Come Dancing , has been 'fantastic ' as she supported him in his recovery .
In an emotional interview with The Sun Ant revealed : `` I 've put Lisa through hell with mood swings and depression and how it affects you .
“ I 'm very sorry about the effect it has on partners . This kind of stuff puts strains on any marriage .
“ In hindsight , I should have mentioned it earlier but you 're embarrassed about it . ”
“ All I can say at the moment is that she 's been amazing — fantastic throughout . ''
Lisa , who married Ant in 2006 , is reported to have discovered Ant 's dependence on prescription drugs after he broke down during a meeting with best pal Dec , and Ant admits he was sick with worry about his wife whilst away .
Following the interview on Sunday , Ant took to Twitter to thank fans for their outpouring of support .
Have to say I 'm overwhelmed by everyone 's love , support and well wishes today . Thank you one and all . I 'm sending all my love back .
A xxx — antanddec ( @ antanddec ) August 13 , 2017
Get better soon Ant !
File photo : Stian Lysberg Solum / NTB scanpix
The Language Council of Norway has pronounced ‘ fake news ' ( falske nyheter ) as the new Norwegian word of the year .
The expression beat other neologisms including ‘ Swedish conditions ' ( svenske tilstander ) , 'October child ' ( oktoberbarn ) and ‘ purple voter ' ( lillavelger ) to the award , writes news agency NTB .
“ The word is not completely new , but its use has exploded over the last year , ” language researcher Ole Våge , a senior advisor to the council , told NTB .
“ It is a word that has set the agenda and was given a lot of attention during the 2016 US election , and that attention has continued , ” language researcher Bente Karlsnes told broadcaster NRK .
Every year , the recipient of the award is chosen by the Language Council of Norway along with Norwegian School of Economics professor Gisle Andersen . The word can either be completely new , or a modern word that has characterised the year .
“ The use of the phrase ‘ fake news ' has exploded during the last year , and was the most used new word amongst this year 's candidates . The phrase reflects the fight for truthful news in public debate in a completely new way , both in Norway and elsewhere in the world , ” Våge told NTB .
Andersen said that this year 's general election in Norway also influenced the list .
“ Several of the words… show that Norwegian political debate has switched to a higher gear , in which pointed phrases and negative characterisations are becoming more normal , ” the professor told NTB .
The Language Council of Norway also uses data from major national and regional newspapers in the process of selecting the word .
READ ALSO : Swedish and Norwegian newspapers ditch April Fools ' due to fake news
It is that time of year again when Mobile World Congress ( MWC ) in Barcelona is a couple of weeks away and the rumors , speculation and leaks start flying in earnest . And when it comes to smartphones at the MWC , it is Samsung 's playground , because Apple does n't launch any products there .
The one thing we do know for sure is the Galaxy 8 will not be announced at the end of February , when Samsung ( KRX:005930 ) usually does so for its new phones . So with the new Galaxy 8 slated for a rumored launch date of March 29 and a release date of April 21 , what is it going to look like and how much is it going to cost you ?
Addressing the price point first , $ 850 is the ball park that is being batted around . This is a hefty price for a smartphone , and it will probably be out of the price range of many small businesses . There are many flagship phones that are loaded for much less than that .
Leaked Images of the Samsung Galaxy S8
As for what it looks like , Evan Blass has posted an image on his Twitter account and it looks like this :
Benjamin Geskin has also posted different images , along with screen covers that could give you some idea of where the sensors , cameras and speakers may be located . The absence of a home button is clear on the screen cover , which has led many to speculate this is as close to an all screen phone as you are going to get .
When it comes to the specs for the Galaxy 8 , a USB-C and the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack seem to be the only things pundits are agreed upon with any degree of certainty . Even the exact screen size is questionable at the moment .
If you are considering the Galaxy 8 regardless of the steep price tag , the best thing to do is wait , because almost every spec that is being published for the phone right now is followed by the word “ reportedly . ”
The global Apple accessories market is expected to grow at 4.6 % CAGR over the forecast period , 2016-2020 . Demand is expected to remain strong in China , where rapid adoption of smartphones , combined with an increasing preference towards the ‘ Apple ' brand is pushing sales . The market in China is expected to grow at 8.5 % CAGR through the forecast period . Globally , the demand for Apple accessories is expected to be positively influenced by the growing BYOD trend .
Weak distribution channels in emerging markets have remained a longstanding challenge for manufacturers . However , popularity of e-commerce and focus on creating alternative distribution channels have positively impacted Apple accessories sales in emerging markets . The steady growth in these markets is expected to offset weak demand in developed markets of the U.S. and Europe .
Request for Sample @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3374
Apple accessories sales in Asia will be driven by rising popularity of e-commerce websites and apps . As is the case in Asia , steady e-commerce sales are driving Apple accessories sales in Brazil and Russia . These factors will contribute to the overall growth of the global market .
Future Market Insights identifies that undefined standards in terms of components and technology have led to price and product differentiation . Moreover , widespread availability of counterfeit and pirated products offered at a fraction of the original price in various developing countries can significantly inhibit demand for Apple accessories .
The Future Market Insights report reveals that iPhone screen guards will continue to be the most-sought after accessory among consumers . iPad cases and iPad screen guards are expected to remain the other lucrative product types . Collectively , these three product segments accounted for over 50 % revenue share of the global market in 2016 , and the status quo will remain unchanged throughout the forecast period . Among these product types , iPad cases segment will only witness an increase in its revenue share by 2020 .
Request for Table of Contents @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-3374
North America will continue to be the most lucrative market , with the US leading total sales . The North America Apple accessories market was valued at US $ 1.93 Bn in 2016 , with the US accounting for US $ 1.38 Bn in revenues . Future Market Insights projects the North America market revenues to increase at a CAGR of 4 % CAGR through 2020 . The report further reveals that the Apple accessories market in Europe is predicted to register a CAGR of 4.0 % in the span of next four years . However , the Apple accessories market in South East Asia is expected to witness relatively sluggish growth by the end of 2020 .
3M , Bose Corporation , Western Digital Corporation ( SanDisk ) , Logitech , Otter Products , LLC. , Decoded , Adobe , Bang & Olufsen , Incase and ACCO ( Kensington Computer Products Group ) are the key manufacturers operating in the Apple accessories market globally .
Report Overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/apple-accessories-market
Jonathan Chen 's new patient knew exactly what drug she wanted . That was the first red flag .
According to Chen , she said she needed Norco , a name-brand opioid , for an ailing foot . She did n't want physical therapy or the host of other medications the Stanford Health Care physician suggested after checking her prescription records , which fit the pattern of an addict “ doctor shopping ” for pills .
The 36-year-old doctor said he still might have prescribed her some temporary Norco to help her avoid withdrawal , hoping to build a relationship so he could wean her off the drug . But then he saw her prescription for Valium , a common sedative that , when taken with opioids , can turn deadly . Unable to prescribe even a handful of pills , he watched the patient walk out . She never came back .
That dilemma , from earlier this year , is just one example of the tough positions doctors navigate when prescribing opioids amid an addiction crisis that in 2015 left 1,414 dead from overdoses in California alone . Such alarming numbers have spurred the state 's medical board to scrutinize high prescribers more closely and inspired doctors to re-examine how they prescribe powerful painkillers .
Seeking to treat pain differently , many health care providers have shifted toward alternative treatments or in some cases stopped prescribing opioids at all . Even if they prescribe with strict limits , doctors say they grapple with ambiguity about whether their patients are misusing medication and whether opioids are the best solution for their pain .
“ By far , most if not all doctors are trying to do their best , ” Chen said . “ But this is a complex and hard situation that does n't have easy answers . ”
Rural Northern California has been hit particularly hard by the opioid crisis , but the issue affects doctors all over . Last year , a cluster of overdoses from a highly potent opioid called fentanyl left a dozen dead in Sacramento .
The National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that 75 percent of opioid abuse cases begin when someone uses medication they did n't get directly from a doctor , but rather through another person such as a dealer or a family member with a prescription . Still , efforts to turn back the wave of addictions has focused largely on regulating prescriptions more tightly .
The California Medical Board took action against 57 doctors for inappropriate prescribing in the 2015-2016 fiscal year , up from 30 five years ago . Under legislation passed early last year over the opposition of a major physicians association , doctors who were n't already checking patient 's prescription records in a statewide database will have to do so before giving them controlled substances .
“ We 're still seeing overprescribing . It takes a long time for the tide to change . But I think we 're on the right path in California , ” said Carmen Balber , executive director of Consumer Watchdog , an advocacy group that has pushed for mandated database checking .
Balancing act for doctors
Doctors said determining when someone is abusing pills can be difficult , even when they are diligent about checking patients ' histories , examining X-rays and testing urine to make sure they are n't on other drugs – or drug-free because they 've given the medication to someone else .
Andrew Linn , director of pain management at Mercy Medical Group in Sacramento , estimated that about 10 to 20 percent of the patients who come to him are looking to use opioids inappropriately , either recreationally or to support an addiction .
He said he steers patients away from opioids when possible , not just because of addiction risks but also because he questions opioids ' long-term effectiveness : Continued use can lead patients down a “ slippery slope ” of needing higher dosages to get the same relief , he said .
When he does prescribe opioids , he takes a series of steps to verify pain complaints . But he admitted the process is not foolproof .
“ A lot of it 's just , you sit with a patient and talk to him for a while , you try to get a sense of how much you trust them , ” Linn said , echoing other pain specialists . “ We basically do everything we can but still , sometimes … I 'm not a detective . ”
Another pain management doctor in Sacramento , who requested anonymity to protect his patients ' confidentiality and because he questions his practices , said he 's aware of only a couple of patients per year out of more than 100 who leave his care because they are abusing opioids . He attributed that low rate to being up-front about his “ stingy ” approach with pills .
The doctor said some cases give him a “ funny feeling ” when they involve patients who need opioids for improved quality of life and ability to function , the criteria he uses to justify long-term prescriptions . They pass their urine tests , he said , but still he questions whether he is helping them in the long run .
Each month , for example , he treats manual laborers who complain of back arthritis and say the only way they can keep working is with opioids . He said he believes them but is “ doing a disservice to the patient basically ” by letting them cover up the pain rather than address the root problem .
“ I 'm giving the patient medication so they can beat up their body , ” he said .
However , the doctor said he does n't want to refuse people in dire need . On “ an everyday basis , ” he said , he deals with people who blame him for not showing them compassion by prescribing them the medication they seek .
“ The patient will say , ‘ I stop walking , I lose my housing , now me and my kids are homeless , ' ” he said .
Using alternatives to opioids
David Copenhaver , an expert in cancer pain management at UC Davis Health , said doctors prescribing opioids have to contend with two massive public health issues .
On the one hand , they 're aware of the opioid crisis . But they 're also mindful of the Institute of Medicine 's much-cited 2011 report that found that more than 100 million Americans suffer from chronic pain .
Copenhaver recalled that he began to suspect one of his patients was an addict as the person 's personal life unraveled with each visit to get more medication . First , the patient lost a job . Next came relationship troubles . Then , a car crash and other misfortunes . Copenhaver said he believed addiction hindered the patient 's cancer treatment as well , causing the person to miss chemotherapy appointments .
The patient ultimately died of cancer , Copenhaver said , but “ felt much better ” and was more equipped to fight the disease after moving from opioids to other pain treatments and starting drug therapy for addiction .
With more studies suggesting opioids are n't the best way to combat chronic pain , some doctors are no longer willing to prescribe the class of drugs .
In Lake County , which in 2015 had the second-highest opioid overdose death rate in California , Sutter Health 's Lakeport hospital and clinics will only prescribe opioids for the occasional short-term need .
Andrew Schwartz , medical director at Sutter Lakeside Community Clinic , said physician 's assistants and nurse practitioners approached administrators about three years ago to report how uncomfortable they felt about prescribing opioids . According to Schwartz , prior to that request , the clinic had discharged about 30 patients in the space of a few months for abusing their medication or selling it rather than taking it .
“ How about we do n't write ( opioid prescriptions ) at all ? ” administrators responded to the worried staff , according to Schwartz .
He estimated the clinic has lost about 10 percent of its opioid-seeking patients as a result of the shift . He said the medical team has convinced the majority to stay and try other treatments for chronic pain , such as physical therapy or surgery , that Schwartz believes address the source of his patients ' issues .
Some patients and medical professionals worry that reluctance to prescribe opioids — out of fear both for patients ' safety and doctors ' reputations — has gone too far , penalizing people who genuinely need chronic pain relief .
Linn said he sometimes even has to convince patients it 's OK for them to use opioids . Overall , he and Copenhaver said , they both believe the medical community is honing in on a better balance between pain relief and addiction prevention .
“ I try to get people off opioids more than I 'm trying to put them on opioids , ” Linn said .
Looks like congratulations is in order for Juicy J and his wife , Regina Perera . The rapper announced on social media his wife gave birth and he is so happy . According to XXL , this is the couple 's first child .
Follow @ TheRSMS
My Daughter has arrived ! 🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿 — juicy j ( @ therealjuicyj ) February 2 , 2018
On Instagram he showed off his baby girl and said , “ Baby Girl what a blessing you are @ kamaihouston . ”
The two announced a couple months ago what they would name their daughter in a beautiful maternity photo . Besides being a new father he is also working on new music . We are so happy for this couple !
RELATED : Juicy J Announces He 's Expecting His First Child
RELATED : Steph & Ayesha Curry Expecting Baby Number 3
RELATED : Prank Call : Woman Is Ready To Beat Up Baby Daddy 's Attorney [ EXCLUSIVE ]
The Latest :
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker 's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident , that was caught on camera , took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu , near Hastings , in July 2015 .
Uber ( TEMPE , Ariz. ) — A self-driving Uber car hit and killed a pedestrian early Monday morning in Tempe , Arizona , police said .
The vehicle was in “ autonomous mode at the time of the collision , with a vehicle operator behind the wheel , ” Tempe police said in a statement .
The female pedestrian died of her injuries at a hospital , police said .
“ Uber is assisting and this is still an active investigation , ” according to the police statement .
Uber tweeted that , “ Our hearts go out to the victim 's family . We 're fully cooperating with @ TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident . ”
This is a breaking news story . Please check back for updates .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
LONDON ( AP ) — British Prime Minister Theresa May says there is a new sense of optimism in the talks to secure Britain 's departure from the European Union .
May is set to address the House of Commons on Monday , updating lawmakers on the negotiations just days after hammering out a deal with the EU on the so-called divorce issues , including the Irish border and Britain 's financial obligations . Brexit talks are now expected to move onto trade and security cooperation .
But Britain 's argument that nothing is settled until all is agreed upon is causing unease among other countries involved in the decision . Irish officials have rejected assertions that the deal is merely a `` statement of intent '' rather than legally binding .
The Irish government branded the view `` bizarre '' and insisted that an agreement is binding .
Of all the bars all over the globe , it 's one in London that has taken the title of the best in the world .
The American Bar , at The Savoy hotel , has taken the accolade for the first time in The World 's 50 Best Bars awards 2017 . It took the top spot off New York institution The Dead Rabbit .
And it seems London is the cocktail capital , with eight bars in the top 50 list and three in the top five – including Dandelyan at Mondrian Hotel and The Connaught Bar .
The American Bar ( Canon Photos/PA )
The American Bar is famous for its inventive cocktails , which are categorised by themes like Sherwood Forest cocktails , Art Deco cocktails and The Garden of England cocktails – each group representing a different time or region of the UK .
The bar opened at The Savoy back in 1904 and its name simply means a bar serving mixed or ‘ American ' style drinks , i.e . cocktails . It 's had a recent refurbishment but the bar is steeped in history – Winston Churchill used to come here and had his own private bottle of Black & White Whisky kept behind the bar . Laurel and Hardy and Charlie Chaplin were also regulars .
The seating area at The American Bar ( Canon Photos/PA )
Head bartender Erik Lorincz and has won numerous cocktail awards , including World Class Bartender of the Year in 2010 .
One of the cocktails on offer at the American Bar – a Frosty Reception ( Lewis Wilkinson/PA )
Meanwhile Dandelyan Bar , which came just behind in second place , has beautiful pink banquettes , a green marble bar and views of the Thames .
The cocktails are all about celebrating flora and fauna – inspired by botanists and fruit hunters who would traditionally bring back new tastes from foreign lands .
Dandelyan Bar ( Canon Photos/PA )
You need to head through a hidden door in Mayfair to enter The Connaught bar , which came in fourth place . The cocktail menu is designed using exotic ingredients from faraway places and ‘ discoveries of colour , taste and aroma ' .
The Connaught Bar ( Canon Photos/PA )
The Vieux served at the Connaught ( Canon Photos/PA )
© Press Association 2017
15 Feb , Jajarkot : UCPN ( Maoist Centre ) leader and former Home Minister Shakti Bahadur Basnet said that it was the prime responsibility of his party to ensure implementation of the constitution and deliver development in the country .
Leader Basnet claimed that the country is being governed in line with the agendas put forth by the CPN-MC .
The outcome of education sector is not satisfactory in comparison to the investment , he said , adding the schools should not be taken as a centre for recruiting relatives .
He also urged the community people to join hands to develop Jajarkot by properly utilizing the budget channelized from the centre for development works . RSS
AUTHORITIES have taken legal action to force former Ipswich chief executive Carl Wulff and his spouse to pay more than $ 200,000 they claim was derived through `` illegal activity '' .
The State of Queensland has applied for an order under the Criminal Proceeds Confiscation Act for Wulff and partner Sharon Oxenbridge , who have been charged with corruption , to pay a proceeds assessment order of $ 214,500 .
Orders must be made by the Supreme Court if it is `` more probable than not that , at any time within the six years before the application … the person engaged in a serious crime-related activity '' .
Carl Wulff and Sharon Oxenbridge .
Wulff , 66 , and Oxenbridge , 51 , have already been hit with court orders restraining them from being able to sell off more than $ 1 million worth of property spanning three states .
That includes a luxury investment apartment at Brisbane 's Hamilton Harbour that was looked at by the Crime and Corruption Commission probe in 2013 over a deal involving a council contractor .
The CCC inquiry came after The Courier-Mail revealed Ipswich ratepayers paid $ 48,000 for Claude Walker to rent it while working as a council contractor overseeing flood repairs .
Walker , 60 , was charged by the CCC in May with corruption over more than $ 104,000 in allegedly corrupt payments to Wulff and Oxenbridge related to council contracts during 2012 and 2013 .
Wulff and Oxenbridge have also been charged with corruption over the payments . The pair face a second corruption charge over an allegation they obtained money to `` facilitate a fill services brokerage agreement '' with council when Wulff was chief executive .
Business veteran Wayne Myers has been charged with corruption over an allegation he aided Wulff in obtaining the money for the same agreement . Myers , Wulff and Walker did not return calls . All intend to defend the charges .
Fifteen people are now facing a total of 73 charges stemming from the CCC 's Ipswich investigation .
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades , poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the `` Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded . ''
Since 1983 the facility , which was founded in 1910 , has been called the Central Virginia Training Center , and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities . But in the early 20th century , the place Brown now refers to as `` the colony '' was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S. , and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization . Brown , who has cerebral palsy , notes that had she been born in an earlier era , she might have been sent to live at the institution herself .
`` It is impossible to know that for sure , '' she says . `` I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think , No , never . That never would have happened . But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier , the climate was very different . ''
She hopes to give voice to those early generations of residents , in her book of poetry , The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded .
For Brown , the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout her life : `` In my life , there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed , and there has always been poetry . And I could n't untwine those things if I tried . ''
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful . The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities , although it is in the process of closing . But like a lot of things in Virginia , it was initially built on an enormous amount of land . And , so , a really interesting thing happened , which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair , they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land , but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down . So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been . I 've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life .
On how some people assume her physical disability means she also has an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity . Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [ I ] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair , maybe I could n't even speak to them . I often get questions directed at people I 'm with , as opposed to me , and that 's a really interesting phenomenon .
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way , and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand . ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer . So those things feel very linked for me . And , again , poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we 're currently living in .
On how Catholicism has helped her accept her body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain , a body that brings you pleasure , a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [ that it ] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world , with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in .
What Catholicism did for me , in part , is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake , but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I 've done and what I hope I will do in the world .
More and more ... I 've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential , and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world . And I 'd rather that , I guess , than be infuriated by it .
On her twin sister , who died shortly after birth
She lived about 36 hours after we were born . ... It 's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for , ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation , and that I feel aware of her presence in this way that I ca n't exactly explain or articulate , but which feels undeniable to me . ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we 're living . Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours ? And for the fact as much as I know that she is dead and is gone in a real way , she does n't feel `` disappeared '' to me .
On how her physical disability and her poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [ early ] memories . ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children 's hospital in St. Louis , choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery . I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape . And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called `` Those Winter Sundays . ''
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast . Bridget Bentz , Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web .
General Motors boss Barra to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
A number of dissident republicans dressed in military uniform have marched through the streets of Londonderry .
Around 30 men and women , whose faces were partially disguised by scarves and sunglasses , paraded from Free Derry Corner as part of a republican march through the city organised by the hard-line group Saoradh .
Dozens of dissident republicans took part
Saoradh , which means liberation in Irish , was formed in 2016 with the backing of dissident republican prisoners .
It counts high-profile Co Armagh republican Colin Duffy among its supporters .
There was a low-profile police operation during the parade , which finished up at the City Cemetery where former deputy first minister Martin McGuinness was buried just a few weeks ago .
Renewable energy sources are a hot topic right now and have been listed as one of the most efficient tools we have in the fight against climate change .
Here in New Zealand , hydropower , geothermal and wind energy are the primary sources of our renewable power , however another that could soon be added to the list is human tears .
This is thanks to new research published this week in the journal Applied Physics Letters which discovered that a protein present in our tears , saliva and milk can also be used to generate electricity .
The protein , called lysozyme , was discovered by Alexander Fleming in 1922 . He found it showed antibacterial activity when tested on nasal mucus bacteria donated from a patient suffering with a head cold .
Advertisement
Six years later , Fleming went on to discover the antibiotic penicillin , which has saved millions of lives , but lysozyme continued to have historical significance as the first enzyme structure to have been solved and fully mapped in three dimensions using a technique called x-ray diffraction .
The study this week found that when crystallised , lysozyme proteins display piezoelectricity - the process of converting mechanical energy into electrical energy , meaning that when you squeeze a piezoelectric material it can create an electrical field , and in reverse if you apply an electric field the material can change shape .
You have probably used piezoelectricity a few times already today . For the watch wearers amongst us , it 's what keeps a quartz watch on time ; the microphone in your computer will use piezoelectricity to turn the sound energy from your voice into electrical signals that your computer can process , and if you have a gas stove at home , the clicking sound from the ignition button is coming from a piezoelectric material being squeezed and creating an electrical spark .
Quartz is the most commonly used piezoelectric material , but many other materials with an asymmetric atomic structure can also exhibit piezoelectric properties including topaz , sucrose and lead titanate .
In addition to natural materials , biological materials including wood , bone and tendons are also piezoelectric . The challenge is that these biological materials are made up of fibrous protein structures which make them difficult to process and crystallise and unsuitable for commercial use .
With their globular structure , the lysozyme proteins are much easier to crystallise as a thin film just by evaporating on to a glass slide .
The researchers used an actuator to apply pressure to squash the film and measured the voltage using electrodes . Their results found the lysozyme protein crystals produced the same order of magnitude of piezoelectricity as the standard go-to material quartz .
Although quartz is an abundant material , the advantage of the lysozyme crystals could be their increased biocompatibility as they are from a biological source .
This could make them safe to use inside the body and has the potential to open up new applications in energy harvesting for medical devices such as pacemakers and biological pumps .
Alternatively , with its known antibacterial activity , the lysozyme crystal could also be evaporated on to surfaces and used as a biocompatible antimicrobial coating for medical instruments and devices .
Although still in the preliminary stages of research , there is no need to panic about human tear harvesting becoming the next electricity generating industry . In addition to tears and saliva , lysozyme is also found in the egg whites of birds , and powdered hen egg whites are already a commercial source of the protein .
Having said that , a future where you have to squeeze your tears to charge your smartphone could possibly lead to a resurgence of romantic comedy movies .
SUNRISE , Fla. - Jonathan Huberdeau scored with 7.7 seconds left in the third period to lift the Florida Panthers to a 3-2 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday night .
Aleksander Barkov and Aaron Ekblad also scored for the Panthers . Harri Sateri made 26 saves for his third straight NHL win . Keith Yandle had two assists .
Danny DeKeyser scored both goals for Detroit and Petr Mrazek stopped 30 shots in his third straight start .
With the score tied at 2 , Huberdeau slid a rebound under Mrazek 's pad from inside the crease . The goal was challenged for goalie interference by Detroit but the call stood .
Barkov broke a 1-1 tie with his goal with 6:22 left in the second period . Evgenii Dadanov passed to Barkov in the high slot and Barkov skated in and beat Mrazek on the glove side .
DeKeyser tied it with his second of the game . Sateri blocked a shot and the bouncing puck went off DeKeyser 's skate as he crashed the net and went across the goal line at 3:00 of the third period .
Ekblad 's goal gave the Panthers a 1-0 lead at 3:14 of the first . Ekblad took a pass from Huberdeau in the slot and backhanded the puck off the post and into the net .
DeKeyser tied the score when his shot from the slot went over Sateri 's shoulder on the stick side at 8:51 of the second .
NOTES : Panthers D Alex Petrovic played his 200th NHL game . ... Florida F Jamie McGinn returned after missing two games with an upper-body injury . ... The Red Wings played their third game in four days . ... DeKeyser played his 350th NHL game .
UP NEXT :
Red Wings : Host the Boston Bruins on Tuesday
Panthers : Host the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Lester : Mayor 's epic road trip now in Congressional Record
hello
U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam , right , and Burr Ridge Mayor Mickey Straub at last week 's village board meeting . Straub traveled to 50 states in 50 days to recite the Gettysburg Address at each state 's capitol . Courtesy of U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam
A suburban mayor 's effort to recite Lincoln 's Gettysburg address at 50 state capitols in 50 days is now part of the Congressional Record .
U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam of Wheaton presented Burr Ridge Mayor Mickey Straub last week with the laminated text of the remarks the congressman made on the House floor about Straub 's accomplishment .
Straub drove 15,000 miles to 48 state capitols and flew to those in Hawaii and Alaska between Sept. 4 and Oct. 17 , 2012 . He began in Pennsylvania , near Gettysburg , and finished at Lincoln 's tomb near the Illinois Capitol in Springfield .
Straub , who estimates the trip cost him more than $ 20,000 and put thousands of miles on his Lincoln Town Car , says the journey deepened his faith and sense of patriotism .
`` I launched the trip on behalf of God and country , but it was actually God and country that pulled me through , '' he said . `` It started more about principles and patriotism , but it was the people who kept me going . ''
Watch Roskam 's tribute to the trip at www.youtube.com/watch ? v=RtnlUsQoQnA & feature=youtu.be & t=2m15s
- Daniel White | Staff Photographer State Rep. Anna Moeller of Elgin .
State Rep. Anna Moeller of Elgin is sponsoring a bill that would make it easier -- and less costly -- for women to return to their maiden names . The legislation , which passed the House unanimously , would allow a woman to resume using a former or maiden name at any time .
Currently , women who want to return to their maiden names have to file a petition in court and pay for a legal notice to be published for two consecutive weeks .
College of DuPage President Ann Rondeau . - Daily Herald file photo
Speaking to members of the College of DuPage Courier student newspaper staff last week , I was interested to hear of recent goodwill efforts new President Ann Rondeau has made with the staff . Rondeau , students told me , made a point to visit the newsroom and sit down for a wide-ranging interview . Former President Robert L. Breuder , who was fired in 2015 , was known to tussle with college journalists .
Dems join social media fray
Calling the suburbs the `` central battleground '' for state legislative races in 2018 , Illinois House Democrats are launching their most expansive social media campaign to date Monday , I 'm told .
The caucus is led by House Speaker Michael Madigan , who famously shuns using a cellphone or email . With that , House Democrats have fielded criticism for being technologically behind other camps at the state Capitol .
Senate Democrats have a Twitter account that has 16,000 followers , and GOP Gov . Bruce Rauner of Winnetka regularly broadcasts on Facebook Live and has nearly 19,000 Twitter followers . Before this new campaign , Illinois House Democrats had a Twitter account with just 528 followers .
Madigan spokesman Steve Brown says the new campaign , called Lifting Up Illinois , will supplement the social media efforts of House members .
Brown would n't discuss the cost but said it 'll be paid by the Democratic Majority campaign committee . Brown said the committee spent about $ 500,000 on social media during the last election . Expect that to spike this term .
Follow the pages at www.facebook.com/LiftingUpIL and www.twitter.com/LiftingUpIL .
Debate finals
I had the pleasure of judging the finals of the National Christian Forensics and Communications Association 's 2017 Speech and Debate Tournament at Christian Liberty Academy in Arlington Heights , which drew more than 150 home-schooled students from six states . John Klaves and Catherine Alles , who debated the consequences of banning United States citizens from getting organ transplants in China , won the day . Organizers would not release their hometowns , citing privacy . They 'll head to regionals in Bloomington-Normal next month .
AUGUSTA , Ga. ( WJBF ) – A woman is behind bars after a deadly shooting in Augusta .
The shooting happened Thursday afternoon at the Ramada Inn on Gordon Highway .
50-year-old Michael Davenport was found with a gunshot wound to the chest and died at the scene .
40-year-old Leslie Harris has since been arrested .
No motive has been released .
Newell Brands Inc. has enlisted the support of billionaire Carl Icahn and will go forward with its planned sale of assets -- a move that may help it fend off opposition from activist investor Starboard Value .
Newell said Monday it had agreed to immediately name four Icahn designees to its board , one of whom will serve as chairman . Meanwhile , the company will expand its efforts to streamline operations -- a plan that Starboard has attempted to halt .
Icahn said the Hoboken , New Jersey-based maker of Rubbermaid kitchenwares and Mr. Coffee appliances is “ significantly undervalued . ”
“ This company has a great stable of brands , and I believe a streamlined consumer-facing portfolio will help the company focus on the most important businesses and reignite the performance in their core businesses , ” Icahn said in the statement .
The announcement did n't sit well with investors , who sent shares down as much as 6.5 percent to $ 26.79 , a sign many may have preferred a bigger shake-up at Newell . The company 's stock had already lost more than 40 percent of its value in the 12 months through the end of last week .
“ The agreement with Icahn lends credibility to management 's plan , ” Wells Fargo & Co. analyst Bonnie Herzog said in a research note . It also increases the odds that Newell will prevail in its proxy fight with Starboard , she said
Weekend Meeting
Newell Chief Executive Officer Mike Polk first became aware Icahn 's interest in the company shortly after Starboard began its proxy fight , according to people familiar with the matter . The CEO reached out to Icahn by phone in February and offered to work with him , they said , asking to not be named because the discussions were private .
On March 16 , Icahn disclosed his 6.9 percent stake in the company , which makes him its third largest holder , and opened the door for negotiations . Icahn 's group met with Newell executives over the weekend and hammered out an agreement Sunday night , they said .
The agreement follows a fight initiated last month by Starboard , the activist fund run by Jeff Smith , to replace the entire board . The New York-based hedge fund has urged the company to halt plans to sell some brands until shareholders have a chance to vote on Starboard 's slate of directors .
Board Changes
Five board members have stepped down this year and Starboard has partnered with former executives of Jarden Corp. , which was bought by Newell two years ago . One of the directors , Kevin Conroy , said he stepped down because the company need change and said he supported Starboard 's efforts at the company .
Representatives for Icahn and Starboard did n't immediately respond to requests for comment .
Newell said in January that it planned to retreat from a debt-fueled acquisition spree and sell brands that account for about half of its customer base . Some of the properties were considered key to the company 's future just a few years ago . Starboard 's Smith argues the company 's turnaround plans were a “ hastily designed action to deflect blame from the recent poor performance . ”
Simplify Operations
There are additional opportunities to sell brands that will bring the total yield of the overhaul to about $ 10 billion of after-tax proceeds , Newell said Monday . The company reiterated that it seeks to simplify operations and improve financial flexibility to free up cash for investment in e-commerce , product innovation and international expansion .
Newell agreed to immediately appoint Patrick Campbell , Brett Icahn , Andrew Langham and Courtney Mather to the board . Campbell , who was previously an executive at 3M Co. and General Motors Co. , will serve as chairman .
Last month , the company nominated James Craigie and Debra Crew to the board as independent members , and it will nominate Judith Sprieser to join at its shareholder meeting .
With the changes , “ Newell Brands 's board will comprise 11 highly qualified and experienced directors , 10 of whom will be independent and all of whom will be seasoned leaders , ” the company said .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG are advising Newell , and Jones Day is legal counsel .
SEATTLE ( AP ) — The Latest on courts blocking the president 's efforts to keep transgender people from enlisting in the military ( all times local ) :
5:20 p.m .
A third federal judge has blocked President Donald Trump 's ban on transgender people joining the military .
U.S. District Judge Marsha Pechman issued her ruling Monday in a case brought by several plaintiffs , including a soldier based in Washington state and two young men who hope to enlist .
Advertisement
Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson also intervened in the case to challenge Trump 's policy .
Pechman found that the ban likely violates the plaintiffs ' rights to due process and to equal protection under the law without advancing any government interest . She also said it would harm the state 's efforts to protect its residents from discrimination .
Pechman blocked the government from imposing the ban pending further proceedings .
Judges in Maryland and Washington , D.C. , also have ruled against the ban . It had been due to take effect Jan. 1 .
___
8:10 a.m .
The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 , despite President Donald Trump 's opposition .
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump 's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military . Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban .
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical , medical and mental conditions that make it possible , though difficult , for them to join the armed services .
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles . The Department of Defense also is studying the issue .
Assassination attempt survivor and former Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords tweeted out support of Alexandria shooting victims , only to receive hate in return .
The mass shooting at the congressional baseball practice in Virginia stirred the tragic memories of the 2011 assassination attempt at former U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , when gunman Jared Loughner shot the Democrat in the head , leaving her severely wounded during a public meeting with her constituents in Tucson , Arizona . Six other people had lost their lives as well .
Following the shooting in Alexandria , which left Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise critically wounded and sent lawmakers and staffers scrambling for safety amid gunfire , Giffords released a heart touching statement in sympathy of her former colleagues .
She also praised the Capitol Police , who provided security for the practice and engaged the shooter , for their bravery and quick action – but some people were apparently offended by that .
My heart is with my former colleagues , their families & staff , and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day . — Gabrielle Giffords ( @ GabbyGiffords ) June 14 , 2017
Giffords , a prominent gun control advocate , also issued a statement through her political action committee Americans for Responsible Solutions .
May we all come together with prayers for the survivors , love for their friends and family , and the courage to make this country its best . pic.twitter.com/2CIOnOh2su — Gabrielle Giffords ( @ GabbyGiffords ) June 14 , 2017
“ It does n't matter if you 're a Democrat or a Republican , nor if you 're a senator or a representative , nor a staffer or a sworn officer . If you serve the institution of Congress , you 're connected to your colleagues , current and former , by a shared sense of service to ideals far greater than yourself . This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy , ” she wrote . “ I am heartbroken for the pain of Congressman Scalise , the other victims , and their family , friends , and colleagues who survived . I am thankful for the great courage of the Capitol Police , who were my protectors after I was shot and became my friends . I also know the courage it takes to recover from a shooting like this , and I know Steve and everyone there this morning has such courage in great supply . ”
Several social media commended Giffords on Twitter .
This is the right way to respond to such a heinous act . Proud of you and how strong you have been . — Chris Ridings ( @ cridings1 ) June 14 , 2017
Coming from former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords , a gunshot victim and Democrat , this means a lot . https : //t.co/gPr2r7r9IW — Joe Sapia ( @ JosephSapia ) June 15 , 2017
MS Gifford you are amazing and write are grateful for your courage and strength . — hopeful ( @ Elaine39943705 ) June 15 , 2017
God bless your loving heart , Gabby , and your words of wisdom . — Louise R Fitzgerald ( @ Louise212nyc2 ) June 15 , 2017
Some , on the other hand , reacted to her message of love with hatred and vitriol .
BS , you probably staged this for another gun-grab attempt . Sorry , TRAITOR , it 's NOT going to work . — Marv L Shedley ( @ MarvLSOne ) June 14 , 2017
Here we go with the anti # 2A crap again . — Zzopit ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ( @ zzopit ) June 14 , 2017
People like you enable this by trying to ban legal firearms go F yourself — Chris Dumas ( @ DACHIBEAR85 ) June 14 , 2017
Why do n't you blame all these democrats who are stirring their crazies up , this is their fault ! This is what HATE does ! — Melanie Turtletaub ( @ MelTurtletaub ) June 14 , 2017
The shooting in Virginia was the 153rd mass shooting of the year . Hours later , the 154th unfolded in San Francisco , stirring the gun control debate in the United States .
A court is expected to rule later on a landmark human rights case in which Britain is accused of using torture in Northern Ireland .
The European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg is due to deliver its findings on Tuesday .
Ireland took legal action following new evidence and amid pressure from Amnesty International and other human rights organisations over the so-called Hooded Men case .
They were 14 Catholics interned - detained indefinitely without trial - in 1971 who said they were subjected to a number of torture methods .
These included five techniques - hooding , stress positions , white noise , sleep deprivation and deprivation of food and water - along with beatings and death threats .
The men were hooded and flown by helicopter to a secret location , later revealed as a British Army camp at Ballykelly , outside Londonderry .
They were also dangled out of the helicopter and told they were high in the air , although they were close to the ground .
None were ever convicted of wrongdoing .
The Irish government first took a human rights case against Britain over the alleged torture in 1971 .
The European Commission ruled that the mistreatment of the men was torture , but in 1978 the European Court of Human Rights held that the men suffered inhumane and degrading treatment that was not torture .
The UK did not dispute the finding .
New evidence , uncovered from national archives in London , throws doubt over the ruling by the European Court of Human Rights .
It includes a letter dated 1977 from then-home secretary Merlyn Rees to then-prime minister James Callaghan in which he states his view that the decision to use “ methods of torture in Northern Ireland in 1971/72 was taken by ministers - in particular Lord Carrington , then secretary of state for defence ” .
Mr Rees added that “ a political decision was taken ” .
Photo / @ TomLoeffler
What was expected to be an explosive shootout between hard-punching crusierweight titleholders Murat Gassiev and Yunier Dorticos on Saturday in Sochi , Russia , turned out to be an intense tactical boxing match that ended in thrilling and dramatic fashion in the final round .
Gassiev ( 26-0 , 19 knockouts ) dropped the inhumanly durable and game Dorticos three times in Round 12 of their World Boxing Super Series tournament semifinal , forcing referee Eddie Claudio to wave the compelling contest off just eight seconds from the final bell .
Gassiev , the defending IBF titleholder , added the WBA strap held by Dorticos to his collection and advances to the May 11 WBSS final in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , where he will face WBO/WBC beltholder Oleksandr Usyk for the undisputed cruierweight championship . THE RING magazine 's vacant cruiserweight title will also be on the line as Usyk and Gassiev are Nos . 1 and 2 in the publication 's 200-pound rankings .
Gassiev , a 24-year-old Russian who trains with Abel Sanchez in Big Bear Lake , California , put forth the best performance of his six-and-half-year pro career to defeat Dorticos ( 22-1 , 21 KOs ) and earn his shot at undisputed glory . The victory did not come easy . The 31-year-old Cuban boxer-puncher put Gassiev on the back foot during the first quarter of the fight , stalking forward behind a busy jab .
Rather than fight fire with fire , Gassiev chose to back up and cover up while looking for spots to get off with single power shots . Although the young Russian was accurate with his punches , he was soundly outworked and was arguably down on the scorecards 4-0 going into Round 5 .
However , in the middle rounds of the bout , Gassiev , who did a good job of blocking most of the power shots from Dorticos , upped his punch output and was able to split and land around the Cuban 's high guard with uppercuts and hooks , while also working the taller , rangier fighter 's body when in close . Dorticos was wobbled by a big left hook late in Round 5 , which signified a change of momentum in the fight .
But Dorticos continued to press Gassiev despite absorbing telling blows to the head and body . The biggest match of Gassiev 's career was not going to be hard fought no matter how well he boxed .
“ This is my first unification fight , ” Gassiev said during his post-fight interview . “ Yunier Dorticos was a great champion , a really hard hitter , he had 21 knockouts , and he brings big pressure all fight . He takes punches but he continued fighting . ”
Indeed the Cuban did , walking through frightful body-head combinations from Gassiev , who began applying smart pressure by the late rounds of the bout . Dorticos fired back whenever Gassiev landed left uppercut-hook combinations , but he was clearly weakening going into the championship rounds . Gassiev wobbled Dorticos in Round 11 , forcing the veteran to hold , but the former amateur standout stood and traded at the bell . That was the last hurrah from Dorticos . All he had was his will going into Round 12 . His body had been systematically beaten into submission and down he went , three times , until the referee acknowledged that he 'd had enough .
“ Today I tried to do my best , ” Gassiev said . “ I hope in the final I can do better . ”
He will need to in order beat Usyk , widely regarded as the tournament favorite . The Ukrainian star will not pressure Gassiev the way Dorticos did , nor will he stand and trade as long as the Cuban did during inside exchanges . However , the classy and savvy manner in which Gassiev broke Dorticos down earned a lot of respect from boxing fans and media around the world , and many will give the still-learning Russian a shot at winning it all .
“ Congratulations to Gassiev , ” Usyk said before engaging in an in-the-ring stare down to hype the WBSS final . “ I expect a spectacular and beautiful fight . ”
Email Fischer at [ email protected ] . Follow him on Twitter at @ dougiefischer
Liverpool 5 Roma 2
Mohamed Salah savaged his former side Roma with a brilliant individual performance in a superb 5-2 Champions League semi-final first-leg victory undermined by two late goals for the visitors .
The Egypt international was the star of a performance which began as a slow-burner before turning into a blistering evisceration of Serie A 's third-placed team .
However , Roma showed they are still a threat with a late rally which may yet give Jurgen Klopp 's side a nervous 90 minutes at the Stadio Olimpico next week .
Klopp had predicted Salah would face a rough time against the side he left in the summer but in truth none of his former team-mates could do anything to stop him .
He scored two brilliant first-half goals – his 42nd and 43rd of an incredible season – with two also for Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane on target as well as Liverpool made the most of their first Champions League semi-final in a decade .
The downside were goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti and a knee injury to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , who left the pitch on a stretcher with his head in his hands and his knee in a brace to put his World Cup in some doubt .
Roma almost silenced Anfield when goalkeeper Loris Karius misread the flight of former Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov 's driven shot but managed to get enough of a hand on it to divert it onto the crossbar .
But it was not long before the hosts had one of those passages of play which has become all too familiar to opposition teams .
They blew away City in the quarter-final with three goals in 19 first-half minutes and it is no exaggeration to suggest they could have put this tie beyond the visitors in the final 17 minutes before the interval .
Mane could have had a hat-trick , hitting two good chances over and having a sliding effort disallowed for offside , while Salah had a shot palmed away by Alisson having cut in from the right – a precursor of what was to come .
Roma did not heed the warning and a few minutes later Salah was again allowed to cut in and shape a trademark shot with his left foot .
He placed a curling shot in the only spot Alisson could not reach it , jamming it against the angle of post and crossbar on its way over the line .
It was a goal befitting of the occasion but Salah 's second was equally brilliant .
The unmarked Lovren headed over as Roma threatened to buckle under the pressure before the Egypt international struck in first-half added time .
His exquisite lay-off to Firmino saw the Brazilian storm through midfield before playing a wonderfully-weighted return pass which Salah took one touch to control before dinking a shot over Alisson – a finish of which Lionel Messi would have been proud .
After the break Salah turned provider , racing onto Trent Alexander-Arnold 's ball down the line to cross for Mane to turn home from close range .
When Alexander-Arnold and Salah combined again , the latter leaving Juan Jesus completely bamboozled , Firmino was the beneficiary from a couple of yards out .
Firmino 's header from a corner made it 5-0 but Dzeko 's neat finish and Perotti 's penalty gave Roma hope of repeating their brilliant quarter-final comeback at home to Barcelona .
– PA
Share it :
Do n't Miss
One simple trick can help you at the checkout when faced with no single-use bag options .
One simple trick can help you at the checkout when faced with no single-use bag options . Brett Wortman
PLASTIC bags .
I am sick of them .
I am sick of hearing people whinge about them , I 'm sick of reading news stories about them .
So of course , I have chosen to dedicate 250 words to the topic .
It seems like a lot of people who are mad about the ban are the type of people who get mad whenever something in their life changes .
Until something else minor comes along for them to blow their lid about they 'll get red faced every time they are forced to look at/touch/use a reusable bag .
They complain about 15 cent bags thicker plastic bags , they complain about 99 cent green bags .
I wish I was one of those amazing people who was already using reusable bags before our lives got turned upside down by this out-of-the-blue policy , but I 'm not organised enough for that .
So , I have done something amazing which required me to use forethought for a whole five seconds .
I put reusable bags in my car .
This simple change in behaviour has released me from pain , trials and tribulations faced by everyday Australians who just want to use harmful single-use plastic because it 's convenient .
No longer will I feel the urge to abuse , hit and swear at humble checkout workers who are just passing down policies from their overlords .
But , seriously .
It 's not a big deal .
If I , the most unorganised person I know , can deal with it so can you .
South Australia have been plastic bag free for years and last time I checked they were doing just fine .
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been quoted as saying in a New Year 's message that his country 's development of banned intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBM ) is in `` final stages '' .
`` Research and development of cutting-edge arms equipment is actively progressing and ICBM rocket test launch preparation is in its last stage , '' Kim said on Sunday .
North Korea tested ballistic missiles at an unprecedented rate during 2016 , although some experts have said it is years away from developing an ICBM fitted with a nuclear warhead capable of reaching the United States .
The country has been under UN sanctions since 2006 over its nuclear and ballistic missile tests . The sanctions were tightened last month , after Pyongyang conducted its fifth and largest nuclear test on September 9 .
In February , North Korea launched a satellite into space , which was widely seen as a test of long-range ballistic missile technology .
A senior US military official said last month that North Korea appears able to mount a miniaturised nuclear warhead on a missile , but is still struggling with missile re-entry technology necessary for longer range strikes .
- This week 's WWE NXT episode saw EC3 defeat Fabian Aichner in a match that saw Johnny Gargano interrupt to reveal that he had signed the Street Fight contract for the battle with Tommaso Ciampa at the NXT `` Takeover : Chicago II '' event . Above is video of Sarah Schreiber interviewing EC3 after the match . EC3 talks about how with each win we can feel the tide changing as NXT becomes NX3 . He goes on about perfection and being the man of NXT to end the promo .
- Kairi Sane vs. Lacey Evans in a rematch from the May 23rd episode has been confirmed for next week 's NXT show . As noted , Danny Burch vs. NXT Tag Team Champion Roderick Strong will also air .
- This week 's NXT main event saw Women 's Champion Shayna Baszler retain over Dakota Kai . The post-match angle had Nikki Cross scoring a fake pin on Baszler and celebrating like she won . This was done to set up a match between the two at the `` Takeover : Chicago II '' event . Below are post-show tweets from Baszler and Cross :
I win actual official matches , like a REAL champion . If @ NikkiCrossWWE wants to make a mockery of the title , I will make an example of her . https : //t.co/fDbpxJgM7F — Shayna Baszler ( @ QoSBaszler ) May 31 , 2018
Say what you want about how I became ( & still am ) the # NXTChampion , but to entertain @ NikkiCrossWWE delusions is to disrespect me , & more importantly , the title . — Shayna Baszler ( @ QoSBaszler ) May 31 , 2018
Hehehehehehe her championship ? My championship ? ! Hers ? ? ! ! Hehehe all mine ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! https : //t.co/3AtsHWinpb — Nikki Cross ( @ NikkiCrossWWE ) May 31 , 2018
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( WCMH ) — Columbus police continue to investigate an officer-involved shooting that left one person dead .
According to the Columbus Division of Police , at about 8:03pm , Tuesday , officers were called to the 500 block of Josephine Avenue on the report of a stabbing .
When officers arrived on scene they found a woman with a cut to her hand and a man , identified as Mark Mercer , with a deep cut to his neck .
The victims told police they were meeting with a man , when he left and began breaking the window of Mercer 's vehicle . When Mercer confronted the man , the suspect pulled a knife , cut Mercer 's throat and took his car keys . The woman suffered a cut on her hand while attempting to intervene .
Mercer was taken to Mount Carmel West Hospital in critical condition . The suspect ran from the area .
The female victim told police a few locations where they could possibly find the suspect . Officers began checking a few locations and were given information the suspect was threatening to commit suicide by cop .
Officers received information that the suspect might be at a location in the 400 block of S. Powell Avenue , and began setting up a perimeter around the home .
According to Columbus Division of Police spokesperson Sgt . Rich Weiner while officers were securing the area , the suspect exited the residence with a large fixed blade combat knife and confronted officers in the rear of the location . Two officers then fired upon the suspect .
“ He exited the house and walked all the way to the alley and that 's where he was confronted by officers . The officers were not up by the door . They were not in the backyard . They were over by the alley , setting up a perimeter and that 's when they were confronted , ” said Sgt . Weiner .
The suspect was taken to a hospital where he would later die from his injuries . Neither officer was injured in the confrontation .
Police have identified the suspect , but his name is being withheld pending family notification . The incident remains under investigation .
A hairdressing salon in Larne has been torched in another suspected arson attack in the town .
It is understood that a vehicle was reversed through the shutters of JAK 'S at the bottom of Agnew Street .
Police say they are investigating whether the fire is linked to a series of arson attacks on cars in the town over the weekend .
Three fire engines were involved in putting out the fire and there was a heavy police presence on Main Street late on Monday .
“ The whole community is living in fear , ” said Alliance MLA for East Antrim Stewart Dickson .
The situation in Larne was “ extremely serious ” , he added , appealing to those responsible for the attacks to stop as each attack increased the risk that someone would get hurt .
MLA Stewart Dickson took this picture at the scene last night .
“ The range of incidents - from cars to town centre premises - can not be allowed to escalate further and I would urge anyone with information to speak to the police immediately , ” he told the BBC 's Good Morning Ulster programme .
Former Sinn Fein MLA , Oliver McMullan said : “ This arson attack on cars in Larne are nothing but criminality and must be condemned .
“ This situation can not be tolerated . Community policing was removed from Larne and it left a void that has been filled by criminality .
“ Larne needs community policing in order to address situation immediately . I am calling for an urgent meeting with the local PSNI commanders to discuss these concerns . ”
KABUL , Afghanistan ( AP ) — The U.S. military says that an American soldier has died as a result of injuries sustained during a vehicle incident in eastern Afghanistan .
A statement released by the U.S. forces on Tuesday says that two other American service members were injured in the incident , which took place in eastern Nangarhar province on Monday .
According to the statement , the U.S. forces were not in contact with enemy forces at the time . It says the injured soldiers are receiving medical treatment .
The statement added that U.S. Gen. John Nicholson , commander of the U.S. troops in Afghanistan , expressed his deepest sympathies and prayers to the families and friends of the fallen and injured service members .
Advertisement
It provides no further information . The military did not identify the dead service member .
CAR HITS TREE : Paramedics were called to a crash at Bucca .
CAR HITS TREE : Paramedics were called to a crash at Bucca . Max Fleet BUN170715AMB8
TWO people were taken to Bundaberg Hospital last night after they were injured in a single-vehicle crash at Bucca .
Paramedics attended the Bucca and Norbrook Rds intersection just before 10pm after a car left the road and crashed into a tree .
A male patient in his 40s was treated for a chest injury and a female patient in her 20s suffered a neck injury .
Both were taken to Bundaberg Hospital in stable conditions .
Detective Superintendent David Lynch has testified that back in 2011 , there was no specific police policy determining how many times a person on bail should be checked on .
But in his view , he considered three to five times a week for an extended period would have been adequate .
Mr Lynch was speaking at the fourth day of the inquest into the violent death of Christie Marceau in November 2011 .
The 18-year-old was stabbed to death by Akshay Chand at her North Shore family home , at which time he was on bail for charges of kidnapping and threatening her with a knife just months earlier .
He says police checked on Chand 23 times between the October 6 2011 and November 7 2011 , the day he killed Christie .
Mr Lynch said he considered that level of monitoring was `` robust '' and `` exceeded the three to five times '' he 'd earlier stated were adequate .
Under cross-examination , Mr Lynch told the inquest that it was very difficult for police to stop offenders on bail from reoffending if they were highly motivated to do so .
He said in 2016 there were more than 3000 breaches of bail .
Mr Lynch said even “ on the gold plated standard of electronic monitoring an offender determined to abscond ca n't be stopped . ”
Kyle Edmund 's incredible run to the semi-finals of the Australian Open grabbed the nation 's attention and elevated him to a new level of public interest that he has never experienced before .
Arriving in Melbourne two weeks ago Edmund had never beaten a player in the world 's top-10 , yet he recorded the two best victories of his career , defeating Kevin Anderson and Grigor Dimitrov as he charged into the final four .
With an aggressive style of play and a ruthless forehand , he blew away all those that stood before him , breaking into the world 's top 30 in the progress before Marin Cilic ended his dreams of glory .
He is now on the brink of overtaking the long-injured Andy Murray in the rankings and claiming the title of British number one that Murray has held since 2006 .
However , Edmund 's rapid rise and the likely end of Murray 's 12-year monopoly over British tennis are indicative of a major change in the men 's game on the world stage ; the fall of the ‘ Big Four ' of Rafael Nadal , Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic , and Murray .
This proclamation may seem a bit premature considering that Nadal and Federer are still ranked number one and two in the world — having split last year 's Grand Slams evenly between themselves — while Murray and Djokovic won three out of the four Slams the year before .
Yet , as the injuries have started to catch up with these superhumans there is clear evidence that their dominance of the sport is the weakest that it has ever been . By just glancing at this week 's semi-finalists it is clear that the world game is shifting away from the ‘ Big Four ' , as only Federer was still flying the flag in the later stages of the tournament .
Djokovic lost in straight sets to the rising South Korean star , Hyeon Chung , Nadal had to retire from a Grand Slam match for only the second time in his career , and Murray failed to even make it onto the court due to his hip injury .
This is symptomatic of the decline which has struck the ‘ Big Four ' over the last couple of years . While they have won 46 of the last 51 Grand Slams dating back to the 2005 French Open , gone are the days that they were regularly the last four standing in the biggest tournaments .
They have held the number one spot between them constantly since February 2004 but , without doubt , their most impressive days are behind them . From 2008 -2012 the ‘ Big Four ' made up the top four of each of the end of year rankings and were untouchable at the pinnacle of the game . Since then , at least one has been injured or has fallen down the rankings and it now seems that the decline might be terminal .
Federer , at the age of 36 , is defying his age and still winning major titles but must surely start succumbing to old Master Time at some point and will fall off in the next couple of years .
Nadal , remarkably due to his all-action style , looks like he may be able to continue for the longest . He holds the number one slot and is playing some of the best tennis of his career but his limping off in Melbourne was a worrying sign that his injury woes may be returning and could hamper him in years to come .
The youngest of the two , Murray and Djokovic , have the biggest question marks hanging over them at the moment , having cut short their 2017 season due to injury but not returning to their best this year . Djokovic 's elbow seemed to again be causing him problems in his defeat while Murray 's latest operation puts his whole season in doubt .
These great competitors have fought back too many times to be written off just yet but the signs are there that the future without the ‘ Big Four ' may not be that far away .
Luckily for the game , new stars like Edmund and Chung are rising to take their place and their success this fortnight has proven that tennis will not suffer when the ‘ Big Four ' call it a day , but instead become more interesting as a wider group of players fight for dominance .
Image courtesy of Tatiana
A woman is in a serious condition after suffering severe burns to 25 per cent of her body in a car fire .
Emergency services were called to Kohu St in Parahaki , Whangarei , about 7.30pm .
A northern fire communications spokesman said the victim suffered serious burns to 25 per cent of her body and was taken to hospital .
He said they were called to reports of a car fire .
It is understood the woman and her partner had been attempting to start their vehicle when the accident happened .
Local fire senior station officer , Paul Ballentine , told Stuff.co.nz the woman had been standing near the engine as her partner poured petrol into the carburettor when it backfired on her .
`` The fire mostly consumed the poor lady , '' he told the publication .
`` Her partner had done the right thing beforehand . He put the fire out and put her in the shower for 20 minutes . ''
- NZ Herald
City of Detroit Building Safety , Engineering and Environmental Department has organized a task force to hunt landlords by using non paying tenants as bait . Pre Closing Inspection is a State Licensed Lead Hazard and Risk Assessment company working with landlords and property management companies to help you survive the City 's latest scheme to squeeze your pockets . Call us today to schedule .
Detroit officials announced recently that they 're cracking down on landlords who fail to register their rental property . Not only will you be fined you may face criminal charges as well . Pre Closing Inspection wants to help you by coordinating your lead hazard inspection and risk assessment . Both the inspection and risk assessment are required as part of the rental registration and Pre Closing Inspection Services is working with real estate investors and property management companies in an effort to help them avoid the trappings of the City 's witch hunt for landlords .
Our reports include detailed pictures and video of any and all hazards and or potential hazards and what to do to cure the issue so that you can successfully obtain your compliance certificate for rental registration from the City of Detroit . In a recent article city officials stated that they 're concentrating on five zip codes . However , do n't wait for the task for to come knocking on your door . David Bell , the director for the BSEED stated that they 're using non paying tenants to find landlords that have not yet registered their rental property and that by August 1st of 2018 tenants will have the power to not pay their rent directly to the landlord as they should . Instead , tenants will have the power to withhold their rent and pay it into the city 's escrow account . The question stands , what 's to stop tenants from playing games with your payments ? It 's not about who 's fault or who 's to blame . It boils down to who 's responsibility is it to make sure you get your rent on time ?
The answer to that question is “ You ” . Contact Pre Closing Inspection at ( 313 ) 920-3276 and schedule your lead based paint inspection and risk assessment today . Together we can keep the City of Detroit 's task force off your back and ensure that the efforts you 're making to take responsibility for collecting your rent payments are productive .
http : //www.preclosinginspection.com
Borussia Dortmund squandered chance after chance , including a second-half penalty , before slumping to a 1-0 defeat at Benfica in their first leg match of the Champions League 's Round of 16 today .
Kostas Mitroglou scored shortly after halftime and goalkeeper Ederson made some key saves afterward to help Benfica hold on for victory at the Stadium of Light .
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang missed the penalty in the 58th minute , when his shot was stopped by the Brazilian goalkeeper .
`` That 's only possible in football , to play this well and to still lose , '' Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said .
`` Luckily , there 's a return leg for such games . It is an extremely complicated result , but I am very proud of how we played tonight . Even though I am very disappointed , I am proud of how we presented ourselves . ''
Content analytics firm NewsWhip has raised $ 6.4 million in funding as it prepares to expand its team and further develop its technologies .
The company , which has its headquarters in Dublin but also has an office in New York , offers technology that will help media , marketing , and public relations sectors to predict trends , spot influencers and develop editorial strategy . Among its customers are the BBC , the Washington Post , Edelman and MasterCard .
The Series A funding round was led by Tribal Ventures , with Cantor Fitzgerald and international media group Associated Press , along with several smaller investors . Existing investors Enterprise Ireland , Matter VC , Social Starts , and AIB Seed Capital Fund also participated .
The latest funding round is the largest it has raised by far , with $ 2.8 million raised to date through angel and seed funding .
“ This round is a big jump up in volume , but ambitions have gone up , the revenues have gone up , the demands for pulling off the business we want to create have gone up , ” cofounder and chief executive Paul Quigley said .
At a time when valuations in some sectors of the tech industry have been questioned , raising money has become a bit more competitive .
“ We had really strong growth last year , which made it easier as the year went on , ” Mr Quigley said . “ In February , there was a reduction in Saas company values in markets , and there was a bit of a tech bubble discussion for a while . People hunkered down for a bit and were n't writing as many cheques . ”
Extra staff
NewsWhip is already planning to add to its staff numbers as a result of the new investment , with cofounder and chief executive Paul Quigley saying the firm planned to increase staff in both Ireland the US , including a larger sales team in the US , and key hires in product , machine learning , commercial strategy , marketing and sales .
ADVERTISEMENT
It currently employs 50 people , with product development based in Dublin . By the end of the year , Mr Quigley said the company expected to employ about 70 people in total .
At the moment it offers three product lines , including an analytics product which is the newest addition to the line-up . The funding will also be used to further develop and support those .
The new investment round will also see some additions to the board . Conor Stanley , founder of Tribal Ventures , will be joining , along with the Associated Press 's senior vice president for strategy and enterprise development , Jim Kennedy , and Liam Kiely , director of corporate finance .
NewsWhip was founded in Dublin in 2011 by Mr Quigley and chief technology officer Andrew Mullaney .
Four Cambodian junior tennis players participate at the ITF/ATF Under 16 Development Camp in Bangkok in 2016 . Photo supplied
Kingdom 's interest ends in ITF qualifying
Cambodia 's competitive interest in the ITF Junior tennis tournament ended at the qualifying stage as seeded players in the boys main draw held sway in the first round at the National Training Center yesterday .
Top seeded Christian Didier Chin of Malaysia was too good for Yusei Kosaka of Japan in his 6-1 , 6-1 win , while second seeded Ali Mooraj of Pakistan got past Naufal Siddiq Kamaruzzaman of Malaysia 6-1 , 6-2 .
Sixth seeded Chang-Lin Tsai of Taipei was involved in a long drawn-out three set affairs against Odeda Muhammad Arazza of Indonesia before winning 6-3 , 3-6 , 7-6 .
Cambodia 's big pool of 10 players , nine boys and a girl , stumbled at the qualifying stage , although with a couple of matchups keenly contested .
Sam Davith from Koh Krabey was the first to be ousted , by Joshua Gunawan of Indonesia 6-0 6-2 . This defeat was quickly followed by a Leap Sovannary loss , blanked out by Phuwish Lee of Thailand 6-0 , 6-0 .
Japan 's Atsushi Shibasaki beat the top player from Kep 's Aspeca Orphanage , Sen Sophon , 6-2 , 6-0 . Sophon was able to rally with Atsushi , but the Japanese left-hander was too consistent for the Cambodian 's comfort .
Chheang Vannasith fell to Malaysia 's Ahmad Farid Danial 6-1 , 6-0 . Being a big hitter , Danial never really gave Vannasith a chance to get any feel or rhythm .
Tep Timothy matched up against Japan 's Kyosuke Kiuchi and lost 6-2 , 6-4 . Although Timothy did not play outstanding tennis , he fought and made his Japanese counterpart work to beat him in the end , pushing the second set a little further than in the first .
With just two years of tennis behind them , Van Sear and Ye Kim Hoy from Siem Reap were unable to match their far more experienced rivals . Both of them lost in love sets , Van Sear going down to Matthew Garcia of the Philippines , and Kim Hoy losing to Le Khang Trung of Vietnam .
Ho Sreynoch , appearing in her second ITF Junior tournament , lost to Thailand 's Pimrada Jattavapornvanit 6-0 , 6-0 .
But by far the best performance among the Cambodian boys came from 14-year-old Leng Sarinreach , who battled hard against Tu Nhut Ngoc of Vietnam before going down 5-7 , 3-6 .
The Miz recently won back his Intercontinental Championship on Monday Night RAW , marking his eighth title reign which is just one shy of Chris Jericho 's record of nine . On a recent episode of the Conversation With The Big Guy podcast , Ryback had a ton of praise for The A-Lister .
The Miz is currently one of the top heels in the WWE and is poised for a big 2018 . His in-ring ability has reached the same level of his top-notch mic skills and he has proved that he is a superstar that can be depended on . Ryback went as far as to say The Miz is one of the best of all time because of all the things he does well .
`` I am personally very happy for Miz . I am going to go out and make a very bold statement . I think for knowing Miz , I believe he is one of the best natural wrestlers of all time , '' Ryback said . `` By that I mean that he has never done any performance enhancing drugs . I did them in my early 20 's . I have n't done them in forever , but I think Miz is not the best at anything if that makes sense , but he is really consistent . He is great on the mic , but I would n't even say he is the best on the microphone , but he is great at doing him . ''
See Also The Miz Wants To Main Event WrestleMania As The Intercontinental Champion
The WWE tabbed The Miz as the star of the next installment of The Marine . He continues to rise within the company , as he and his wife Maryse will be starring in an upcoming reality TV series , `` Miz & Mrs. '' Ryback said The Miz 's consistency helped him to reach the status he 's at now . He respects The Miz for enduring the rough times in his career and is happy that he 's now being rewarded .
`` The best word to describe Miz is consistent . You know what you are going to get from The Miz . He has been doing it for a long time and I see that fans are finally appreciating him . He has always been great at people hating him , but now they are starting to like him , '' Ryback said . `` He has done really good for a long time . He has had some rough patches , but this is one of the things that I got into it with Triple H about ; you ca n't book me too bad , for too long because of the way that I look because it hurts . Miz is n't a big guy , or a small guy , he is an in-between guy . He can get away with being booked bad for a while , but he has always been consistent . I admire that he is getting a reality TV show with him and his wife . ''
If you use any of the quotes in this article , please credit Conversation With The Big Guy with an H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription .
Source : Conversation With The Big Guy
Peter Bahi contributed to this article .
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have listed starting pitcher Steven Matz as day to day , hopeful he will not miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger .
Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz is n't expected to go on the disabled list .
Matz was injured while swinging the bat Tuesday in the top of the fourth . The bat flew out of his hand and pushed his middle finger far back . Though he doubled , the pain was too much for him to pitch the bottom half of the inning and he left the game .
Callaway said Matz 's injury does n't compare to Noah Syndergaard 's , one that forced the ace to the disabled list on the same day with a strained ligament in his right index finger .
Plans to increase council tax bills and cuts are set to be debated by West Sussex county councillors later this week .
The authority has to plug a £41.6m budget gap in 2017/18 and is proposing to use £9.4m from reserves , make £16.8m of savings , and raise £15.4m through a 3.95 per cent increase in council tax , including a two per cent social care levy .
This will mean a Band D property in West Sussex will have to pay an extra £47.70 a year on top of any increases proposed by Sussex Police and district , borough , town and parish councils .
The budget for 2017/18 will be discussed by a meeting of all county councillors on Friday ( February 17 ) at County Hall in Chichester .
Louise Goldsmith , leader of the county council , said : “ As in previous years we have carefully looked at our budget and have made efficiencies and savings wherever possible . We have looked closely at what residents have told us is important to them and have made considered decisions about how to spend the funds we have available to us .
“ An increase in council tax is unfortunately inevitable if we want to protect frontline services . But we have kept the increase as low as possible in order to reduce the financial impact on our residents as much as we can . ”
According to the council the budget has been planned in line with the priorities of ‘ keeping you safe ' , ‘ providing education and schools ' and ‘ roads , buses and countryside ' , which were identified by residents last year in the ‘ What Matters to You ' survey .
The meeting will also hear about the proposed capital investments of £587m over the next five years including £203m for schools , £11m to improve the quality of footways and pavements , £13m on highways maintenance , £20m to work with adult social care providers to help develop the care market , £11m for equipment and fleet for the fire and rescue service , and £30m to support growth projects across the county .
Mrs Goldsmith added : “ Whilst we have been careful to make savings , we have also made sure to look for opportunities for investment to ensure West Sussex remains a great place to live and work . ”
The meeting will start at 10.30am . Members of the public are welcome to attend . The meeting will also be webcast at www.westsussex.gov.uk
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be amongst the first to know what 's going on .
1 ) Make our website your homepage
2 ) Like our Facebook page
3 ) Follow us on Twitter
4 ) Register with us by clicking on ‘ sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends - so they do n't miss out !
Always the first with your local news .
Be part of it .
Primark is never short of controversy , however , the high-street retailer has found itself in the middle of a storm on Twitter and it 's not over the latest Beauty and The Beast mug .
Funnily enough , the latest debate appears to be over how the store is pronounced .
Shoppers up and down the country have been left divided as to whether the store should be pronounced `` Pr-eye-mark '' or `` Pree-mark '' and it 's seen Twitter users butting heads - with some even threatening to cut family and friends out of their lives .
my mum says primeark instead of preemark , I think I 'm adopted — michael ( @ kickthetradgedy ) August 12 , 2017
ella actually pronounced primark like 'preemark ' i am dooone with her — krish ( @ ignorantsIut ) July 10 , 2017
What 's more , it seems to be North/South issue , with the store 's pronunciation varying depending on where you live .
I die when I hear northerners say Preemark — rif ( @ tafir117 ) August 10 , 2017
apparently the scots and people from ni say preemark too — pigwidgeon stan ( @ nicegal21 ) August 2 , 2017
Well , the debate has finally been solved and Primark cleared up the ongoing argument with a statement on their Frequently Asked Questions page , where they confirmed the store is pronounced `` Pr-eye-mark '' .
on the official primark website : pic.twitter.com/W6JgRDADIg — dont touch the water ( @ ahsaradayne ) August 2 , 2017
Finally ! Can we all calm down now ?
Grovetown , GA ( WJBF ) – One week away from the solar eclipse and it is tough to find the protective eye wear needed before the big day .
WJBF has been getting a lot of Facebook messages and email regarding where to look for the limited supply of ISO-compliant glasses , so we did a little digging .
NewsChannel 6 's Derrikia Young called some 30 stores around the CSRA and they all told her the same thing : “ We 're sold out ! ”
After hours of searching and calling , we found some at KJ 's Market in Grovetown . Store manager , Jorge Evans says the calls have been coming in all day long .
“ Every phone call or every other phone call has been about the glasses , ‘ do we have some ? ' or ‘ when will we have some ? ' , ” he said .
Shoppers say it 's a huge deal to grab these glasses because there wo n't be another eclipse of this magnitude in most of our lifetimes .
The driver of an SUV was killed Friday in a head-on collision with a big rig east of Petaluma in crash that closed the road for hours Friday evening .
The wreck was reported at 3:48 p.m. on Old Adobe Road between Frates and Casa Grande roads when a white Chevrolet Trailblazer heading south slammed into an empty grain truck , according to fire officials and dispatch logs .
The driver and sole occupant of the SUV , who was not identified , was pronounced dead at the crash site , said Herb Wandel , battalion chief for Rancho Adobe Fire Protection District .
CHP officials could not be reached for comment Friday evening .
But according to Wandel , the SUV must have been traveling fast to create the impact it did with the comparatively slow moving tanker truck .
The truck had recently passed through an intersection , Wandel said .
“ Clearly the truck driver tried to avoid the collision as best he could , ” Wandel said .
Initial reports of a fire near the entrance to the Petaluma Adobe State Historic Park were unfounded , but firefighters did need to absorb a significant amount of fuel and fluids from the vehicles , both of which were destroyed .
By JIMMY THE SAINT
Why did some many mainstream Republican leaders want Donald Trump to be finished with the Obama birther issue ? Has this matter really been settled ? Do n't Americans , Republicans and otherwise , want to know the truth about where Barack Obama was born ?
Here 's the reality : many establishment Republican bosses have wanted to distance themselves from an inordinate number of issues raised by Donald Trump . His confrontation with Obama about the gentleman 's birthplace is an old issue , but one that the moderate GOP faction was immediately terrified of and one that they still want shoved far in the closet . But this again begs the question – “ why ” ?
Why are the heads of the middle-of-the-road and left leaning GOPers so against Trump 's ( and many others ' ) legitimate questioning of Obam-A-The-Maybe-Immigrant ? One answer is that they fear the liberal media 's massive bias on this issue . They fear the “ conspiracy theory ” label . They fear that independents do n't buy into the very real possibility that Obama was born in Kenya . They fear that many Republicans do n't believe in this either . But they are wrong .
There is a high percentage of people who either outright believe that Obama was born abroad , or who think there is a substantial chance he was born off U.S. soil . And there is actually significant , credible evidence to substantiate such concerns .
Obama was not just reluctant , but actually refused , for years , to turn over his long form birth certificate . Now , ask “ why ” would he do that ? Why would a man running for President of the United States – a position that requires the office holder to be a natural-born U.S. citizen as one of its only mandates – refuse to present his birth certificate while he was running for the job ? Why would Obama , after he won the presidency and was living in the White House , continue to deny Americans the ability to see his birth certificate ? More so , why would the President of the United States waste an enormous amount of money and resources to defend lawsuits that were demanding he turn over his birth certificate ?
If Obama had an authentic American birth certificate , would n't the man avoid all the negative publicity connected to the worries that he was n't actually born in the states – and just present the damn document to the public ?
If Obama had an authentic American birth certificate , would n't he avoid all the lawsuits and simply offer up the piece of paper ?
If Obama had an authentic American birth certificate , would n't he want to put the voters at ease and prove he was American-born ? And disprove all the naysayers ?
Should people believe that he refused to turn over his birth certificate for all those years because of principle ? If so , what “ principle ” is satisfied by this stubbornness ? “ Principle ” certainly did n't obviate all the grave speculation of so many Americans . “ Principle ” did n't gain Obama credibility ; alternatively , it generated a growing viewpoint that the man is obstinate – and a fear that he really was n't born in Hawaii , to sate he claims to have been hatched .
Let 's get real here . If Obama indeed possessed an authentic birth certificate , proving that he was born in Hawaii , he would have immediately been forthcoming with it . Nobody would engage in lawsuits to earn the right to not turn it over . Nobody would purposely seek to endure the embarrassing scrutiny that a man campaigning to become president ( and then sitting as president ) is actually qualified to hold the office . No – nobody would do that . Any person in that position would just proffer the birth certificate – if he had it .
Now , this has all been the basic commonsense argument , evidencing that it is quite likely that Obama does not possess an authentic American birth certificate . And if he does n't own such a certificate , the logical conclusion is that the same is due to the fact that he was not born in the United States .
But wait , there 's more . There 's not just commonsense here . There is ample direct and circumstantial evidence that proves that the Barackster was not delivered unto America on Hawaiian grounds . Let 's start with Barack Hussein Obama 's own words . A confession that he was born in Kenya can be viewed on YouTube here .
There are numerous news reports that Obama 's grandmother , on his father 's side , says that she was present at his birth . But not in Hawaii – in Kenya .
In 1991 , literary agents promoting Barack Obama , published a booklet proclaiming that , “ Barack Obama , the first African-American president of Harvard Law Review , was born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii. ” The revelation of the booklet was first published in Breitbart.com .
A 2004 article titled “ Kenyan born Obama all set for US senate ” , published by the AP , stated “ Kenyan-born US Senate hopeful , Barack Obama , appeared set to take over the Illinois Senate seat after his main rival , Jack Ryan , dropped out of the race on Friday night amid a furor over lurid sex club allegations. ” Strangely , Obama apparently never refuted the highly-read article at that time .
Obama has refused to release scores of records pertaining to his stints at Columbia University and Harvard Law School . These records may indicate his actual place of birth . They also may reveal other nefarious matters – such as his true radical views . In an article published in The Blaze , Wayne Allyn Root , a former Libertarian vice presidential nominee and Obama Columbia classmate , said , “ If anyone should have questions about Obama 's record at Columbia University , it 's me . We both graduated ( according to Obama ) Columbia University , Class of '83 . We were both ( according to Obama ) Pre-Law and Political Science majors . And I thought I knew most everyone at Columbia . I certainly thought I 'd heard of all of my fellow Political Science majors . But not Obama ( or as he was known then – Barry Soetoro ) . I never met him . Never saw him . Never even heard of him . And none of the classmates that I knew at Columbia have ever met him , saw him , or heard of him . But do n't take my word for it . The Wall Street Journal reported in 2008 that Fox News randomly called 400 of our Columbia classmates and never found one who had ever met Obama…I can only think of one answer that would explain this mystery . Here 's my gut belief : Obama got a leg up by being admitted to both Occidental and Columbia as a foreign exchange student . ”
The alleged certificate of live birth that surfaced during his 2008 campaign , and the alleged birth certificate ( provided by Obama in 2011 ) have both been debunked by numerous experts as fakes . A simple Google search reveals voluminous articles and videos that explain why the finally presented “ birth certificate ” is a forgery , just like the lesser certificate of live birth .
In 2008 , American Thinker posted a YouTube video produced by Molotov Mitchell , a credible filmmaker , which features a lawsuit filed by Philip Berg , a leading Pennsylvania Democrat lawyer ( a former state deputy attorney general ) . Although the video only documents the dispute through the summer of 2008 , it succinctly provides very convincing evidence that Obama was born abroad – and it identifies his proclivity to litigate rather than merely provide reliable verification of his alleged U.S. birth .
Interestingly , it was not just Donald Trump who fervently argued that Obama was not born in the United States . An original antagonist , who carried forward this birther issue with great tenacity , was none other than Hillary Clinton . See The Political Insider article , “ 7 News Stories from 2008 that PROVE Hillary Started Obama ‘ Birtherism ' – Media is LYING ! ” , for an enlightening dissertation .
Perhaps Barack Obama was born in Hawaii , but the same is doubtful . The evidence proving otherwise – commonsense , direct , and circumstantial – is rather substantial . Instead of avoiding the likely truth as an effort to cuddle up with the mainstream liberal media ( and for other reprehensible political reasons ) , the moderate Republican leadership should thank Donald Trump for his years of unyielding efforts . These complacent GOP members should n't have fought so hard to stifle him with the stigma of a “ conspiracy theorist ” as : ( 1 ) conspiracies many times are credible and true ; and ( 2 ) American voters deserve to have an unbiased presentation of evidence , wherein the truth can ultimately be revealed and known .
Jimmy The Saint is the former publisher of Empire State News , who now writes editorials for the publication , while he hunts , sings , and seeks the admiration of hot women from across the globe .
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE .
YOU MAY , HOWEVER , COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK .
The recently published report titled Global Parking Meters Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025 . It provides complete overview of Global Parking Meters considering all the major industry trends , market dynamics and competitive scenario .
The Global Parking Meters Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Parking Meters . It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions , market segmentation , end-use applications and industry chain analysis . The study on Global Parking Meters provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends , recent developments in the market and competitive landscape . Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market , their company profiles , product portfolio , capacity , production , and company financials . In addition , report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis . Research study on Global Parking Meters also discusses the opportunity areas for investors .
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market .
Click Here To Get Request Sample : http : //globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/343059
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Parking Meters
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Parking Meters
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client 's needs
Based on extensive research , we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here : Jay @ globalqyresearch.com or Sales @ globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Parking Meters Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Parking Meters
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Parking Meters
1.1.1 Definition of Parking Meters
1.1.2 Specifications of Parking Meters
1.2 Classification of Parking Meters
1.2.1 Parking Meters
1.2.2 Parking Kiosks
1.3 Applications of Parking Meters
1.3.1 Airport
1.3.2 Application 2
1.3.3 Station
1.3.4 Government Institutions
1.3.5 Others
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Parking Meters
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Parking Meters
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Parking Meters
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Parking Meters
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Parking Meters
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Parking Meters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Parking Meters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R & D Status and Technology Source of Global Parking Meters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Parking Meters Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Parking Meters Overall Market Overview
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Parking Meters Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Parking Meters Capacity Analysis ( Company Segment )
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Parking Meters Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Parking Meters Sales Analysis ( Company Segment )
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Parking Meters Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Parking Meters Sales Price Analysis ( Company Segment )
5 Parking Meters Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Parking Meters Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Parking Meters Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Parking Meters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Parking Meters Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Parking Meters Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Parking Meters Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Parking Meters Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Parking Meters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Parking Meters Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Parking Meters Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Parking Meters Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Parking Meters Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Parking Meters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Parking Meters Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Parking Meters Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Parking Meters Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Parking Meters Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Parking Meters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Parking Meters Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Parking Meters Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Parking Meters Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Parking Meters Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Parking Meters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Parking Meters Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Parking Meters Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Parking Meters Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Parking Meters Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Parking Meters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Parking Meters Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Parking Meters Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Parking Meters Segment Market Analysis ( by Type )
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Parking Meters Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Parking Meters Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Parking Meters Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 Parking Meters of Parking Meters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 Parking Kiosks of Parking Meters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Parking Meters Segment Market Analysis ( by Application )
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Parking Meters Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Parking Meters Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Parking Meters Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Airport of Parking Meters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Application 2 Parking Meters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.3 Station of Parking Meters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.4 Government Institutions of Parking Meters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.5 Others of Parking Meters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Parking Meters
8.1 Cale Access AB
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 Cale Access AB 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 Cale Access AB 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 CivicSmart , Inc .
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 CivicSmart , Inc. 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 CivicSmart , Inc. 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 IPS Group , Inc .
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 IPS Group , Inc. 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 IPS Group , Inc. 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 LocoMobi Inc
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 LocoMobi Inc 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 LocoMobi Inc 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 J.J. MacKay Canada Limited
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 J.J. MacKay Canada Limited 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 J.J. MacKay Canada Limited 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 METRIC Group Ltd
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 METRIC Group Ltd 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 METRIC Group Ltd 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 Parkeon S.A.S .
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 Parkeon S.A.S . 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 Parkeon S.A.S . 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 Parking BOXX
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 Parking BOXX 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 Parking BOXX 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 POM Inc .
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 POM Inc. 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 POM Inc. 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 Ventek International
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 Ventek International 2016 Parking Meters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 Ventek International 2016 Parking Meters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.11 Worldwide Parking , Inc .
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Parking Meters Market
9.1 Global Parking Meters Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Parking Meters Market Size ( Volume and Value ) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Parking Meters Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Parking Meters Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Parking Meters Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Parking Meters Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Parking Meters Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Parking Meters Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Parking Meters Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Parking Meters Consumption Forecast
9.3 Parking Meters Market Trend ( Product Type )
9.4 Parking Meters Market Trend ( Application )
10 Parking Meters Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Parking Meters Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Parking Meters International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Parking Meters by Region
10.4 Parking Meters Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Parking Meters
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Parking Meters Market Professional Survey Report 2018
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report : http : //globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/343059
About Us :
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs . Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe . Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare , Information and Communication Technology ( ICT ) , Technology and Media , Chemicals , Materials , Energy , Heavy Industry , etc . With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports , we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs .
Contact Us :
Unit1 , 26 Cleveland Road , South Woodford , London , E182AN , United Kingdom
Contact : +44 20 3239 2407
The Killers have released a new single titled “ The Man . ”
Related : The Killers Perform New Track , ‘ Run for Cover '
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born ( assuming you do n't count their 2016 Christmas album Do n't Waste Your Wishes ) . Hopefully , this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent .
Check out the latest from The Killers below .
😻🙈 First Grade
A post shared by AngeliqueBURBU ( @ angeliqueburbu ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 5:04am PDT
Iceland could hold a referendum on joining the EU if new negotiations on forming a coalition government are successful , the head of one of the three parties involved in the talks said Monday .
Elections in October in which no party won a majority were followed by weeks of failed negotiations between the conservative Independence Party and the center-right Reform party and Bright Future , AFP reported .
Bright Future leader Ottarr Proppe said new talks launched Monday have been more successful on the long-disputed issues of fishing and EU membership .
`` We have reached a certain settlement on ideas , including this one , '' Proppe told public broadcaster RUV , referring to holding a referendum on whether the Nordic nation should resume its stalled EU accession process .
After the economic collapse of 2008 , Iceland launched EU membership negotiations in 2009 amid a perceived need for political and monetary security .
But Iceland suspended the accession talks in 2013 and withdrew its EU application in a letter to the European Commission in 2015 .
While a majority in the nation of more than 330,000 people are against EU membership , they are in favor of holding a referendum on the issue .
The latest political negotiations are the second attempt by the three parties to form a government after the October 29 election , triggered by the Panama Papers scandal .
Talks collapsed in November when the three parties failed to find common ground over a range of divisive issues , including institutional reform , fishing and relations with the EU .
`` If there is something one has learnt these past two months it 's that nothing is ready until it is ready '' , Proppe told RUV .
John Malkovich stars as the suave Austrian serial killer Jack Unterweger in the West Coast premiere of The Infernal Comedy : Confessions of a Serial Killer , part of UCSB Arts & Lectures ' fall lineup .
The show is written and directed by Michael Sturminger , with music direction and concept by Martin Haselböck , music director of the ensemble Musica Angelica .
Billed as “ a stage play for Baroque orchestra , two sopranos and an actor , ” the show will play in Santa Barbara one night only , at 8 p.m. Monday at The Granada , 1214 State St .
If you want to believe in the possibility of rehabilitation , Unterweger 's story is a nightmare . In 1974 , he was convicted of murdering a German girl , whom he had strangled with her own bra , and sentenced to life in prison ( in Austria “ life ” means 25 years , with 15 years to parole ) . He was a model prisoner , to all appearance a thoroughly repentant and reformed character . He wrote short stories , poems , plays and an autobiography , Fegefeuer –- eine Reise ins Zuchthaus ( Purgatory—a trip to prison ) , the last of which was the basis for The Infernal Comedy .
So exemplary an inmate was Unterweger that Austrian intellectuals , including 2004 Nobel Prize winner Elfriede Jelinek , petitioned the government to pardon him . ( I might add that when the Nobel committee voted to award the literature prize to Jelinek , two of its members resigned in protest . ) Their petition was unsuccessful .
In 1991 , Unterweger , having served the requisite 15 years , was released on parole . He was now a celebrity , and hosted television programs that discussed criminal rehabilitation . ( The Infernal Comedy sets Unterweger 's story in the context of a book tour . ) He also resumed his career as a murderer almost immediately , killing six Austrian prostitutes in his first year out , plus a probable three more in Los Angeles , where he was sent — if you can believe it — by an Austrian magazine , to write about the different attitudes about prostitution in the United States and Austria .
In 1992 , he was arrested by the Austrian police and charged with 11 murders . A jury convicted him of nine of the killings , and he was sentenced to life without parole . That same evening , he hanged himself in his cell . Because he died before he could appeal his convictions , he remains officially innocent under Austrian law .
Set to the music of Beethoven , Haydn , Mozart and others , performed by the esteemed Santa Monica baroque ensemble , Musica Angelica , the play tells its bizarre , macabre story through monologues and arias . It is essentially a one character show , with guest victims .
Before seeing it , just about the only thing that does n't baffle me about The Infernal Comedy is the choice of Malkovich to play Unterweger . I 'm sure it will be witty and entertaining . I 'm sure the music will be beautiful , and exquisitely performed . I 'm sure that Malkovich will be spell-binding . But , why ... ?
Tickets are $ 43 , $ 58 , $ 78 and $ 153 ( general public ) ; $ 28 ( UCSB students with valid ID ) . Click here to purchase tickets online , or call UCSB Arts & Lectures at 805.893.3535 .
Click here to purchase tickets online through The Granada , or call 805.899.2222 .
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer . He can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
The Kelowna Art Gallery is showcasing a Penticton artist for the next few months .
Immaculate Deception , by Johann Wessels , features a series of relics and artifacts the artist has meticulously crafted and explores how art can trick both the eye and the mind to seduce and persuade its viewers , according to an art gallery news release .
In the exhibition , Wessels has taken a closer look at Western art symbols , reconstructing them in new and imagined ways , to draw attention to the value and status people have assigned to these icons and objects . The resulting works range from relics that appear to have been constructed in ancient times from natural materials like wood or rock , to painted depictions of artifacts that are glossy , rich , and ornate , said the release .
Visitors will have the opportunity to explore this exhibition themselves and can see how the artist has employed his arsenal of artistic tools to fool the viewer and reveal thrilling old tricks .
The exhibition is on view through July 8 , in Reynold 's gallery space , at the art gallery .
Born in South Africa , Wessels attended the University of the Freestate and graduated with a BA in Fine Art with majors in Printmaking , Drawing , and History of Art . Wessels taught printmaking and history of art at universities across South Africa . He also worked in the Canadian film and television business as an artist for many years . He now focuses his attention on fine art , said the release .
For more information about current exhibitions , public programming , or special events , please visit www.kelownaartgallery.com or call 250-762-2226 .
To report a typo , email : edit @ kelownacapnews.com .
edit @ kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
First word
I THINK this is the reason why Comelec Chairman Andres Bautista burst into tears when he finally talked about his alleged hidden wealth and his wife 's charges on television .
His resignation from his constitutional office , which many are calling for and now predict , will not extinguish his liability for the hidden wealth and his non-disclosure of assets in his statement of assets , liabilities and net worth ( SALN ) .
Extinguishing criminal liability
The anguish is piercing when framed against a fairly recent tragedy in Philippine public life .
In February 2011 , when former AFP chief of staff and defense secretary Angelo Reyes took his own life by his mother 's graveside , following his merciless roasting on live TV during a Senate hearing on military corruption , his shocking death provided a measure of release .
In the words of Sen. Miriam Defensor Santiago at the time : “ Reyes died with the presumption of innocence on his side since he never went to trial . His death extinguishes all civil and criminal liability on his part . Whatever he knows , he takes with him to his grave . ”
The Senate hearings on military corruption shut down . Many questions were left unanswered . The investigating committee forgot to submit a full committee report on its inquiry . Reyes ' suicide shocked them all into silence .
If Bautista finds the heart and the guts to resign , he will find that his ordeal is not similarly lifted by his resignation … or his tears .
The cases for hidden wealth and other charges will continue to hound him after he leaves office .
His country and his countrymen must still bear the pangs and consequences of an electoral system that was corrupted and compromised by fraud , bad leadership and mismanagement of the 2016 elections .
And then there will still be his wife Patricia to face , backed by lawyers , who are hungry to collect their fees .
Resignation kills impeachment
The only relief that I can see is the likelihood that the House of Representatives will lose interest in approving an impeachment complaint against Bautista .
Why would the nation 's representatives impeach a public official from an office that he has already left ? Why would the taxpayers allow such a travesty ? Even Oliver Lozano , the perennial filer of impeachment cases , will lose interest .
Strangely , however , Senate President Koko Pimentel , in one of his flights of illogic , declared on TV yesterday that the Senate 's being the impeachment court should not disqualify the chamber from conducting an investigation of Bautista and his hidden wealth .
If such an inquiry happens , even when there is no impeachment action against the chairman , the inquiry will be strictly for camera time . Or worse , the senators may be fantasizing that they will get another DAP bonanza for their efforts , just as President Aquino rewarded them for convicting Corona .
I doubt whether Pimentel , Gordon , Lacson , et al can keep a straight face with this joke . Even Antonio Trillanes will blush .
AMLC , BIR join the probe
One clear indication that the investigation of Bautista 's hidden wealth will continue , regardless of resignation , is the growing line of agencies that are joining the probe .
The Anti-Money Laundering Council ( AMLC ) and the Bureau of Internal Revenue ( BIR ) have expressed their intent to join the investigation of Bautista . Each will use its power to get to the bottom of the mysterious wealth and multiple deposits , and then each will threaten to file its own charges .
Perhaps most grim is the entry of the BIR . The tax agency will investigate Bautista to determine the truth of the alleged P1 billion in undeclared assets , and whether he paid taxes on them .
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre 2ndhas met with BIR Commissioner Cesar Dulay to discuss the scope of the investigation and to share with him the documents and findings of the National Bureau of Investigation ( NBI ) . “ We need to see if there are tax liabilities based on the affidavit and documents we have gathered , ” Aguirre said .
The NBI , through its Anti-Fraud Division , has informed Aguirre that it has already started its investigation .
Based on the progress report submitted to Aguirre , the NBI has coordinated with various agencies , including the AMLC , to examine the more than 30 bank accounts exposed by Mrs. Patricia Bautista .
The NBI said it has asked AMLC to conduct a parallel money laundering investigation .
The NBI is also coordinating with the Presidential Commission on Good Government ( PCGG ) , which Bautista previously headed from 2010 to 2015 .
The NBI has also been in touch with the Office of the Ombudsman for Bautista 's statement of assets , liabilities and net worth ( SALN ) . They also coordinated with the Land Registration Authority ( LRA ) , Land Transportation Office ( LTO ) , Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , Philippine Stock Exchange ( PSE ) and various property developers .
Like the story of Job
The list of actions is depressing . I read online a summary of Bautista 's problems that crystallized for me the extent of what he is facing . You will find it in the blog site called “ Thinking Pinoy. ” This one is really sad .
Who is the person so integral and impervious that no amount of probing of his life will not bend him ?
Bautista 's ordeal parallels the story of Job in the Bible and the many trials he underwent before he could go on to live 140 years .
I now hope that the offer of Bautista 's brother to take ownership of all his undeclared deposits and assets will strike a spark , because if it proves a dud , it could break the chairman .
In an interview with GMA News , Bautista 's brother , Dr. Martin Bautista , declared that his family is willing to waive their bank secrecy privileges to disprove the allegations made by Patricia .
“ I want to prove to the world that my brother legally earned his money before he went into government service , in August of 2010 , ” the Oklahoma-based doctor said .
Doing the right thing
One of the most convincing definitions of integrity I have ever read is this one : “ Integrity is doing the right thing. ” Two ethics writers have defined it that way .
The biggest irony in Bautista 's otherwise successful life and career , is that all these headaches of his life would not have happened hadBautista had the integrity to do the right thing , first by his wife and children ; second by the public offices he served ; and third by the people whose elections he was appointed to manage .
Patricia 's lawyers tell us that there was a settlement agreement between Andy and Patricia that was ready for signature , but at the last minute it was cancelled , because Bautista and his lawyers made the absurd demand that she should say that she lied . As a consequence , the agreement was abandoned . And soon enough , the hidden wealth was exposed complete with documentation .
Had Bautista done the right thing by Patricia and their four children , there would have been no allegation of hidden wealth .
Had Bautista done the right thing by the two offices he served , the PCGG and the Comelec , there would be no fraudulent payments to answer for .
Had he ensured the integrity of the 2016 election , and said “ No ” to President Benigno Aquino 3rd and Smartmatic , he will not be standing at the center of perhaps the biggest scandal of all—the rigging of the 2016 elections .
When the election inquiry comes , and it will surely come , Bautista will be in it as both witness and respondent . Even his Liberal allies in the Senate will spurn him , because they now fear that they may lose their elective posts if the rigging of the vote is proved .
yenmakabenta @ yahoo.com
Tesla is looking to make clean , efficient energy more accessible than ever . Previously , you could only buy the company 's solar panels and massive Powerwall battery packs through their website but that 's about to change .
According to a recent Bloomberg report , the tech company will soon be bringing solar panels and Powerwalls to 800 Home Depot locations across the US . This would be the first time Tesla has collaborated with a major US retail chain to sell their products .
The company is n't going to leave control entirely in the hands of Home Depot . Instead of simply throwing their products on store shelves , Tesla will reportedly be selling their tech at designated `` Tesla-branded selling spaces '' in Home Depots . These areas will be manned by official Tesla staff trained to address customer questions and concerns .
That said , wider availability does not equal affordability . There 's no denying that Tesla 's solar panels and Powerwalls are pricey pieces of tech . According to Bloomberg , the average cost of a solar panel system from Tesla is $ 10,000 to $ 25,000 with Powerwalls costing $ 7,000 each .
For an entire roof made of solar panels , Tesla 's appropriately named `` Solar Roof '' technology will also be hitting the market -- though not necessarily Home Depot -- for $ 52,000 on average .
Unfortunately , Tesla has n't announced when this upcoming retail product rollout might occur so do n't expect to see Powerwalls lining the shelves of your local Home Depot anytime soon .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The owner of a dog who was left severely matted and covered in dreadlocks after years of neglect has been banned from keeping animals for life .
Paul Padmore , aged 58 , of Kipling Road , Willenhall , appeared at Birmingham Magistrates ' Court on December 4 , where he pleaded guilty to failing to meet the needs of the Yorkshire terrier named Poppy .
The court heard that the RSPCA became involved after a member of the public contacted the animal charity with concerns about the dog 's welfare .
( Image : RSPCA )
When RSPCA inspector Beth Boyd attended , she was shocked by the state of 13-year-old Poppy .
“ Poppy was completely covered in dreadlocks on every part of her body , ” said inspector Boyd .
“ She was even struggling to walk because of all the dreadlocks .
“ Padmore admitted that he had never brushed or groomed her the whole time he had her , which was years .
“ Not only was her fur in a poor condition , but also her claws were overgrown .
“ Initially she was quite aggressive but as soon as we got her to a vet her temperament changed completely and she became gentler to handle . She was clearly very uncomfortable . ”
( Image : RSPCA )
The dreadlocks were sheared off her at the vets and , in total , the amount of fur which came off her was around 2kg . Many of the dreadlocks were around 13.5 inches in length .
“ This was purely long-term neglect , ” inspector Boyd added .
“ There is no excuse for a dog to be left in this condition . It would have made her quality of life virtually non-existent . ”
( Image : RSPCA )
Poppy was signed over into the RSPCA 's care and was rehomed to a loving new owner . But sadly , just weeks after going to her new home , Poppy developed a serious spinal injury and was put to sleep to end her suffering .
“ It 's sad that she died so soon after going to a new home , but she spent her last few weeks with a loving owner , ” said inspector Boyd .
As well as being disqualified from keeping animals for life , Padmore was given a six-week community order and was ordered to pay costs of £100 and an £85 victim surcharge .
The White House is narrowing its list of candidates to replace former national security adviser Michael Flynn and has already interviewed former CENTCOM deputy director Robert Harward about the vacancy , according to a senior administration official .
The official said they spoke to Harward last week and again on Monday .
`` We 've been getting our ducks in a row for a long time , '' the official said .
The comments indicate that Flynn 's exit had been anticipated for some time as controversy swirled around his conversation with the Russian ambassador during the White House transition and his subsequent comments that misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations .
Trump asked for Flynn 's resignation on Monday night , citing an `` evolving and eroding level of trust , '' White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday 's briefing .
Spicer told reporters Tuesday evening that the administration hopes to announce a replacement by the end of the week . But he cautioned that Trump has not yet made a decision .
Robert Harward is a retired Navy vice-admiral who was the deputy director of the U.S. Central Command under now-Defense Secretary James Mattis during the Obama administration . He served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration . As ABC News notes , Harward was the deputy commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command and led Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghanistan . He also led troops in Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks .
Harward is currently the Chief Executive for Lockheed Martin operations in the United Arab Emirates . He 's the son of a Naval officer and grew up in Iran , graduated from the Tehran American School . He speaks Farsi .
Other candidates believed to be under consideration for the job are former CIA director and retired four-star Gen. David Petraeus and Keith Kellogg , a retired lieutenant general who was named the acting national security adviser after Flynn 's resignation .
Petraeus would be a controversial choice given the scandal that caused him to resign in 2009 as head of the CIA . He pleaded guilty in 2015 to sharing classified information with his biographer Paula Broadwell , with whom he was having an extramarital affair . Petraeus was given two years probation ( which runs through April of this year ) and had to pay a $ 100,000 fine , but he avoided jail time due to a plea deal . Petraeus met with Trump during the transition and was in the mix to be Secretary of State . Before his fall from grace , Petraeus was a widely-respected general who helped lead military US strategies in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Kellogg is a retired three-star Army lieutenant general who was a foreign policy adviser to Trump 's campaign . As NPR 's Tom Bowman noted , he served in the Vietnam War with 101st Airborne Division and was commander of the 82nd Airborne . Kellogg also served in Iraq as a leader with the Coalition Provisional Authority , the interim government after the fall of Saddam Hussein .
Several homeowners make the time and the effort to maintain their gardens themselves ; it is a sense of achievement and a matter of pride to have a healthy and green garden space that is well looked after . However , not all of us have the proverbial green thumb or perhaps not everyone can spare the time for garden and lawn maintenance . A lack of time or lack of gardening knowledge can be a stumbling block even if you 'd love to have a beautiful lawn , but then , that 's why you have professional lawn maintenance services .
One of the top reasons why lawn maintenance services are needed is to keep your lawn and garden in excellent shape all through the year . A well-kept lawn not only adds beauty to your home but increases its value too . By maintaining a healthy yard , you are indirectly increasing the saleable value of your property . Lawn maintenance services do a professional job for you since they are the experts and they also have the right equipment required to achieve this objective .
Most of us are struggling with our daily schedules which often make it impossible to find time to mow the lawn or tend to the garden . Without regular lawn maintenance the yard will be quick to overgrow and become unmanageable . It is important to have a regular lawn mowing and garden maintenance schedule to keep it in shape . This becomes easier when you hire lawn maintenance services who come in at regular intervals to do the job . Thus , lawn maintenance services save you the time as well as the physical effort you would have to put in to maintain your yard .
Achieving a green , healthy lawn can be a challenge for folks who do n't know the tricks of lawn care so the next best option is to hire Garden Clean Ups Silkstone . Lawn maintenance services are needed to do a professional job on your yard . Service providers like Fox Mowing have several years of experience in lawn care and maintaining gardens . They also have well trained staff and the right equipment for the job .
Purchasing garden and lawn care equipment can be expensive . And then , there is the issue of storing and maintaining this equipment . Spending on lawn maintenance services on the other hand reduces such hassles as well as the extra costs you would otherwise have to bear looking after the gardening tools .
Fox Mowing , Queensland is one of the top lawn maintenance services in Australia who provide all types of garden care including Gardening Services Regents Park , trimming , fertilising , and weed and pest control for your lawn . They also offer the best care for your garden like planting , pruning , fertilising , etc . Their services also include garden clean-up , gutter cleaning as well as landscaping . Visit http : //foxmowingqld.com.au to get in touch with them for a quick quote .
Former Ukip leader Nigel Farage has said Theresa May is the single biggest problem facing Brexit and that she does not believe in it .
The MEP told students in Trinity College Dublin the UK 's split from Europe will happen but he does not expect it to be on terms he would like .
Fielding questions at the university 's historical society , Mr Farage also said he did not think that Brexit would ultimately be on terms that favour Ireland .
“ We 've got one really big problem with Brexit and she 's called Theresa May , who I think is the worst Prime Minister I 've ever seen in my lifetime , ” Mr Farge said .
“ She 's really bad . She does n't believe in it . We 've picked this fork in the road and she 's trying to straddle both positions .
“ She 's trying to keep together a warring Tory party who 've had problems with this issue for over 40 years . ”
Mr Farage said Britain was “ limping towards Brexit very , very slowly ” .
“ My guess is that Brexit will happen , ” he said .
“ We will leave the European Union but I suspect not on the terms that I would have liked but I 'm also beginning to think it will be on terms that Ireland wo n't like because the one country that gets the most affected by Brexit after the United Kingdom is the Republic of Ireland . ”
The MEP said Taoiseach Leo Varadkar was a very good operator .
“ He 's a real smoothy , he 's a bit like the Irish Tony Blair . That 's a compliment , ” he said .
“ It seems to me in these negotiations he 's taking the Brussels side of this against Britain and not the one that 's in the best interests of this country . ”
He said he was sometimes likened to Adolf Hitler because of his views .
“ I got involved in politics to fight against EU membership because I 'm a democrat that believes in free markets , believes in international trade , believes in controlling our borders and yet to listen to mainstream press you 'd think I was possibly the reincarnation of Adolf Hitler , ” he said .
Mr Farage is in Dublin to attend an Irexit conference in Dublin on Saturday , where he is due to deliver the keynote address .
Other speakers include Dr Anthony Coughlan of Trinity College , Dr Karen Devine of Dublin City University , commentator Cormac Lucey and journalist John Waters .
– PA
Share it :
Do n't Miss
Two co-workers in this IT department are locked in not-quite-mortal combat over one of the highest-stakes elements of their professional lives , reports a pilot fish on the scene : the office temperature .
`` One was a petite lady in QA named Betty , who was constantly cold , '' fish says . `` She wore a shawl and turned the thermostat up .
`` The other was Fred , a big , burly programmer who -- despite wearing short sleeves -- was always hot . He sweated profusely and turned the thermostat down .
`` Every day , they 'd set the thermostat up , then down . Up and down .
`` The rest of us were either slightly bemused or annoyed by the ongoing feud . We 'd try to intercede and find a reasonable compromise . Over time , though , the two thermostat warriors became increasingly hostile towards each other . We went from bemused to concerned .
`` Then one day , Betty approached me . ' I ca n't believe the nerve of Fred ! ' she said . 'He emailed me his resume and asked me if he could use me as a reference ! I ca n't stand him , let alone give him any sort of reference ! '
`` I asked , You 'd like to get rid of him , right ?
`` 'More than anything ! ' she replied , with her arms folded . She looked cold .
`` Then give him a glowing recommendation , I advised her . If he gets hired by another company , he 'll be out of here in two weeks .
`` I could see a lightbulb go on over her head .
`` And Fred gave his two weeks ' notice at the end of the week . Problem solved ! ''
Sharky still has the same problem : Getting enough true tales of IT life . Send me yours at sharky @ computerworld.com . You 'll score a sharp Shark shirt every time I use one . Comment on today 's tale at Sharky 's Google+ community , and read thousands of great old tales in the Sharkives .
Get Sharky 's outtakes from the IT Theater of the Absurd delivered directly to your Inbox . Subscribe now to the Daily Shark Newsletter .
Active good action for Russia , for the world ! President , people in Russian Federation say : we like our team , we love our team ; we like our country , we love our country ; we like the world , we love the world ; we are strong to make good world ! We can build good relations with all good people in all countries ; together we can be real World 's Olympic champions . We can build good relations with all good people . We can do good economics , good social activity to do good situation in the country , in the world . Good relations for peoples is a good way for making good world . GUIDES ( Anatoliy Golod : General Director in GUIDES : General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service ) creates the good action to help to do good ways to do good world . You can call to GUIDES for many great good news .
Also , if you like Olympic games , you can help to do it really good ; team from Russia is rather good . The Olympic games will not be representative without Russian team . So , journalists , society in every country can help to say : we want real good event on Olympic games , team from Russia should be allowed to be on Olympic games . The most sportsmen do n't use dope ; but few sportsmen use dope in every big country team , so it is not the reason to remove the team from any country . So , the teams , all good sportsmen must be allowed to be on Olympic games . Obviously , opposite decisions are just for the politics . But we need good decisions for peoples , for society , for good politics , for making good relations , good situations in the world , we need good politics ! We should to talk about it these days or every country , every team can get different decisions in many spheres ( you know , many spheres use precedent 's practice , that 's real reason what for conflict structures are lobbying to make sanctions for whole countries , for whole spheres ) . So , we should say that we need good decisions for all good oriented persons ; we do n't need to remove good countries , good persons from the job on Olympic games , in any sphere , but really actual to remove bad oriented structures . You know , everybody knows it , it really has big program weight . So , we have to develop all good oriented projects , we have to help to all good oriented persons , to improve casual problems , to do good results , to make the world good . Good relations for peoples is a good way for making good world . GUIDES ( Anatoliy Golod : General Director in GUIDES : General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service ) creates the good action to help to do good ways to do good world . You can call to GUIDES for many great good news , to help to do good politics , good social , economic , informational politics , good activities . Together we really can do good world !
Also it is necessary to take attention to do that all telephone calls will come to addressees ; because bad structures have big networked in many countries for blocking advertising calls to many companies : different percent ( 10 to 100 ) for different companies , but almost for every company , they use it to change economic , social activities ( bad structures use it to change economic activity , but also to control mass media , because advertisers do n't pay much for advertising if they do n't get result from advertising , then mass media are not so independent how they can be when they have good advertising budgets ) ; so , if you take attention , it is possible to make that all telephone calls will come very good , it will make good social , economic results for people , for many companies , for mass media in all countries .
RUSSIA CREATES WORLDWIDE SUPPORT . To make good relations and good situations in society in the world , the General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service ( GUIDES ) is created in Russia , in the world , for the world . It accumulates informational resources from the all world security services who want to make good situations in the world . That 's why it also names in mass media : the Central Intelligence Universe Agency ( CIUA , “ See I Are ” : “ I can see , You can see ” ; it is necessary to see each other , good communicate with each other to make good situations and good relations in society ) . Everybody should know that to make good situations in society there must be the real purpose , real reason for politicians , businessmen , for society , for all people .
Vladimir Putin , Donald Trump , Anatoliy Golod can meet to make good world !
When people read the news how GUIDES ( General director in GUIDES : Anatoliy Golod ) from Russia helped to Donald Trump on elections , people like original version : Donald Trump have got new father , who has arranged the son on prestigious work : President in the USA . Maybe Donald Trump will meet Anatoliy Golod to do more good results for good relations in the world .
People think that Presidents have much information , but you should know , that few advisors ( or their department 's members who give them information ) can strategically do order from different structures . So , it is necessary to give information so , that really make defense , really prevent conflicts , really do good relations in society . So , if you can , please give this message to Donald Trump also , we have to talk , we can improve world politics . * You know , that the structures , which organize conflicts pay to few departments directors in few official organizations . The conflicts are the guilt of the agents who impede to give the momentous information , because they impede to discuss information , which can help to prevent conflicts . So , if their agents will impede to give the message , everybody obviously can find good journalists , good agents in official organizations etc. , everybody can say , that you can give the message , to meet , to discuss the information more for good results . We have to write it , because conflict structures usually like to impede real work , their departments are lobbying conflicts to Trump , to many politicians , they want to expose that guilt are good structures who help to prevent conflicts . So , everybody can be active to help to give the information , we can really to meet , to help to prevent conflicts , to do good work for good relations in the world .
You can read more about this news :
https : //www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/434277-vladimir-putin-donald-trump-anatoliy-golod-can-meet-to-make-good-world.html “ Vladimir Putin , Donald Trump , Anatoliy Golod Can Meet To Make Good World ! ”
www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/410697 “ Crimea was in Russia , came back to Russia ” .
https : //www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/409711-real-god-almighty-plus-central-intelligence-universe-agency-improve-the-world.html “ Real God Almighty plus Central Intelligence Universe Agency improve the world ”
www.pressreleasepost.com/russia-ukraine-are-going-to-make-good-relations-doing-repost-you-can-help “ Russia , Ukraine are Going to Make Good Relations . Doing Repost , You can Help ! ”
www.prworld.org/content/vladimir-putin-donald-trump-anatoliy-golod-are-going-produce-good-world “ Vladimir Putin , Donald Trump , Anatoliy Golod Are Going To Produce Good World ”
http : //prsync.com/general-universal-information-defense-excellent-se/father-from-russia-has-helped-to-donald-trump-really-good-sensation-1639759/ “ Father from Russia has helped to Donald Trump ! Really good sensation ” .
https : //www.prlog.org/12614378-to-improve-economics-central-intelligence-universe-agency-guides-cyber-bios.html ( To Improve Economics ! Central Intelligence Universe Agency . Guides , Cyber Bios )
You can read super news :
www.supercyberking.com
www.akiber.com good communications ( Additional super data on Russian language : docs.google.com/document/d/1BE8BVZ69MNFZm2YjwHKRsbaeKxnaNG481tR-ZevAZts/pub )
GUIDES contacts :
+7 ( 495 ) 7604918 ; +7 ( 985 ) 7604918 ; +7 ( 965 ) 3188546 , +7 ( 903 ) 1621034 , +7 ( 926 ) 4107084 .
Web page in social media : www.facebook.com/GolodAnatoliy ; vk.com/id16741608 ; twitter.com/AnatoliyGolod ; Email : anatoliygolod @ mail.ru ; anatoliygolod @ superdobro.com
* All symbols , all numbers can help to make good connections , good communications for good relations , for good results , for to solve casual problems , to improve situations . It is momentous to make good connection , the communications must always work good . You also can call to the communication operator to improve connection .
Contact information :
Anatoliy Golod
General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service
Address : Moscow , Russian Federation
Phone : +7 ( 495 ) 7604918
Email : anatoliygolod @ superdobro.com
Website : http : //www.supercyberking.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police are searching for a man in connection with series of serious assaults .
Officers have put out an appeal saying : `` WANTED - Have you seen Joseph Donnelly ? ''
The 28-year-old is wanted for a series of serious assaults in Wolverhampton .
His last known address was in Willenhall , and he also has links to Wolverhampton .
A spokesman for West Midlands Police said : `` Enquiries to trace him are ongoing , if you 've seen him or know where he is staying please contact West Midlands Police on 101 . ''
To remain anonymous , contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
The latest labour market statistics have seen mixed news for the north of the county .
The number of people claiming Jobseeker 's Allowance ( JSA ) and universal credit has risen in Corby and Kettering , but dropped in Wellingborough and Rushden .
The latest figures , for February to April this year , show that the employment rate nationally has remained at a record high of 74.8 per cent .
In Corby , the employment rate is 75.9 per cent .
The JSA claimant count stands at 875 , up 9.4 per cent .
In Kettering , the employment rate is way above the national average at 82.2 per cent .
But the JSA claimant count has seen a slight increase , rising 1.4 per cent to 1,055 .
Rushden 's employment rate currently stands at 77.2 per cent .
The JSA claimant count has reduced by 2.5 per cent and now stands at 580 .
Wellingborough is the only area in the north of the county to have an employment rate below the national average at 72.3 per cent .
But the JSA claimant count has dropped by 5.3 per cent to 895 .
Commenting on the statistics for the East Midlands - which has seen a 0.4 per cent fall in unemployment - Secretary of State for Work and Pensions David Gauke said : “ This Government wants to give everyone the opportunity to succeed , regardless of where they live or their background .
“ This is yet another strong set of record-breaking figures with employment up and unemployment down , fuelled by full-time opportunities .
“ This is good news for families as we continue to build a stronger , fairer Britain . ”
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP ) — The first law enforcement officer in the U.S. ever to be charged with a terrorism offense is again scheduled for trial .
Jury selection begins Monday afternoon in federal court in Alexandria , Virginia , in the case against Nicholas Young , who was a police officer in the region 's Metro system when he was arrested last year in a government sting .
Prosecutors say Young bought nearly $ 250 in gift cards he intended for the Islamic State group , giving the cards to an individual who turned out to be an FBI source .
Young 's lawyers say the sting amounts to entrapment after their client was under surveillance for six years .
Advertisement
Documents show Young had been under surveillance since 2010 .
The trial had been expected to begin last week but was delayed when new evidence emerged .
A man accused of murder outside a supermarket in Northern Ireland “ directed ” the gunman to his target , police said .
Colin Horner , 35 , was stalked for up to 11 days before he was shot dead while putting his three-year-old son into his car in Bangor , Co Down , last May , a court was told .
Joseph Blair , 34 , was allegedly a passenger in a “ surveillance ” car which sat for hours outside Mr Horner 's home in the seaside town on the day of his death and followed him as he visited local shops , investigators said .
Blair is suspected of calling in the shooter while the victim was returning to his car in a busy Sainsbury 's car park .
A lone assailant fired five shots at him but has never been caught , a senior detective said .
Blair allegedly made a six-minute call to the gunman beforehand and mobile phone analysis and DNA evidence from the car was used to link him to the crime , the detective inspector told Newtownards Magistrates ' Court on Friday .
He said : “ The role that this individual played , we believe , was that as the passenger he would have directed the gunman to the scene . ”
There was an increased security presence as the accused , from Shackleton Walk in Newtownards , was led into the dock flanked by prison officers .
He was stoutly-built , slouched in his chair and wore a grey t-shirt and unbuttoned cardigan , nodding to confirm he understood the charges .
Blair is accused of murdering Mr Horner and possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life .
On the day of the attack , Mr Horner had travelled from his home to a nearby convenience store on the Rathgael Road .
The detective added : “ Police have evidence to show that the black Focus was directly behind the victim during that time .
“ Mr Blair makes a six-minute phone call , police would say to the gunman to direct them that the IP ( injured person or party ) is on the move . ”
The Ford Focus carrying Blair was just 30ft away when the shooting was later carried out , police said . It left the car park two minutes after the attack to pick up the gunman some miles away . The attack car had been torched .
Blair 's barrister summarised the case against his client , in which he is accused of being a passenger in the black Ford Focus “ in convoy with the injured person because it was carrying out surveillance work ” .
He said the mobile phone was central to the prosecution case but added it had been used by someone else in the period before the killing .
Two men aged 28 and 29 have already been charged with the murder .
Police can prove the movements of the mobile phone attributed to Blair through various cell site locations in close proximity to the victim when he was on the move on the afternoon of his death , the court was told .
His DNA was retrieved from the seat belt buckle of the passenger seat of the Focus .
District judge Austin Kennedy refused bail and Blair was remanded in custody until next month .
Time 's Up — the legal defense fund started this year in light of the # MeToo movement — has called on New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo to investigate reports that Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance mishandled a sexual assault investigation into Harvey Weinstein in 2015 .
The letter , first reported by the Cut , calls on the governor to review why Vance 's office did not prosecute Weinstein after Italian model Ambra Battilana filed a report with the NYPD alleging she had been groped and harassed by the Hollywood mogul .
NYPD investigators convinced Battilana to meet with Weinstein again while wearing a wire to record their conversation . The New Yorker published the recording from the sting operation in October 2017 . On the tape , Weinstein can be heard admitting to groping Battilana , saying , “ I 'm used to that . Come on . Please . ... I wo n't do it again . ''
A NYPD source told the New Yorker they had `` more than enough evidence to prosecute Weinstein , '' but Vance reportedly decided not to move forward in the case under the premise that there was n't enough to support a criminal charge .
The Time 's Up letter was sent after New York Magazine reported on Vance 's handling of the case . According to the report published last week , Vance 's office allegedly worked to undermine Battilana because they were `` gun-shy '' about prosecuting high-profile defendants .
`` Reports that District Attorney Cyrus Vance could have been improperly influenced by Mr. Weinstein and/or his representatives , and that senior officials within the DA 's office may have sought to intimidate Battilana are particularly disturbing and merit investigation , '' the Time 's Up letter reads . `` Similarly , reports that the New York Police Department chose to isolate Battilana from Vance 's staff because they feared his office was actively working to discredit her story demand immediate scrutiny . ''
Industry Overview :
Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021 ” Market Analysis , Scope , Stake , Progress , Trends and Forecast to 2021 .
BAE systems , Cobham , Honeywell , L-3 communications , Zodiac Aerospace , Curtiss-Wright , Dassault Aviation , Finmeccanica , Kongsberg Gruppen , and Orbit Technologies are some of the prominent players profiled in MRFR Analysis and are at the forefront of competition in the Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market .
Communication with the Fleet Communication System ( FCS ) is appreciated by trunked radio , cellular , or satellite communication . Telemetry technology is used extensively in FCS . The Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market is growing with the rapid pace ; mainly due to the transition towards efficient and low-cost telemetry systems .
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future , The global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period . The Market is forecasted to demonstrate a huge growth by 2021 , surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a moderate CAGR of 3 % during the anticipated period ( 2016 – 2021 ) .
Factors driving the market are growing demand of radio and satellite based telemetry for military & defence application , investment in R & D to develop control & communications systems , and utilization of UAV for remote sensing . Integration across all platforms for a seamless net-centric environment , where users will have access to real-time data and better accessibility to ground control stations , this technological trend would contribute to the market growth . Moreover , challenges that defence industry face push the pressure further up to improve productivity in the telemetry market , and respond to complex government regulations . A need for the frequency spectrum in this industry will revolutionize the aerospace & defence telemetry market in future providing impetus to the market growth .
However , issues related to C-band telemetry , noise due to interference , errors caused due to non-uniformity , and ongoing budget cuts would affect the market growth during the forecast period . In the future , the common methods in satellite communication for telematics will be based on RF communication infrastructure . Adversely , remote radio telemetry is projected to possess the hegemony of the Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market .
Many Aerospace & defence applications are custom designed around rotating machinery measurements for specific needs . Temperature , strain , pressure , vibration and torque can all be transmitted off of the shaft using single or multi-channel digital wireless techniques including Applications include , Aerodynamic and stress studies on helicopter blades , Measurement of torque and vibration on land and sea based propulsion systems , Gas turbine design verification and stress surveys , Torque measurements on aircraft engines during take-off , Stress and temperature testing on aircraft wheel and brake systems and Driveshaft torque testing on military ground vehicles
Competitive Analysis
The Market of Aerospace and Defence Telemetry appears to be highly competitive owing to the presence of numerous well-established players having international and global presence . Innovation , mergers & acquisitions , and brand reinforcement remain the key trends for the leading players . These key players compete based upon pricing , reputation and services . These players emphasis upon Spacecraft hardware . As computers and system become more advanced , the technology needed to make them more efficient , faster , and resistant to the environment becomes less expensive . Vendors strive to develop compact telemetry systems with the lower costing . Digital maps , which allow visualization of vehicle positions and traces is trending in this market and will play a significant role . Global economic uncertainty is prompting the key players operating in the market to region voice interests and concerns about telematics in the aerospace & defence sector and the Blue Ocean strategies in this sector will help telemetry grow at a rapid pace . To gain more competitive advantage in the market , these key players require more consolidation and integration of telemetry systems as a whole . Vendors operating in the market strive to provide a strong , supporting infrastructure with many years of on-time aerospace delivery experience , To Deliver configurable designs . From simple packaged sensors to multi-function integrated assemblies , To create integrated assemblies by providing sensing solutions to the aerospace industry by designing and delivering fully sealed , qualified products complete with a connector and mounting and manufacture rugged solutions . Field data proves these designs stand up to the rigors of pressure cycling , wash-down , temperature extremes , and high vibration
For further information on this report , visit @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aerospace-defense-telemetry-market
Industry News :
October 2017 , OSI Systems , Inc. ( Hawthorne , California ) announced that its Healthcare division , Spacelabs Healthcare , received an order valued at approximately $ 9 million to provide patient monitoring solutions and related accessories to a major U.S. medical center in the Midwest .
At the start of hurricane season , Levees.org is releasing its latest Myth Buster in a new video .
The Myth Buster video aims to dispel a stubborn myth - that local people in New Orleans are responsible for the levee failures during Hurricane Katrina .
FACT : Levee maintenance by local people had nothing to do with the levee failures in New Orleans thirteen years ago .
The Army Corps of Engineers has testified before Congress that the pre-Katrina levee boards received grades of `` outstanding '' for their levee maintenance for over 50 years .
In the post Katrina confusion , the levee boards were punished and then reorganized .
Levees.org discovered in a FOIA request that - for the past decade - the Army Corps gave the new Levee Authorities grades of `` minimally acceptable '' for their levee maintenance inspections every year .
Bottom line : Levees and floodwalls failed during Katrina due to design errors by the federal Army Corps . Not bad levee maintenance by local people .
Local organizations fight animal overpopulation
COLUMBIA - As the warm weather approaches , the number of unwanted litters increases , putting a burden on local shelters .
`` Dogs and cats can reproduce year round , but prime breeding time is early spring through late fall , '' Michelle Casey , the associate director of the Central Missouri Humane Society , said .
Jill Swain , a Board Member at No Kill Columbia , said her clinic sees animals who need spay/neuter services everyday . The clinic has treated more than 5,000 animals since it opened in April 2015 .
`` We have people that are traveling over an hour to get here for our services . ''
The local organizations are trying to use events and pricing specials during National Spay/Neuter Awareness Month in February to get the word out about the importance of spay and neutering animals .
No Kill Columbia is hosting its annual `` Spay-Ghetti Dinner '' Tuesday evening as a fundraiser for its low-cost spay/neuter services at First Presbyterian Church in Columbia . The evening will also include a silent auction and bake sale .
The Central Missouri Humane Society in Columbia is offering free spay/neuter services to cats of Boone County residents and feral/ community cats as well .
At the city level , the Columbia/Boone County Animal Control works with the Central Missouri Humane Society to provide spay/neuter vouchers for pet owners who can not afford the surgeries .
Casey said most local animal owners are n't sure when to have their animals spayed/neutered , which can lead to surprise litters . This contributes to the overpopulation of animals in the area .
`` Female cats can become pregnant by four months of age , dogs can become pregnant as early as five months . So some people will wait until they are a specific age and in the meantime they will end up getting pregnant . ''
The ASPCA estimates 3.9 million dogs and 3.4 million cats enter animal shelters every year . Only 10 percent of those animals have been spayed or neutered , creating a cycle .
Swain said the local situation is improving but there is more work to be done .
`` We certainly are n't done spaying and neutering the area . ''
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
And increasing the chances that users stumble down an algorithm-powered conspiracy video rabbit hole .
In the immediate aftermath of the Las Vegas shooting , Facebook and Google News faced harsh criticism for surfacing misinformation . But they were n't the only ones .
The video hinted at the possibility that the shooter was acting on behalf of the government or another agency . It has since been removed , but AMTV 's other shooting-related videos include `` What if Las Vegas Shooter was a Gov't Agent & Not a Madman . '' Meanwhile , a search for information on the gunman , Stephen Paddock , yielded videos from conspiracy sites attempting to politicize the shooting .
Throughout Monday , YouTube searches for the shooting were littered with results containing unproven theories trying to link the shooter to the anti-fascist movement . The 12th search result on YouTube for “ Las Vegas shooting ” rn is someone talking about an eyewitness ' body language… https : //t.co/xLwFcDHnzq
One possible explanation for the glut of conspiracy content in the aftermath of the shooting is that there was simply a lack of reliable information being uploaded — vetted news reports from trusted outlets often take longer . However , the problem persisted long after reliable reports were available : On Tuesday night — nearly 48 hours after the shooting began — YouTube was still surfacing conspiratorial content high in search results . A YouTube spokesperson provided BuzzFeed News with a statement touting its dedicated news page , which users would have to navigate to instead of simply searching for something like `` Vegas shooting . '' `` When it comes to news , we have thousands of news publishers that present a variety of viewpoints available on our news channel , www.youtube.com/news , '' the statement said . `` When a major news event happens , these sources are presented on the YouTube homepage under ‘ Breaking News ' and featured in search results , with the label ‘ Top News . ' ''
While none of the conspiracy videos appeared under the `` Top News '' label , YouTube 's site design creates some confusion . First , it only includes two `` Top News '' links ( users have to click to unfurl more ) , and the site displays the un-vetted news sources directly below . Thus , less reliable links can appear third in the results :
As of late Tuesday , the third result for `` Las Vegas shooting '' on YouTube was a video purporting to prove that the attack was a `` false flag . '' By Wednesday morning it had more than 1 million views . As a reader just pointed out , it 's been two days and the third YouTube result for `` las vegas shooting '' is a false f… https : //t.co/n8MB67W0D9 The video now appears to have been removed .
The high placement of conspiracy videos in search results is significant at a time when users are searching for reliable information about breaking news events . But perhaps most importantly , thanks to YouTube 's autoplay feature for recommended videos , when users watch one highly ranked conspiracy video , they 're more likely to stumble down an algorithm-powered conspiracy video rabbit hole .
The channel 's `` About '' page says it `` provides exclusive original content and interviews with some of the best known voices in the world of economics and precious metals . '' The video suggests that `` the mainstream media 's narrative that alleged shooter Stephen Paddock was a 'lone gunman ' is 100 % patently false '' ( despite no proof from law enforcement ) .
For its part , YouTube stands behind the varied opinions and views on its platform . After BuzzFeed News inquired about them , a number of the videos in question were suspended , though others are still searchable and some have hundreds of thousands of views . And while many of the videos may comply with YouTube 's community guidelines ( they do n't contain nudity , threats of violence , spam , or copyright infringement ) , they offer YouTube 's more than 1 billion monthly active users easy access to a vast array of factually incorrect and extremist content . Just keep clicking .
Charlie Warzel is a senior writer for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York . Warzel reports on and writes about the intersection of tech and culture . Contact Charlie Warzel at charlie.warzel @ buzzfeed.com . Got a confidential tip ? Submit it here .
News moves fast . Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email ! Sign up Great ! You 're almost there ! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now !
MARK CARRINGTON insists Wrexham will click and start creating chances .
Wrexham suffered a second defeat in three outings as the Reds lost 1-0 against Dover .
Despite making a promising start , the Reds rarely threatened a goal after going behind in the 18th minute , carving out few opportunities , but Carrington is adamant things will change .
“ We have n't created a lot of chances but it will come , ” said Carrington , the Reds ' vice captain and longest serving player in Dean Keates ' squad .
“ You always go through spells in the season and then you end up hitting someone for five along the way and it will all be forgotten .
“ I would n't worry about it too much , it is still early days . ”
Keates has revamped the squad over the summer but Carrington , pictured right , refuses to use the changes as an excuse .
“ It is difficult but we have got to adjust fast , ” said Carrington . “ We ca n't use that as an excuse , we have got to think fast and get it sorted . ”
Wrexham were aiming to build on their first win of the season against Maidenhead United but despite making a lively start , had no answer to Ryan Bird 's opener .
“ We started not bad the first 15 minutes and put them on the back foot , ” said Carrington .
“ After they scored , we tried to get back into it but it did n't really look like it was going to be our day .
“ Dover are good at what they do . They get it forward quickly and put you under pressure . We will just have to go again tomorrow against Gateshead . ”
On the goal , with the ball falling kindly for Bird in the area , Carrington said : “ It was another lucky ricochet like Tuesday and it fell to him in the box which you ca n't really do a lot about .
“ We have just got to stick our chances away , the couple that we had first half early doors .
“ The first game was 0-0 written all over it , just one chance . Today again was just one chance they had and scored .
“ Tuesday was a great win for us , it is just fine margins at the moment but I am sure we will iron them out ; when they start falling our way then we will go on a bit of a run . ”
Two expat Kiwi businessmen who participated in Balex Marine 's $ 330,000 equity crowdfunding last year have bought the automatic boat loader 's assets from the liquidator for an undisclosed sum .
Liquidators were appointed to the Tauranga-based company and its sister firm Suelex last month after Balex could n't find a new funding lifeline when high costs and slow sales had drained its coffers . The boat loader raised $ 330,000 through 80 investments via equity crowdfunder Snowball Effect in October , just above its minimum target . Participants included expat businessmen Daniel Given and Reon Oak , who run Hong Kong-based manufacturing and supply chain firm Gait International .
Given and Oak , Gait International 's managing director and China operations director respectively , bought the Balex assets including its intellectual property , stock and work in progress , they said in a statement yesterday . The assets will be poured into a new company - Balex Marine South Pacific - which will be based in Tauranga .
Gait International had already taken over the management and supply chain operations for Balex 's automatic boat loader , and Given said they plan to draw on their current business to support the new Balex .
Advertisement
The automatic boat loader `` is incredibly well engineered , utilises the best in high precision components and has already gained remarkable traction in the market , '' Given said . `` Reon and I only invest in companies that we really believe in and the Balex automatic boat loader is simply far too good to be allowed to fail . ''
Gait International is affiliated with Tauranga-based Gait Trading Co , which was set up by the Given family in 1989 as a wholesaler of residential locks and latches to the building sector , and is one of the country 's biggest importers and distributors of door hardware and locksmithing products , according to its website .
Given and Oak said they will continue to supply the boat loader to New Zealand and Australian boat manufacturers and marine dealers , and that the new entity is close to finalising a deal with a European distributor . It also plans to look at entering the US .
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on Thursday joined the lawsuit in Brooklyn federal court against President Trump 's executive order temporarily banning travel from seven Muslim-majority countries .
The AG 's motion to join the ever-growing proposed class action comes as lawyers for the Justice Department and lead plaintiffs Hameed Khalid Darweesh and Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi are slotted to face off in the same courthouse later Thursday .
“ Our proposed complaint describes how President Trump 's executive order is not only unconstitutional and fundamentally un-American , but also how it does profound harm to our families , our economy , and our educational and health care institutions , ” Schneiderman said a statement .
“ President Trump 's intent to discriminate against Muslims is clear , ” he continued . “ We will continue to use every tool at our disposal to fight this discriminatory ban and protect all those caught in the crossfire of its chaotic implementation . ”
Schneiderman 's motion asks the court to declare that the executive order in its entirety violates federal law and is fundamentally unconstitutional–and to prevent the Trump administration “ detaining , barring , or removing ” any individual under the order .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) – Alaska State Troopers have arrested a man suspected in a 2016 shooting death on the Alaska Peninsula .
Troopers say 32-year-old Ole Shangin is charged with first- and second-degree murder in the death of Joseph Peterson , who was shot and killed in Ivanof Bay .
An Anchorage court issued an arrest warrant for Shangin on Jan. 25 . Troopers in King Salmon on Wednesday traveled to Perryville , found Shangin and arrested him .
He 's being held without bail at the Anchorage jail . Online court records do not list his attorney .
Peterson was 31 when he died on July 17 , 2016 .
Troopers responding to a report of a shooting found Peterson dead at a home in Ivanof Bay , a village about 500 miles ( 804 kilometers ) southwest of Anchorage . Only seven people were recorded living there in the 2010 census .
Sanju : Ranbir Kapoor ने खोला 11 साल बाद बड़ा राज , `` मैंने भी नशे के लिए ... '' | FilmiBeat
Ranbir Kapoor is basking in the glory of his latest release Sanju and the movie has already made a whopping Rs 167.51 Crore at the box office . The Sanjay Dutt biopic shows the actor doing drugs , including using injections to get high and during an interview with Deccan Chronicle , Ranbir Kapoor revealed that he too did drugs during his younger days , but has stopped all of that . He stated that he 's addicted to something which is worse than drugs now and wants to stop it .
`` I have tried drugs when I was in college and got into bad influence . But I realised that nothing will happen in life if I continue with drugs . When we did that section , I did a lot of research . Every man makes mistakes in his life . I am addicted to nicotine now and it 's worse than drugs . And I have addiction for sweets as well . ''
Warm weather is an invitation to fire up the garden grill with family and friends but let 's face it – nothing ruins sunny weather like having food poisoning .
The common illness , which is caused by bacteria or other toxins hidden in contaminated food , can cause sudden onset nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , leaving you desperately in search of the nearest bathroom .
The UK suffers over a million cases of food poisoning a year according to the Food Standards Agency , and around 280,000 cases are caused by a bacteria called campylobacter .
While you can be struck down by it at any time of year , cases tend to peak in the summer months as the warmer weather creates the perfect breeding ground for bacteria to multiply .
So how best can you tuck into delicious barbecued food and make the most of the hot weather ? Here are a few preventative tips for staying safe in the sun .
Wash your hands
We all know that the first rule of cooking is to wash your hands thoroughly , but how many of us actually do it ? Before handling any food , make sure you clean your hands with antibacterial soap and water , and pat them dry with a towel .
Each time you handle raw food – such as meat , fish or eggs – you should always re-wash hands . The same goes for touching the bin , going to the toilet or handling pets .
Give hands a thorough scrub ( Thinkstock/PA )
Give worktops a good wipe
It 's not just your hands that need a thorough scrub ; the NHS advises wiping any surfaces you plan to use with either antibacterial spray or hot , soapy water , as well as washing knives , chopping boards and other utensils before use .
It 's also a good idea to wash your sink thoroughly too , as bacteria can easily be passed from plate to plate .
Use separate chopping boards
One of the easiest ways of spreading the most common food-borne bacteria is through cross-contamination . Avoid poisoning your dinner party by using different chopping boards and knives for preparing raw meats and assembling ready-to-eat dishes like salads .
Prepare raw meat on a separate chopping board ( Thinkstock/PA )
Keep raw meat separate
NHS advice says it 's especially important to keep raw meats , like chicken , pork and beef , away from ready-to-eat foods , such as salad , fruit and veg . This is because these foods wo n't be cooked before you tuck into them , so any bacteria that manages to find its way onto them wo n't be killed .
It 's wise to have a separate shelf on the fridge for raw meats , preferably at the bottom , where it ca n't touch or drip onto other foods .
Cook food thoroughly on the barbecue
Food safety begins with the chef , so make sure you know exactly how to cook meats properly before you start throwing them on the coals . Heat kills bacteria , so meat needs to be thoroughly cooked through on the grill .
Turn your meats regularly and check they 're ready by cutting into them – they should not be pink in the middle and the juices should run clear . If you 're still not sure , you can use a meat probe thermometer to check the temperature of your meat .
It 's a good idea to cook chicken in the oven prior to giving it a final grill on your barbecue – you 'll still get the smoky flavour , but you 'll be safe in the knowledge that it 's cooked all the way through .
Know your cooking times ( Thinkstock/PA )
Cool leftovers quickly
When it comes to hosting a barbecue , it 's easy to overestimate your guests ' appetite and cook too much food .
If you 're left with cooked food that you want to save , the NHS advises cooling it as quickly as possible ( within 90 minutes ) and storing it in the fridge or freezer . You should also use any leftovers from the fridge within two days .
What to do if you get food poisoning
Although unpleasant , most cases of food poisoning are mild and clear up in a few days . Symptoms to look out for include being sick , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach cramps , a high temperature and feeling fatigued .
The signs usually start between one and three days after eating infected food but , in rare cases , they can strike weeks later .
Most food poisoning cases clear up in a few days ( Thinkstock/PA )
To treat poisoning , you 're advised to drink mostly water in sips to avoid dehydration , and avoid solid foods and dairy products until the symptoms have cleared up . Once you are feeling better , you can ease into eating and drinking again by snacking on bland foods , such as crackers and toast .
Thankfully , you should feel better in a matter of days , with no lingering effects . However , you should make an appointment with your doctor if you have severe diarrhoea that lasts for more than three days , have frequent vomiting that lasts for more than two days or if you see blood in your stool .
© Press Association 2018
By Alhaji Saidu Kamara
Muslim groups across the country last Sunday 11th June 2017 offered special prayers for the late Ambassador to the United Arab Emirates , H.E . Ambassador Siray Alpha Timbo and the former President of the United Council of Imams in Sierra Leone , Alhaji Y.D . Kamara of blessed memory during the Fourth National Quranic Memorization Competition organized by the Foundation of Islamic Information ( FOISIL ) at the Fourah Bay College campus .
This year 's Quranic competition coincided with the establishment of An Arabic Language Department at FBC .
This year 's competition brings in four regions of Sierra Leone to compete in the memorization of the whole Quran and half of the Quran .
According to the Director of FOLSIL , Alhaji Abdul Latiff Kargbo the winner of the whole Quran recitation will qualify to represent Sierra Leone at the Dubai International Holy Quran Award 2018 .
He said Amadu Wurie Jalloh won last year 's Quranic competition and he is currently in Dubai as Sierra Leone 's representative of this year 's International Quran Board .
A senior official of FOISIL , Alhaji Ibrahim Jalloh Bah who is also the President of the Sierra Leone National Union in UAE Dubai said the late Amb . Siray Alpha Timbo was someone who stood firm to ensure that the National Quran Memorization competition received both national and international recognition . He said the late Ambassador is one of the founding fathers of FOISIL .
Prior to the Quranic competition , FOISIL recognized certain media houses and individuals for their contribution over the years towards the promotion of ideals of Islam .
After the competition , the Chief Judge , Sheikh Farouk Adam Bah announced the result of the following category the Whole Quran First position went to Mohamed B. Sowe of Western Area . A trip to Dubai , US $ 1000 cash and a brand-new Techno phone and one Osman Jalloh who came second won Le3m and Techno mobile phone while Alimu Bah Western Area came third and won Le1.5m while the fourth to eight positions received Le500,000 each .
TWENTY-FIVE people died when the bus they were riding fell into a ravine in Barangay Capintalan , Caranglan , Nueva Ecija around 11 a.m. Tuesday .
Caranglan chief of police Robert de Guzman said that the Leomarick bus with plate number AVZ 757 was traveling from Isabela province to Candon town in Ilocos Sur province when the accident happened .
Witnesses told the police that they saw the bus speeding downhill before it plunged into the 100-meter ravine . Witnesses also said that the bus conductor was able to jump out of the bus before it fell but rescuers have yet to recover his body .
De Guzman said the bus shattered into pieces . Injured victims were brought to the Bambang Hospital in Nueva Vizcaya . Search and rescue operations are still ongoing . CIELO CANCEL
Ecoclimax is defined by Odum ( 1969 ) as the culmination state after a succession in a stabilized ecosystem in which maximum biomass ( or high information content ) and symbiotic function among organisms is kept per unit of available energy flow .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Many deadline days have passed since the current transfer window system was introduced .
Some deadlines have come and gone at Aston Villa without any arrivals , while on other last days there has been a flurry of incoming activity .
Here at the Birmingham Mail , we are not big fans of the twice yearly transfer scramble and much preferred the old way of allowing signings during the season up until March 31 .
It was scrapped in the summer of 2002 amidst concerns it restricted freedom of movement and undermined the integrity of competitions if title-chasing clubs could buy a player to clinch the Championship in the final months . ( They had a point , Tony Cascarino 's arrival at Villa in mid-March 1990 , effectively handed Liverpool the old Division One crown ) .
But the transfer window has become a feature of the football season so let 's reflect on some of Villa 's eleventh hour deals .
ERIC IDLE
After failing to make a deadline day signing in the first five windows , Villa will have wished they had closed the door on their first last-gasp addition .
Eric Djemba-Djemba – so bad they named him twice – was rushed in for £1.35 million on January 31 2005 , when Sir Alex Ferguson saw David O'Leary coming .
Two and a half seasons later , the Villa Park faithful saw the Cameroon midfielder going after just four starts and seven substitute appearances . All he left Villa with , after going bankrupt , was a bill for unpaid for merchandise obtained from the club shop .
HOME JAMES
Fortunately , David O'Leary 's next deadline day dabble in August 2005 proved more successful as he loaned James Milner from Newcastle for a season . The Yorkshire terrier impressed with his industriousness on the wing .
Milner might have made it a deadline day double when he arrived the following summer intent on signing a last ditch deal with new boss Martin O'Neill , only for the Magpies to pull out of a £4 million deal , and eventually sell him to Villa for three times as much two years later .
It was O'Neill who converted Milner into a central midfielder before he was flogged to Manchester City for £18 million and makeweight Stephen Ireland in 2010 .
SHAUN OF THE DEADLINE
It was joked that Martin O'Neill loved last gasp deals so much that the No.31 adorning his tracksuit symbolised his favourite dates in January and August . But even by O'Neill 's standards he left it late with the capture of Shaun Maloney in January 2007 . The Celtic playmaker was snapped up for £1 million just an hour an half before the deadline .
The deal might have gone through 90 minutes sooner , had Villa not being losing 3-1 at Newcastle earlier that night .
Maloney showed glimpses of his ability but got homesick for Glasgow and a return to Celtic . The Scot is now at Hull following spells at Wigan and Chicago Fire .
MUST HAVE A SIGNING
Moustapha Salifou - even the mere mention of his name brings a wry smile to the faces of the claret and blue faithful .
Nobody had heard of him when Martin O'Neill plucked him from obscurity wih Swiss club FC Wil just before Jim White spontaneously combusted on Sky Sports News in August 2007 .
By the time he returned to obscurity , the midfielder nicknamed the Togolese Zinedine Zidane was better known for surviving a horrific gun attack on international duty and earning the terrace chant ‘ Salifou-Bulletproof ' than he was for seven starts and six substitute cameos .
Curtis Davies also arrived on loan the same day , but suggesting O'Neill as a presenter of the Late Late Show is perhaps a little harsh .
He did n't make a single deadline day signing from January 2008 to January 2009 , although he did miss out on signing Brad Guzan on January 31 2008 because of work permit complications .
DEFENSIVE DUO
“ We had Collins and Dunne , we had a season in the sun , but the joy did n't last because opponents ran too fast. ” That 's what Villa fans might have chanted to sum up the Villa careers of James Collins and Richard Dunne .
The pair arrived on the same day on August 31 2009 – although the latter was n't a Dunne deal until the following day after paperwork problems – and formed a formidable partnership .
A clean sheet win at Blues on their debut got the ball rolling and they helped Villa to the League Cup final , FA Cup semi final and sixth in the Premier League in their first year . After that they became better known for lock ins than shutouts as their early dominance faded and they were embroiled in off the field indiscretions .
AMERICAN IDIOT
Ok , that 's not fair , but Michael Bradley 's underwhelming arrival on loan from Borussia Monchengladbach , undermined an exciting transfer window in which Gerard Houllier had smashed the club 's transfer record with the £24 million capture of Darren Bent and recruited Kyle Walker on loan .
US international Bradley barely played and was part of the controversial weakened side FA Cup exit at Manchester City . In other news , Stephen Ireland was loaned to Newcastle .
BOGOF
‘ Buy one , get one free ' was not quite the deal when Alex McLeish launched a double deadline day raid on White Hart Lane on August 31 2011 . In fact Villa paid Tottenham over £3 million for Alan Hutton and coughed up a significant sum to take Jermain Jenas on loan too .
For a while Hutton has played more times for Scotland than Villa after falling out of favour under Paul Lambert .
As for Jenas , he 's probably played more times for Scotland than he did for Villa too , despite being an England international . He was injured on his first start in claret and blue , but Villa had to pay his wages for the entire season .
CHRISTIAN VALUES
There can be no argument whatsoever that Christian Benteke has proved to be Villa 's best late deal in the past 11 years . It dragged on into the night , but Benteke was worth the £7 million fee and since then has earned seven million superlatives and a £32.5 million move to Merseyside - and then Crystal Palace . But we do n't like to talk about him any more ...
Ashley Westwood too was a steady bit of business , although he has divided the Villa Park faithful for several seasons . Jordan Bowery was never Premier League level .
As for deadline day in January 2012 , Yacouba Sylla was initially popular because his name rhymed with Villa . After that he ws scarier than Thriller . Nothing was gained in the nothing-to-lose loan of Simon Dawkins .
LK TODAY
Libor Kozak 's future remains in doubt , but three summers ago the bouncing Czech was in the arrivals lounge rather than departures . He signed from Lazio and his strike rate was decent before he broke his leg in training and was out for 18 months .
Since then Villa 's deadline days have been fairly quite . In January 2014 they finally abandoned their month-long pursuit of Norwich playmaker Wes Hoolan on the last day of the window .
In August/September 2014 , Villa were granted a deadline extension to bring in Tom Cleverley .
Finally signing the Manchester United midfielder on a season long loan the day after the window closed following the collapse pf a permanent deal .
WAY TO GO , JO
From Villan to villain , Joleon Lescott endured a nightmare year at his boyhood club - as did the claret and blue faithful .
Villa fans were confident there was still something left in Lescott 's legs when Tim Sherwood signed the player of the year from local rivals West Bromwich Albion in the summer of 2015 .
But instead of having centre-forwards in his pocket like the Joleon of old , he had a self-tweeting phone in his pocket .
Lescott went down with Villa having achieved the dubious honour of going from hero to zero in rapid time . It was the quickest thing he did during his ill-fated stint in B6 .
Having said that , at least Lescott played .
Another deadline day defender Tiago Ilori , who arrived on a season long loan from Villa , never made a first team appearance and returned to Merseyside after a couple of months .
The less said the better about the tumbleweed January 2016 window when Remi Garde needed a claret and blue cavalry and got a white flag instead .
JUST WHAT THE DOCTOR ORDERED
Considering how much Tony Xia loves a transfer ( and an emoji calculation ) , deadline day arrivals have been fairly rare during the Chinese owner 's reign so far .
In Xia 's first window in the summer of 2016 , Roberto Di Matteo concluded a spree with the last gaps purchase of Albert Adomah from Middlesbrough with Adama Traore heading in the opposite direction .
Adomah established himself as a fans ' favourite at Villa Park , partly because of his happy-go-lucky approach , partly because of plenty of assists and goals and partly because Uncle Albert is a great nickname .
There was also a bit of movement on the January 2017 deadline day- by which time Steve Bruce had succeeded RDM as boss .
Scott Hogan signed for £12 million quid from Brentford , while Neil Taylor came in as part of the deal that took Jordan Ayew to Swansea in a frantic month of wheeler dealing , which also saw Ashley Westwood 's deadline day departure to Burnley .
Last summer , Bruce got all his business done early , which was good for Villa 's preparations , less good for any last day drama !
DEADLINE DAY SIGNINGS
Summer 2002 : None
January 2003 : None
Summer 2003 : None
January 2004 : None
Summer 2004 : None
January 2005 : Eric Djemba-Djemba ( Manchester United )
Summer 2005 : James Milner ( Newcastle – loan ) , Eric Bakke ( Leeds – loan )
January 2006 : None
Summer 2006 : None
January 2007 : Shaun Maloney ( Celtic )
Summer 2007 : Moustapha Salifou ( FC Wil ) , Curtis Davies ( loan from West Brom )
January 2008 : None
Summer 2008 : None
January 2009 : None
Summer 2009 : James Collins ( West Ham ) , Richard Dunne ( Manchester City )
January 2010 : None
Summer 2010 : None
January 2011 : Michael Bradley ( loan from Borussia Moenchengladbach )
Summer 2011 : Alan Hutton ( Tottenham ) , Jermain Jenas ( Tottenham – loan )
January 2012 : None
Summer 2012 : Christian Benteke ( Genk ) , Ashley Westwood ( Crewe ) , Jordan Bowery ( Chesterfield )
January 2013 : Yacouba Sylla ( Clermont Foot ) , Simon Dawkins ( Tottenham – loan )
Summer 2013 : Libor Kozak ( Lazio )
January 2014 : None
Summer 2014 : Tom Cleverley ( Manchester United , loan ) went through following day
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes : https : //itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom : https : //audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed : http : //audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
January 2015 : None
Summer 2015 : Joleon Lescott ( Albion , loan ) , Matija Sarkic ( Anderlecht ) , Tiago Ilori ( Liverpool , loan ) .
January 2016 : None
Summer 2016 : Albert Adomah ( Middlesbrough )
January 2017 : Scott Hogan ( Brentford ) , Neil Taylor ( Swansea )
Summer 2017 : None
January 2018 : Lewis Grabban ( Bournemouth loan ) .
Barbara Long is always on the go , meeting people and attending events as a community fundraiser with Cancer Focus Northern Ireland . Barbara has a keen interest in eating well and staying fit and healthy , so skin care is a vital part of her regime .
“ I wear makeup every day as it 's important in my job to present yourself well . I have a mix of goodies in my makeup bag from cheaper products to more expensive treats , ” Barbara explained .
Clarins makeup collection
“ Key for me is foundation – I suffer from acne , so good cover is crucial . I recently discovered Flormar , costing around £9 , that suits my skin perfectly . It has SPF 15 – working for Cancer Focus NI I am very conscious of how important sun screen is to prevent sun damage , including early and deeper wrinkles and sun spots .
“ Powder is also a big thing for me and again I 've gone for Flormar because it counteracts my oily skin .
“ Everyone wants their eyes to be their most striking feature . I have Clarins and Mac palettes that work wonders - natural , tawny/beige colours for work and more dramatic , shimmery smoky brown tones for the evening . There are so many shades to choose from and I love to experiment . I have well defined eyebrows so I simply finish them off with pencil – Sleek medium brow kit .
“ Charlotte Tilbury full fat lashes mascara is my favourite , you can feel the difference . I have small lashes so I need to build up the layers for impact . I occasionally go for false lashes . Ardell Wispies are quite natural looking , or as natural as false eyelashes go !
“ For daytime lipstick I go for a subtle nude No . 7 colour , soft tulip . You see the brand in many shops , so it 's a handy buy .
“ For night time glamour I apply a soft glittery pink highlighter to my cheeks and my So Sue contour kit gives my cheeks that extra definition . For lips I go for a strong statement red for that wow factor – Charlotte Tilbury again .
“ Taking makeup off is just as important as putting it on . I swear by Simple cleanser and toner , which my dermatologist recommended . Lidl 's own brand eye makeup remover is brilliant too .
“ I finish off with Clean and Clear facewash using a face cloth for gentle exfoliation and L'Oréal day and night moisturiser . In the morning I use the facewash again before moisturising . Having a clear , fresh complexion goes a long way to helping you feel on top form .
“ Cancer Focus NI has a nailbar at Belfast City and Craigavon hospitals for patients whose nails have been damaged by chemotherapy . We use a lot of Clarins products including Crème Jeunesse des Mains for hands and nails , which I would n't be without . ”
Cancer Focus NI 's A Guide to Looking Your Best for cancer patients has great beauty tips on eyebrow shaping , makeup application and more . Email care @ cancerfocusni.org .
This story is about Published 29m
Thursday 's TV/Radio listings ( July 5 ) Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers starting pitcher Austin Bibens-Dirkx ( 56 ) throws a first inning pitch during the Houston Astros vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington , Texas , on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter : @ SportsDayDFW
Event Time TV * * MLB * * Rangers at Detroit 6:00 FSSW Chi . White Sox at Houston 7:00 AT & T Atlanta at Milwaukee 7:00 MLB * * NBA Summer League * * Golden State vs. LA Lakers 2:00 NBA Miami vs. Sacramento 4:00 NBA Memphis vs. San Antonio 6:00 NBA Atlanta vs. Utah 8:00 NBA * * WNBA * * Los Angeles at Minnesota 7:00 ESPN2 Indiana at Wings 7:00 FSSW+ * * Golf * * LECOM Health Challenge 12:30 Golf PGA : The Greenbrier 2:30 Golf LPGA : Thornberry Creek 5:30 Golf Irish Open ( Fri. ) 4:30a Golf * * Motor sports * * NASCAR Xfinity : Coca-Cola Firecracker 250 , Practice noon NBCSN NASCAR Monster : Coke Zero 400 , Practice 1:00 NBCSN NASCAR Xfinity : Coca-Cola Firecracker 250 , Practice 2:00 NBCSN NASCAR Monster : Coke Zero 400 , Practice 3:00 NBCSN * * Special Olympics * * 2018 USA Games 5:00 ESPN2 * * Tennis * * Wimbledon Champ . 6 am ESPN All listings subject to change TODAY ON FOX SPORTS SOUTHWEST Event Time * * MLB * * Rangers Live Pregame 5:30 Rangers at Detroit 6:00 Rangers Insider 9:30 * * WNBA ( FSSW+ ) * * Indiana at Wings 7:00 FSSW+ is on Time Warner Digital ( Ch . 320 ) , Charter-Park Cities/Fort Worth ( Ch . 300 , Ch . 776 for HD ) , Charter-Rockwall ( Ch . 38/314 , Ch . 860 for HD ) , Charter-Denton ( Ch . 314 ) , DirecTV ( Ch . 676-1 ) , AT & T U-Verse ( Ch . 755 , Ch . 1755 for HD ) , FiOS ( Ch . 77 , Ch . 577 for HD ) and Dish ( Ch . 440-442 ) . ON RADIO
MLB : Rangers at Detroit , 6 p.m. , KRLD-FM 105.3 The Fan
Photo : Brent Perniac / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
N.E.R.D . has turned up the heat on current hit “ Lemon ” featuring Rihanna by adding Drake to the remix .
Related : Does Drake 's Next Single Feature Lauryn Hill ?
The new version of the No One Ever Really Dies single opens with the distinctive voice of Drizzy , who kicks off the remix with the first verse : “ I get it how I live it/ I live it how I get/ Y'all do n't really get it​/ I pull up in a lemon/ Blocks get to spendin'/ Money 3D printin'/ Never had a limit/ Never been religious/ I just always had opinions . ”
Listen to the “ Lemon ” remix , with explicit lyrics , below :
Here 's what we know about the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act , which would ban most abortions after 20 weeks : The Associated Press tells us that the “ GOP-led House on Tuesday passed a far-reaching anti-abortion bill. ” But do n't worry , Politico adds . It is “ largely symbolic : The bill will be dead on arrival in the Senate . ”
All well and good — and maybe even true — but consider this : When the Gang of Eight immigration bills finally passes the Senate and the House refuses to take it up , will Politico or any other mainstream news outlet refer to the matter as “ largely symbolic ” ? Have any of President Barack Obama 's many doomed agenda items been treated similarly ? Hardly .
Congress , as you 've heard , does nothing — by which the media mean that Congress does nothing that the Beltway finds terribly significant . The assumption is embedded and codified in coverage . Bias is n't explicit or concerted ; it 's about a worldview 's dictating of coverage . Immigration bills inspire journalists to find victims who are living in the shadows ; abortion bills inspire them to dredge D.C. in hopes of finding some anti-science quackery — a project that invariably unearths a helpful Republican .
But if we were really looking for Todd Akin-level twaddle on abortion , we would n't have to look further than Nancy Pelosi , whose brainy insights make Miss Utah sound like William F. Buckley . It 's one thing to be unable to articulate a moral distinction between baby killer Kermit Gosnell and a standard late-term abortion — maybe there is none — but it 's quite another to claim that the Republican bill “ would make it a federal law that there would be no abortion in our country ” ( a lie ) or claim that you 're unable to discuss the morality of dismembering a viable 30-week-old fetus because it is on “ sacred ground. ” Outside the conservative media ( the question was asked by The Weekly Standard 's John McCormack ) , Pelosi 's incoherence was hardly worthy of discussion .
So some things matter , and other things most definitely do not . The Democrats ' ill-fated gun restriction push was never a “ symbolic effort ” or “ far-reaching , ” was it ? Coverage of the Newtown , Conn. , shootings — though it often had a fitting level of outrage , horror and sadness — was almost immediately turned into a debate over gun control . The Gosnell horror , when covered ( which was sporadically ) , was sequestered from any broader discussion about morality or science or regulations or reform — or anything other than the crime itself .
You will also , no doubt , remember that nearly every piece you read about gun control recently informed you that polls found large majority numbers of Americans — the president claimed that 90 percent of Americans supported him — in favor of expanded background checks . What you may not have heard is that Gallup ( and many others ) consistently find that strong majorities of Americans oppose not only third-trimester abortions but second-trimester abortions , as well .
That is the reason , of course , that coverage tends to conflate all positions on abortion — throwing together those who believe that 22-week-old fetuses can feel pain and those who believe that a woman can avoid pregnancy while being raped if she prays hard enough — so they can focus on the all-important political implications ( hint : terrible for Republicans ) of a debate they 're already distorting . It 's a lot easier to file the entire thing under “ Troglodytes and the War on Women . ”
So Republicans will play the obstructionists ( not that there 's anything wrong with that , mind you ) , too busy building fortifications against progress to do anything useful but waste our time with another abortion bill . And though polls may show that gun control and immigration are also regarded as some of the least important problems facing Americans , those issues will be treated with the reverence that the Beltway press corps knows they deserve .
— David Harsanyi is editor of Human Events . Click here for more information , or click here to contact him , follow him on Twitter : @ davidharsanyi , or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are his own .
A LACK of understanding of indigenous culture has led to banks blocking some of their customers from their money , with a Cape York woman forced to fly nearly 800km for a replacement ATM card .
Identification issues among bank customers in remote and rural communities has emerged as a key problem within the nation 's banking system , the Australian Securities and Investments Commission has told a public hearing in Darwin .
The Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking , Superannuation and Financial Services Industry heard on Tuesday from ASIC senior policy analyst Nathan Boyle , who said Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people were being excluded from basic financial products , partly due to a lack of being able to meet basic identification criteria .
Mr Boyle said it could be quite difficult for indigenous Australians to verify their identities over the phone .
`` Sometimes we see financial services have policies about the types of questions that are asked and they can only ask questions in a certain way which might not make any sense to an Aboriginal person in a remote community , '' he said .
`` One that we come across quite regularly is … they will be asked , 'what is your street address ? And in a lot of remote communities , there are n't street names and the person will say ' I do n't have a street address ' . ''
MoneysaverHQ . generic image of a credit card . Part of a Credit Card
He cited an example of a woman from Lockhart River who contacted ASIC needing assistance after she was unable to access her bank account .
`` ( She ) had lost her bank card , had failed the identification processes , and was then told to travel to Cairns to visit her local branch , '' he said .
`` And it was during the wet season , so the only way that she could get to Cairns was to fly , which was quite expensive , and she was quite distressed when she contacted us . ''
The hearing was also informed that poor financial literacy had led to indigenous people being routinely ripped off by unconscionable lenders , such as Channic Pty Ltd and Cash Brokers Pty Ltd .
Last year , the Federal Court fined the Cairns based businesses more than $ 1 million for dealing unjustly with vulnerable consumers from Yarrabah .
Horsham shoppers have expressed their delight over the news international supermarket chain Lidl is planning to open a new store in the town .
The German retailer announced on Friday it had submitted plans to Horsham District Council to build a new store in Foundry Lane .
Lidl
It is set to create a ‘ modern high quality building ' with 52 parking spaces and around 40 new jobs .
The news has been met with glee by many residents with scores of positive comments on the County Times Facebook page .
Mike Tunstall said : “ Pleased to have another food retailer on this side of town . Less driving down that drag strip to go to the main supermarkets .
Alan Wickens said : “ Brilliant News about time ” while Helen Stepney simply said : “ Yes please hope we get one . ”
Jill Elliott agreed saying : “ Brilliant news more jobs and another choice for us . ”
Cathy Munday added : “ About time ! A shop we really want ! ”
However some concerns were raised over the size of the car park and traffic near the roundabout .
Angela Carusone said : “ About time & a great location .. But only a car park capacity of 52 spaces , including 3 disabled and 2 parent & child spaces . Free parking and cycle parking also provided . ”
Naomi Dale agreed saying : “ Hope they sort out adequate parking as I 'm sure it will be popular . ”
Dan Eastman added : “ Need to sort that junction out . ”
The company sent letters out to residents in the town asking for feedback on the plans and has also launched a petition .
What do you think ? Send your views to ct.news @ jpress.co.uk
Related stories : Lidl submit plans for new Horsham store
REVEALED : Plans for new Lidl store in Horsham
UPDATE : Lidl ‘ delighted ' to be planning new Horsham store
MoPs tackle Presidency over discriminatory implementation of social intervention scheme
Members of Nigeria 's House of Representatives on Wednesday vehemently frowned at the discriminatory implementation of Federal Government 's social intervention programmes ( SIPs ) barely two years to the end of the four-year term of President Muhammadu Buhari 's tenure .
The concerned lawmakers specifically called for thorough investigation into the utilisation of the sum of N41,714,293,000 allegedly spent across the 36 states of the federation and Federal Capital Territory ( FCT ) in the implementation of different aspects of the four SIPs .
The resolution was passed sequel to the adoption of a motion sponsored by Bode Ayorinde , who emphasised the need for the lower chamber to appraise the modalities of implementation of the SIPs with the view to ensure value for money .
Other lawmakers who spoke in favour of the motion including : Leo Ogor , minority leader ; Ossai Nicholas Ossai and Abdulrazak Namdas , emphasised the need for the present administration to ensure nationwide coverage of the scheme .
Ayorinde , who acknowledged the laudable rationale behind the people-oriented programmes , which have impacted positively on the lives of millions of citizens in some states of the federation , however decried the adoption selective implementation .
The lawmaker who faulted Federal Government 's claim of serving not less than 25 million meals as at the end of April , 2017 , decried that only seven states have so far been covered , thereby neglecting other states of the federation .
“ At the celebration of the regime 's two years in office , the Federal Government was ‘ thumped up ' on its dedication to the programmes in terms of time , resources and energy already invested on the programmes .
“ The Federal Government 's claim that the SIP is the largest social intervention effort anywhere in the world and it has also acknowledged that even though Nigeria recorded some growth level of about seven percent in its economy due to rising oil prices , unemployment figure is still high , hence the direct intervention through SIP .
“ The House is cognizant that the SIP have four elements : the Homegrown Schools Feeding Programme targeting 5.5 million primary school pupils in all the states of the federation .
“ The job creation programme aimed at employing 500,000 graduates to be deployed in their communities to work as teachers , health support officers and agricultural officers and participants are to be paid N30,000 each .
“ The Conditional Cash Transfer ( CCT ) of N5,000 mouthy to extremely poor and vulnerable persons in the society , targeted at one million recipients for two years and the Enterprises Promotion Programme which is a loan facility of between N10,000 to N100,000 to 1.66 million people .
“ The House further notes that at the end of April 2017 , the Federal Government claimed to have spent N41,714,293,000 across the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory in implementing different aspects of the four SIPs and that not less than 25 million meals have been served under the national home-grown school feeding programme , ” he noted .
To this end , the House urged Federal Government to implement one element of the SIPs at a time and ensure that each of the elements , when implemented , should cover all the 36 states of the federation in the spirit of fairness , equity and justice .
While ruling on the motion , Speaker Yakubu Dogara mandated the joint House Committee on Poverty Alleviation , Labour , Employment and Productivity to liaise with the agency in charge of the SIPs with the view to ensure that the programmes are implemented in all federal constituencies .
KEHINDE AKINTOLA , Abuja
The post MoPs tackle Presidency over discriminatory implementation of social intervention scheme appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Since there are lots of people who are searching for this kind of service and have no idea where to find the best one , this site is surely the one you should consider the sooner the better . We are talking about the ideal spot ever , the one you can check out if you need certain car key replacement and do not have the time to do it . Forget about all that hesitation and delays today , just pick up the phone right now and you are going to get the outcome you could only dream about in the past . We are the finest ones out there , those that will help out whenever you lost the keys and need to get in or out of that residence . Effective lost keys made is now closer to you than ever before , so wait no more and check out this site the sooner the better to find the answer you could only dream about in the past .
There is nothing easier than just checking out this site , performing a couple of clicks and see on your own how simple it can now actually become . Nothing else can now stand on your way any longer , visit this site today and you are going to uncover the finest ignition repair investing none of your precious time and efforts . Our main goal here is offering the best and the cheapest car key replacement , leaving most of your worries and hesitation in the past throughout the years . Astonishing mobile locksmith services are now in here , closer than you could even imagine it before and easier to enjoy than you could even imagine before . The time has come to let experts make a working motorcycle key , code cutting keys , locksmith of any kind and even a great deal more .
Forget even about all that kinds of duplicate keyless entry troubles , getting exactly what you were looking for . No more hesitation can now stand on your way any longer , adhere to this site today , choose the right service you need and you are going to simply be shocked by the services you get and the price you will have to pay for it . Follow us today and you will never worry about other details and troubles that once stood on your way !
Cars Key Replacement
ALASTAIR Cook admits England were `` curious '' of Australia possibly ball tampering in the recent Ashes series .
Steve Smith , David Warner and Cameron Bancroft have been handed bans by Cricket Australia after they came up with a plot to use sandpaper on the ball in their third Test with South Africa last month .
Although they all claimed that was their first instance of ball-tampering , focus has now been put on the Ashes , with TV footage since emerging of Bancroft putting sugar in his pocket while Australia 's consistent ability to get reverse swing had England 's bowlers scratching their heads .
Cook , who was part of the side that lost the five-match series 4-0 , has admitted that could have been down to the express pace of the Australian attack , but also raised questions of the third Test in Perth .
Asked whether England suspected Australia of ball tampering during the Ashes , the former Test captain replied : `` Yes a little bit , certainly in Perth when the outfield was wet with rain they got the ball reversing .
`` I did n't see anything . We have been pretty good at managing the ball to see if we can get it to reverse swing but then there 's the thing with the quicker you bowl the ball it reverses swings more .
`` That was the thing in 2005 , we had Simon Jones and Freddie ( Andrew Flintoff ) who were quicker than the Australian bowlers .
`` We have to be very careful , we were curious at certain moments but then we could n't get the ball up to 90mph where they consistently could . ''
Although the three Australians ' actions in Cape Town were deplored , some sympathy has been given to the length of the sanctions , with Smith and Warner both receiving year-long suspensions .
But Cook says that should be a timely reminder for the game to be played in the right way .
`` It 's not for me to comment on punishment , but the whole thing is a reminder that people want to see , '' he said .
`` It 's the same with cycling , that whoever is playing that people play in a fair way . If you try your hardest and there 's no external things that you win or lose that way .
Steve Smith got hit with a 12-month ban for his indiscretion .
`` It 's amazing the public outcry for that .
`` Sometimes with the pressure of playing , and it is so important to you and it 's your livelihood , sometimes winning or losing can overtake things .
`` It 's wrong for everyone to sit in the cold light of day and criticise because people do make mistakes .
`` There have been stories that I 've heard in the past that have been hearsay that people have done things .
`` ( Shahid ) Afridi bit the ball , that 's not ideal . There has been incidents and we have known it 's gone on but it 's the predetermined thing of it was the bit that caught everyone out . ''
According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research titled Global Market Study on Cleanroom Technology : Consumables to Witness Highest Growth by 2020 , the global cleanroom technology market was valued at USD 3,156.0 million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.2 % from 2014 to 2020 to reach an estimated value of USD 4,290.1 million by 2020 .
View Report Preview @ https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cleanroom-technology-market.asp
Cleanroom refers to an enclosed space constructed in such a manner so as to control the concentration of airborne particles such as particulates ( dust , hair ) , chemicals ( oil , grease ) , microorganisms ( bacteria , fungus ) , and radiations . Additionally , temperature , humidity , pressure , electrostatic charge , magnetic flux , and other factors in cleanrooms can also be maintained as per the requirement .
Globally , the cleanroom technology market is witnessing significant growth due to growing regulatory concerns regarding the packaging , manufacturing , and processing of better quality products , and safety of the working personnel . Additionally , increasing demand for sterilized pharmaceutical formulations , and development of new biologics and its wide applications in the medical devices industry is driving the growth of the cleanroom technology market . However , factors such as lack of skilled professionals and high cost associated with the setting up and maintenance of cleanrooms are restraining the growth of the global market for cleanroom technology . The global cleanroom technology market was valued at USD 3,156.0 million in 2014 and is expected to reach USD 4,290.1 million by 2020 , growing at a CAGR of 5.2 % .
Request to View Sample of Research Report @ https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3143
North America is the largest segment in the global cleanroom technology market . This is due to technological advancements and growing applications of cleanroom technology in the region . The North American market for cleanroom technology was valued at USD 1,209.3 million in 2014 and is expected to reach USD 1,580.8 million by 2020 , growing at a CAGR of 4.6 % . In terms of type , cleanroom consumables are the fastest-growing segment . In terms of construction , standard/drywall cleanroom is the largest segment in the global cleanroom technology market . Cleanroom technology has wide applications in the pharmaceutical industry .
Kimberly-Clark Corporation , Illinois Tool Works , Inc. , and E.l. Du Pont De Nemours And Company are some of the leading players in the global cleanroom technology market . Some of the other major players in the cleanroom technology market are Azbil Corporation , Taikisha Ltd. , Royal Imtech N.V. , Ardmac , Ltd. , M+W Group , Clean Air Products and Alpiq Group .
Buy now @ https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/3143
Military accused rebels of attacking aid convoy in Surigao Norte
CAGAYAN DE ORO CITY – The Philippine military on Wednesday accused communist rebels of attacking an aid convoy in Surigao del Norte where troops distributed relief aid to victims of deadly earthquake in that southern province .
Army Major Ezra Balagtey , a spokesman for the Eastern Mindanao Command , said New People 's Army rebels opened fire late Tuesday on the convoy near Malimono town . He said troops returned fire , but there was no report of casualties from both sides .
Balagtey condemned the attack . “ We condemn in the strongest terms the action of the NPAs that despite their declaration of ceasefire they ambushed an aid convoy that delivered relief goods to the victims of the earthquake in Surigao . This atrocity by this armed lawless group has added to the suffering and misery of the people who are trying to recover from the devastation brought by the earthquake , ” he said .
The NPA – which declared a temporary ceasefire in the province to allow the delivery of relief aids – denied it was behind the strafing . It accused the military of staging the attack .
POWs
The rebel group also releases a video clip of 2 captured soldiers – Sgt . Solaiman Calocop and Pfc . Samuel Garay – who were appealing to the government to cease military rescue operation because it could endanger their lives . Both soldiers , members of the 39th Infantry Battalion , were captured on February 2 in Sultan Kudarat 's Colombio town .
They are currently being investigated by a rebel court for human rights violations , among others , but Dencio Madrigal , a spokesman for the Valentin Palamine Command holding the prisoners , said the duo is being treated in accordance to international humanitarian laws .
“ The two ( soldiers ) are presently being investigated for their involvement in the crimes perpetrated by the 39th Infantry Battalion against the people and the revolutionary movement , ” Madrigal said .
“ The two prisoners of war also appealed to their battalion commander and the Armed Forces of the Philippines to cease all military operations as these only endanger their lives and safety . At present , however , combat troops of the 39th Infantry Battalion are still operating in Sultan Kudarat while their peace and development outreach program teams continue to make peasant and Lumad communities as military garrisons , ” he added .
President Duterte has ordered an all-out offensive against the NPA after peace talks collapsed this month . The rebels have been fighting for many decades now in an effort to establish a communist state in the country . ( Mindanao Examiner )
Like Us on Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/mindanaoexaminer
Follow Us on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/MindanaoExamine
Read Our News on : http : //www.mindanaoexaminer.com /http : //mindanaoexaminernewspaper.blogspot.com/
Share Our News
Digital Archives : issuu.com/mindanaoexaminernewspaper
323 total views , 323 views today
📷 @ ftrkrane
AP–Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to his body in the New York City subway .
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday . They say he is in custody . They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb .
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack . Three others suffered minor injuries , including headaches and ringing in the ears .
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands .
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State , but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group .
Despite missing the entire 2017 season , the Los Angeles Rams are bringing back Dominique Easley . The team announced on Monday it has agreed to terms on a one-year deal with Easley .
Easley tore his ACL in the Rams ' first padded practice of training camp , ending his season before it could even begin . He 's played just 38 games in his career , missing a total of 26 in four seasons .
The oft-injured defensive lineman is extremely talented , but he simply ca n't find a way to stay on the field . He showed his potential in 2016 when he played all 16 games , recording a career-high 35 tackles and 3.5 sacks .
Here are contract details of his one-year deal , which is incentive-laden , as expected .
Dominique Easley ( Rams ) , $ 1.85M , $ 50K March 21 roster bonus , $ 45K 6-1 roster bonus , $ 50K Aug. 1 , roster bonus , $ 62,500 per game active roster bonus , up to $ 1M sacks , playoffs incentive , salary $ 705K — Aaron Wilson ( @ AaronWilson_NFL ) March 19 , 2018
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged , allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United are prepared to smash their transfer record to bring Salomon Rondon to the club .
Reports in the North East claim the West Brom striker is Rafael Benitez 's main target - but that Stoke could be a contender for his signature .
The Venezuela international is available for £16.5m due a release clause in his contract and he has also been linked to Besiktas .
Chronicle Live say they Turkish club 's interest has stalled and that the demands of Rondon and his agent will see the deal go beyond £20m .
Newcastle 's record transfer fee is the £16m they paid for Michael Owen in 2005 , which surpassed the £15m that brought Alan Shearer to St James ' Park nearly a decade earlier .
Rondon has been at Albion for the last three seasons and has scored 24 Premier League goals .
Fans react
West Bromwich Albion supporters this evening offered a generally positive reaction to the news that Sam Johnstone had become Darren Moore 's first capture .
Johnstone , 25 , has moved to The Hawthorns from Manchester United on a four-year deal and comes with plenty of previous Championship experience having enjoyed spells at Preston and more recently Aston Villa .
The stopper 's arrival has paved the way for existing number one Ben Foster to make his move away from The Hawthorns , with Watford the likeliest destination .
It would bring to an end a seven-year association with the Baggies and , after the exit too of Boaz Myhill , it 'll be all change between the sticks under Moore .
Johnstone 's entrance kick-starts the club 's transfer business ahead of what is expected to be a very busy month .
Here is what the fans have been saying .
Paul Harris : We 've had to wait a while , but really impressed with the Johnstone signing , exactly the right age plus experience to hit the ground running in a very tough division next year . Let 's just hope this is the start to a busy July and this is the first of a few to come !
Joe Crabb : Do n't know what # AVFC fans are complaining about . Players go on loan to small clubs in the hope that they impress a big club to come and sign him !
Stig 's Baggie Cousin : # wba have paid upwards of 6mil for a goalie . That 's a sign of intent as far as I 'm concerned .
Kieran Corbett : Johnstone is a good signing , realistically we would have had to replace foster probably next season anyway , and Johnstone is a good keeper
Iain Bate : Great signing for the Baggies . Be happy is this is the sign of things to come # wba
Anthony Curtis : Very happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone , especially as it took my mind off Colombia for 5 minute
Jake : Buzzing that we have finally signed someone and a very good goalkeeper # wba
Jason Wheeler : Sam Johnstone should be the template for the type of players we bring in a talented young keeper who 's only going to get better and will want to play we 're ultimately the club want to be the premier league & achieve that as one
What 's been said
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as `` the shape of things to come '' after snaffling him from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa .
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore 's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United .
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns , having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship .
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million .
poll loading Albion fans - are you happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone ? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Yeah , buzzing Nah , not really
`` Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper he can possibly be - he 's hungry to do that with us at Albion , '' said Moore .
`` We 've had him targeted from the outset and we 're all delighted to have him on board .
`` He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come . ''
WHAT JOHNSTONE SAYS
`` I 'm happy to be here . I 've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things .
`` It 's good to get through the door . I 've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end back at Manchester United or going somewhere else .
`` Now it 's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here . ''
More Albion reading
MAF 's new venture ?
Former West Brom striker Marc-Antione Fortune is trying to earn a place at Grimsby Town .
The 36-year-old former Baggies striker is traing with the Mariners as he looks to gain a deal for the new season .
Grimsby Live report that the club are understood to be running the rule over him at their pre-season training Camp in Warwick .
Fortune has been a regular feature in the Football League over the years after beginning his career in his native France .
He first made the move over to the UK with a loan at West Brom from AS Nancy , before signing for Celtic in 2009 .
It proved to be a short stay in Scotland though , with Fortune struggling to impress before heading back to the Hawthorns in 2010 .
He scored six times in 63 Premier League appearances for the Baggies in a three-year spell , which also saw him head out on loan to Doncaster Rovers in 2011 .
After being released in 2013 , Fortune moved down to the Championship with Wigan Athletic , where he helped the Latics to the Play-Offs in his first season before suffering relegation the following campaign .
He then spent a season with Coventry City in League One , scoring four goals in 24 league appearances , before heading to Southend in 2016 .
In total , he made 77 appearances in all competitions for the Shrimpers , scoring 10 goals before being released by manager Chris Powell at the conclusion of last season .
This column is by serial entrepreneur & startup strategist Mitchell Harper
I started my first company when I was 17 . Between then and now ( I 'm 34 ) , I 've founded 5 additional companies and have managed hundreds of people .
A few of my companies were small and my previous company , BigCommerce , is quite large , with almost 500 people .
I 've learned a lot about people along the way — both about myself and the people that I 've been fortunate to hire .
The way you lead and manage people is literally the make-or-break skill that will determine if you build a good business or an astronomical one worth hundreds of millions of dollars .
It 's something you get better at with practice , but it 's also a skill ( like anything ) that can be learned and mastered if you 're determined enough .
If I could jump in a time machine and start again knowing what I know now , here 's what I 'd tell my 17 year old self about managing people .
Your age does n't matter
When I was 23 , I was managing people twice my age . I used to always think to myself “ Why would a 45 year old listen to me ? ” . I would get nervous interviewing candidates and a little jittery as we would do our one-on-ones and planning meetings .
That wore off pretty quickly , though . As it turns out , age is only a barrier in your head . Being young is not a negative .
Sure , you 're learning as you go , but as long as you pick things up quickly and either read books from great leaders or find a mentor , you 'll be more than fine .
When I think about great young managers at fast-growing companies , I think of Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook and Evan Spiegel at Snapchat . Both started in their early 20s and not only lead thousands of people today , but also many people double or even triple their age .
Before starting their companies , they 'd never managed people much older than they are . They picked it all up as they went along and the results speak for themselves .
You ca n't fake it
Managing people does n't mean having a “ work ” persona and a “ non-work ” persona . I 'm sure you know people who are completely different outside the office . You might see them at a function or dinner and think “ Is that the same person ? ! ” .
Management , or more accurately , leadership , is all about being your authentic self . That means not trying to be something you 're not . It means being comfortable with who you are and leaning on your strengths to manage effectively .
One of the best ways to build relationships with the people on your team is to actually mix work and non-work . And to do that , you need to be your authentic self .
During your meetings and 1:1s , you need to talk about work progress , any issues , etc , but you can ( and should ) also sprinkle in topics such as what you did on the weekend , questions about their kids , last night 's game or your favorite new restaurant .
When your team does a great job , get them out of the office and do something together as a group that has nothing to do work with . Go bowling . Have a dinner party . Go on a picnic and bring your partners and kids . Get to know who they really are and show them who you are , too .
Definitely take cues from great managers you know , but approach things in your own unique way . There are too many average managers in the world who just punch the clock and take a pay check .
Being your authentic self helps you rise above the mediocrity . Your team will notice and the word will get around . Pretty soon the best people in your industry will be asking to come and work for you .
You 'll screw up
Being a manager is hard . You have to think on your feet , make decisions that affect peoples lives and deal with all sorts of interesting and unique personalities .
Sometimes you have to trust your gut or make decisions with limited ( or incorrect ) information . It 's important to understand that not every decision you make will be correct .
When it turns out you 've made a bad decision , you can either stick with it or admit you were wrong . Standing by a wrong decision is the quickest way to not only harm your team , but also to lose their trust in you a a leader .
There 's no shame in making a wrong decision if you made it with the best intentions and the best information you could find at the time . Just do n't beat yourself up over it and move quickly to get things back on track .
Most importantly , tell your team you were wrong and let them know why you 've changed course . Humility and honesty are absolutely everything when it comes to being an exceptional manager .
It 's worth your time
I had to learn everything I mentioned above the hard way . I thought I could n't manage people who were older than me . I tried to be a “ real ” manager . And I stuck by too many bad decisions , just because I did n't want people to think I 'd made a mistake .
Luckily , that 's all behind me now . If you keep an open mind , find amazing mentors ( either in books or in real life ) and have a genuine interest in your team and helping them succeed , you 'll become a great manager .
Being a great manager unlocks huge career opportunities that you ca n't even imagine , quite simply because most managers just are n't that good . Whether you 're 17 or 70 , learning to be a great manager is worth your time .
Who knows , you might even have what it takes to be the next Mark Zuckerberg or Evan Spiegel . For great managers , the world is their oyster .
—
If you want to experience rapid growth in your business , build an enduring legacy and become the absolute best version of yourself , then you should check out my private mentoring group for founders . Click here to learn more .
click to enlarge SARAH FENSKE
click to enlarge SARAH FENSKE
The `` Peanut Butter & Jelly '' comfort bowl .
click to enlarge SARAH FENSKE
Customers order at the counter and then wait for their items .
click to enlarge SARAH FENSKE
, the Colorado import that opened its first St. Louis-area shop last month in the Central West End , may remind you a lot of Jamba Juice . It 's quick . It 's healthy . It 's incredibly noisy . And even though you can get them in bowls , its offerings are basically smoothies.That 's because at the base of those bowls is blended fruit . Depending on which bowl you order , you can get yours blended with fat-free milk , fat-free frozen yogurt or vanilla soy — but if that 's where smoothies end , Rush Bowls is just getting started . You can get them with a variety of toppings and stir-ins , including acai , chai and granola . One option even includes a really big scoop of fresh peanut butter , along with house-made jelly ( naturally ! ) . And if you do n't want to mess with all those additions , sure , you can just get a basic smoothie . There are seventeen varieties of those , and they 're all $ 6.50.Bowls are sorted into four options , all of them priced at $ 7.95 each . `` Enlightened Bowls '' include a half-dozen items , including such offerings as the `` Yoga Bowl '' ( mango , pineapple , banana , green tea and your choice of dairy , topped with organic granola and honey ) and the `` Oasis Bowl , '' which is made with coconut milk , mango , pineapple and peach juice and organic granola and honey.Acai bowls are much the same ... only they 're topped with acai , everyone 's favorite super food . The little palm seeds became super trendy a few years ago for being packed with fiber , calcium , anti-oxidants and other healthful goodies , and here they come atop four different options.Finally , in addition to four seasonal bowls ( one for dogs ! ) , Rush Bowls is serving up `` Comfort Bowls . '' Rest assured , these are not comfort bowls in the Midwestern sense — there are no piles of mashed potatoes or cheese , no nachos , no rice . You ca n't even get frozen yogurt with fat in it . The comfort is all in the toppings.Still , they 're a big step up from the other offerings in the decadence department . In addition to the aforementioned peanut butter and jelly , you can get a `` Chocolate Covered Strawberry , '' a `` Peach Cobbler '' or `` Apple Pie ( a la mode ) . '' The `` mode '' is actually an optional frozen yogurt , but with granola and a dusting of cinnamon , surely no one will complain.All those blended fruit bases , of course , means that it gets loud in the shop . You order at the counter , and by the time your bowl is ready , you may feel the makings of a serious headache . With a high ceiling and nothing but hard surfaces , the sound of the blenders reverberates.There are a few stools along the walls for those who want to eat their bowl inside , but you might be better off walking over to the fountain just two blocks away on Maryland . On the morning we visited , it was busy enough you could n't get a seat anyway.But this growing chain is n't catering to people who want a three-course meal anyway . Befitting its Rocky Mountain State roots , Rush Bowls is meant to fill you up after a workout or get you fueled for the next one on your schedule . In that sense , the Central West End is the perfect location for the company to make its St. Louis debut . You could stop over after running in Forest Park or on your way to a class at Steel Wheels . You could even take a LimeBike .
One of North Yorkshire 's leading independent brewers has produced a new golden beer to celebrate its silver anniversary .
To mark Harrogate-based Daleside Brewery 's 25th anniversary , its head brewer Craig Witty has produced a stunning ‘ Beer of Distinction ' , aptly called “ Daleside 25th Anniversary Golden Ale ” .
Daleside was first launched in the mid-1980s and , at the time , was one of the first new-style independent breweries .
Ther brewery 's managing director Eric Lucas said “ We at Daleside Brewery would like to say a big thank you to our loyal customers and to our colleagues in the industry for their support over the last 25 years .
“ Key to running a successful brewery in this ever-changing beer market is to brew consistently good beer which meets trade customer and consumer expectations , at which Daleside excels . ”
Many of the beers first developed in the 1990s at Daleside remain as popular as ever , including Old Legover , Daleside Blonde , Morocco Ale and Ripon Jewel .
Head brewer Craig , who has been with Daleside ever since it first moved to its current Camwal Road home in Starbeck in 1992 , said that the new celebration beer was a well-balanced floral brew , ABV 4.2 % , golden in colour .
Over the last 25 years , its beers , both casked real ales and premium bottled beers , have achieved wide recognition , repeatedly winning international , national , regional and local awards .
The brewery prides itself on using the best quality malts , whole-leaf hops , Daleside 's own yeast and Harrogate water .
One of their most enduring success stories , Monkey Wrench , continues to win awards , including 2016 Beer of The Year from Yorkshire & North East CAMRA in the Old Ale and Strong Mild sector .
Established long before the craft beer revolution caught hold of Britain 's drinkers , its recently branched out with innovative new beers in a more hoppy direction .
But managing director Eric Lucas said the commitment and skills of staff had been paramount in maintaining the brewery 's success .
“ We want to express our gratitude to the hardworking Daleside team who ensure we deliver and maintain a high level of service throughout every department of the company . All at Daleside will be enjoying a celebration dinner and , of course , a pint of Daleside . ”
There are 12 parades taking place tonight - according to the Parades Commission website .
According to the Parades Commission the events taking place are :
Drumquin Pipe Band Drumquin
LOL 1043 Clough
Charity Band Parade for Autism NI Bushmills
Pettigo no 10 Kesh
Pride Of The Village Beragh
Pound Bridge & District Community ... Ballylesson
Hamiltonsbawn Silver Band Hamiltonsbawn
Broughshane LOL No503 Broughshane
Ballynafeigh District LOL No 10 Belfast
Schomberg Society Kilkeel Limited Kilkeel
Milltown Arch Committee Milltown
Carrickfergus District LOL No 19 Carrickfergus
VICE Mayor Nova Princess Parojinog , her brother Reynaldo Jr. , and 11 others arrested in a drug raid in Ozamiz City on July 30 have tested negative for drugs , a police official said .
Police Superintendent Ramos Bergonio of the Philippine National Police ( PNP ) crime laboratory said on Tuesday that no traces of “ shabu ” ( methamphetamine hydrochloride ) and marijuana ( THC-metabolites ) were found in the sample urines of the suspects .
Chief Inspector Yelah Apostol , also of the PNP crime laboratory said that urinalysis was the most effective way to determine whether a person was under the influence of drugs .
She also admitted that the method could not detect drug use for a prolonged period of withdrawal from the substance .
“ When a drug user abstains from drugs for more than three days , urinalysis might not be detected. ” Apostol said .
The Parojinog siblings and 11 other co-accused were tested for drug use following their arrest .
Their father , Reynaldo Sr. , and wife , Susan , were killed in an alleged firefight with policemen serving several search warrants to the family .
President Rodrigo Duterte , who had Parojinog in his “ narco list ” or the list of public officials supposedly linked to drugs , recalled that he had long warned mayors to not engage in the illegal drug trade , or face the consequences .
“ If you [ police ] have to shoot , shoot them dead…I prefer to shoot them in the heart or in the head . If we just arrest them , they will just hire lawyers and they will go out [ of jail ] . I have long called all mayors to not play with me or suffer the consequence , including that idiot General [ Vicente ] Loot . I told the mayors to shape up so there 's no blaming on anybody , ” Duterte said .
Loot was mayor of Daanbantayan in Cebu and is said to have protected drug syndicates before retiring from the PNP .
The President also assured the beleaguered Supt . Marvin Marcos and the policemen involved in the operation against Parojinog that they wo n't go to prison .
“ A President can issue a pardon or even absolute amnesty approved by Congress . I will pardon them immediately , ” Duterte said .
Parojinog is the third mayor in the narco list killed under the Duterte administration 's war on drugs .
Albuera , Leyte Mayor Rolando Espinosa was killed by the police at 4 a.m. in November 2016 inside his cell in the Baybay City , Leyte sub-provincial jail . The team of Superintendent Marcos led the operation .
Mayor Samsudin Dimaukom of Datu Saudi Ampatuan town in Maguindanao was killed in October 2016 at 4:30 a.m. , “ based on information that the group will transport illegal drugs to Maguindanao and Cotabato area. ” RJ CARBONELL
A hairdresser from Edinburgh deliberately infected at least four men with HIV after meeting them on gay dating app Grindr – before sending them mocking messages , a court heard .
Daryll Rowe , 26 , is accused of embarking on a “ cynical campaign ” to infect as many men as he could with the virus .
He texted one of his alleged victims to say : “ Maybe you have the fever cos I came inside you and I have HIV , lol . Whoops ! ”
The court heard Rowe also called one of his victims and laughed down the phone as he goaded the man about his potential diagnosis .
The victim later tested positive for HIV , with a strain of the virus similar to Rowe 's .
Another man Rowe had sex with said he used a condom , but found it had the end ripped off after being discarded in the sink .
Caroline Carberry QC , prosecuting , told Lewes Crown Court said : “ He was extremely concerned and upset about this and repeatedly asked Darryll Rowe whether he was clean which he said he was . That condom did not split accidentally . ”
Another alleged victim discovered he had the virus after feeling “ feverish and ill ” .
Daryll Rowe was diagnosed with HIV in Edinburgh in April 2015 .
Later that year , he moved to Brighton .
“ With full knowledge , putting others at risk , he embarked on what was a cynical and deliberate campaign to infect other men with the HIV virus .
“ Unfortunately for some of the men he met , his campaign was successful .
“ He had numerous , casual sexual relationships with men he met via Grindr .
“ He deceived each of those men into believing he was HIV negative .
“ He reassured the men he was clean and when they insisted on a condom , he deliberately sabotaged the condom .
“ Many of them were sent abusive and mocking messages .
Ms Carberry told the jury Rowe met eight men in Sussex and two more in the north east .
“ At least four have contracted the virus , others were lucky not to , ” she said .
“ In all cases it was his intention to infect those men with HIV . ”
Sussex Police arrested Rowe in February 2016 after two men were diagnosed as HIV positive .
He refused to admit being HIV positive and denied meting with or having sex with the two men .
Rowe was bailed to an address in Berwick , Northumberland .
He interviewed again when other alleged victims came forward . After being re-bailed , Rowe went missing and police launched a manhunt to find him .
He was discovered living in Wallsend under a fake name .
The case , which is due to last six weeks , continues .
The trial continues .
More Videos
2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on his fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks ' preseason opener
5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett 's anthem sit , backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener
2:23 Coach Pete Carroll on Paul Richardson 's injury , more from Seahawks preseason opener
0:57 Seahawks rookie CB Shaquill Griffin all smiles after starting in his 1st NFL game
3:01 Michael Bennett on why he sat during national anthem at Seahawks ' preseason opener
3:27 Gregg Bell from California on what to expect from Seahawks ' preseason opener
4:03 Seahawks DE Cliff Avril after receiving foundation donation from United Way
4:21 Pete Carroll on Eddie Lacy , Thomas Rawls , Seahawks preseason opener
2:25 Russell Wilson on his passing , Rawls , Carson , more from Seahawks camp
5:20 Gregg Bell on what he saw , heard and thought of day 9 in Seahawks training camp
2:53 Rookie Amara Darboh jokes with Michael Bennett , talks being a Seahawks WR
Source : Mirror
Stephanie McMahon spoke at a leader in Sports convention at Stamford Bridge , and was asked if she thought the outspoken Conor McGregor would make for a good fit within the WWE . Not surprisingly , Stephanie thought he would be someone who would excel within the company .
`` I think Conor would be a perfect fit with WWE , '' McMahon said . `` He certainly has the personality and the athletic ability , the appeal . He speaks his mind , he 's very genuine and authentic and he has a hell of a Vince McMahon swagger . ''
Whether it 's Ronda Rousey or her Four Horsewomen group , the WWE continue to look for crossover athletes to bring into the fold . Most recently , McGregor is coming off a 10th round TKO loss to Floyd Mayweather in their boxing match that took place back in August , and previous to that , he taunted the WWE saying he would , `` slap the head off the entire roster . '' Stephanie is n't alone in thinking he would be a perfect fit though , Chris Jericho was asked the same question last month and called it a `` no brainer . ''
`` Will Conor McGregor end up in the WWE ? I think it 's a no-brainer , '' Jericho said . `` It might not be this year or the year after that because there 's a lot of money that you got to spend to get him in there . But a guy that yappy , who knows the concept of cutting a wrestling promo ... I think Conor will definitely end up there , it 's just a matter of when he wants to . ''
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @ HeelDoors . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIDLAND , Mich. -- A nine-year-old girl is selling duct tape flowers to help fund cancer research .
Kari Graebner said she wants to stop the cancer that 's attacking her grandfather , Craig Finkbeiner .
The fourth-grader from Michigan set up a shop at her school 's craft fair . All the items she sold go toward research for her grandfather 's cancer .
Watch the video above to see Kari 's creations .
And Kari 's effort means the world to her grandfather .
`` I 'm very , very , very proud of her , and I always have been , '' Finkbeiner said .
Kari says she wants duct tape for Christmas so she can keep making flowers and raising money .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp admits he 's desperate to sign defensive reinforcements and stressed he will not let Ryan Shotton leave until he does so .
The Blues boss was keen on both Aden Flint of Bristol City and Aston Villa 's Tommy Elphick but the transfer fees have since put the club off .
Instead , Redknapp is now having to look at other options and keep Shotton 's move to Middlesbrough on ice as he ca n't afford to leave himself short .
“ We need reinforcements in the squad as quickly as possible , '' he said .
“ When you have all these games coming so quickly , it makes it very difficult for us .
“ ( Elphick and Flint ) are good players but there 's nothing in them .
“ We 're not close to getting any player at the moment as the fees are too high . ”
Redknapp also explained the situation surrounding Shotton .
“ He 's a good lad but Middlesbrough want him .
“ He also fancies the move so if he goes it leaves us with only two defenders and we need four .
“ We 've agreed a fee and we 're just waiting until we get someone in now . ”
Blues have two games in the space of five days .
They host Bolton Wanderers tomorrow night and then travel to Burton Albion on Friday .
Teachers in Chipata have joined the rest of the world in commemorating this year 's World Teacher 's Day which falls today .
In his opening remarks at the commemoration ceremony in Chipata , provincial education officer , Allan Lingambe , has challenged teachers to be professional .
He says there is need for teachers to be role models in society , if they are to be respected .
Dr. Lingambe says this is the day that teachers come together and reflect on the positive things they have done in society , especially in the teaching fraternity
The commemoration has been characterized with drama dances .
The teachers are celebrating their day under the theme , “ Teaching Freedom , Empowering Teachers ” .
Meanwhile some teachers in Chipata district have been working for more than two years in acting positions .
Zambia National Union of Teachers ZNUT District Chairperson Isaac Ngoma further says that some teachers who upgraded their qualifications as far back as 2013 have not been upgraded .
Mr. Ngoma said this when delivering his speech in Mpezeni Zone to commemorate Teacher 's Day this morning .
He implored government to update the schools establishment to make it responsive to the current population and demands .
And Mr. Ngoma has advised teachers to celebrate their achievements and positive contributions to national development .
He says that the commemoration of Teacher 's Day is an opportunity to raise awareness to members of the public on the role the teachers play in shaping the morals in society .
Mr. Ngoma states that it is therefore , important that as teachers commemorate their day , they reflect on what they have so far achieved and also identify areas that need improvement .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) `` Colby Lewis has said goodbye to the Texas Rangers , the organization that drafted him and made both its World Series appearances with the veteran right-hander in the rotation .
Lewis released a statement Tuesday thanking the team and its fans when Rangers pitchers and catchers were reporting to spring training in Arizona . He wrote that goodbyes `` are inevitable and this is mine . ''
The 37-year-old Lewis is still a free agent , but turned down offers from the Rangers for a minor league contract . He never mentioned retirement in his statement .
Lewis was picked 38th overall by the Rangers in the 1999 amateur draft and made his big league debut with them in 2002 . He had right shoulder surgery in early 2004 before sitting out all of 2005 . He then pitched for Detroit and Oakland and spent two years in Japan before returning to Texas in 2010 .
Over 11 major league seasons , including nine with the Rangers , he is 77-72 with a 4.70 ERA . Lewis was 4-1 with a 3.11 ERA in 10 postseason games for Texas .
Lewis said he was `` forever grateful '' to the Rangers .
`` They helped make my baseball dreams come true . I pitched in two World Series with the uniform I love on my back , '' said Lewis , the winning pitcher against the New York Yankees in Game 6 of the 2010 ALCS that clinched the team 's first World Series berth .
Lewis set career highs with 17 wins and 204 2/3 innings pitched in 2015 , less than two years after a resurfacing procedure that was just short of a full hip replacement and unprecedented for a major league pitcher .
He was 6-5 with a 3.71 ERA in 19 games last year , when he missed two months in the middle of the season because of a strained right lat . He took a no-hit bid into the ninth inning of a game last June 16 at Oakland before giving up a leadoff double , and had been perfect until a two-out walk in the eighth .
Palm Valley Offers 1 | 2 BHK apartments at a very affordable cost 13.25 * Lacs . For Assistance call 928 999 7000 .
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica ( AP ) — Costa Ricans vote Sunday in a presidential race that has been turned on its ear by an international court ruling saying the country should let same-sex couples get married .
Evangelical candidate Fabricio Alvarado recently vaulted into first place in the polls after he took a strong stance against gay marriage , which about two-thirds of Costa Ricans also oppose .
His closest rivals are agri-businessman Antonio Alvarez of the opposition National Liberation Party and Carlos Alvarado of the governing Citizens ' Action Party .
A recent survey showed that more than a third of likely voters were undecided . If no candidate gets 40 percent or more , the top two finishers advance to an April 1 runoff .
Advertisement
The January decision by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights has come to play a central role in the campaign . It also ordered the country to grant same-sex couples rights such the ability to inherit estates and adopt children .
Political analyst Francisco Barahona told The Associated Press that it came as an `` external shock '' for Costa Rica , a majority Roman Catholic nation .
Fabricio Alvarado , a 43-year-old journalist , preacher and Christian singer , called the ruling a `` sovereign violation '' and saw his support balloon in the polls as socially conservative voters gravitated to that message .
Carlos Alvarado — no relation — is the only major candidate to openly back gay marriage and has picked up some support recently from socially liberal voters . A 38-year-old also trained as a journalist , he got his start in politics as communications director for Citizens ' Action and also was labor minister under current President Luis Guillermo Solis .
Alvarez , a two-time president of the Legislative Assembly and a Cabinet minister under the first presidency of Oscar Arias in 1986-1990 , says he opposes gay marriage but backs recognizing certain other rights for gay couples .
Voters will also be selecting the 57 delegates that make up the Assembly .
A primary school in Kettering says it will act on areas that need improvement after an inspection by Ofsted .
The education watchdog visited St Edward 's Primary School in Eastleigh Road last month and published its findings yesterday ( Monday ) .
In the school 's first inspection since becoming an academy , Ofsted graded it as ‘ requires improvement ' .
Headteacher Pauline Cuddihy said : “ There is so much to be proud of .
“ However , we must also take account of the specific areas where the report notes a requirement to improve , in particular the comments regarding the inconsistencies in the quality of teaching , learning and assessment .
“ The Ofsted team felt there was much good teaching in the school which gives us the capacity to improve .
“ Consequently , we acknowledge that the next stage of our journey requires us to consolidate our good teaching and further develop our relatively new teaching team . ”
Inspectors praised the school , which provides education for 210 children , for the development and welfare of its pupils , grading it as ‘ good ' for that area .
A report by lead inspector Christine Watkins said : “ The school 's work to promote pupils ' personal development and welfare is good .
“ Pupils are proud of their school , saying that they enjoy their lessons and get plenty of help if they need it .
“ They describe the school as being ‘ like a family ' where everyone is ‘ there for each other ' .
“ It is clear to see that staff and pupils have positive relationships . ”
But the report noted a number of areas for improvement , including leadership and the consistency of teaching .
The school 's trust acknowledged that standards had declined since it took governance , and said that it had put an enhanced degree of support in place to improve .
Inspectors found the inconsistent quality of teaching across the school meant that pupils do not learn as well or progress as quickly as they should .
The report added : “ Observations of learning during the inspection showed that pupils ' progress in lessons typically slows when the work is not well matched to their abilities .
“ On other occasions , pupils ' attention wanders when the teachers ' instructions are not clear and precise . ”
In the wake of Spotify 's recent IPO , you may think the company would focus mostly on their paid customers to boost revenue . However , the company has a different strategy in mind , according to Engadget .
Today , Spotify rolled out a new update for the free version of their dedicated mobile app . Specifically , the app will finally allow free users to listen to music on-demand but there is a slight catch - they can only take advantage of the new functionality if a given song is already in one of their 15 discovery playlists .
This is a pretty significant change but it likely is n't a completely random decision on Spotify 's part . As Engadget notes , Spotify has previously claimed that up to 60 percent of their Premium subscribers were at one point free users who later decided to upgrade .
By improving the free experience enough to keep people hooked , Spotify could effectively convince many more users to buy into their monthly subscription . After all , the free offering still pales in comparison to what Spotify Premium brings to the table .
Naturally , Premium is ad-free but it also allows for on-demand , offline or online playback of over 40 million songs without restricting users to tracks present within their discovery playlists .
By Nkiruka Nnorom
Investors in the Nigerian Stock Exchange , NSE , Monday dumped the shares of Cadbury Nigeria Plc after the issuer reported 200 percent growth in profit after tax , PAT , for the year ended December 31 , 2017 and recommended16 kobo dividends for the year .
Consequently , the company 's shares fell by 9.65 percent , leading 35 other losers during the day ..
Meanwhile , the company 's financial result released today on the floor of the Exchange shows that 10 percent increase in revenue to N33.08 billion against N29.98 billion in 2916 , while its post tax profit rose to N350.32 million as against N296.40 million loss after tax in the preceding year .
However , like other issuers that had suffered the same fate , Cadbury 's shares nose-dived by 9.65 percent to N15.45 from N17.10 . Niger Insurance Plc trailed by 9.52 percent decline to close at N0.38 from N0.42 .
Unity Bank Plc ranked third , dropping by 8.89 percent to close at N1.23 from N1.35 ; FTN Cocoa Processors Plc fell by 7.14 percent to close at N0.26 from N0.28 , while Lasaco Assurance Plc declined by 5.56 percent to close at N0.34 from N0.36 per share .
Consequently , the All Share Index , ASI , declined by 0.25 percent to settle at 41,832.63 points from 41,935.93 points .
Similarly , the market capitalisation depreciated by N37 billion to N14.965 trillion from N15.002 trillion , representing 0.25 percent decrease .
On the other hand , C & I Leasing plc led the gainers , rising by 9.94 percent to close at N1.99 from N1.81 , followed by Chemical and Allied Products , CAP Plc , with 5.64 percent decline to close at N3.37 from N3.19 .
NEM Insurance Plc was up 4.81 percent to close at N2.83 from N2.70 ; Cutix Plc rose by 4.46 percent to close at N2.81 from N2.69 , while PZ Cusson Nigeria Plc closed the list of top five gainers with 2.39 percent increase to close at N23.55 from N23.00 per share .
In a 20-10 preseason victory over the Oakland Raiders , the Arizona Cardinals had several standout players . Who are the candidates for player of the game ?
Here are four candidates :
QB Drew Stanton
Backup QB Drew Stanton was the leading QB . He completed 11 of 15 attempted passes , throwing for 112 yards and one touchdown . To say the backup looked impressive would be an understatement .
The weather-resistant properties of DomeShelter Australia 's CMDS make it beneficial to a range of industries . The CMDS ' flexible and functional design is ideal for relocating operations and for easing logistical concerns in case of inclement weather .
[ CUNDERDIN , 30/5/2018 ] – DomeShelter Australia , a specialist in industrial shade and shelter solutions , offers the Container Mounted DomeShelter™ ( CMDS ) , a robust , weather-resistant shelter system . The CMDS possesses properties that make it ideal for a wide range of applications spanning various industries .
Flexible , Relocatable Industrial Shelters
DomeShelter Australia 's Container Mounted DomeShelter™ is specifically designed to respond to the climatic challenges facing various industries . Harsh weather conditions may occasionally disrupt operations and require relocation to resume work .
As a versatile and relocatable container shelter , the CMDS is engineered to withstand Australian Wind Regions from Class A to D. The CMDS has a robust steel frame that can securely fit onto existing container shelters by welding , bolting or through Twistlock . The CMDS also has a functional design that makes it easy for shipping and logistics .
A Shelter for Various Applications and Industries
The weather-resistant properties of the Container Mounted DomeShelter™ present several benefits to a variety of industries .
For the oil and gas industries , the CMDS protects important goods from heat and moisture damage with excellent rain and UV protection . The same goes for the agriculture sector , which heavily relies on the light and heat-resistant properties of the CMDS to maintain the health of livestock .
Apart from the industrial sector , the CMDS is also applicable to events and the tourism industry . Ideal as both a temporary and long-term solution for venues , the CMDS provides a cool , translucent space that allows natural light to pass through without causing too much heat .
About DomeShelter Australia
An established family-owned business , DomeShelter Australia is a trusted name when it comes to industrial shade and shelter solutions . While the company manufactures products in line with the industrial challenges in Australia , DomeShelter Australia extends its services all over the world to provide tough , functional protection for goods and equipment .
To learn more about the company 's products and services , visit https : //www.domeshelter.com.au .
Due to the scorching temperatures of the summer and the forecast of another severe heat wave , Local Land Services ( LLS ) District Veterinarian teams throughout Australia warn livestock owners of the impact of high temperatures on their livestock .
[ TAMWORTH , 30/5/2018 ] – With high temperatures in Australia continuing , livestock owners are advised by LLC vets to follow several techniques when handling livestock during the hot weather . This includes working with livestock in the early morning or in the evening when the temperature is cooler , and ensuring access to a sufficient amount of clean drinking water throughout the day .
The Impact of Humidity and Access to Water
Dr Jillian Kelly , Central West LLS Veterinarian , states that livestock owners should consider the impact of two important points , humidity during summer and access to water points .
If , for example , the temperature is 35°C and the humidity is 10 per cent , a sheep 's body temperature will reach an average 32°C ; however , if the humidity reaches 50 per cent , a sheep 's temperature can increase to 41°C . According to Dr Kelly , this results to damage to body tissues and extreme danger of heat stress .
If the water in rivers or dams is at a low level , livestock will crowd on the water source , stepping in the water and leaving a concentration of animal waste . This contaminates the water and increases the chances of livestock becoming bogged down in mud . If other livestock notice that the water is dirty , they may reject it . Therefore , livestock owners are advised to consider other options such as installing fences around water points or pumping water to troughs .
Providing Quality Watering Troughs to Livestock
RapidPlas offers durable tanks and accessories that are suitable for livestock watering , including high-quality water troughs for horses , cattle and sheep . For livestock owners who are planning to set up their own livestock watering system , they can purchase RapidPlas ' cost-effective packages that are delivered to farms for free .
The company 's range of water troughs has rims with smooth sides , which are less abrasive for the animal 's legs . They provide long rectangular troughs and troughs that feature 360° access to accommodate larger numbers of animals . RapidPlas ' watering troughs provide cooler and cleaner water to keep livestock hydrated .
About RapidPlas
Established in 1990 , RapidPlas is a family owned business that manufactures a range of agricultural , residential and commercial polyethylene products such as rainwater tanks , fertilser tanks , feed and water troughs and other animal care products .
For more information , visit https : //rapidplas.com.au .
Three major road routes that are of interest to Northern Ireland drivers have been in the news this week .
The A5 upgrade in the northwest of the Province is facing another environmental challenge before a section of it goes to construction .
One of the dangerous gap junctions on the A1 ( with the Listullycurran Road ) . There is a plan to close and replace all such junctions but it is only crawling towards fruition
This raises the question of whether our road planning systems are vigorous enough , and if so , why such challenges are allowed after the road has been approved .
The A1 junction improvements are crawling towards fruition .
This involves a crucial plan to close all the so-called gap junctions in the central reservation between Lisburn and Loughbrickland .
Such junctions are deadly on any road , but particularly on one as busy as the Sprucefield to Newry A1 . I find it a stressful road to drive because I have reported on several fatalities on that route at those gap junctions . As you drive down the road , vehicles come across the road from those junctions like darts .
The A75 , which runs for 95 miles from Stranraer towards the M6 motorway , is overwhelmingly single carriageway and still passes through two villages . Above a bypass of Dunragit , another village on the route , that opened in recent years
A number of new flyover junctions will be built so that no-one can turn right across the road .
Anyone turning right will first have to drive left to a flyover junction , and then cross at that point , before heading in the direction they wanted to go .
This upgrade is urgently needed , yet it is only going to ‘ consultation ' .
When gap junctions finally are closed , there will at last be an almost flawless road link the entire distance from Belfast to Dublin .
A new ferry for Stena Line arrives in Dublin Port in 2015 , to begin operating on the Dublin-Holyhead route , which is becoming an increasingly attractive road and sea route to England
Which brings me to the last road that was in the news : the A75 between Stranraer and the Scottish border with England . It is a dangerous single carriageway in which cars get caught behind lorries and so overtake , which is potentially lethal . The much-needed upgrade of the road was debated at Westminster and supported by MPs including Nigel Dodds .
I love driving via the A75 to England , but until it is improved the better route is via Dublin . There is a motorway right to Dublin port , and then a dual carriageway or motorway all the way from Holyhead . When the A1 upgrade is complete , it will be all the better as a route .
• Ben Lowry ( @ BenLowry2 ) is News Letter deputy editor
Ben Lowry : A back-door amnesty could create the worst of all worlds
Tertiary butyl amine is a transparent colorless compound with molecular formula ( CH3 ) 3CNH2 . It possesses amine-like odor . Tertiary butyl amine is primarily used in rubber , agrochemicals , pharmaceuticals , and chemical intermediates . It is employed as rubber accelerator to improve the rate of vulcanization . Agrochemicals derived from this compound include terbutryn , terbacil , and terbumeton .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tertiary-butyl-amine-market.html
Rubber is not only used to manufacture tire in automobiles , but it is also employed in engine gaskets , radiator seals , performance hoses , ignition cables , and airbags . Asia Pacific holds more than 60 % share of the global rubber market . The region is expected to offer immense growth to the tertiary butyl amine market during the forecast period . Rise in demand for automobiles in Europe and Asia Pacific is estimated to propel the rubber market . This , in turn , is likely to boost the demand for tertiary butyl amine in the near future . Crop protection chemicals are widely used in the agriculture industry to enhance the crop yield .
Crop protection chemicals such as fungicides , herbicides , and insecticides are employed to eliminate unwanted plants and pests . Increase in usage of crop protection chemicals is anticipated to propel the demand for tertiary butyl amine . Growth in population has raised food security concerns . Developing and underdeveloped countries lack proper infrastructure for storage and distribution of food grains . This , in turn , is projected to fuel the demand for tertiary butyl amine owing to its usage in agrochemicals .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=24854
In terms of region , Asia Pacific is likely to exhibit significant demand for tertiary butyl amine in the next few years , led by the expansion in the rubber industry . Demand for rubber is high from tire and automotive applications in major countries in the region such as China and India . Increase in demand for new automotive vehicles is estimated to fuel the demand for rubber . This , in turn is likely to boost the demand of tertiary butyl amine . Large scale manufacturers such as BASF SE are expanding their capacity in the region to meet the rising demand for rubber additives such as tertiary butyl amine , which is used as an accelerator in the rubber industry .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Contacting a criminal defense lawyer is very important when you are accused or charged with a criminal case which can have a very serious impact on your future . It is quite common that those who are innocent may also be accused of a criminal charge or one who has committed a crime may be treated unfairly at which times the criminal defense lawyer Houston can come to your rescue to protect your legal rights and help you understand the legal procedures . The prosecution must be able to submit court admissible evidence to prove your guilt and the defense attorney shall come up with aggressive defense strategies to question the evidences and witnesses that would help to prove your innocence in the court of law .
The Houston criminal defense lawyer takes up all types of criminal cases whether you are accused in a DUI/DWI , drug possession , theft , domestic violence , kidnapping , weapons charges etc . helping you with the legal procedures and working out with their team of experts and private investigators to get a break in your case and prove your innocence .
Based on the case and the circumstances the criminal defense lawyer Houston shall help you on how to present yourself in the court and the mistakes that you should not commit while speaking to the prosecution . The lawyer also comes up with his version of the consequences that led to your arrest and questions the evidence to prove your innocence and plant a doubt in the jury 's mind . The defense strategies vary from case to case and you can actually leave everything in the attorneys hands who shall take all measures to ensure you are met with justice .
If you are caught in a DWI case the Houston DWI lawyer comes up with the possible defense strategies like questioning the validity of the tests conducted by the officer and the equipment along with valid reasons behind your erratic driving to convince the jury for your actions . The attorney shall also check if there is any violation in the constitutional rights in your case that can lead to immediate dismissal of the case from the court . The defense attorney shall try his best to prove your innocence in the case or at least have your charges reduced to a great extent by coming up with the best defense strategies .
You can look out for an experienced attorney who has the time and patience to take up your case and protect your legal rights in the court .
Are you searching for drug possession lawyer , criminal defense lawyer in houston then you are at the right place . At glaw.me you can find best drug possession lawyer We would be pleased to discuss any of your legal issues to find out how we may be of service to you . For more details about warrant lawyer houston Please visit our website http : //www.glaw.me/criminal-defense.php
Contact Details :
Glaw.me
2016 Main Street , Suite 102
Houston
Texas
77002
USA
713-529-9200
While no one can predict what security markets will do in the future , we can glean some useful information from economic statistics . Consumer spending represents approximately 70 percent of total gross-domestic product , so it 's instructive to track and evaluate the trends in consumer spending and consumer sentiment to help gauge the possible impact consumer spending could have on corporate profits and the economy overall .
Year-to-date the stock market ( Standard & Poor 's 500 ) has returned 12.6 percent in what has been the best first half of the year stock performance since 1998 . During the second quarter , the Dow rose 2.27 percent , the S & P 500 climbed 2.36 percent and the Nasdaq gained 4.15 percent . However , for the month of June , the Dow lost 1.36 percent , the S & P 500 fell 1.5 percent and Nasdaq lost 1.52 percent . In the nearby table , I provide performance data for the S & P 500 . We can see that the index had an exceptionally strong first quarter , gaining 10.61 percent , with performance slowing dramatically during the second quarter . With stocks ending the quarter with declines in June , it is clear that bull market momentum has faded .
￼
After reaching an all-time high of 1,687 on May 22 , the S & P 500 experienced a sizable decline , falling about 7.5 percent to a recent low of 1,560 on June 24 , only one month hence . Since then , stocks rebounded somewhat , ending the quarter at 1,606 , bouncing by about 3 percent from that recent low , but ending the quarter almost 5 percent below the all-time high .
We find that in May , at the same time the stock market was setting its all-time high , consumer spending actually fell 0.3 percent . Although spending rebounded in June , it was only up 0.3 percent for the month , representing basically a break-even over the final two months of the quarter . The triple threat of the payroll tax holiday that ended at the end of 2012 , effectively raising taxes on everyone earning W2 income by 2 percent ( the payroll tax holiday had lowered payroll taxes to 4.2 percent from 6.2 percent ) , the implementation of the sequester spending cuts , which began to go into effect March 1 , and the threat of the Fed 's tapering of its bond-purchasing program , QE3 , combined to curtail spending .
Despite the $ 85 billion per month that the Fed has been pumping into the economy for the past nine months , with the intention of driving economic activity through making more cash available , banks have not responded by providing additional credit . The United States has a credit-based economy — spending is determined in large part by the availability of credit . Since the implosion of the real estate market in 2008-2009 , banks have tightened their lending policies , and have significantly reduced available credit to consumers through cutting credit limits on credit cards and raising lending requirements for new loans . Add on top of this the dramatic contraction in real estate values , which resulted in the evaporation of home equity , and consumers simply do not have access to credit . Without credit , and with unemployment still running at elevated levels ( 7.6 percent ) , consumers do not have either the ability or the will to spend .
The recent final reading on first quarter GDP , which was revised down to 1.8 percent from 2.4 percent , experienced this revision , in large part , because consumer spending , which had been reported at a 2.5 percent annualized rate for the first quarter , was cut to just 0.7 percent as a component of GDP .
Earnings season will begin shortly , and because consumer spending is such a large component of the U.S. economy , and spending has been basically flat recently , we should not expect second-quarter earnings to be strong . We should also not expect second-quarter GDP to be impressive either . Most economists have been predicting that 2013 GDP will run at about 2 percent to 2.5 percent . However , given the expected impact of the sequester spending cuts , the payroll tax increase mentioned above , and the Fed 's tapering , which is expected to commence by September , it is unlikely that second-half GDP will be sufficient to result in overall growth of 2 percent or better for the year .
Consumer sentiment , which hit a six-year high in May at 84.6 ( University of Michigan ) , fell only slightly in June to 84.1 . Sentiment measures consumers ' attitudes about the prospects for the economy going forward . It 's hard to square sentiment with consumer spending , since spending certainly does not reflect the strong sentiment figures . One possible explanation for strong sentiment could be the wealth effect — the recent rise in stocks and real estate prices that has improved consumer balance sheets . Despite this improvement , without available credit , and perhaps because many consumers still worry about the stability of their jobs , consumers have not rushed out to make purchases .
We should continue to watch consumer spending carefully as this economic indicator provides one of the best predictors of economic activity . We should also carefully analyze corporate earnings for the second quarter , as these reports will reflect whether consumers spend money to purchase goods and services during the second quarter , and also how companies managed their businesses during this challenging economic environment .
Given the recent pullback in stocks , we could be in the beginning stages of a significant correction phase , which could produce declines of 15 percent to 20 percent or greater from the recent all-time high . ( A 20 percent decline would bring the S & P 500 down to about 1,350 from its recent all-time high of 1,687 . ) With the weakness in consumer spending , a potentially disappointing second-quarter earnings season , and the threat of looming Fed tapering , caution seems to be a good strategy .
Although I expect to see a sizable correction in the short term , I believe we are still in a bull market , which should continue well into 2014 . After the correction phase runs its course , stocks should represent the most attractive asset class , relative to bonds , commodities and real estate , all of which should underperform given the rising interest rate environment that should result from the Fed 's tapering . Investment strategies should take this into account , and should include a plan for reinvesting cash balances after the correction phase has concluded .
— Craig Allen , CFA , CFP , CIMA , is president of Montecito Private Asset Management LLC and founder of Dump Your Debt . He has been managing assets for foundations , corporations and high-net worth individuals for more than 20 years and is a Chartered Financial Analyst ( CFA charter holder ) , a Certified Financial Planner ( CFP ) and holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst ( CIMA ) certification . He blogs at Finance With Craig Allen and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or 805.898.1400 . Click here to read previous columns or follow him on Twitter : @ MPAMCraig . The opinions expressed are his own .
A young Kiwi researcher is unravelling what could prove a crucial link between insulin and the most common form of dementia .
Alzheimer 's disease is projected to affect 70,000 Kiwis by 2031 - yet present treatments do n't do enough to slow the progression of the debilitating disease .
For decades , neuroscientists have been gathering evidence from the brains of patients to try to understand the disease , and there are today several well-supported theories .
While it 's sometimes unclear how these theories fit together , all could partly explain what causes the massive brain cell death seen in the disease .
Advertisement
A project by University of Auckland researcher Catherine Webb focused on a relatively recent theory called the `` insulin dysregulation hypothesis '' .
`` Most people have heard of the hormone insulin because of its involvement in diabetes , but it is also very important in promoting the survival and function of neurons , '' she said .
`` Certain clues , such as the fact that diabetic patients are more likely to develop Alzheimers disease , and the fact that insulin improves the memory of experimental animals with it , show that insulin is somehow involved in the disease . ''
Therefore , she said , the insulin receptor could offer an interesting drug target .
Her Science Scholar research project , supervised by Auckland University brain researchers Associate Professor Maurice Curtis and Dr Helen Murray , searched for insulin receptors in the hippocampus , the sea-horse shaped part of the brain that forms new memories and which is most damaged in dementia .
`` This is important because the location of receptors says a lot about their function , '' she said .
This image shows part of the hippocampus of a normal brain at 1000x magnification . The blue is DNA and the red speckles are presumably insulin receptors . Image / Supplied
`` In what part of the brain , on what cell type , and where in the cell a receptor is located ; all of these influences the function of the receptor and how a drug could be used to target it . ''
Using samples from recently-deceased donors to the New Zealand Neurological Foundation Douglas Human Brain Bank , Webb compared the hippocampus of normal brains and those affected by Alzheimer 's .
`` Very thin slices from these blocks were stained by joining fluorescently coloured molecules to the proteins we are interested in with animal antibodies , '' she said .
`` When we look at these sections under a microscope , the proteins we stained for appear in bright colours against a dark background . ''
`` We stained for insulin receptors , cell nuclei - so we knew where the cells were - and a protein that is only found in a certain type of neuron , so we knew what kind of brain cells we were looking at .
`` In this way we could see where and how much the insulin receptor is expressed in the hippocampus , and whether the location or amount changes with Alzheimer 's . ''
The biggest challenge was that the insulin receptor antibody had never been used on brain tissue before .
That meant Webb and her colleagues had to work out the optimal conditions for getting the antibody to bind .
`` There were a lot of things to test here , including pH , temperature , concentration , and whether to break up the tissue with enzymes or not , so this optimisation process took up most of my project . ''
Ultimately , her work helped fill what could be an important gap in understanding how the disease works - and how to beat it .
`` A lot of evidence shows that insulin has effects on brain cells which may be related to Alzheimer 's disease , but no-one has previously characterised the location of insulin receptors in post-mortem brain tissue , '' she said .
`` In the long term , this kind of work is needed to know whether it is worth making a drug to target the insulin receptor in some way to treat Alzheimer 's disease . ''
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government to grant him asylum instead of deporting him to a country where he believes he 'll be killed .
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles he wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused his name to end up on a hit list . Mexico is one of the world 's most dangerous places for journalism , likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq . At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year .
After coming within hours of possible deportation , Gutierrez , 54 , is now appealing that denial . The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez 's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger .
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca , Texas , Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists , though he did not make specific allegations .
Advertisement
`` The biggest criminal organization is the government , '' Gutierrez said . `` I 'm afraid to take one step into Mexico . ''
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims . Over a five-year period ending in September 2016 , the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000 .
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists . But Eduardo Beckett , Gutierrez 's lawyer , accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico , and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers .
`` There is no more humanity , '' Beckett said . `` The new tactic is , we 'll pressure you , we 'll keep you detained , in hopes you 'll give up . ''
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year . After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility , reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding .
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists , with about 600 enrollees nationwide . But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year , and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them . Meanwhile , high-profile killings have continued , including the death of Javier Valdez , a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state .
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste , a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua . He said his problems began after he wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua , which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas .
After receiving what his advocates called veiled threats , Gutierrez discovered his name had been placed on a hit list . So he fled north with his teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008 , seeking asylum .
He spent seven months in detention before his release in January 2009 , while his application for asylum remained pending .
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso . Instead , he supported himself by operating a food truck , Beckett said . His son , now 24 , works in a restaurant . But while in the United States , Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if he returned , he would end up like other journalists who were killed .
After nine years , a judge denied his asylum request in July , and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed his appeal in November .
His advocates say he came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of his deportation .
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday . ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency 's custody `` pending disposition of his immigration case . ''
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @ nomaanmerchant . Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report .
___
Sign up for the AP 's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas : —http : //apne.ws/2u1RMfv
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) has published a research report on the global electric vehicles market , determining the overall revenue generated in the market in 2012 at US $ 83.54 billion and estimating the development of this market at a CAGR of 19.2 % between 2013 and 2019 . The global electric vehicles market is projected to attain US $ 271.67 billion by 2019 in terms of revenue .
In terms of volume sales , the market is predicted to trade 64.4 million units of electric vehicles by the end of the forecast period.According to the report , titled “ Electric Vehicles Market – Global Industry Analysis , Size , Share , Growth , Trends and Forecast , 2013 – 2019 ” , the high operating cost of conventional vehicles has shifted consumers ' interest towards electric vehicles .
Apart from this , electric vehicles are eco-friendly , as they do not pollute the air , unlike their conventional counterparts . These factors are driving the global electrical vehicles to a great extent .
On the other hand , electrical vehicles can be driven short distances only , as they require to be charged very often , which is severely affecting the market for electrical vehicles in the global arena . In addition to this , their high purchasing costs also hamper the growth of this market.Electric cars , electric buses , electric motorcycles and scooters , and other electric automobiles are described as the key product segments of the global electric vehicles market in this report .
Obtain Brochure Of Report https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=248
In 2012 , electric cars generated the highest revenue in the overall electric vehicles product market . The electric cars market is expected to maintain its dominance over the forecast period in terms of revenue.In terms of revenue , the market for other electric vehicles such as electric bicycles and trucks stood at the second position in 2012 .
The same year , the market for electric bicycles led the overall electric vehicles product market in terms of volume . The segment is likely to produce the highest number of units during the forecast period .
Regionally , the electric vehicles market in North America dominated the global market with a 38.3 % share in 2012 owing to various initiatives such as corporate average fuel economy program ( CAFEP ) by several governments of this region . The government of the U.S. , in particular , is taking significant initiatives such as constructing charging facilities for electric vehicles to enable them to cover long distances .
Obtain Sample Of Report https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=S & rep_id=248
In Asia Pacific , several programs and initiatives such as government support for research and development , subsidies for electric vehicle buyers , tax incentives , and public education programs to spread awareness regarding the benefits of electric vehicles . On account of these efforts , the electric vehicles market in Asia pacific is expected to report significant growth over the forecast period .
Additionally , the initiatives taken by European governments supporting green technologies in the automotive industry is expected to fuel the electric vehicles market in this region , as per the report.Tesla Motors , General Motors , Nissan Motors , Mitsubishi Motors , Renault , Volkswagen , Smith Electric Vehicles , Toyota Motors , and Daimler are some of the key players in the global electric vehicles market profiled in this report and according to it , General Motors , Nissan , Honda , Tesla , and Toyota collectively held a majority share of the overall market in 2012 .
UM Initiative Designed To Address Growing Demand For Healthcare Workers
Sheila Stearns is barely three months into her interim position as president of the University of Montana . The former Commissioner of Higher Education and UM alumna freely admits that she has plenty to learn about what 's happening on campus .
`` There are so many interesting things that have been happening on campus that I thought , ‘ Wow if I did n't know about those , I 'm thinking a lot of other people do n't either , ' `` says Stearns .
Stearns considers the UM Health and Medicine – or UMHM – initiative to be one of those interesting programs .
`` If you want to go to medical school , you can come to the University of Montana and perhaps have a neuroscience major or a bio-med major of some kind . We have 40 majors in our UMHM that might lead you to a health professions degree , '' Stearns says .
Former University of Montana President Royce Engstrom announced the UMHM initiative just over a year ago . It was designed to help address a growing demand for healthcare workers in Montana . One analysis predicts that demand is going to grow by 40 percent over the next decade .
UM is positioning itself to become a prominent health campus in the region . It 's also faced declining enrollment since 2011 's record of over 15,000 students and needs to attract more students to campus . University officials want to highlight programs they hope will capture the public 's attention and imagination .
They believe UMHM can help do just that .
`` We do n't have data yet to know how well we 're bolstering undergraduate enrollment in health sciences , but I know if we did n't have it , it would n't be as strong , '' says Reed Humphrey , UM 's Dean of the College of Health Professions and Biomedical Sciences . `` Just this year we introduced an undergraduate neuroscience major which already has over 60 majors . If you 're a parent in Montana , and your kid wants a career in health professions , this is the place where they 'll get the broadest range and deepest resume . ''
The Native American Center of Excellence falls under the UMHM umbrella . It basically nurtures Native students who want to pursue pharmacy or health care delivery careers . It was recently awarded a million-dollar grant .
`` Think about what a difference that will make to the numbers of students and the communities they will serve ; most of them right here in Montana , '' says Stearns .
Wilena Old Person is program coordinator at UM 's Native American Center of Excellence . Old Person points out there are roughly 600 Native American students enrolled at the university . Is she satisfied with that number ?
`` No . We can do better , '' says Old Person . `` One of the things we need to do is mirror the state population , which is 6 percent , and we 're nearing that . We can always do better , but that 's something we work on , my office works on , with our college and campus-wide . ''
No matter how – or if – the Affordable Care Act is altered , UM College of Health Professions and Biomedical Sciences Dean , Reed Humphrey , points out :
`` We 're looking at three to four percent growth rates for the need of practitioners per annum for the next ten years , 16,000 jobs for the state of Montana , including replacing an aging workforce . Politics will always influence policy . We have to stay laser-focused on what our mission is about , which is preparing students in ways that will intentionally improve outcomes . ''
LONDON , ENGLAND -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - Conventional banks may have been left reeling by 2016 's numerous economic shocks , but Islamic Finance has continued to thrive over the past 12 months . A growing demand for Sharia-compliant services has seen the industry expand rapidly over the past decade , and the Islamic banking market is showing no signs of slowing down in 2017 . As a wave of new Sharia-compliant competitors begin to flood the market , the World Finance Islamic Finance Awards honour the Islamic institutions staying ahead of the curve .
2017 is shaping up to be an exciting year for Islamic finance . Islamic banks are now expanding at an annual rate of 19.7 percent , far outpacing the growth of conventional banks . Indeed , Islamic banks ' capital now stands at an impressive $ 3trn , with this figure expected to reach $ 4trn by the early 2020s . In the midst of global economic uncertainty , consumers are increasingly gravitating towards Islamic finance as a stable alternative to risk-prone conventional banking .
There are now more than 300 Islamic banks across the globe , with Sharia-compliant banks rapidly gaining popularity in non-Muslim majority countries . The UK , Luxembourg , Hong Kong and South Africa have all recently issued sukuks ( Islamic bonds ) , while the US now boasts 25 exclusively Islamic banks . As traditional financial institutions come under pressure to diversify into popular Sharia-compliant services , established Islamic banks are looking to stay competitive through innovation .
According to a recent Ernst & Young ( EY ) survey , more than half of the world 's Islamic banks are currently investing in digital banking initiatives , with pledges ranging from $ 5m to a staggering $ 20m . This digital drive will allow Islamic banks to effectively respond to the demands of their consumers , who have come to expect flexible , on-the-go mobile banking as standard . As Sharia-compliant banks look to grow their online presence , 2017 could well be the year Islamic finance goes digital .
In the latest issue of World Finance , we celebrate the brightest names in this flourishing financial sector . Together , our team of judges has found the very finest examples of innovation , adaptability and excellence in the industry , honouring the most deserving institutions in this year 's World Finance Islamic Finance Awards .
To see the full list of this year 's winners , pick up the latest issue of World Finance , available in print , on tablet and online now .
http : //www.worldfinance.com
World News Media is a leading publisher of quality financial and business magazines , enjoying a global distribution network that includes subscriber lists of the most prominent and senior decision-makers around the world , as well as comprehensive airport , hotel and conference site distribution .
TODAY ( WEDNESDAY )
• Airsman , Michael Teryl . 11 a.m. today at Williamson Funeral Home .
• Forman , June L. Graveside funeral services 11:30 a.m. today at Ashland Cemetery in Ashland . The family will meet friends 10-11:15 a.m. today at Buchanan & Cody Funeral Home in Ashland .
• Hale , Holly Gaye . 11 a.m. today at Worthington Funeral Home .
• Howard , Raymond Paul . 10 a.m. today at Daws Family Funeral Home in South Jacksonville .
• Patterson , Barbara . 1 p.m. today at Niebur Funeral Home in Pittsfield . Visitation 11 a.m.-1 p.m. today at the funeral home .
—
THURSDAY
• Bushnell , Ardene King . 3 p.m. Thursday at Airsman-Hires Funeral Home in White Hall . Visitation 4-7 p.m. today at the funeral home .
• McEuen , Jean Ernest . Noon Thursday at the Niebur Funeral Home in Pittsfiel , with military honors at the Douglas Cemetery near Milton . Visitation 10 a.m.-noon at the funeral home .
• Wheeler , Marie Annette Wiley . 11:30 a.m. Thursday at Airsman-Hires Funeral Home in White Hall . Friends may call from 10 a.m. Thursday until service time at the funeral home .
—
FRIDAY
• Glenn , Joyce . Memorial gathering 2-4 p.m. Friday at Mott & Henning Funeral Home in Athens .
• Woolsey , Ronald Christy . 10 a.m. Friday at Crawford Funeral Home in Jerseyville . Visitation 4-8 p.m. Thursday at the funeral home .
—
SATURDAY
• Crow , Kenneth R. 11 a.m. Saturday at Neece-Airsman-Hires Funeral Home in Waverly . Friends may call 4-7 p.m. Friday at the funeral home .
• Driver , Helen F. Noon Saturday at Faith Lutheran Church in Jacksonville . The family will meet friends 10 a.m.-noon Saturday at the church .
• Lipcamon , Delphine . Memorial service 11 a.m. Saturday at the Niebur Funeral Home in Pittsfield . Visitation 10-11 a.m. at the funeral home .
• Williams , Marilynn Sue ( Chamberlain ) . Celebration of life 1 p.m. Saturday at the Moose Lodge in Jacksonville .
—
SUNDAY
• Greiwe , Mary Ellen . Memorial reception 2-5 p.m. Sunday at the Airsman-Hires Funeral Chapel in Griggsville .
—
MONDAY , JUNE 12
• Doyle , Marian A . Memorial Mass 11 a.m. Monday , June 12 , at Our Saviour Catholic Church . Meet with family at 10 a.m. Huber Funeral & Cremation Services Eden Prairie Chapel is in charge .
TSX-listed gold producer Anaconda Mining will offer shareholders in TSX-V-listed explorer Maritime Resources about 28 % more for their shares , the company announced on Wednesday .
Anaconda will increase its hostile offer from 0.39 to 0.50 of a common share for each Maritime share , provided that Maritime does not conclude its proposed dilutive private placement as announced in June .
Advertisement
Under the improved offer , Maritime shareholders would own about 27 % of Anaconda , if accepted .
Anaconda said it believed the new offer consideration was a fair and full offer to the Maritime shareholders .
Advertisement
“ The offer represents $ 0.21 per Maritime share and a premium of about 108 % , based on the 20-day volume-weighted average prices of the Maritime shares on the TSX-V and the Anaconda shares on the TSX , immediately preceding the date Anaconda announced its intention to make an offer to Maritime shareholders on March 19 , ” the company said .
The increased offer also represents a premium of about 82.5 % based on the closing price of the Maritime shares on the TSX-V and the Anaconda shares on the TSX on July 3 .
Anaconda has taken the increased offer directly to Maritime shareholders , after the target company 's management and board of directors declined to engage in “ constructive dialogue ” .
Anaconda slammed Maritime 's proposed private placement as a “ defensive tactic ” to its takeover bid , which is “ intended to place discounted Maritime shares in the hands of a few investors ” .
`` While Maritime management has not been willing to engage in any constructive dialogue towards a business combination , they do appear willing to sell about 20 % of the company for less than $ 0.10 apiece , while shareholders face the prospect of virtually unlimited dilution for the uncertain possibility of production at an unknown time in the future . ”
“ Our improved offer allows Maritime shareholders to benefit from a compelling purchase premium while avoiding significant unwarranted dilution from the proposed private placement . Maritime shareholders will also be able to participate in the building of an emerging Atlantic Canadian gold producer with a significant growth profile and a management team that is invested and has demonstrated the ability to execute on its business plans , ” Anaconda president and CEO Dustin Angelo said in a statement .
Anaconda 's offer will expire on July 27 .
Network centric warfare is a system of smart sensors , command & control systems , and accuracy weapons that enable enhanced situational awareness , rapid target assessment , and distributed weapon assignment . Network centric warfare market is estimated to grow significantly owing to increasing R & D within defense industry and need of real-time data in battlefield . Moreover , growing need for the networking of unmanned platforms and transformation of battlefield in the IT age would further boost the market growth . However , reducing defense budgets of developed nations might hinder the market pace in coming years . On the other hand , increased bandwidth capabilities would provide lucrative opportunity for the network centric warfare market . Land segment is anticipated to garner the highest revenue during forecast period .
Network Centric Warfare Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on platform , application , mission type , communication network , architecture , and region .
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period ( 2017-2024 ) .
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed .
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics ( drivers , restraints & opportunities ) and their impact analysis for the forecast period .
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities .
• Porter 's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment .
• Identification of the network centric warfare market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators .
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the network centric warfare industry based on their strategic attempts , financial status , and other internal and external parameters .
Request Sample Copy of the Report @ www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/network-centric-warfare-market/request-sample
Network Centric Warfare Market Segmentation
By Platform
• Land
• Air
• Naval
• Unmanned
By Application
• Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance ( ISR )
• Communications
• Computers
• Cyber
• Combat
• Command & Control
• Electronic Warfare
By Mission Type
• Tactical
• Strategic
By Communication Network
• Wired
• Wireless
By Architecture
• Hardware
• Software
Network Centric Warfare Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific ( APAC )
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report , we offer 20 % of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client 's interest in the network centric warfare market . Following are some most desired customization offers on this report :
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client 's research requirements .
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments ( as per request ) .
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request .
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on network centric warfare market covering specific country/region only .
Requests for data tables only ( specific requirement to quantitative research ) .
Request for Customized Report @ www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/network-centric-warfare-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity , extensive research , and infallibility . We provide syndicated market research reports , customization services , and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges . We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics .
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world . A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments . The research reports offering market forecasts , market entry strategies , and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential .
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East , # 206 , Washington , NJ 07882
Tel : 1-908-379-7709
Fax : 1-908-379-7709
Email : help @ esticastresearch.com
The Regional School Unit 5 Unity and Pride Project was created to establish engagement , excitement and a sense of belonging in our school district . As I consider the words “ pride , unity , engagement , excitement , ” I ca n't help but think back to a recent event .
Freeport High School hosted its first soccer games under the lights . The boys ' game drew a crowd of 500 spectators , while the girls ' game the next day drew another 300 . In attendance we had parents , siblings , grandparents , friends , neighbors , faculty members , youth soccer , and a student section . It was much more than just a soccer game . It was a community event . The atmosphere and environment was inspiring and uplifting . Compared to the 55 spectators at a typical 3:30 p.m. game , the level of community engagement , support , and excitement created by playing under the lights was unprecedented .
Athletics is a special medium that has the power to bring people from all walks of life together . It creates a sense of community pride , belonging to something that is bigger than yourself . I can think of no better way to continually create pride , unity , engagement , excitement and a sense of belonging in our school district than to approve , fund , and build the proposed eight-lane running track and artificial turf field with lights . The facility will become a meeting place for community members of all ages : a place to congregate , a place to share , a safe place to walk , run , and exercise . Please vote . The referendum is Tuesday , Jan. 10 .
Craig Sickels
RSU 5 athletic administrator
Freeport
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) — St. Louis police have identified the man killed by an officer after allegedly shooting at police as they served a search warrant for drugs at a home .
Police said Wednesday that the man killed was 63-year-old Don Clark .
Police said a 40-year-old officer and colleagues were executing search warrants Tuesday night after a six-month investigation when Clark shot at them . The officer returned fire .
Clark was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead . The officers were not hurt .
Police said illegal drugs , two guns and a large amount of ammunition were recovered as a result of the search warrants . The officer involved in the shooting is on administrative leave pending an internal investigation .
France 24 Ireland 0
It was a night to forget for Ireland in Toulouse , as they suffered a comprehensive defeat at the hands of France in their Women 's Six Nations opener .
This game represented the dawn of a new era for Ireland , following the retirement of several key players and the appointment of interim head coach Adam Griggs .
However , thanks to eye-catching tries from Cyrielle Banet , Jade Le Pesq ( two ) and Jessy Trémoulière , France comfortably secured a bonus-point victory at Stade Ernest Wallon .
While Leinster winger Megan Williams was the sole debutant in their starting line-up , France were the odds-on favourites to maintain their perfect home record against Ireland . Fullback Trémoulière 's early penalty rebounded off the posts , but after she combined effectively with Pauline Bourdon , Montpellier winger Banet stepped inside from the right wing for a sixth-minute try .
With their opponents already dictating play , Ireland needed to establish some territory of their own . The returning Niamh Briggs found touch with a brace of close-range penalties , but Les Bleus eventually claimed their second try on 25 minutes .
Bourdon 's crossfield ball was gathered by Caroline Boujard – who released Le Pesq for a superb score underneath the posts .
Trémoulière supplied the extras on this occasion , before crossing over from a subsequent attack to give France a 17-0 interval lead . This left Ireland with a lot of ground to cover , although they did find themselves on the front-foot when the action resumed .
They lost Ciara Cooney to injury just before the hour mark , and with Ciara O'Connor indirectly replacing the Railway Union secondrow , there was a significant reshuffle in the Irish pack .
In her absence , Ireland worked hard to halt France 's quest for a fourth try , before Le Pesq completed the scoring with a neat finish in the right corner on 72 minutes .
FRANCE : J Trémoulière ; C Boujard , J Le Pesq , C Boudaud , C Banet ; P Bourdon , Y Riovalen ; L Arricastre , A Sochat , J Duval ; C Ferer , S N'Diaye ; M Mayans , G Hermet , R Ménager .
Replacements : M Ménager for Boujard ( 46 mins ) ; G Mignot for Sochat , P Carricaburu for Duval ( both 50 ) ; D Traore for Arricastre , A Forlani for Fere ( both 54 ) ; G Venier for Riovalen , C Diallo for R Ménager ( both 59 ) ; E Coudert for Banet ( 72 ) .
IRELAND : K Flood ; M Williams , C McLaughlin , S Naoupu , A Miller ; N Briggs , A Hughes ; L Peat , C Moloney , F Reidy ; C Cooney , O Fitzsimons ; A Caplice , C Molloy , C Griffin .
Replacements : N Fryday for Fitzsimons , P Fitzpatrick for Caplice ( both 45 mins ) ; L Lyons for Reidy ( 50 ) ; C O'Connor for Cooney , M Healy for Hughes ( both 57 ) ; M Coyne for Flood , N Caughey for Briggs , L Feely for Peat ( all 75 ) .
Referee : I Tempest ( England ) .
RISING STAR : CQUni grad , Jadee Rhodes , takes career from Bundy to the bright lights of Hollywood , while working for a cause .
RISING STAR : CQUni grad , Jadee Rhodes , takes career from Bundy to the bright lights of Hollywood , while working for a cause .
A BUNDABERG CQUni graduate has taken her career from the Rum City to the bright lights of Hollywood .
Jadee Rhodes is working to change the world through her passion for storytelling in Los Angeles .
The former Bundaberg girl has been named as a finalist in the Best Drama and Best Overall Screenplay in the Oaxaca Film Festival , for her film script Sun , My Son .
The love story , which focuses on the cruelty of human trafficking , is set in Mexico , and Jadee said she aimed to grow awareness about the global crime .
`` I wrote Sun , My Son with all my heart , soul and tears , and greatly believe in the story and its ability to create positive impact , ” she said .
The script has also been preselected for Best Screenplay in the Toronto International Independent Film Festival 2018 .
Jadee , who graduated from a Bachelor of Professional Communication at CQUniversity in 2007 , worked as a radio announcer on HitzFM Bundaberg and River94.9 before studying acting .
Working in theatre , tv commercials and modelling , Jadee then started a voice-over company , and since 2014 has been based in Los Angeles , contracting to US and Australian organisations .
Sun , My Son is n't the first time Jadee has combined her profession with her passion .
Since 2012 , she 's worked with nature and wildlife agency the Western Alliance for Nature , capturing footage of baby seal births off the coast of California , and promoting conservation messages .
`` My paramount career goal is to follow my heart and work on projects I am passionate about , ” she said .
Jadee credits her experience studying at CQUni as a great grounding to get involved with every aspect of filmmaking .
`` I studied with some of the best and learnt a wide range of skills that equipped me for understanding and communicating with other media professionals , and it really did prepare me for the future , ” she said .
Jadee will travel to Oaxaca for the eight-day film festival next month , and she hopes the message of Sun , My Son will resonate globally .
`` Human trafficking is one of the largest crimes around the globe and involves a range of atrocities from organ harvesting , coercion and slavery , ” she explained .
`` Through awareness and education we can shine light on the unacceptable and help stand up for human rights for all . ”
CQUniversity offers a range of courses in Professional Communications , Performing Arts and Digital Media .
For more information visit cqu.edu.au/study .
There are 12 parades taking place tonight - according to the Parades Commission website .
According to the Parades Commission the events taking place are :
Drumquin Pipe Band Drumquin
LOL 1043 Clough
Charity Band Parade for Autism NI Bushmills
Pettigo no 10 Kesh
Pride Of The Village Beragh
Pound Bridge & District Community ... Ballylesson
Hamiltonsbawn Silver Band Hamiltonsbawn
Broughshane LOL No503 Broughshane
Ballynafeigh District LOL No 10 Belfast
Schomberg Society Kilkeel Limited Kilkeel
Milltown Arch Committee Milltown
Carrickfergus District LOL No 19 Carrickfergus
The Arizona Cardinals are not in this year 's Super Bowl . After an 8-8 season , they did not even make the postseason , but running back David Johnson is watching everything that happens . He is paying attention to everything surrounding the big game and all that the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles are going through .
Watching it all is building up some hunger .
He wants to go to a Super Bowl and experience everything that comes with it . He even imagines how it would be like .
“ I want to actually play in a Super Bowl , ” said Johnson , according to Kent Somers for the Arizona Republic . “ I 'm always thinking about what questions I would get asked , what I would say . Really just trying to enjoy the moment and sit back and thank God I have the opportunity to play in the Super Bowl . Maybe next year . ”
The Cardinals are undergoing big changes this offseason . They have a new coach . They will have a new quarterback .
If the Cardinals can get there next year , Johnson will have a big part of that .
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire 's Jess Root on the Rise Up , See Red podcast . Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio .
SMU wide receiver Courtland Sutton ( 16 ) narrowly escapes a tackle attempt by Connecticut Huskies defensive back Tahj Herring-Wilson ( 14 ) during the second quarter of a football game between the Connecticut and SMU on Saturday , September 30 , 2017 at SMU 's Ford Stadium in Dallas .
FRISCO -- Despite anything said by the Cowboys during a pre-draft news conference Tuesday at The Star , things could change quickly if they get the right offer Thursday night .
In a previous mock draft , I had the Cowboys moving up six spots to grab Florida State safety Derwin James . They were forced to part with their first- and second-round picks in that deal .
But what if the right offer comes to move back ?
In this full seven-round mock , Dallas takes advantage of that scenario .
Round 1 , Pick 19 : Trade back
Trade back with New England . In exchange , the Patriots give the Cowboys picks 31 and 63 . Similar to Travis Frederick 's draft in 2013 , the Cowboys move back and gain an additional Day 2 pick . The Patriots see UT-San Antonio pass rusher Marcus Davenport falling . To get him , they need to get in front of new Detroit Lions head coach Matt Patricia , the former Patriots defensive coordinator .
Round 1 , Pick 31 : Courtland Sutton , WR , SMU
Note : this story was originally published by Cronkite News
TEMPE , Ariz. – Arizona State baseball coach Tracy Smith will return in 2019 despite the team 's back-to-back losing seasons , arguably the worst two-year stretch in the program 's storied history , ASU Vice President for Athletics Ray Anderson confirmed on Tuesday .
Anderson said he still believes Smith is the best man to lead the team 's rebuild in the future .
“ We are retaining Tracy Smith as our head baseball coach and ( are ) excited about the way forward , ” Anderson said , speaking inside the school 's Carson Student Athletic Center in Tempe .
“ I get it . We all want ASU baseball to be at an elite level . We are staying the course because we believe Tracy Smith has a plan , he 's shared with us , that will get us there . ”
During his over 20-minute presser , Anderson laid out several key reasons for bringing Smith back and what to expect from Sun Devils baseball in the future .
RECRUITING
Smith is just 117-110 in four years at ASU , the worst winning percentage by a coach in school history . But on the recruiting trail , Smith has returned the Sun Devils to near-elite status .
In the four years before Smith 's hiring in the summer of 2014 , ASU 's averaged just the 17th-best recruiting class in the country according to Perfect Game rankings . Only twice during that time ( a period when the team was coached by Tim Esmay ) did the Sun Devils crack the top 15 . In Smith 's first three years , ASU finished in the top 12 all three times and averaged the eighth-best class in the country .
It 's an improvement Anderson has n't taken lightly .
“ We are very , very enthusiastic about Tracy 's job and this staff 's job in recruiting , ” he said . “ It 's not coincidental that five or six or seven freshmen started in our lineup . Last year our recruiting class at ASU baseball was one of the best in the country . ”
That class included Spencer Torkelson ( who broke the school 's freshman home run record and finished the regular season leading the NCAA with 25 ) , Alika Williams ( who hit .280 with 20 RBIs ) , Gage Workman ( .276 , 25 RBIs ) and potential pitching ace Boyd Vander Kooi ( who went 3-3 with a 3.00 ERA in an injury-shortened season ) .
Anderson also said he did n't want to “ disrupt ” the program 's future recruiting classes – which Anderson claimed are stocked with pitchers that can bolster the team 's lean staff – by making a coaching change .
“ Those freshmen and sophomores and those pitchers need to have upgraded performance next year because now you have one , two and three very solid recruiting classes that should be able to put it together and play competitive baseball at a level we anticipate , ” Anderson said .
Contrary to much speculation , Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald is facing a more stringent punishment than simply being banished from the dugout in the aftermath of Sunday 's AHL semi-final defeat to Tipperary .
An eight-week suspension – the prescribed term for ‘ physical interference with an opposition player ' – would keep him off the sideline for two championship matches , including the anticipated meeting with provincial champions Kilkenny , but would also require him to play no role in the preparation of the team .
According to Rule 7.5 ( e ) , anyone not subject to match suspensions , which apply to players , shall be suspended from “ all functions , privileges and competitions under the association 's control , but not from membership of the association ” .
This is a clearly a more severe sanction than the general perception of banishment to the stand for matches and would take Fitzgerald away from training in the run-up to the championship just after he has completed a hugely successful league campaign , which saw Wexford promoted to Division One A for the first time in six years .
In a subsequent high point in the league quarter-finals they also defeated Kilkenny in Nowlan Park for the first time in 60 years .
Suspensions for players run from the day of their last match , generally the fixture in which the infraction occurred , but for non-players any punishment dates from the time it is accepted by the individual or the date of any subsequent imposition .
That ca n't be any earlier than this Tuesday when the matter is likely to be considered by the Central Competitions Control Committee at a scheduled meeting to decide on a venue for the last All-Ireland under-21 football final between Dublin and Galway at the end of this month .
Dim view
It is likely the committee will take a dim view of what happened in Nowlan Park , in a match that was broadcast live , despite Fitzgerald 's undertaking that he “ would n't do it again ” .
He is seen on the field jostling with Tipperary 's Jason Forde after running on in the aftermath of Tipp 's 18th-minute second goal during the build-up to which Wexford 's James Breen was clearly fouled .
Seen by a wide audience the pitch incursion has attracted negative publicity for the GAA and Fitzgerald has arguably made matters worse for himself by appearing to suggest that the action was calculated .
“ When Tipp start to get a blitz on you , you just have to – just try to make sure I could lift my lads a small bit . I was hoping they might respond a small bit more . They responded after that which was no harm with a bit of fight . ”
He refused to criticise referee Diarmuid Kirwan for the decision but it has been widely remarked that Tipperary got just one free in the remaining 50 minutes of the match .
There is an infraction of ‘ discrediting the association ' but it has been made clear by the GAA 's independent tribunal the Disputes Resolution Authority that they wo n't stand over any use of this provision as catch-all device for punishing more heavily behaviour that is already dealt with in the rule book .
Precedent suggests that the punishment will be for eight weeks in respect of Fitzgerald 's incursion onto the field in Sunday 's AHL semi-final against Tipperary in Nowlan Park . That was the penalty handed down to Derry football manager Damien Barton after an incident in last year 's McKenna Cup final .
During the match against Tyrone , Barton was permitted to enter the pitch as he was Derry 's designated maor foirne under Rules of Control 1.4 . But he became involved in a physical altercation with opposing player Cathal McCarron . Both of them were red carded by Cavan referee Noel Mooney .
McCarron 's one-match suspension meant he missed the first match of his county 's title defence the following year whereas Barton as manager was suspended from the sideline for nearly all of Derry 's league campaign .
The infraction is covered by Rule 7.2 ( c ) IIa : Any type of physical interference with an opposing player or team official .
Shouldering players
If the CCCC impose the eight-week ban , Fitzgerald will miss Wexford 's opening championship match against one of the Leinster round-robin qualifiers , scheduled for Saturday 27th May and also should they win , the semi-final against provincial champions Kilkenny , scheduled for 10th June .
Should a suspension be recommended it would be open to Fitzgerald to opt for a hearing before the Central Hearings Committee .
Speaking on Monday 's RTÉ GAA Podcast Tomás Mulcahy , who captained Cork to the 1990 All-Ireland title , was critical of the Wexford manager 's actions .
“ You can not enter the field of play . You can not be squaring up to opponents . You can not be shouldering players . Maybe the disappointment was from the referee , that he actually let him go back on to the sideline .
“ I thought he should have been put up into the stand . It could have been a serious free-for-all if other players had joined in .
“ There were frees given against Tipperary where everyone felt they were harsh frees . You did n't see Michael Ryan running in off the field . He 's not allowed to cross the white line to go in and challenge a player .
“ It 's not good enough . He 's a linesman beside him , he can air his grievances to the linesman , there 's a fourth official behind him , but all he wanted to do was go in to Diarmuid Kirwan and it could have turned out to be pretty nasty . When he sees it again he 'll agree he was out of order . ”
SPEAKING OUT : Elbow Valley landholder Ben Usher is concerned about the future enforcement of the Invasive Pest Control Scheme .
SOUTHERN Downs landholders are concerned a new Invasive Pest Control Scheme will leave the door open for future leaders to enforce strict expectations upon farmers in the name of pest control .
Elbow Valley landholder Ben Usher was a spokesman for fellow landholders at last week 's community forum at Freestone Memorial Hall .
Residents gathered to discuss a new council-run Invasive Pest Control Scheme and Warwick Saleyards .
Mr Usher expressed confidence in the judgment of current pest control officers , but was concerned about harsher directives that could be given by future managers .
`` The officers that 'll be in charge of enforcing the program they have a lot of room to move and there 'll be a lot a large grey area , ” Mr Usher said .
`` To me it sounds like it 's up to the officer to use common sense , but common sense ca n't be quantified on paper .
`` There 's no quantitative measurement that one boxthorn per 10 acres is okay or it is n't .
`` Everyone 's worried they are going to get fined even if they are doing the right thing . ”
The Invasive Pest Control Scheme began last month and obliges landholders to demonstrate best practice control to remove pests .
A minimum $ 500 levy is charged as part of the program , but landholders will receive a 100 % concession should they meet their requirements .
The cost of the levy varies depending on the unimproved value of the land according to the State Government and will require payment should landholders not meet the requirements .
Mr Usher has been involved in previous council pest control efforts including the 1080 wild dog baiting program .
He believes the scheme has merit , having seen a decrease in dog numbers as a result of the baiting program , but is concerned the scheme will add to the workloads of time poor farmers .
`` It 's more of a factor that you 're going to have to spend some time to write out your management plan to explain to someone else what you 're already doing , ” he said .
`` It 's almost like a little test you 've got to pass somehow you 've got to prove that you are alright . ”
Mr Usher commended Southern Downs mayor Tracy Dobie and the councillors who attended the Freestone meeting .
Councillor Rod Kelly extended an apology for being unable to attend , as he was required to attend a board meeting for Southern Queensland Country Tourism .
Cr Dobie said each landholder would outline their own proposed action and timeframe when they submit their Works Form , saying the council only ask people to be realistic .
`` The council officers will see that the landholder is taking some action , ” she said .
Cr Dobie said areas in New South Wales and Queensland hadhad success with similar processes .
She urged the community to view the scheme as the council and landholders working together .
`` I do n't want landholders to feel they are threatened , ” Cr Dobie said .
`` This is n't about the people who do manage pests on their land , it 's about the people who do n't . ”
'We ca n't do it alone ' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori .
One of Yorkshire 's leading community choirs is seeking a musician to help lead its singers .
Rock Up and Sing ! needs a new assistant choir leader who can help its members develop their skills and continue to impress audiences at regular concerts .
Rhiannon Gayle , who established Rock Up and Sing ! in 2009 , now leads five choirs with more than 400 members .
She is already supported by conductor Andrew Matthews , who runs one of the choirs in Harrogate , and is now looking for another conductor to support her with leading choirs in Harrogate and Skipton .
She said : “ Rock Up and Sing ! has been going from strength to strength over the last eight years , and the team running it has also expanded .
“ We 're now looking for an experienced singing teacher or musician who can help the group to develop even further .
“ With a growing number of rehearsals in Harrogate and Skipton , we need more help to ensure our choir members can perfect what they 've learnt so far and do even more in the future .
“ Rehearsals take place on weekday evenings , and we do at least a couple of concerts and events every year so the choir members can prepare and perform together .
“ We need someone who can be flexible in order to support us at rehearsals on any weekday and at our extra rehearsals on weekends as concerts approach .
“ The new choir leader also needs to have great people skills , real commitment and a tremendous sense of humour – as well as a good singing voice to keep a room full of enthusiastic choir members on track . ”
Anyone interested in the paid role can email info @ rockupandsing.com or call 01423 508500 for more details .
The third round of the FAI Cup has thrown up some interesting fixtures , including a proper local derby between Inchicore Athletic and St Patrick 's Athletic and a battle between Dublin Bus and CIE Ranch that could be already described an all-ticket affair !
Defending champions Cork City face a trip to Dublin to take on famed football nursery Home Farm , while Dundalk , who lost last year 's decider on penalties , have been drawn at home to Cobh Ramblers .
There are a couple of long journeys included as always with Derry City drawn away to Cork 's Blarney United ; Cabinteely must travel to Clare to take on Newmarket United ; while Buncrana side Cockhill Celtic host Limerick .
There are no all Premier League ties but there are two First Division clashes , with Shelbourne at home to Athlone Town and Bray Wanderers hosting Finn Harps .
Shamrock Rovers ' wait to extend their record 24 FAI Cup wins is now in it 's 31st year and they face a trip to play Drogheda United , while Bohemians are also away to First Division opponents , with a trip down the east coast to play Wexford .
The third-round ties take place on the weekend of August 10th to 12th .
FAI CUP FIRST-ROUND DRAW
Drogheda United v Shamrock Rovers
UCD v Pike Rovers
Blarney United v Derry City
Shelbourne v Athlone Town
Newmarket Celtic v Cabinteely
Cockhill Celtic v Limerick
Dundalk v Cobh Ramblers
Bray Wanderers v Finn Harps
Skerries Town v Waterford
Sligo Rovers v Longford Town
Maynooth University Town v Leeds
North End United v Galway United
Home Farm v Cork City
Wexford v Bohemians
Inchicore Athletic v St Patrick 's Athletic
Dublin Bus v CIE Ranch
Ties to be played on weekend of August 10th-12th
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim recently announced that a draft law on the establishment of the Turkish Space Agency , which was submitted to the Turkish Parliamentary Commission for Industry , Commerce , Energy and Technology in February last year , was passed during the current legislative period .
In the event that the space agency , which has been in discussion in Turkey for a long time , will be created , Turkish organizations and institutions functioning in the field of space and aviation technologies will be coordinated from one center .
Individuals and legal entities can develop and design space and aviation devices and systems , create space stations and carry out other activities within the space industry .
Need for a space agency
In an interview with Sputnik , astronomer and professor Ethem Derman said that the construction of a Turkish space agency is a very good idea for the country .
“ I hope the process of creating this structure will be well planned . Turkey really needs a space agency . Recently , the state opened a large research laboratory in which , as planned , 1,000 engineers will work . In addition , an institute was created , where the process of creating and testing satellites will take place , ” Derman said .
He further said that a large amount was spent on the implementation of this project and now all these organizations will be united under the roof of the Turkish Space Agency .
Noting that Turkey can cooperate with Russia in the field of space development Derman said that it could be very useful for Turkey to take the first steps in the development of space technologies together with the developed country in this area .
“ Cooperation with Russia , China or India will allow us to move faster and more efficiently in this matter , ” the astronomer said .
Advanced space technologies
The head of the space technology department at Istanbul Technical University , Alim Rustem Aslan , also believes that the creation of a space agency is a necessary step for Turkey .
“ It is important for Turkey that this project is implemented as soon as possible . If you want to become an advanced country in the world , then you need to strengthen your position in the space field , you need to develop technologies and export them , ” Aslan said .
He further said that today , almost all data exchange is done through space . Thus , space technology is directly reflected in everyday life .
“ If you are not able to ensure the development of these technologies at the proper level , then you become dependent for this on other states . Therefore , there is a serious need in Turkey for the creation of a space agency . I think this will play a very big role in the development of the country , ” Aslan said .
Space exploration is a joint effort
According to the expert , space technologies can not be developed without active interaction with other states . This requires hard work , joint initiatives and large investments .
The leading researcher of the Institute of Space Research of the Russian Academy of Sciences , Natan Eismont , commenting on Turkey 's space exploration program , said that Turkey has participated in cosmic research in cooperation with Russia .
“ Russia has a telescope in Turkey and is successfully working on this telescope . But , it 's another thing to send a spacecraft somewhere , like to another planet or , at least , beyond the atmosphere of the earth . That is an achievement , ” Eismont said .
Russia sets an example
Talking about whether Russia is interested in developing space technologies with Turkey 's participation , Eismont said , “ Of course yes , as with any other country because , in fact , all these activities are initially international . It is important to use the competences and the most advanced technologies of any country . ”
He further said that Turkey also has some really good specialists and scientists who are engaged in fields that are necessary for the development and installation of instruments on space vehicles .
Oleg Vaisberg , chief researcher at the Space Research Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences , also believes that Turkey could implement Russia 's experience in space technology .
“ Currently we are cooperating with Turkey , so of course our experience can be useful . Even after all , some of our experience has been and remains useful to the US . Therefore , our country can provide assistance . For example , the Chinese also started out first by copying the Russian decisions . Therefore , I think that such a cooperation is possible and would be very useful , ” Vaisberg said .
CC0
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Russia
Oklahoma and Comanche County still have work to do to encourage healthy lifestyles , but there 's plenty to celebrate in the gains that have already been made .
That was one of the messages Friday at the Oklahoma Tobacco Settlement Endowment Trust ( TSET ) Healthy Living Program legislative breakfast at Comanche County Memorial Hospital .
First the bad news . TSET Executive Director John Woods told the breakfast meeting that 7,000 Oklahomans died prematurely each year because of tobacco use .
`` It 's our No . 1 killer , '' he said , more than suicides , murders , auto wrecks and alcoholism combined . Minors are still exposed to secondhand smoke in vehicles and there are no comprehensive laws for smoke-free areas .
`` We have cheap cigarettes in Oklahoma and that is helping increase the burden of smoking on our state , '' he said .
The direct cost of medical care for smokers in Oklahoma is $ 1.62 million a year , he said , and $ 1.72 billion in health expenditures can be linked to obesity .
But there is good news . TSET 's tobacco hotline has served more than 360,000 people in their efforts to quit tobacco use , making it the second-busiest program in the country . And he noted that Lawton was one of the first large cities in Oklahoma to ban tobacco use in public places .
Oklahoma TSET has directed funds to the Stephenson Cancer Institute at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center to allow it to become a part of the National Clinical Trials Network . Woods said that will allow cutting-edge treatments to be offered in clinical trials not only in Oklahoma City but across the state .
Tobacco use is n't the only threat to Oklahomans ' health , Woods said . Obesity is a major concern and linked to $ 1.72 billion in annual health care costs in the state .
Changing lifestyles and encouraging Oklahomans to make better choices in nutrition and fitness is a major part of the way forward , he said , and `` your community is leading the way in this effort . ''
Lisa Jansen-Rees , director of Army Community Services for Fort Sill Family and Morale , Welfare and Recreation , said the post has been active in encouraging good health in programs that range from providing healthy snacks at physical fitness centers to encouraging Freedom Elementary 's work .
Fosie Hillis Jr. , a student at Lawton High School , recounted what he 's learned from being a volunteer at Memorial and working with fifth-graders who walk to Lawton High for a pep rally to encourage healthy living .
Following news that Family Feud has been cancelled , we take a look back at these stellar moments from the show 's 100th episode anniversary .
Family Feud has been the source of a lot of laughter since it came to New Zealand television screens .
Here are some of the best ( or worst , depending on how you look at it ) answers on the show so far , starting with one from a celebrity episode featuring Hunt For the Wilderpeople 's Julian Dennison .
READ MORE : Family Feud Cancelled as Dai Goes Dancing
What 's Julian Dennison up to in his spare time ?
The question :
Advertisement
`` Name an animal we eat , that would never eat us . ''
The answer :
: `` A horse ? ''
Is horses on the board ? Dai : `` Name an animal we eat , that would never eat us '' Julian : `` A horse ? '' Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Monday , 23 May 2016
The best part about this is Julian 's clearly just throwing the towel in by making his answer another question : a horse ? Maybe .
To be fair , there was that time a handful of British supermarkets were discovered to be selling horse meat in the frozen section , so he 's not entirely wrong .
Oi , with the horses already
The question :
`` Name a tall breed of dog . ''
The answer :
`` A horse . ''
Horse is Not a Dog Dai : `` Name a tall breed of dog . '' Aurora : `` A horse . '' Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Sunday , 17 April 2016
The best part about this is Aurora knows it 's wrong ( she 's not stupid ) , but she 's just thought `` hey , might as well '' .
You never know , one of the 100 Kiwis surveyed may well have drawn a blank and written horse too . Either way , bonus points for having a crack at impersonating a horse .
Well , you 're not entirely wrong
The question :
`` Give me a word that rhymes with jumper . ''
The answer :
`` Jumper . ''
Let 's see if you can beat Heather 's answer ? Give us a word that rhymes with Jumper . Tune in tonight 5.30pm for more funny moments # familyfeudnz Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Thursday , 18 February 2016
Clearly , Heather heard somewhere that confidence is key .
Hey , if rappers can get away with rhyming by repeating the same word , why ca n't she ?
Just your finest mammal , please
The question : `` Name an animal beginning with M . ''
The answer : `` Mammal ''
Of Mammals and Mammal Milk Dai asks : `` Name an animal beginning with M. '' Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Thursday , 7 April 2016
Everything about this is great . But nothing more so than Ethan answering the question `` what sort of milk comes from a mammal ? `` , with `` mammal milk '' .
By the time they 're done , mammal does n't even sound like a real word anymore .
Only in New Zealand , eh ?
The question :
`` Name something that gives you support . ''
The answer :
`` Social welfare . ''
Hilarious Social Welfare Moment This is literally the BEST answer we 've had on Feud so far ! Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Tuesday , 8 March 2016
This one 's the gift that keeps on giving . First of all , Ben seems pretty stoked with that answer and he should be . That 's the kind of one liner a comic might work into a set .
But also , not only does Dai find it hilarious , but he seems genuinely outraged when the answer does n't come up on the board . Because once again , he 's not wrong .
Just what doors are the PM opening ?
The question :
`` Name a type of key . ''
The answer :
`` I 'm going to say ... John . ''
John Key Dai : `` Name a type of key . '' Jakob : `` I 'm going to say ..... John . '' Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Monday , 21 March 2016
The best part about this is , while everyone 's sitting around cracking up at Jakob 's ridiculous answer , it turns out it is n't that ridiculous .
Not only is `` John Key '' on the board , it 's the second most popular answer .
The ultimate wedding crasher
The question : `` Something you might take home [ from a wedding ] ''
The answer : `` Bridesmaids . ''
Paki and His Bridesmaids Dai asks : 'Name something you might take home from a wedding . '' and we are cracking up at Paki 's answer ! So good . Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Wednesday , 4 May 2016
As Dai points out , what 's funny about this is Paki makes a special effort to make it a plural - Bridesmaids , not just one .
It 's not technically on the board , but the sentiment 's very much the same . On ya , Paki .
Ya walked right into that one , Dai
The question :
`` Besides an animal , name something that is hairy . ''
The answer :
`` Dai Henwood . ''
Dai Henwood is a Hairy Man And the 6th most popular answer is ... Dai Henwood ? ! Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Friday , 8 April 2016
Dai was the sixth most popular answer on the board .
Need we say more ?
These women are out of control
The question : `` Name something that 's hard to control . ''
Answer one : `` The wind . ''
Answer two : `` A car . ''
Things are out of control We 've had some surprising answers before , but none quite like this ! # AnythingCanHappen Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Wednesday , 8 June 2016
Sure , the weather is hard to control . If by `` hard '' , you mean `` impossible '' . And if you answered `` car '' , then please , for us , stay off the roads .
What 's even better than these answers though , is the fact that Dai mocked both of them , only to discover they were on the board .
Which leads us to our final moment :
You may be wrong , but at least you 're not alone
The question :
`` Apart from Wellington , name a capital city . ''
The answer :
`` Auckland . ''
Since when was Auckland a capital city And this was n't the only shocking answer of the night ... Posted by Family Feud New Zealand on Monday , 13 June 2016
Janet starts out confident , only realising her mistake when the audience 's laughter fails to let up .
But the joke 's on all of us , because it turned out a bunch of other people also think Auckland 's a capital city , and it was on the board .
You 've got to love a quiz show where you 're only as right or wrong as the people around you .
' A Voice Merle Haggard Would Be Proud Of : ' Melissa Forrette 's Old-School Country ( `` Musician 's Spotlight , '' June 8 and August 17 , 2017 )
Singer-songwriter Melissa Forrette decided to forgo a college volleyball scholarship . Instead , she moved to Montana to work as a wilderness outfitter in the Bob Marshall Wilderness . Her first song , written in the backcountry under a starry sky , was “ Big City Lights , ” a reflection on what she 'd left behind back home in Santa Cruz .
Listen in as Melissa visits with host John Floridis for her debut on `` Musician 's Spotlight . ''
( Broadcast : `` Musicians ' Spotlight , '' 6/08/17 and 8/17/17 . Listen on the radio Thursdays , 7:30 p.m. , or via podcast . )
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media ?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission .
CHIP RIP : Rhys Coppins , 30 , pleaded guilty in Bundaberg Magistrates Court to stealing two packets of chips at BP Airport .
A THIEF who grabbed packets of chips when leaving a Bundaberg servo denied it was him until he was shown CCTV footage , admitting `` I 'm wearing the same jumper ” .
Rhys Coppins , 30 , pleaded guilty in Bundaberg Magistrates Court to stealing two packets of chips at BP Airport on June 16 ; drink driving on May 24 ; driving unlicensed ; and two counts of failing to attend court .
Coppins went into the servo at 5am and paid for a sandwich and cigarettes but grabbed the packets of chips as he left . Staff confronted him and retrieved the chips .
Coppins was also caught drink driving with an alcohol reading of 0.153 .
The court heard he was an alcoholic with health issues but was making serious efforts to abstain .
Coppins was sentenced to seven months jail for the driving and was immediately released to parole . He was disqualified from driving for 12 months .
SALEM , Ore. – ( KGW ) Oregon considers seven dams across the state to be in “ unsatisfactory ” condition .
That means those dams are more closely inspected , and could be declared unsafe if repairs are n't made , said Diana Enright , spokeswoman for the Oregon Water Resources Department .
The state has been getting lots of questions about dam safety , Enright said , as a slow disaster unfolds at Oroville Dam in California , where nearly 200,000 people have been evacuated due to the threat of a breach and uncontrolled flooding .
Officials at the Association of State Dam Safety say thousands of the nation 's 84,000 regulated dams have the potential to fail .
States have permitting , inspection and enforcement authority for about 70 percent of those dams .
Inspection reports are n't routinely released to the public , but Enright provided a list of troubled Oregon dams . They are :
Big Creek Reservoir # 1 ( Lower ) Dam , in Lincoln County ( 21 feet high ) . Big Creek Reservoir # 2 ( Upper ) Dam in Lincoln County ( 56 feet high ) . Crowley Dam in Malheur County ( 90 feet high ) Willow Creek 3 in Malheur County ( 110 feet high ) Ferry Creek Dam in Curry County ( 65 feet high ) . McMullen Dam in Josephine County ( 33 feet high ) . Johnson Creek Dam in Crook County ( 44 feet high ) .
While it 's hard to find out which dams have the potential to fail , a federal database lists those that would have catastrophic consequences if they did .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers maintains the public National Inventory of Dams database .
It classifies dams as “ high hazard potential , ” meaning dam failure would result in the loss of at least one human life ; or “ significant hazard potential , ” meaning dam failure could result in the loss of at least one human life , and likely would result in property or environmental destruction .
Other dams are classified as “ low hazard , ” and some are “ undetermined . ”
Detroit Lake in Linn County , which supplies Salem 's drinking water , is a high hazard dam .
It 's one of 16 Oregon dams operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
Federally operated dams across the country are in good condition , the Association of State Dam Safety Officials said .
“ Public safety is our first priority , ” said Michelle Helms , Corps spokeswoman . “ As part of all that we have a rigorous inspection and monitoring program . ”
Oregon has a total of 869 dams in the NID database .
Of those , 150 are rated high hazard potential and 160 are rated significant hazard potential .
Twenty-four of those high hazard dams , and 93 of the significant hazard dams , are operating without required emergency action plans , documents that lay out everything from inundation maps to notification flowcharts to emergency response duties .
That means 38 percent of Oregon dams near populated areas lack emergency plans .
All seven Oregon dams deemed “ unsatisfactory ” for safety are high hazard dams .
In Marion and Polk counties , high hazard dams include Franzen Reservoir , Silver Creek Dam , Croft Reservoir and Mercer Reservoir .
Sixty-eight percent of Oregon 's dams are privately owned . Fifty-nine percent are used for irrigation . Most of the state 's dams were built between 1950 and 1969 .
Oregon 's highest dams
California 's Oroville Dam , at 770 feet , is the highest dam in the United States . Here 's how Oregon 's top 10 compare :
Cougar Reservoir 519 feet
Detroit Reservoir 450 feet
Round Butte Dam 440 feet
Owyhee Lake 417 feet
Brownlee Dam 400 feet
Green Peter Reservoir 378 feet
Lost Creek Reservoir 345 feet
William L. Jess 345 feet
Hills Creek Reservoir 341 feet
Hells Canyon Dam 320 feet
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp has today been appointed Birmingham City manager .
He replaces Gianfranco Zola who resigned after the terrible defeat against Burton Albion esterday .
Redknapp has inherited a difficult at St Andrew 's - with three vital matches remaining this season .
Here are his biggest priorities after taking charge .
Survival
This is the number one challenge that Redknapp faces .
Blues have three shots at survival starting with Sunday 's crunch derby against Aston Villa .
They are currently just three points ahead of the drop zone in 20th place , having been leapfrogged by Burton yesterday .
Redknapp 's biggest priority is tried to steer Blues clear of a relegation scrap they should never have been in .
Dropping to League One would be fraught with danger .
Repairing morale
After just two wins in 24 , it 's fair to say that morale is naturally at rock-bottom at St Andrew 's .
The las four months have been extremely tough for everybody at the club .
But now with Redknapp bringing a fresh impetus , there is at least the fresh platform in place on which to rebuild the team 's spirit .
And he must do that as soon as possible , because time is running out on Birmingham City 's season .
Lifting not only the players , but the entire club and the fans , off the floor is vital - and if ever there was one chirpy character that could do it ...
Giving the fans something to cheer about
The Blues faithful have seriously suffered since December .
They have watched their side swap a play-off bid for a scrap at the bottom with nothing more than one decision behind it .
Blues supporters saw 14 defeats under their former boss .
There was a very real , and vocal , disconnect between Zola and the fans by the end of his reign , which was laid bare during yesterday 's defeat .
But that total relationship breakdown was limited to Zola and it did n't turn supporters away from backing their players on the pitch .
Redknapp now must reward their support with something tangible to get behind in the final few games , because Blues fans deserve far more than what they have been served up in recent times .
Finding a system that works
Zola was persistent until the very end in his backing of the 3-5-2/5-3-2 system .
The formation did n't yield any measure of success and fans will be desperate to see something different deployed in the fight against survival .
Blues should not be in this mess with the players at the club 's disposal - and finding a tactic that produces results is required .
Just how many positive results Birmingham needs to stay in the division remains to be seen , but any points-taking will have to be as a result of a change in formation .
The intricacies of the new system probably are n't that important to supporters - only that it works .
January joiners
Blues splashed the cash in January but the results of that spending have been catastrophic so far .
It was widely-acknowledged that Birmingham actually recruited well during the window but Zola was never able to get the best out of the players .
Craig Gardner looks a shadow of the player that left the club in 2011 but he does still possess the ability to impress at this level .
Recruits Emilio Nsue and Kerim Frei have both been successes in the Championship before and Redknapp must draw out all of their ability , because Blues are in dire need of strong performances .
Cheick Keita , meanwhile , has huge potential and one would think he would prove a popular choice under the new boss .
With three games left in the survival mission , Redknapp needs to ensure the January recruits step up to the plate .
IOWA CITY , Iowa — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw his name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for his junior season .
Cook announced his decision on Wednesday , which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season .
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa , which finished 14-19 . But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter .
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp , perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery 's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Current Raiders players , Raiders legends , including Pro Football Hall of Famers , and Raiderettes are heading to Las Vegas for a charity event at Top Golf Las Vegas , the organization announced .
The Raiders Foundation 's inaugural `` Celebrity Swing '' is scheduled for May 9 from 6:30 p.m. to 9:00 p.m . The evening featuring golf , food and beverages , will benefit Veterans Village Las Vegas , a nonprofit specializing in local transitional and permanent housing residence for United States veterans , the Raiders said .
`` Relaunched in 2017 , the Raiders Foundation is the charitable arm of the Oakland Raiders and is committed to increasing community and civic health through military support and youth development , '' the organization said .
Top Golf Las Vegas is located at 4627 Koval Lane , Las Vegas , NV 89109 .
Individual tickets and sponsorships at different levels can be purchased by contacting Chris Mallory at CMallory @ Raiders.com or online at www.RaidersFoundation.org .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
The father of a boy killed by an IRA bomb attack in Warrington 25 years ago has said the memories of that terrible day are still fresh in his mind .
Colin Parry 's 12-year-old son Tim was one of two children killed in the atrocity on March 20 , 1993 .
Three year-old Johnathan Ball was one of two Warrington victims
Three year-old Johnathan Ball also lost his life and over 50 others were injured when IRA terrorists detonated two bombs hidden in litter bins .
No one has ever been brought to justice for the attack .
Today , a quarter of a century later , Warrington town centre will fall silent to mark the events of that horrific day .
There will be speeches , choir performances , readings and a minute 's silence as crowds gather at Bridge Street , where the bombs exploded .
Tim Parry was shopping for football shorts when the bomb exploded
Speaking to the News Letter yesterday , Mr Parry said the day of the bombing remains etched in his memory .
“ It is all still very clear in my mind ; I can recall that awful day with almost 100 % accuracy , ” he said .
Tim , an avid-Everton fan , had been shopping for football shorts when the bomb exploded . He died five days later in hospital .
Devastated by their loss , Mr Parry and his wife Wendy were determined to ensure that something good came out of the evil actions perpetrated by the IRA .
In the wake of their son 's death , they became committed peace campaigners , setting up and operating a charitable reconciliation centre in Warrington – The Tim Parry Johnathan Ball Foundation for Peace .
Since May last year , the charity has helped hundreds of victims of the Manchester Arena bombing and the London attacks .
Mr Parry added : “ I think we have achieved a great deal through the foundation . We are now the leading agency in Britain for providing support to victims of terrorism . ”
Mr Parry said he will never forgive the IRA for killing his son , but added that he has never harboured anger towards those who carried out the bombings .
He told the News Letter : “ I have never been angry about what happened . We were far too broken-hearted at the time to have any feelings of anger .
“ We have always taken the view that we can do nothing to change to past but we can focus on making a better future . ”
In 2013 , Mr Parry invited former IRA commander Martin McGuinness to deliver the annual peace lecture in Warrington .
The former first minister died on March 21 , 2017 , and while Mr Parry said he can never forgive the republican leader , he “ respected that he turned his back on violence ” .
Mr Parry told the News Letter : “ I have said many times before that Martin McGuinness and I learned to get along together well and to be able to talk as adults in a grown-up fashion .
“ I recognise the risks he took with his community by developing a working relationship with Ian Paisley . Without him taking those risks I do n't think there would be a Good Friday Agreement . ”
Mr Parry said today 's commemoration events will be “ painful and difficult ” , but added : “ It is about marking the occasion with respect and recognising that something good was able to come from something evil . ”
A minute 's silence will be observed in Warrington at 12.27pm today , the exact time of the bombing .
China penalises 6.7m ‘ debtors ' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
A BRISBANE mum withdrew more than $ 500,000 from her millionaire de facto 's company bank account to `` put herself in a better position '' ahead of their relationship breakdown .
Zebaney Davoren has to pay back $ 520,186 after Supreme Court Justice Peter Davis ruled there seemed “ little doubt ” she took the money .
Zebaney Davoren has to pay back $ 520,186 today after Supreme Court Justice Peter Davis ruled there seemed `` little doubt '' she took the money from Ramy Raymond 's property development company between March and June this year .
The court heard Ms Davoren took the money from the company belonging to Mr Raymond , 48 , from Paddington in Brisbane 's west , `` to live on '' and `` to put herself in a better position '' in the upcoming asset split as part of their break-up .
Apartment developer Mr Raymond discovered the money was missing last month . Ms Davoren 's lawyer Allison Caputo wrote to Mr Raymond 's lawyers on June 28 conceding that `` $ 500,000 was removed '' .
`` Our client felt compelled to ensure that she had some financial security in the event that your client took steps to limit her access to income and property , '' Ms Caputo wrote .
Justice Davis told the court Ms Caputo 's partial admission that Ms Davoren had `` no right to the money '' had raised `` real questions '' about Ms Davoren 's `` criminal responsibility for the misappropriation of the funds '' .
Ms Davoren spent $ 61,250 on a Range Rover , and $ 354,902 of the money remained in her bank account , the court heard . Repayment of the money will put her account into overdraft .
The couple were in a relationship for at least 14 years , since 2001 , but the exact date of their separation is in dispute , the court heard .
Ms Davoren was also bookkeeper for at least one of Mr Raymond 's companies , and withdrew the money via electronic banking .
The court heard Ms Davoren was set to be paid $ 2,475,000 by Mr Raymond in a separation agreement , but this agreement was `` not enforceable '' , and had been changed .
Justice Davis ruled she took the $ 520,186 from Mr Raymond 's company as `` a system of self help '' and because it was `` convenient '' , when she should have left it to the court or a mediator to decide how to split the couple 's assets .
She has been ordered to pay her de facto 's legal costs .
The Army and Marine Corps showed off its new Joint Light Tactical Vehicle at a test track at Marine Corps Base Quantico , Virginia , on June 14 , 2017 . ( Photos by Matthew Cox/Military.com )
The Army and Marine Corps showed off its new Joint Light Tactical Vehicle at a test track at Marine Corps Base Quantico , Virginia , on June 14 , 2017 . ( Photos by Matthew Cox/Military.com )
The Army and Marine Corps showed off its new Joint Light Tactical Vehicle at a test track at Marine Corps Base Quantico , Virginia , on June 14 , 2017 . ( Photos by Matthew Cox/Military.com )
The Army and Marine Corps showed off its new Joint Light Tactical Vehicle at a test track at Marine Corps Base Quantico , Virginia , on June 14 , 2017 . ( Photos by Matthew Cox/Military.com )
The Army and Marine Corps showed off its new Joint Light Tactical Vehicle at a test track at Marine Corps Base Quantico , Virginia , on June 14 , 2017 . ( Photos by Matthew Cox/Military.com )
The Army and Marine Corps showed off its new Joint Light Tactical Vehicle at a test track at Marine Corps Base Quantico , Virginia , on June 14 , 2017 . ( Photos by Matthew Cox/Military.com )
MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO , Va. -- The Pentagon will field its new Joint Light Tactical Vehicle to soldiers of the 10th Mountain Division and Marines with II Marine Expeditionary Force , officials said Wednesday .
In early 2019 , the Army will field 500 JLTVs to an infantry brigade combat team with the 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum , New York .
At the same time , the Marine Corps will equip an infantry battalion with II MEF at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , with 69 JLTVs , officials from the JLTV program office said during a demonstration here to show off the U.S. military 's robust new vehicle , which will replace about one third of the Humvee fleet .
In August 2015 , Oshkosh Corp. beat out Lockheed Martin Corp. , the world 's largest defense contractor , and AM General LLC , maker of the Humvee , for a $ 6.7 billion contract to build the first 17,000 JLTVs for the two services .
`` These were three very capable commercial companies that made some decisions about how to best provide those requirements . The government tested and evaluated them , and eventually we selected what we believe is the very best value for the taxpayer , '' said Army Col. Shane Fullmer , program manager for the Joint Program Office .
The JLTV will come in two variants -- a two-seat utility version and a four-seat general purpose version . The two-seater has a payload of 5,100 pounds ; the four-seater , 3,500 pounds .
The four-seater can be configured into a Heavy Guns Carrier for crew-served weapons such as a .50 caliber machine gun , or a Close Combat Carrier armed with a TOW missile system .
On the test track , program officials demonstrated the JLTV 's relatively comfortable ride compared to the Humvee as it negotiated extremely rough terrain and steep , 60-degree grades .
`` The Humvee will beat you up so bad , '' said Peter Klema , a test technician with Oshkosh Defense , who spent 13 years in the Army as a mechanic .
`` After eight hours in a Humvee , you feel like you have been eight hours in a Humvee . In this , you feel like you have been driving in your car -- a lot less body fatigue . ''
The JLTV has a significantly higher profile than the Humvee . The heavy , clamshell-style doors offer front and rear protection when open . Each seat is equipped with a five-point safety harness .
`` When we first developed the Humvee many years ago , it had great payload and great performance ... but no protection at all , '' Fullmer said .
After entering combat in Iraq and Afghanistan , `` we realized we needed more side and underbody protection , '' he said . `` We were able to put on pretty proficient side protection , but because the way the Humvee was designed , it was very difficult to give any real , substantial level of underbody protection . ''
Then came the Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles , which `` gave very , very good side and underbody protection '' but did not perform well in off-road conditions , Fullmer said .
The JLTV combines the protection of the MRAP and the maneuverability of the later MRAP All-Terrain Vehicle with the transportability of the Humvee , he said .
The JLTV program could be worth up to $ 30 billion , as the Army and Marine Corps plan to buy a total of nearly 55,000 of the combat vehicles . The Army plans to field more than 49,000 JLTVs . The Corps originally planned to buy 5,500 JLTVs , but Marine leaders are considering increasing the buy to 9,091 JLTVs , program officials said Wednesday .
Both services will continue to use the Humvee , especially the ambulance variant since there is no ambulance version of the JLTV , Fullmer said .
The Army continues to examine the possibility of an ambulance variant for the JLTV , but armoring the capsule on the back of the vehicle is a challenge because of the extra weight it adds , program officials say .
-- Matthew Cox can be reached at matthew.cox @ military.com .
Related Video :
U.S. Forest Service Cleared To Hire Seasonal Temps
Job seekers with the U.S. Forest Service got a bit of good news today : the agency has been cleared to hire seasonal temporaries .
Seasonal temporaries could be considered the `` face of the Forest Service '' — they 're trail maintenance workers , engineers , backcountry rangers , says Elizabeth Slown , spokesperson for the Northwest Region of the Forest Service .
`` The work that they do is very , very crucial to us , '' says Slown .
Slown says for the past few weeks , it was unclear whether the Forest Service would be able to hire summer seasonal employees due to President Donald Trump 's federal hiring freeze .
A memo issued January 31 listed exemptions , but it was n't clear until Monday that seasonal workers for national forests were exempted from the freeze . Wildland firefighters and law enforcement related positions were cleared last week .
Slown says national forests in Montana will be a week behind in hiring seasonal temporaries , but , `` we really do n't expect the delay to be anything but minimal . ''
The Northwest Region typically hires 700 - 800 seasonal temporaries for 85 different positions . Those jobs will be posted February 16 through 22 on USAjobs.gov .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — On any weekday morning , Miles Thornback is working on marketing campaigns for real estate agents or dealing with tricky tech issues at the office .
Thornback , who has cerebral palsy , got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa , California , after the owners heard that he 'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets .
Many small business owners are open to hiring or specifically recruit people who have disabilities , sometimes because they want to expand the opportunities for people with talent and skills but who ca n't find jobs . The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent , more than twice the national average .
`` I think a lot of people assume that if you 're disabled , you ca n't work , '' says Thornback , 36 , who uses a wheelchair .
Advertisement
While some jobs he applied for would have required him to do errands , which he could n't have done , at many places he never got a clear explanation of why he was n't considered . In his job , he coordinates with real estate agents and data providers to create postcards and letters that advertise properties for sale .
Jay O'Brien , an owner at the RE/MAX office , learned about Thornback through Goodwill Industries , which works with the Regional Center of Orange County , an organization that provides training and services for people with developmental disabilities .
O'Brien has been impressed with Thornback 's technical abilities , as he 's been able to resolve issues that confounded everyone else . O'Brien and his business partner , Sammer Mudawar , wanted to see Thornback flourish in his work .
`` We did n't want it to be seen as a charity move , '' O'Brien says , such as , `` 'You can park your wheelchair here for two hours a day and we 'll pay you and we can feel better about ourselves . ' ''
The kind of disability a person has can vary , and can be cognitive or physical . So employees may be capable of different types of work . They do face similar difficulties in the workplace that others do n't .
Alyssa and Shawn Cox , who volunteer at a camp for children with Down syndrome , created a store greeter position at one of their three Clothes Mentor locations in North Carolina with the intention of hiring someone with the genetic chromosomal disorder .
They hired Julia Cirone in December . The 20-year-old who works three days a week began by welcoming customers and `` aced that immediately , '' Alyssa Cox says .
Cirone has since started assisting shoppers , helping them pick out clothes . Sales haves increased since she began working at the store , the busiest of the three locations . While the Coxes would like to hire Cirone full time , she wants to do volunteer work the other two days .
There are plenty of people who want to be hired , an `` untapped '' talent pool , according to Joyce Bender , owner of Bender Consulting Services , a company that recruits workers with disabilities .
For businesses that are interested , Bender suggests resources including organizations that help people with disabilities , and state and local agencies including unemployment offices . Many universities have offices that provide services to students with disabilities , including job placement . Colleges , Bender noted , are a good resource for owners who want staffers with science , technology , engineering and mathematics skills .
Business owners do need to abide by federal and state laws if employees with disabilities need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs . That can mean flexible work hours , time off for doctor appointments and desks that can be raised or lowered , says Anne Marie Estevez , an employment law attorney with Morgan Lewis in Miami .
Owners also need to get past some concerns , including what happens if a hire does n't work out .
`` Some employers feel , if I hire the person , I can never let them go even if they 're doing a terrible job . That 's not true , '' says Rebecca Shulman , senior program director at Jewish Vocational Service in East Orange , New Jersey . `` The employer has the right to let them go . ''
Curtis Boyd had recruited a man with neurological problems to work at Future Solutions Media , a Los Angeles-based company that helps businesses handle negative online reviews . But the staffer was unable to sit in front of a computer for hours at a time , and had to leave the job .
Though it did n't work out in that case , Boyd said he would hire a job candidate with a disability again .
While many owners who recruit employees from nonprofit groups know what the person 's disability is , they can not under law ask for details , Estevez says .
When Steven Hollins hired a 16-year-old young man two years ago for his Chick-Fil-A franchise restaurant in Buena Park , California , he knew the new staffer would likely need some extra training , and would have a job coach to help as needed . Hollins left it at that .
The man started out by bringing food to customers at their tables and cleaning up after they left . Within a few months , the job coach left — the employee did n't need any help getting his work done . As time went on , the man sought and was given more responsibilities , and now helps with maintenance tasks .
`` He 's willing to stay late and learn , '' Hollins said . `` That kind of attitude in our business goes a long way . ''
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here : https : //apnews.com/search/joyce % 20rosenberg
Police pull a trapped drunk driver to safety
Shining a light on his own abhorrent driving , a man was arrested for drunk driving after he collided with a streetlamp in Banteay Meanchey province yesterday .
Police say the plastered Poipet resident was gunning down National Road 5 when he ploughed into the post , leaving his Camry pinned , unable to move .
Officers on the scene pulled him out and sent him to the hospital , then impounded his ride for legal action .
nokorwat
Join us here for live updates of the New Zealand sevens from Hamilton .
One score separated New Zealand and England in their last three meetings and that again proved the case as the Kiwis advanced to the Hamilton sevens semifinals .
New Zealand 's tense 19-12 victory , which set up a semifinal against Fiji , was in the balance until the final play . Both teams traded tries but the turning point came when England 's Phil Burgess was yellow carded for throwing the ball away after a penalty .
The extra man advantage allowed Scott Curry to skip away and score what proved to be the match-winning try with one minute remaining , though New Zealand still had to force the English into touch 15 metres out from their line to advance .
Advertisement
New Zealand 's semifinal against Fiji promises to be similarly tense . Last week in Sydney , Fiji beat New Zealand in their final pool match after a length of the field try on full-time , before Clark Laidlaw 's men returned the favour in the playoff for fifth .
In a match which featured countless one-handed offloads and Pacific flair , Fiji were pushed all the way by Gordon Tietjens ' Samoa in their Hamilton quarterfinal , emerging on top thanks to a last minute try from Kalione Nasoko .
Fiji are enjoying support on par with New Zealand so expect the stands to be packed come 4.49pm .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Two climbers have set a speed record for ascending the famous Nose route of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park , one of the world 's most technical and dangerous verticals .
Alex Honnold and his climbing partner Tommy Caldwell on Wednesday raced up the nearly 90-degree , 2,900-foot ( 884-meter ) precipice in 2 hours 10 minutes 15 seconds .
The pair broke the previous record set last October by nearly 10 minutes .
Fellow climber Hans Florine , who once held the Nose record , watched Wednesday 's attempt from below . He says Honnold and Caldwell were moving so fast he knew by the halfway point that they would set a record .
Advertisement
Park Ranger Scott Gedimen congratulated the pair , calling them world-class climbers who work tirelessly to advocate on behalf of Yosemite and all public lands .
A man who saw red when he discovered a text between a friend and his wife , declaring their undying love for each other , has been discharged without conviction on charges of assaulting the man , the defendant 's wife , and one of his children in Queenstown this year .
In the Queenstown District Court yesterday Judge John Brandts-Giesen said it was a `` nasty assault '' , but had to be seen in context .
`` Really , this is a situation that does your wife no credit and does the [ male ] no credit . ''
The defendant , granted name suppression , was out with his wife , children and friend in the resort on September 14 when he spotted the text message .
Advertisement
Judge Brandts-Giesen said the man assaulted the friend and a struggle ensued . When the defendant 's daughter tried to separate the pair , the defendant grabbed her by the throat , pushed her down and held her there .
When the defendant 's wife intervened , he kicked her in the ribs , causing her to fall backwards .
The male complainant suffered scratches , and the defendant 's daughter 's neck was bruised .
Judge Brandts-Giesen said the 58-year-old , who did not recollect hurting his wife and daughter , had never been before the court .
`` There would be many people who would have done exactly what you did , even though it may be against the law to do so .
`` I consider that the consequences of a conviction are out of all proportion to what happened on this occasion . ''
An urgent plea has been made for blood donors with O negative and B negative blood to donate now as stocks are low due to a bank holiday drop off in donations and an increase in demand for certain blood types
NHS Blood and Transplant says that the lack of O negative and B negative donors giving blood in the run up to the bank holiday has meant that stocks of these groups could fall below two days .
So , they are asking anyone who knows they have these blood types but may have not donated before to give blood now .
However , there is a longer-term problem putting real pressure on these blood groups , particularly stocks of O negative .
A spokesperson said : “ O negative is increasingly being used as an emergency substitute for Ro blood because we do n't have enough Ro bloods to meet demand . This rare subtype is more common in black people , but most people do n't know they have this subtype until they donate and there is a huge shortage of Ro blood donors .
“ Currently , there are 15,000 people living with Sickle Cell in the UK , and over 300 new babies born each year with the condition . The urgent need for O negative and B negative is driven by changes in how sickle cell is treated which has significantly driven up demand and we are struggling to match this .
“ There is currently an urgent appeal for more people from the black community to give blood , as NHS Blood and Transplant needs at least 40,000 new black donors to help these patients . Over 7,000 have come forward since our appeal last June , but more are needed to help ease the pressure on blood stocks and make sure people in need receive the best possible blood match . ”
Blood types
O negative is also the ‘ universal ' blood group and is often used when a patient 's blood type is not known , like in emergency situations .
B negative stocks are low also because many patients with serious blood disorders , like sickle cell , need B negative blood . Only 2 % of donors are B negative and it is a blood group more common in black people .
O negative and B negative donors can walk in and donate at most of our fixed site donor centres , without the need to make an appointment or can call 0300 123 23 23 to ask for a priority appointment at one of our community blood sessions .
Mike Stredder , Director of Blood Donation at NHS Blood and Transplant said : “ The overall demand for blood is declining year on year . However , the need for specific blood groups such as Ro blood type and O negative are on the increase .
“ We need an additional 4,000 regular O negative donors to those we have now to consistently provide seriously ill patients with the blood they need . If you know you are O negative or B negative and have never donated before , now is the time to make a difference .
“ If you are O or B negative , please call us on 0300 123 23 23 to get a priority appointment or walk in to one of our fixed site donor centres to give blood . ”
You can get more information about Donor Centres by calling the Donor Line on 0300 123 23 23 or visiting www.blood.co.uk
There was a 75 % increase in the amount of Ro blood issued to hospitals between 2014 – 2016 , with expectations that demand will grow further . A high proportion of this blood will be used to treat sickle cell disease , the most common and fastest growing genetic disorder in the UK .
See also : £1 coins with minting errors selling for £200 – here 's how to spot them
The term ‘ Patient Access ' is broadly used to define as barriers to healthcare as lack of insurance coverage . High deductable health plans and financial limitations . However , these are traditionally termed as front end operations of revenue cycle . Patient access begins with the first point of contact that begins with initial encounter where the staff confirms patient identity , verify insurance coverage provide estimates of ordered services and more . Healthcare industry is currently focusing on streamlining and improving the performance of patient access as accuracy on the front end has proven to reduce bad debts and denials after the patient is either in process or completed the treatment . Technology is a key factor that allows visibility into insurance benefits and other essential sources of information . Patient access solutions comprise web based platforms that deal with electronic medical verification and claims processing system . This system allows the healthcare providers to manage their patient information , access the information in-house/remotely . This service expands beyond traditional healthcare to home , dental , veterinary and chiropractic industries . HealthCare Industry Research Report reveals that the global patient access solutions market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.7 % for the period 2018-2022 and reaching approximately USD 2 Billion by the period end .
As patients engage first with the healthcare system , easy access to all the key information is what he or she looks forwards to . With introduction of healthcare reforms , rising patient bad debt , patient access has become the first line of defense to proactively provide patient access solutions and reach a healthcare bottom line . Health Care Industry Analysis suggests that the Patient Access staff is responsible for 80 cents of every dollar coming into a hospital facility . The features and advantages to these solutions are innumerable . Appointments can be scheduled into a single interface to improve workflows and enable patient workflows . Patient access solutions allow patients to fill open appointment slots by enabling patients to easily search for opportunities and to self schedule . These solutions allow healthcare providers to move payment cycle to the front of the revenue cycle . It allows patient to determine out-of-pocket expenses by comparing cash prices with real time specific member eligibility and other information . The goal is to holistically integrate patient access within the revenue cycle for optimal performance and better servicing the needs of the client . This includes human resources , education as well as integration of scheduling within the billing cycle to create personalized care for patients .
The patient access solution market is dominant in the developed countries with high disposable income and technological access . This industry has its roots in the US . Prominent players in the patient access solutions market are The Advisory Board Company ( US ) , McKesson ( US ) , Epic Systems ( US ) , Cerner ( US ) , Cognizant ( US ) , Experian plc ( Ireland ) , Optum , Inc. ( US ) , Conifer ( US ) , Craneware , Inc. ( UK ) , The 3M Company ( US ) , The SSI Group , LLC ( US ) , ZirMed , Inc. ( US ) , Cirius Group , Inc. ( US ) , and AccuReg Software ( US ) . These services are not yet provided actively in India but with recent technological upsurge , this might set its foot in the country in the near future .
As technology further expands to the other developing nations , this market shall see an overall increasing growth rate , globally . The goal of Patient Access is to educate and support individuals – patients , staff and providers – on their journey to deliver comprehensive , quality health care services . Accessing quality care can yield many benefits , including improved physical , social and mental health status through prevention of disease and disability , detection and treatment of health conditions , higher quality of life , preventable death and longer life expectancy .
To know more , click on the link below :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/SC-91-64.html
Related Report :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/indonesia-healthcare-market/143541-91.html
Contact Us :
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta , Head Marketing & Communications
sales @ kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
A young researcher has combined cutting-edge data analysis and ancient artefacts to gain fresh insights into our country 's pre-European history .
The igneous rock obsidian has long been a useful reference for archaeologists to piece together the past , given Maori used it for a range of tools and activities .
University of Auckland researcher Caleb Gemmell took a new approach to studying them with what 's called social network analysis - a set of tools and data models used to redefine the structure of social groups .
Building off a larger study supported by the Marsden Fund and research supervisors Dion O'Neale and Thegn Ladefoged , his Science Scholars project sought to investigate how pre-European Maori interacted and travelled throughout New Zealand .
Advertisement
`` By using social network analysis , we modelled the flow of material throughout regions of the North Island . ''
This offered Gemmell an idea about how groups were trading the obsidian and travelling to sources of it , and yielded new information about the structure of the pre-European Maori societal groups and how they interacted .
`` My work was programming based , and the data was the result of others ' field and laboratory work that had originally been published in journals . ''
The obsidian artefacts had been obtained from archaeological excavations at specific sites , and then sourced using chemical analysis to determine where the material came from .
`` I had access to a dataset of existing archaeological information and from there had to sort and organise the data and conduct social network analysis .
This image shows movement related to obsidian in pre-European New Zealand . The black triangles show obsidian sources , the red circles indicate archaeological sites , and the blue lines represent the movement of obsidian from sources to sites . Image / Supplied
`` I extracted further information from the network using programming tools in the hope of discovering new traits or patterns that were not found in the original data . ''
But the study was n't simply a straightforward case of number-crunching .
`` The nature of the research was 'exploratory ' , in that I had all this information but not necessarily a clear intention of what I was trying to find .
`` This meant that a few of my methods led to dead ends and I had to go back to the drawing board to think of different approaches of analysing the data that could reveal something new , which was a constant challenge .
`` There is n't exactly a single solution to overcoming this issue , but eventually we would find approaches that started to give us results and which we could improve upon . ''
Eventually , the data showed him how distinct communities were using distinct regions of obsidian sources .
`` There was some interesting patterning in that the archaeological sites in West Auckland were very different from the archaeological sites in East Auckland and the Coromandel , even though both regions were geographically close .
`` This suggests that simple economic explanations for obtaining obsidian based on the distance of an archaeological site to an obsidian source were not valid , and more interesting social factors were coming into play . ''
Gemmell believed the work would not only shed more light on pre-European Maori history , but also help establish the validity of using social network analysis in New Zealand archaeology .
`` This work can be seen as a proof of concept , paving the way for more work to be done by the Marsden funded project in the future , '' he said .
`` Thus hopefully more data can be collected and added to the dataset , growing the social network , allowing for more discoveries to be found . ''
Owen when he was three years old ...
ONE 1970s orange fabric children 's armchair has become a staple piece in the memories of the Gray family .
Bundaberg parents Kevin and Nicole Gray are using the heirloom as a photo prop in a project documenting the growth and lives of their two young sons , and the results are a cuteness overload .
Each year , Owen ( 6 ) and William ( 3 ) sit perched in the little chair at their pick of location to get their picture taken , an activity that Mr Gray said has become a family tradition .
`` My parents came over from New Zealand and the chair was one of the few things they brought over for me as a child , ” he said .
`` I am 40 years old this year so it 's been in the family for quite a while and since the boys were born , we have used the chair to take photos of them in . ”
Mr Gray said when their first son Owen came into the world , they would take photos on his birthday every month for the first year .
`` The idea just took off from there , ” he said .
`` William was born and as they got a little bit older , my wife and I took a photo of each of the boys for 365 days and ended up turning it into a coffee table book for each of them . ”
Mr Gray said the idea continued to grow and now , every year , Owen and William pick a favourite spot in Bundaberg , usually the beach , and have their photo taken in the tiny chair .
... and a cheeky five year old !
`` It just came about as a record of where they were at and what they were doing , ” he said .
`` When you look back at the photos , you really say wow at how much they have grown and changed . ”
The chair photos over the years . Ashley Clark
Mr Gray said he would like to keep up the photo tradition until his sons turned 18 .
`` The idea is while they still fit in the chair they will be in the chair until they ca n't any more , then they will sit next to it , ” he said .
`` The chair will be the permanent thing that does n't change while the boys do . ”
... when he was age four ...
He said not only had the project given him more quality time with his sons , it was also a way to snap precious moments for family and friends .
`` We have a very spread out family and it is a great way for them to keep up to date with the boys and their growth , ” Mr Gray said .
... and at age three !
`` It is also a great running record of milestones like walking , crawling , etc . ”
`` Life gets so busy it is nice to be able to look back fondly on these photos and see the change and the growth that tends to happen in the blink of an eye . ”
Film | by Shane “ Do n't Feed Him After Midnight ” Hnetka
Fan entitlement has always been around but it amuses me when fans think they can fix whatever they do n't like about a movie with an online petition . For example , some fans dislike Joss Whedon 's Justice League edits and have a petition demanding Warner Bros. release a Zack Snyder cut of the film . Other fans have petitioned for a Whedon-only cut . It 's ridiculous . There 's a petition to have The Last Jedi removed from the Star Wars canon . I ca n't recall any of these fan petitions resulting in change , but at least people are passionate about movies .
Flashback 2018
Cineplex 's annual Flashback Film Festival is back Feb. 2 to 8 . You 'll find full dates and times in the movie listings on page 13 . This year 's line-up of classics includes The Big Lebowski — the Coen brothers classic about kidnapping , bowling , art and a rug that really tied the room together — The Iron Giant , Gremlins and Drunken Master , but there are so many great choices .
Drunken Master , which screens in the original Cantonese , is about the secret art of drunken kung fu whose deadly practitioners fight buzzed . It 's hilarious and action-packed , and celebrating its 40th anniversary in 2018 . Star Jackie Chan did a sequel that was better but the original is still a treat .
Joe Dante 's 1984 horror-comedy Gremlins is still amazing years later . It 's the simple story of an ill-considered Christmas gift that causes the near-complete destruction of a small town . The gremlin puppets are better than anything computers could animate . Controversial opinion : I 've always said this is my favourite Christmas movie over Die Hard . How can terrorists compete with hundreds of mischievous , murderous gremlins who multiply in water and like Disney 's Snow White ?
A View to a Kill was Roger Moore 's last Bond movie . The previous two , For Your Eyes Only and Octopussy , were arguably Moore 's best and A View to a Kill just does n't match them . Bond girl Tanya Roberts is absolutely terrible , constantly screeching “ help me James ! ” . Compared to For Your Eyes Only 's crossbow-welding Carole Bouquet and Maude Adams and her international gang of women fighters/thieves/circus performers in Octopussy , Roberts is a huge step back . That said , the movie 's final fight is on top of the Golden Gate Bridge and involves a blimp .
I do n't think anything needs to be said about Monty Python and The Holy Grail except that it 's brilliant .
Lots of awesome stuff to go see at the Flashback Film Festival . Go ! It 's so much better than sitting at home , spilling water on monsters .
Shane Hnetka is a made-in-Saskatchewan film and comic book nerd .
If you want to be in Lambeau Field to see the Green Bay Packers Sunday , you 'd better move quickly .
Team officials announced that around 8,000 tickets are available online for Sunday 's first-round Wild Card playoff matchup versus the New York Giants .
The tickets are only available online only , and range from $ 118 to $ 145 .
Officials say the tickets are those that season ticket holders elected not to purchase .
The game kicks off at 3:40 p.m .
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
1:31 For Charles and Juanita , 80-plus Valentine 's Days and counting
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery 's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question , says 'Our country 's so innocent ? '
2:43 Haley on Russia : I do n't think we can trust them
Last Thursday , Habitat for Humanity of Southern Santa Barbara County raised the first wall of the Canon Perdido Affordable Homes with a ceremony sponsored by Southern California 's Sit ‘ n Sleep .
The Canon Perdido Affordable Homes project is a 12-home development that will provide safe and affordable housing for 43 people , including 20 children .
The Wall Raising Ceremony marked the start of above-ground construction on the project . Mattress superstore Sit ‘ n Sleep sponsored the ceremony and will provide new mattresses for all 12 homes . Habitat for Humanity volunteers , donors and future homeowners signed their names on the framing 2-by-4s along with words of support for the twelve families who will own the homes upon completion .
The 12 new townhomes are being built at 824 E. Canon Perdido St. on land purchased with Redevelopment Agency funds provided by the City of Santa Barbara . The project will consist of 100 percent affordable low-income homes , including two one-bedroom homes , eight two-bedroom homes and two three-bedroom homes , ranging in size from 750 to 1,200 square feet each . One of the homes will be entirely accessible to people with disabilities .
The project was designed by local architecture firm DMA Architecture . Construction of the homes will be managed by Allen Associates , and many local sub-contractors are contributing to the project .
The bulk of the construction will be completed by Habitat for Humanity volunteers , led by skilled crew leaders . Volunteers are needed every Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday . Interested volunteers can sign up for shifts online by clicking here .
“ Habitat for Humanity is grateful for Sit ‘ n Sleep 's support of our largest affordable housing project to date in Santa Barbara , ” said Joyce McCullough , executive director of Habitat for Humanity of Southern Santa Barbara County . “ Sit ‘ n Sleep 's sponsorship of the Wall Raising Ceremony and providing mattresses for the families shows the company 's commitment to our community and to affordable housing for local low-income families . ”
Sit ‘ n Sleep 's mattress donation for the 12 homes will include 12 queen mattresses and box springs and 22 single bed sets , providing a bed for each family member .
“ Everyone deserves a good and healthy night 's sleep . Sit ‘ n Sleep is committed to ensuring that these Santa Barbara families will have a roof over their heads and beautiful Tempur-Pedic mattresses to sleep on , ” said Larry Miller , CEO of Sit ‘ n Sleep . “ Sleep is important for both mental and physical health . With our new Santa Barbara store we became part of the community and we believe it 's important that we help residents , where we can . We are honored to partner with Habitat for Humanity of Southern Santa Barbara County . ”
The Canon Perdido Affordable Homes project is part of a larger fundraising effort , the Building Homes , Building Hope campaign , which will generate a comprehensive total of $ 4.3 million to expand Habitat for Humanity 's mission to end sub-standard housing in our community .
The campaign goals are to : build 12 new affordable homes on Canon Perdido Street , repair five homes through the A Brush with Kindness home repair program , engage volunteers to support Habitat 's efforts to end substandard housing , provide education to future homeowners through the Homeownership Readiness Curriculum , relocate the Habitat ReStore to a new storefront and purchase land in Carpinteria for future home construction projects .
— Alexandra Ramstrum is the development manager for Habitat for Humanity of Southern Santa Barbara County .
Man lots of great movies are celebrating anniversaries this year . And celebrating it 's 50th anniversary today is Arthur Penn 's classic biographical crime film , 1967 's Bonnie and Clyde .
The movie was a biographical if somewhat streamlined , comedic , violent and action packed version of notorious outlaws Bonnie Parker ( Faye Dunaway ) and Clyde Barker ( Warren Beatty ) . The movie takes some liberties with the actual events but it 's an awesome and entertaining movie .
The movie starts with Clyde meeting Bonnie while trying to steal her mother 's car . The two of them soon become partners in crime . They start off small time but slowly start working up to robbing banks . They recruit a young gas station worker named C.W . Moss ( Michael J. Pollard ) , in real life the character is an amalgamation of a couple of people who worked with the Barrow gang , to be their driver . Eventually they team up with Clyde 's brother Buck ( Gene Hackman ) and his wife , Blanche ( Estelle Parsons ) . They soon become extremely wanted criminals as they crimes get more and more violent .
It took several years for Bonnie and Clyde to get made . The writers shopped it around trying to get a director on board ( at one point Jean-Luc Godard was approached ) . Eventually Warren Beatty became involved and he got Arthur Penn to direct . Warner Bros. was unhappy with the film and were eventually forced to give the film a wide release . The film became a huge hit for them and a critical one too . The movie won two Oscars and was nominated for 8 more awards .
ST . CLOUD - Several hundred Xcel Energy customers in south St . Cloud are without power Tuesday morning . Xcel says nearly 2,000 of their St . Cloud customers do not have electricity .
Additionally , about two dozen Cold Spring customers and about 35 Sauk Rapids homes are also without power .
The National Weather Service was reporting 30 to 50 mile an hour wind gusts this morning , as a rain system moved through the area . A High Wind Warning is in effect until 1:00 p.m. Tuesday .
Erin Hausauer says her office has received some reports of property damage around the county with sheds and outbuildings being damaged . She says it is more isolated than widespread . Most reports are of trees that have been blown down .
Supervisor Lynn Compton listens
April 24 , 2018
Opinion by Dennis and Delores Bryan
This is an election season that has been a bit hard to understand since we have experienced first-hand support from our San Luis Obispo County Fourth District Supervisor Lynn Compton .
We need to do everything we can to procure and save our water resources , so as to make them available to all of us who live and work here in San Luis Obispo County and—most of all—to conserve water using methods that are proven to reduce consumption . After all , when it comes to water , we are all in this together .
As water conservation business owners in the South County , it 's been tough to get public officials to listen about modern methods of water conservation using available technology . Lynn Compton is the only officeholder who has listened to our message and has actually done something about it .
Lynn Compton 's resolve and hard work to protect and conserve our water resources has been nothing less than impressive . She really listens .
Come June 5 , we need her to stay the course for us in the race for 4th District Supervisor .
Dennis and Delores Bryan have lived in Nipomo for 20 years and operated their business Water Savers for 10 years . a
Loading ...
Charles Kraeling is the first Island Health employee to receive an International Award of Valour
A protection service officer at Cowichan District Hospital has received another accolade for what his employer is calling “ an incredible act of bravery on the job . ”
Charles Kraeling has become the first Island Health employee to receive an International Award of Valour by the International Association for Healthcare Security and Safety for his efforts in disarming a man with a knife in July 2017 .
In November 2017 Kraeling had been honoured with a Provincial Award of Valour by the association 's B.C . chapter .
Kraeling responded to a Code White ( a violent or volatile individual ) at the hospital and found a knife-wielding man who was threatening himself , patients and staff in a four-bedroom ward .
Kraeling said something distracted the man and knife-wielder took his eyes off of Kraeling , which provided Kraeling the opportunity to grab the man 's knife arm .
“ We had a brief struggle and I managed to get the man onto the ground , and he released the knife , ” he said .
“ My partner , who was staying back until then , managed to kick the knife further away , and I handcuffed him . The nurses gave him some medication and he started to come to some realization of what was going on . He just was n't thinking in a right state of mind until then . ”
Kraeling said no one was injured in the incident and the man was very apologetic for his actions .
“ He really did n't mean to be violent , ” he said .
Kraeling was honoured this week in Chicago at the International Association for Healthcare Security and Safety 's annual conference .
“ Our Protection Services Officers must confront many challenges in their work lives and often go above and beyond in the call of duty to protect patients and staff as Charles bravely demonstrated , ” said Leah Hollins , Island Health board of directors chair . “ It is gratifying for us all to see him recognized and celebrated by his peers and on an international stage . ”
SEE RELATED : Protection service officer at Cowichan Hospital gets award for handling man with knife
sarah.simpson @ cowichanvalleycitizen.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
It 's common knowledge that using your phone while driving is dangerous . But people do it anyway – around twice as much as they 're willing to admit , according to a new study .
The study by Zendrive , a research company working to improve road safety , looked at 570 million trips among 3.1 million drivers between December 2016 and February 2017 and found drivers used their phones a whooping 88 percent of the time .
They also found time on phones averaged three and a half minutes for every hour of driving . Looking away from the road for two seconds increases your chances of crashing 24 times over .
That number is much higher than previous studies that asked drivers to self-identify if they were texting while driving . About 40 percent of drivers admitted in a 2016 AAA Foundation survey that they read an email or text while driving in the past month , and about a third said they had written a text or email .
Meanwhile , 81 percent said texting while driving is a “ very serious threat to safety ” and 88 percent support a texting ban , according to the same survey . Nearly all states and U.S. territories have blanket laws banning either handheld phone use or texting while driving , with Montana , Missouri , Arizona and Texas the exceptions . All four of those states have proposed those laws but have not passed them , though Texas does ban the use of phones in school zones .
The state with the most distracted drivers was Vermont , according to Zendrive , and the least distracted drivers were in Oregon . It 's unclear how much of an effect bans on phone use have on cutting down on distracted driving , based on Zendrive 's findings .
In 2015 , 3,477 people were killed due to distracted driving and nearly 400,000 were injured , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
Sophomore center Sam Timmins and the Washington Huskies lost a second-round NIT game to the Saint Mary 's Gaels on Monday . The Huskies end the year with a 21-13 record under Mike Hopkins in his first season . Dean Rutz TNS
Two sisters reported missing have been found in Northern Ireland , police have said .
Grace Elizabeth McKinney , eight , and Kara McKinney , five , were traced “ safe and well ” , Tayside Police said .
The division said in a statement : “ We can confirm Grace and Kara McKinney , who were missing from Perthshire have been traced safe and well in Northern Ireland . ”
Officers had appealed for information about the sisters , who had last been seen in the Alyth area of Perth and Kinross , saying they were eager to trace them and confirm their well-being .
The appeal issued by police indicated the girls were understood to be with their father Michael McKinney , his girlfriend Martina and Woody , three , in Northern Ireland travelling in a motorhome .
With the crucial by-poll election that was held on Monday , the Palghar Lok Sabha Constituency in Maharashtra has become a major battleground which is considered to be the semi-final fight among the ruling BJP , Shiv Sena and Congress for the upcoming 2019 elections . Its result on May 31 is seen as a hot seat tussle for the BJP-led NDA alliance in the state . Their long-time collaboration with Sena both in the state and the Centre has been put to a question as the Uddhav Thackeray-led party has fielded a candidate against BJP in Palghar . What trend will May 31 's poll verdict bring forth ? Will it be a more widen crack within the BJP-Sena coalition or an impulsion towards the grand alliance of anti-BJP parties before 2019 ?
BJP spokesperson Madhu Chavan said , “ BJP will win both Palghar and Gondia by-poll elections with a reasonable margin and the credit goes to the party 's developmental work at the grassroot level . We gave no importance to the audio clip released by Sena during elections . The Chief Minister has already issued a clarification regarding it . This is a mere rumour that BJP party workers are upset with Gavit contesting the election . But , we are not underestimating opponents whether we will win or lose . ”
No party left any stone unturned and skilfully set the battlefield for the next year 's nationwide fight with the by-poll in the Palghar seat . While it designed enough stage for Congress and NCP to come closer , the unfriendly BJP-Sena affair spread like flames prior to the elections . Both the parties spared no attacks at each other while campaigning .
Palghar by-poll has been a requirement following the death of BJP MP Chintaman Wanga in January this year . Starting the series of brawls , Sena , in an unexpected move , fielded Wanga 's son Srinivas who was upset as their family was ignored by BJP after the Parliamentarian 's death . While CM Fadnavis slammed Sena for ‘ hijacking ' their nominee , he fielded former Congress leader Rajendra Gavit for the seat paying no heed to its grassroot members .
Will Shiv Sena reap benefits with their sympathy wave strategy to take on the ruling BJP ? If it does , it will surely act as a lesson for BJP to value its workers . BJP must check themselves from underestimating Uddhav Thackeray if Sena manages to beat them in Palghar .
Shiv Sena spokesperson Dr. Manisha Kayande said “ that if Sena wins the race , their credits will go to the party president 's great administrative skills , voters , and all party workers . She said , “ We hope to win the elections . EVM scams and money distribution happened in Palghar by the BJP party workers . One private car was caught while transporting EVM machine . ”
“ BJP did not follow protocols . They completely neglected Wanga family . Just like erstwhile Congress government , BJP too is misusing government machinery . The Election Commission favoured BJP and even the party did not follow the rules of EC , ” Kayande added .
Two days ahead of the election , the CM Fadnavis-Sena Chief war of words over an audio clip of the CM was another political polemic . In the audio clip , Fadnavis is heard asking BJP workers to use “ Saam , Daam , Dand , Bhed ( negotiation , money , punishment , and division ) ” to win the May 28 by-poll . Sena demanded action by the Election Commission ; Fadnavis hit back with the full clip and the party said it would also complain to the EC about the “ misuse of technology ” .
Congress spokesperson Dr. Raju Waghmare stated , “ People have started losing faith in the democracy . How the Election Commission managed to increase the voting percentage by 7.50 to 8 per cent in just a night ? If such malpractices happen everywhere , BJP will win . Damu Shingda has high chances of victory in Palghar if BJP restrains themselves from breaching the ethics . ”
“ If Congress wins , the credit will go to Ashok Chavan as he made a lot of efforts . If BJP loses , it will be the failure of CM 's poll strategy and if they win , we must say that the CM has properly used ‘ Saam Daam Dand Bhed ' to win the election , ” he further added .
Be it BJP , Sena or Congress — whichever party wins the Palghar by-poll , it will undoubtedly act as a major morale boost before India goes for polls next year . The Sena-BJP bond will also see its future in the state with the by-poll results . If BJP fails to hold back power , it will add to their list of setbacks after Karnataka Assembly polls , UP 's Gorakhpur , Phulpur and in Gujarat where their vote share saw a significant decline .
NCP leader and Rajya Sabha MP Majeed Memon expressed , “ There are few cases where BJP party workers were caught distributing money openly for the by-poll elections . This is not a good sign for the democracy . Opponent parties filed a complaint with the EC but they did not bother . There were many incidents of faulty EVMs . ”
He went on saying , “ BJP made this election a prestige issue but their failure will indicate that Modi wave has vanished from the country . They will also commit the mistake to underestimate their opposition . It will be the semi-final for 2019 Lok Sabha polls . ”
The wait is just for few more hours ! The tune of Maharashtra political equations is all groomed to set it new notes .
A real-time clock ( RTC ) or a semiconductor clock is an Integrated Circuit ( IC ) that not only keeps track of current time but also ensures smooth functioning of electronic devices by maintaining proper time among device components . The semiconductor clocks are used in embedded systems , servers and personal computers among others which needs to keep track of accurate time .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/semiconductors-clock-market.html
A Semiconductor Clock has various advantages , such as low power consumption , the ability to free the main system for time critical tasks , and capability to provide more accurate time than the other methods . The most crucial among them is the lower power consumption which is acting as the primary force driving the growth of the global semiconductor clock market . An integrated clock enables all electronic devices to maintain current time even when the device is switched off . However the amount of power consumed in integrated clocks is high , and it eventually leads to the loss of power of the device completely , within a short span of time . A RTC , on the other hand , is able to perform the same function for the device thereby ensuring minimal power consumption .
In addition , advancements in the MEMS technologies is also driving the global semiconductor clock market . Increasing focus on funding and rising number of investors on MEMS oscillators has enabled the RTS manufacturers to introduce variety of innovative features that includes packaging and fabrication in MEMS oscillators . These oscillator manufacturers are continually upgrading features such as power consumption , noise jitter , and frequency stability . Technological developments in the MEMS oscillators are making the semiconductor clock devices faster , cost effective , and energy efficient .
Semiconductor clocks faced with the issue of poor accuracy as it can only be updated per seconds and not per fraction of seconds . The accuracy of a semiconductor clock is determined by a time base oscillator which typically has a 32.768 kHz crystal . These crystals are very cheap but fall behind in terms of timekeeping , thereby reducing the accuracy of the semiconductor clocks . All these factors are acting as a restraining factor in the growth of global semiconductor clocks market .
The global semiconductor clock market can be segmented on the basis of application and geography . By application the global semiconductor clock market can be sub-segmented as telecommunications sector , automotive applications , industrial devices , computing devices and consumer electronic devices . In terms of application , the consumer electronic devices sector held the largest market share and is expected to continue its dominance throughout the forecast period from 2016 to 2024 .. The consumer electronic devices segment includes essential electronic devices such as cameras , washing machines , TVs , refrigerators , smartphones , tablets , ACs , and wearable and display technologies . Since almost all of these devices run on the basis of time-based information , the demand for RTC clocks in these markets is expected to rise significantly over the next few years .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=15023
By geography the global semiconductor market can be categorized as North America , Asia Pacific , Europe , and Rest of World ( Row ) . Among the regions , a significant portion of the worldwide Real Time Clock ( RTC ) market is held by Asia Pacific . And the prospect of growth in this market is propelled by the recent shift of chip manufacturing units from the developed countries such as U.S to Asia-Pacific regions . These shift of chip manufacturing units to Asia-Pacific regions is primarily being fueled by the abundance of cheap labor available in this part of the world .
The key-players in the global semiconductor clocks markets include TXC Corporation ( Taiwan ) , Si Time ( U.S ) , Murata ( Japan ) , Kyocera ( Japan ) , Daishinku Corporation ( Japan ) , IQD ( U.K ) , Integrated Device Technology ( U.S ) , Abracon Corporation ( U.S ) , Texas Instruments ( U.S ) , STMicroelectronics ( Switzerland ) , Ricoh ( Japan ) , NXP Semiconductors ( Netherlands ) , Maxim Integrated ( U.S ) , and Epson ( Japan ) .
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market . It does so via in-depth qualitative insights , historical data , and verifiable projections about market size . The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions . By doing so , the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market , including but not limited to : Regional markets , technology , types , and applications .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
In recent weeks , Republican leaders have sought to motivate potentially lagging GOP turnout in November 's mid-term elections by hoisting the bloody flag of impeachment , warning that the main goal of a Democratic House would be to launch proceedings to drive Donald Trump from office .
Admittedly , some Democrats openly tout that goal . But the party 's top leaders have made clear it 's not their intention , in part because , at this point , no one can predict if special counsel Robert Mueller 's probe will conclude by accusing Trump of the “ high crimes and misdemeanors ” needed for impeachment .
A greater likelihood , and perhaps a far greater threat to Trump and the GOP , is that a Democratic House would begin to perform the congressional oversight functions that Republicans have basically ignored after spending the previous six years going after Barack Obama 's Democratic administration .
From the role of industry lobbyists in environmental decisions to the degree to which Trump and his family members may be benefitting financially from his presidency , administration appointees have created a lengthy list of juicy targets for lawmakers interested in probing whether they were serving the public interest — and trying to score political points .
Here are some potential targets :
— The administration 's failure to follow up the intelligence community 's conclusion of alleged Russian interference of the 2016 election by taking steps to prevent it in the 2018 and 2020 elections .
— The role of former industry lobbyists in the Environmental Protection Administration 's decisions to ease restrictions governing such issues as methane emissions from new oil and gas wells , coal ash waste from power plants , and fertilizer runoff into rivers and streams .
— An administration-wide cutback on civil rights enforcement . This includes a reduction in activity by the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division and Housing Secretary Ben Carson 's proposal to postpone requirements for HUD funding recipients to show efforts to overcome racial segregation patterns .
— The administration 's inconsistent implementation of its restrictive immigration policies . In particular , the administration has deported people who , after entering the U.S. illegally many years ago , have been productive citizens with families and without criminal records . Further , the administration has impacted agriculture by limiting migrant farmworkers .
— The Department of Health and Human Services ' efforts to implement administrative measures to undercut the protections of the Affordable Care Act to compensate for the Republicans ' failure to repeal it legislatively .
— Education Secretary Betsy DeVos ' decision to kill inquiries into alleged fraudulent activities at a for-profit college where several of her top officials had previously been employed .
— The role of lobbyists from energy companies in the decision by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke to reduce by 2 million acres the amount of federally protected lands at two national monuments in Utah , Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante . This opened most of the region 's coal deposits and retired oil and gas leases .
— President Trump 's reported orders to the Postmaster General to double postal rates on Amazon because he dislikes the coverage of his administration by The Washington Post , owned by the online retailer 's founder , Jeff Bezos .
— Mishandling of recovery efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico . This includes Zinke 's decision to award a no-bid $ 300 million contract for restoring the island 's damaged electrical power grid to a small Montana firm which proved totally incapable of doing it .
— An array of administration actions eliminating the role of science and scientists in determining public policy , such as Pruitt 's proposed ban on using confidential studies on the impact of environmental rules ; the shutting down of specific studies on the effect of salt in children 's lunches and the health impact of certain pesticides ; and the elimination of references to the impact of climate change in various government studies .
— The extent to which Trump and members of his family have taken advantage of their positions to benefit financially . For example , Trump-owned facilities have been used for federal meetings and to house security personnel . And some U.S policies facilitated foreign government decisions that could benefit family members , like Qatar 's reported decision to help bail out son-in-law Jared Kushner 's financially ailing New York real estate venture .
Earlier this month , House Speaker Paul Ryan warned at a California conference that , if Republicans lose either the House or Senate , “ then you 'll have absolute gridlock . You 'll have gridlock , you 'll have subpoenas , you 'll have just the system shutting down . ”
Judging from last week 's farm bill train wreck and the minimal overall legislative record , the system is n't working too well now , under total GOP control . But there have n't been many subpoenas , not to mention the kind of oversight Congress should be performing . That 's likely to change dramatically if Democrats win the House or the Senate .
http : //www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/05/web1_Leubsdorf-2.jpg
By Carl P. Leubsdorf
Carl P. Leubsdorf is the former Washington bureau chief of the Dallas Morning News . Readers may write to him via email at : carl.p.leubsdorf @ gmail.com .
Carl P. Leubsdorf is the former Washington bureau chief of the Dallas Morning News . Readers may write to him via email at : carl.p.leubsdorf @ gmail.com .
Santa Barbara council offers to forgive the $ 13,000 owed in rent on the city-owned building if founders Joe and Jean Pommier vacate by Oct. 10
Around 4 p.m. every weekday , teens from Santa Barbara 's Lower Eastside trickle into the old fire station on the corner of Haley and Quarantina streets . They come to box , train and hang out in the converted station that has served as home to Primo Boxing for the past 18 years .
Primo founders Joe and Jean Pommier wait inside — Joe to begin boxing exercises with the kids , Jean to help with homework and pal around with the kids who come to watch . Many of the children who walked through the doors in Primo 's early days at 701 E. Haley St. now have children and careers of their own . The Pommiers , however , may not be there much longer .
Primo rents its building from the city and owes thousands of dollars in back rent . The city , itself strapped for cash , made Primo an offer : Move out by Oct. 10 and it wo n't collect the $ 13,000 owed .
Now the Pommiers have less than two weeks to find a new home for the club and the youths who rely on them .
The pair have been looking at vacant spaces all across town . One was the perfect size and reasonably priced , but it had no bathroom . Jean said a warehouse or a garage with an open floor plan would be ideal , and the pair are trying to keep costs low .
“ It does n't have to be pretty , ” she told Noozhawk .
The first year the Pommiers began the boxing club , none of the teens who came to box graduated from high school that year . That prompted Jean to begin giving homework help to youths who needed it . But what made the biggest difference , she said , was just asking the kids about school and how they were doing academically .
“ We 've had kids tell us that no one else was asking them those questions at home , ” she said , adding that even just asking the question made the kids want to strive .
These days , the group has a 100 percent graduation rate among the 75 youths who attend regularly , and last year , Primo saw all but one of its students go to college , with the other choosing to go to trade school .
“ We 're a proven commodity in this community , ” she said . “ These kids go on to do really great things . ”
Doctors , lawyers and local teachers have all made their way through Primo 's doors to box with Joe Pommier .
Jean pulls up Primo 's Facebook page on her phone and shows a note left by a former student . “ Primo boxing was the best thing that ever happened to me , ” the boxer wrote . “ It helped me succeed in life . ”
Joe has been known to pick up stranded kids in the middle of the night if they call for a ride home .
“ It 's just something we do , ” he said .
Primo 's financial troubles began when it lost its main fundraiser , Fight Night , which took place in Isla Vista . When the fraternity hosting the event lost its standing , the event was discontinued , along with the $ 10,000 or so that it brought in as funding for Primo .
“ Losing that was really hard on us , ” Joe said .
The poor economy has made fundraising difficult for smaller nonprofits such as Primo , and a bout with cancer took its toll on Jean , who functioned as the group 's grant writer , in addition to her daily duties at Primo .
The rent due to the city also complicated the financial picture . Jean said the city raised rent rates but did n't enforce the hikes , so the pair got a large bill all at once .
“ I was like , ‘ Oh my gosh , we ca n't pay this , ' ” she said .
A letter from the city says the City Council had already forgiven $ 34,000 in delinquent rent in 2009 . When no rent payments were paid last year , $ 13,000 was owed to the city — an amount the City Council agreed to forgive if Primo moved out .
Jean is back and healthy now , and has put out requests for six grants this year , but the lack of a home for Primo has put a kink in the fundraising .
“ I ca n't write a grant when I do n't have a building , ” she said , adding that the pair do n't feel they can charge for the program “ when many of the kids come in without enough to eat . ”
Local media coverage has garnered some interest — and donations — for the program .
“ Now we 're just looking for that building , ” Jean said .
Parks & Recreation Director Nancy Rapp said the decision was difficult for the city to make .
“ We believe in the work that Primo does , ” she said , adding that she 's personally aware of the sacrifice the Pommiers have made to serve at-risk youths . “ To Jean 's credit , she has really tried her best to get grants and get people to support their program . I know that 's really a challenge for her , and it 's a challenge for all nonprofits right now . ”
But the Parks & Recreation Department , along with the rest of the city , is also facing challenges . Rapp said the rent money Parks & Recreation charges nonprofits goes directly into the budget that conducts programming for youth and seniors .
“ We ca n't absorb a revenue loss , ” she said , adding that government funding for these types of programs is growing increasingly more difficult , and hopes the community will step up to help . “ They need a community angel who wants to support their effort . Joe and Jean are the family members for a lot of these kids . ”
Mayor Helene Schneider shared a similar sentiment .
“ They do tremendous work , ” she said , but added that the city no longer has the finances to help . “ The city has been subsidizing to the tune of tens of thousands of dollars for years . ... It just was n't sustainable .
“ Santa Barbara is a very generous community , and I do n't know if people realize the needs that Primo has right now . ”
Back at Primo , as youths begin to file in for workouts and homework sessions , Jean sums it up this way : “ If you care about kids , you do n't want a program like Primo to go under . ”
To donate to Primo or to help with its facility search , click here or call 805.455.2331 .
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
As the end of April approaches , several of southern Maine 's most prominent arts producers and presenters are approaching their seasonal exits .
And they 're doing it big .
Portland Symphony Orchestra 's penultimate classical program will feature the blockbuster Symphony No . 9 by Ludwig van Beethoven , famous for its fourth movement , characterized by massive vocal power .
Portland Ovations ' penultimate Broadway offering of 2016-2017 is a national touring production of “ Annie , ” the massively popular seven-time Tony Award-winner about an irrepressibly optimistic little girl in a red dress .
Portland String Quartet wraps up its 2016-2017 season this Sunday with works by Franz Joseph Haydn , Antonin Dvorak and Walter Piston .
Lindsay Straw is a Boston-based folk singer from the city 's Irish tradition . She 's recorded a new album that 's centered on strong female characters . It will be released next week , and she 'll visit Portland 's Blue on April 26 to promote it .
Portland Symphony Orchestra
“ All people become brothers ” is the translation of one of the stirring phrases from one of the most famous pieces of music ever written . Ludwig van Beethoven 's Symphony No . 9 , noted especially for the huge vocal section of its fourth movement , is known to audiences who have never attended an orchestral concert .
That 's one of the reasons the Portland Symphony Orchestra expects to sell every seat in Merrill Auditorium this Sunday and Tuesday , as maestro Robert Moody finishes his three-year journey through all of Beethoven 's symphonies with No . 9 .
Composed in 1824 at the end of Beethoven 's life , No . 9 is clearly his symphonic valedictory . Capping a lifetime of innovations and unprecedented compositional techniques , Beethoven elected to use voices in the fourth movement . His choice for a lyric was Friedrich Schiller 's “ Ode to Joy ” ( “ An die Freude ” in the original German ) , an anthem of the early Romantic era . The result is utterly , strikingly beautiful , and No . 9 has been a staple of the concert hall for nearly 200 years , despite the immensity of the undertaking .
The vocal parts are written for soprano , alto , tenor and baritone , backed by a very large chorus . Moody has engaged four professionals to sing the lead parts , with the vocal horsepower supplied by two Maine groups , ChoralArt Masterworks , directed by Robert Russell , and Oratorio Chorale , directed by Emily Isaacson .
Leading off the concert will be another strikingly beautiful piece , Samuel Barber 's “ Adagio for Strings . ”
Two performances of this program are scheduled for Merrill Auditorium at Portland City Hall : April 23 at 2:30 p.m. and April 25 at 7:30 p.m . Call PortTix at 842-0800 .
‘ Annie '
“ The sun will come out tomorrow . ”
That 's the opening line from the best-known song from one of the most popular Broadway musicals ever written . “ Annie ” was the darling of the 1976-1977 Broadway season , copping seven Tony Awards , including the most coveted trio : Best Musical , Best Score and Best Book .
The script was written by Thomas Meehan , based on the title character from Harold Gray 's long-running comic strip , “ Little Orphan Annie. ” Charles Strouse wrote the music and Martin Charnin penned the lyrics .
The story is one of hope and optimism in times of despair , the Great Depression of the 1930s . A national search for Annie 's parents leads to a new tomorrow for America , and that uplifting message is delivered with huge dollops of gorgeous melody and great humor .
Meehan created some wonderful characters . Daddy Warbucks , a bluff , bald , kind-hearted billionaire , is of course lifted directly from Gray 's original cartoons . Comic characters who were invented especially for “ Annie ” include the lovelorn alcoholic matron of New York 's orphanage , her jailbird brother and his vivacious , obnoxious and flamboyant girlfriend .
In addition to its long initial Broadway run , “ Annie ” has been revived several times on the Great White Way and has long been a staple of professional , community and high school theater companies . It 's definitely one of my all-time favorites ; I 've seen it at least a dozen times .
Currently a national Broadway tour is on the road , and Portland Ovations has snagged a stop , scheduled for Thursday , April 27 with an especially early 6 p.m. curtain at Merrill Auditorium at Portland City Hall . Call PortTix at 842-0800 .
Portland String Quartet
The end is near for the 2018-2017 season of the Portland String Quartet , a classical foursome who have been mainstays of the Maine music scene since 1969 . Comprising Dean Stein and Ron Lantz on violins , Julia Adams on viola and Patrick Owen on cello , the PSQ has a varied program slated for this Sunday .
Three works representing three time periods and three countries make up the program . First up will be Joseph Haydn 's String Quartet No . 4 . Haydn was an Austrian who composed in the late 18th century . This particular work is from a group that essentially invented the string quartet was we know it today .
Antonin Dvorak was a 19th-century Czech , and his String Quartet No . 11 represents the apotheosis of the Romantic period in music .
Walter Piston was a 20th-century American composer who was born in Rockland . The PSQ had a very close relationship with Piston during the later years of his life . For this Sunday 's concert , the PSQ will play his String Quartet No . 5 , an exemplar of the 12-tone school of composition .
Catch the Portland String Quartet at Woodford 's Congregational Church , 202 Woodford St. , on April 23 at 2 p.m . Call the LARK Society at 761-1522 .
Lindsay Straw
A rising star on Boston 's traditional music scene is coming to Portland on April 26 , two days before her second CD is set to be released . Lindsay Straw sings beautifully and plays guitar and Irish bouzouki , an eight-string guitar-like instrument .
Originally from Montana , Straw arrived in Boston to study at the famed Berklee College of Music , and got involved in music from Ireland the the British Isles . Now she lives in the city and performs frequent solo gigs and often plays with The Ivy Leaf , a Boston-based Irish band .
I like Straw 's solo style . Her voice is clear and unaffected , accompanied by a gentle finger-picking guitar technique . She reminds me greatly of the very early years of Joan Baez , when she performed traditional folk music almost exclusively .
Straw recently recorded a collection of traditional songs with triumphant female protagonists for release as an album . The official drop date for “ The Fairest Flower of Womankind ” is April 28 . On April 26 she 'll be the featured artist at Irish Night at Blue , 650A Congress St. in Portland . Call 774-4111 . The featured artist normally starts around 7:30 p.m. , followed by an open Irish session .
“ Annie , ” the hit Broadway musical about an irrepressibly optimistic girl and her billionaire adoptive dad , will be presented by Portland Ovations on April 27 .
Romney : 'Victims ' Comment Not Elegantly Stated
COSTA MESA , Calif. ( AP ) -- Republican Mitt Romney says a video clip in which he called nearly half of Americans `` victims '' was `` not elegantly stated '' and was `` spoken off the cuff . '' But he says President Barack Obama 's approach is `` attractive to people who are not paying taxes . ''
Romney spoke to reporters Monday evening in a hastily called news conference after the emergence of a video in which the GOP presidential nominee told donors that almost half of American voters `` believe that they are victims . ''
The Republican nominee did not disavow the comments but said they were made during a question-and-answer session . He said it was indicative of his campaign 's effort to `` focus on the people in the middle . ''
The website of the magazine Mother Jones posted a video of Romney 's comments from a private fundraiser .
GOING STRONG : Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding his strength and health following treatment .
GOING STRONG : Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding his strength and health following treatment . Nicole Zurcas
WITHOUT his cancer diagnosis , David Locke would n't have found the strength to follow a new passion .
One year ago he was given the shocking news he had breast cancer .
In a fierce battle for survival , he underwent surgery , 18 weeks of chemotherapy and 25 doses of radiation .
He had to resign from his 30-year position as parks and gardens worker with the council , but Mr Locke said this opened a new pathway for him .
`` After 30 years if I was n't going to make the move , I never would , '' Mr Locke said .
Building back his strength , Mr Locke is now looking to pursue a career in helping others facing a similar struggle .
`` I 'd really love to work with others going through cancer , or something in the disability or aged care sector , '' he said .
`` I have friends in those lines of work and I really enjoy meeting their patients and seeing how much help they do . ''
After his treatment , Mr Locke could barley lift his arms and struggled to grasp everyday objects .
`` I was so weak I would drop things the moment I had a hold of it . I was really scared at that point , '' he said .
Now he 's lifting weights and almost has full range of motion back in his arms .
Cancer survivor David Locke credits resistance training for helping him regain his strength and dexterity after illness . Nicole Zurcas
Mr Locke credits WIRAC 's Cancer Survivor Program for his progress .
The round beginning this week will be the gym 's fourth offering of the free 12-week program and Mr Locke 's second go .
WIRAC fitness and facilities manager Alex Cutmore said the program involved resistance-based training that had been proven as one of the most effective ways for survivors to improve muscle strength and bone density .
Mr Cutmore said the social aspect of the program was a huge bonus .
`` Group training in general is a good bonding experience for people , '' he said .
`` But when you put people together with shared experiences , it can be even more beneficial . ''
Anyone undergoing cancer treatment is welcome to sign up to the program at any stage during the 12-week period .
The National Maternity Hospital , Holles Street has apologised in the High Court over “ shortcomings in care ” which resulted in the death of a baby girl .
The apology came on Wednesday as the parents of baby Aisling Furey , who was delivered stillborn at 29 weeks , settled their High Court action over her death five years ago .
In a letter from the Master of the hospital , Dr Rhona Mahony , which was read in court , the hospital offered “ our sincere apology to you and your family in relation to the death of your baby daughter Aisling in the hospital on June 27th , 2013 .
“ The hospital extends its sincere apology for the shortcomings in care provided to you which resulted in the death of Aisling and for the distress and suffering this has caused you and your family . ”
In a statement afterwards , Aisling 's parents Tracey Jones Furey and Eamonn Furey said they were ushered through the service entrance as they left the hospital grieving five years ago with their daughter in a cradle .
The hospoital had assured them that was a practice which would not be allowed to continue , they said .
“ The practice of taking grieving families and their babies out the side door seemed in an instant to assign Aisling 's life to that of a secret , ” Ms Jones Furey said . “ It demonstrated to us that Aisling was no longer worthy of the dignity and respect that other babies who had n't died were given by the hospital . It had a lasting impact on our memory of leaving the hospital . ”
She said the circumstances surrounding Aisling 's death caused their family significant distress and devastation . “ Aisling 's life mattered and as parents the only gift we could give her was that of her legacy . Thankfully we both possess the tenacity , strength and family support that allowed us to fight on behalf of our daughter .
“ We are very sad that our darling Aisling , who would now be five , is not with our family today . However we continue to celebrate how much we loved her and she is continually remembered and included in our family celebrations , ” she said .
Tracey Jones Furey , Ayrfield Road , Dublin 13 , had sued the hospital over the circumstances of her daughter 's birth and death .
Ms Jones Furey was admitted to the hospital on June 19th , 2013 at 28 weeks gestation and was kept in for observation .
On June 27th , she experienced pressure and abdominal pain and two hours later , was physically examined and found to be in premature labour .
Her baby was later delivered stillborn . It was claimed there was failure to maintain any or any addequate maternal and foetal monitoring or supervision and a failure to intervene to deliver the baby by Caesarean section with sufficient speed . It was further claimed there was failure to investigate adequately or at all the death of the baby .
Liability was admitted in the case .
Less than half of those surveyed are n't insured for earthquakes and wildfires
An example of an emergency preparedness kit . ( City of Victoria photo )
British Columbians have no one to blame but themselves for not being ready for an emergency , a survey commissioned by the provincial government suggests .
Fifty-four per cent of the more than 1,200 respondents said they have a draft emergency plan , according to results released Monday suggest , but only 13 per cent of them have actually completed one .
Emergency kits were also lacking around the province : Only four in 10 people have one in their car , and only three in 10 have one ready at home .
And there 's no good reason why : most people cited “ personal laziness ” and “ apathy . ”
Most British Columbians had some emergency supplies , but key items were lacking .
Only 60 per cent had prepared at least four litres of water per person per day , and less than half had cash in small bills , a battery-powered or hand-crank radio , a whistle or a dust mask .
If the worst did happen , most people were n't prepared to rebuild , either .
Around half of people living in Metro Vancouver and on Vancouver Island were insured against earthquakes , and less than half of southern Interior and northern residents were covered for wildfires .
All around , most people admitted they did n't really understand how their insurance worked or what it covered .
Gerry Adams was right in his graveside oration at Derry City Cemetery . There were not two Martin McGuinnesses , one who had given the green light to the operation which saw father of five Patsy Gillespie kidnapped and his terrified family held hostage while he was strapped into a vehicle and blown to bits along with five soldiers at a checkpoint on the Donegal border , and another who had become internationally admired as he worked tirelessly for peace over the last 20 years of his life , becoming hail-fellow-well-met with unionist leaders , prime ministers , taoisigh and US presidents .
Adams 's well-made point was that the old McGuinness had never gone away . What others may have been pleased to interpret as a fundamental break with his past would have been felt by himself as a frictionless transition . it was not a change of objective or even primarily of method but a shift in gear on to new terrain .
Explicitly rejecting the “ two Martins ” theory , Adams said : “ Martin McGuinness was not a terrorist . Martin McGuinness was a freedom fighter . . . Martin believed that the British government 's involvement in Ireland , and the partition of our island , are the roots of our divisions . . . The British government has no right whatsoever to have any involvement in Ireland . ”
There had been none of that sort of talk an hour earlier in the Long Tower church a few hundred metres away where a notable congregation had listened in rapt awe to Bill Clinton , standing before the Tricolour-draped coffin in front of the altar , delivering a well-crafted panegyric . We must “ finish the work which he started . . . honour his legacy ” .
The flag on the coffin had a particular significance in Derry , marking the end of a strict protocol which had operated in the diocese for 30 years .
Masked men had fired a volley of shots within the grounds of the Long Tower in March 1987 while requiem mass for IRA volunteer Gerard Logue was under way inside . Then bishop Eddie Daly was outraged . Flags on coffins in churches remained banned until last month .
Bishop Donal McKeown explained the change : “ Mr McGuinness was former deputy first minister ; President Michael D Higgins and Taoiseach Enda Kenny were attending ; British government representatives were attending ; leaders of the main Stormont parties were in attendance ; and the Tricolour was flown at half-mast over the Houses of the Oireachtas in Dublin , even though Mr McGuinness had not been a member of the Oireachtas . . .
“ It was decided that the deceased should be given a comparable honour to that which would have been accorded to a former or serving head of state or government of Ireland . ”
Martin McGuinness 's headstone in Derry City Cemetery . Photograph : Liam McBurney/Razorpix
This on the face of it was a startling suggestion . Many questioned the appropriateness of the accolade . But its main significance lay in the ideological implications : it could have been taken – and to some extent must have been intended to be taken – as acknowledgement of the status which the IRA has traditionally claimed for itself , as a legitimate force authorised by a competent authority to wage war ( or declare peace ) in the name of Ireland .
Approved narrative
History may mark the McGuinness funeral as the moment when the Provisional IRA was enfolded into the approved narrative of what Eamon Dunphy famously defined as “ Official Ireland ” . The Derry setting facilitated the development .
In a way which Adams could never emulate , McGuinness was a brother off the block
McGuinness 's strength was rooted in his authenticity . Unlike most of those who emerged in Belfast in the early 1970s as leaders of the Provisionals , McGuinness did n't come from a “ republican family ” , with a fully formed ideology handed down from the preceding generation . At 16 , he had the self-confidence to take up a front-row position in early civil rights marches . He became a noted rioter and later a member of the IRA .
His pattern of development closely matched the political trajectory of working-class nationalism in Derry . In a way which Adams could never emulate , McGuinness was a brother off the block . His thinking might be said to have continued to shadow the community he came from down through subsequent years .
Derry is different . Since partition , the west bank of the Foyle has contained the largest single community of Catholics in the North . The contrast with Belfast , with its fragmented patchwork of mostly small , hemmed-in communities , is stark and obvious .
The west bank of the Foyle is bounded by Donegal on three sides . Walk three miles north , south or west and you are in the Republic . Only by travelling east across the river is it possible to stay in the North . The edgy sense of isolation palpable in a place like Ardoyne was never remotely as intense in Derry . Insofar as such an estimation can meaningfully be made , the Bogside housed the most self-confident working-class Catholics in the North .
For most of its modern history , though , Derry has also been defined by anti-Catholic discrimination and economic deprivation . Londonderry Corporation , with its gerrymandered unionist majority in a two-thirds Catholic city , was for half a century the most obtrusive symbol of Catholic second-class citizenship . “ This is the capital city of injustice , ” Bernadette McAliskey once decried to a blizzard of cheers in Guildhall Square .
This was the combination of circumstance in which the civil rights movement first erupted as a mass campaign on the streets of Derry in 1968 , to be battered senseless by the RUC , thus from the beginning channelling anger at social injustice in the direction of the state itself .
Armed struggle
The same context also helps to explain why the IRA 's armed struggle wound down first in Derry . The soldiers who perished with Patsy Gillespie in October 1990 were the last to be killed by the Derry IRA .
Some 2½ years later , in January 1993 , the local IRA 's last RUC victim , Michael Ferguson ( 21 ) from Omagh , was shot in the back of the head at point-blank range on Shipquay Street in the city centre . In pouring rain in the city 's main shopping street on a busy Saturday afternoon , water gurgling down the gutter of the steep hill was streaked with Ferguson 's blood .
Free Derry Corner : “ The peace which has descended on Derry is fragile and uncertain ”
A policewoman who had been on patrol with him knelt over his body howling : “ My friend , my friend. ” Hundreds recoiled or looked away . McGuinness will have known how badly the killing went down . It could n't be assumed any longer that it had been the scale and particular circumstances of the Gillespie incident which had generated revulsion .
Peace will be under pressure from people of the same age and background as McGuinness when he first involved himself in politics
It seems attractive to many commentators to imagine that the end of Provisionals ' armed struggle was achieved by visionary leaders luring their followers away from war and on to the path of peace . This is far from the truth . It was the people who pushed the Provos towards peace .
The peace which has descended on Derry is fragile and uncertain . “ Dissident ” republicans – many of whom see McGuinness as a traitor and a hate figure – have a formidable presence in parts of the city . Their fortunes will depend on a number of factors , including the possibility of a “ hard Border ” on the roads to Donegal .
More generally , peace will be under pressure from people of the same age and background as McGuinness when he first involved himself in politics . Sectarian discrimination may be a thing of the past . The open hostility of the RUC towards Catholics may be no more . The notion of one-sided rule from Stormont , too . But discontent still seethes .
‘ Still fighting '
Figures which became available last week allow comparison between the gross value added ( GVA , in effect GDP ) of clusters of local government areas across the UK . A year before the Belfast Agreement in 1997 , the GVA for the Derry/Strabane council area was about £1.45 billion ( €1.7 billion ) , 26 per cent of Belfast 's £5.6 billion . By 2015 the Belfast figure had risen to £10.55 billion , Derry 's to £2.26 billion : Belfast up by 88 per cent , Derry by 53 per cent .
In real terms , Derry 's economy has contracted by 7 per cent since the Belfast Agreement . The comparison with Belfast may seem parochial , even fanciful . But it matters locally that McGuinness 's home city is not advancing economically but in both actual and relative terms is falling back .
The relevance of this to the chances of an enduring peace was encapsulated in a shout from among a throng of teenagers gathered aimlessly on open ground in the Carnhill area after they had listened to an appeal to disperse because older folk felt threatened by their numbers : “ At least the dissidents are still fighting , McCann . ”
Not , it should be noted , fighting for a united Ireland , but “ fighting ” as in fighting back . Neither were the Provos brought into being by a sudden uprush of militant republicanism . Rather , the armed struggle matched the mood of marchers such as McGuinness as they were beaten and gassed in the early days .
The struggle which gave rise to the IRA armed struggle had not been for a united Ireland but for fairness in society in whatever constitutional context this could be achieved . In this perspective , the Provo war was fought under a false flag .
Could the rage of Derry youngsters today living on paltry benefits , treated as being of no account , constantly harassed into phony “ training ” schemes or zero-hour contracts , again take the form of violence against the state ?
“ There will never be another Martin McGuinness , ” a Presbyterian minister who had become his friend said on the day of his funeral . Certainly not exactly . But much will depends on how the local economy fares and , much more so , on who 's still up for a fight .
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar should delay the adoption of an inadequate and unambitious national plan that aims to address climate change , a new campaign group has said .
The National Mitigation Plan , a 10-year strategy to cut climate pollution , “ would be one of the first things across the new Taoiseach 's desk ” , noted the group which includes non-governmental development agencies ; environmental organisations , faith-based bodies and students .
They are collectively advocating for Irish climate action in line with the Paris Agreement and the UN 's sustainable development goals .
Under the 2015 Climate Act , Minister for Environment and Climate Action Denis Naughten had to submit his final mitigation proposal by last Saturday . He said this week it would contain 100 actions across Government , and would be published shortly .
Speaking at the Energy Ireland conference in Dublin on Wednesday , Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) deputy director Kate Ruddock said “ the draft climate plan was hopeless ” . More than 3,500 people had made a submission “ asking for a new plan to make us proud ” .
“ We think Leo gets climate change , in the same way other leaders of his generation do . But so far Ireland 's climate action is closer to Trump than Trudeau , ” she said . “ This new climate plan is the first test of whether the generational shift in political leadership will actually mean a step change in Irish climate action . ”
‘ Moment of opportunity '
In the letter to the Taoiseach , the group said his appointment represents “ a significant moment of opportunity to reset and strengthen Irish climate policy ” .
Over the past 20 years , climate action had been undermined by an implementation gap ; while certain measures from prior national strategies had been implemented , “ many were delayed or not implemented at all ” . This was despite the extent of evidence highlighting the considerable social and economic costs of inaction on climate change .
The group 's analysis of the draft mitigation plan on climate change showed that if Ireland is to meet its national and international climate and energy commitments , and do its fair share of action to adhere to the principles of climate justice , “ a significant increase in ambition ” was required .
The Climate Act stipulates the plan must identify the manner in which Ireland will meet obligations on the State under European law and international agreements . “ Given the shortcomings of the plan , we are particularly concerned that there has been very little political and public debate – despite it being a critical component of public policy , ” the group said .
Final plan
The content of the final mitigation plan would signal how seriously the Government was in “ playing its part ” , former taoiseach Enda Kenny said previously .
But to achieve the objectives of the Paris Agreement , “ at the very least it needed to detail how Irish emissions will decline significantly year-on-year over the next five years and beyond to 2050 , and fulfil the provisions of the Climate Act ” , the group said in its letter .
It urged Mr Varadkar to ensure the Government gave the plan careful consideration and if it remained inadequate to the challenge , to use the Act to take the necessary time to modify it before its adoption .
The letter is signed by Michael Ewing , co-ordinator of the Environmental Pillar ; Suzanne Keatinge , chief executive of the association of Irish NGOs Dóchas ; Catherine Devitt , policy co-ordinator of Stop Climate Chaos Coalition which includes FoE and Annie Hoey , Union of Students in Ireland president .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Medicare will require hospitals to post their standard prices online and make electronic medical records more readily available to patients , officials said Tuesday .
The program is also starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for costly new forms of immunotherapy to battle cancer .
Seema Verma , head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , said the new requirement for online prices reflects the Trump administration 's ongoing efforts to encourage patients to become better-educated decision makers in their own care .
`` We are just beginning on price transparency , '' said Verma . `` We know that hospitals have this information and we 're asking them to post what they have online . ''
Advertisement
Hospitals are required to disclose prices publicly , but the latest change would put that information online in machine-readable format that can be easily processed by computers . It may still prove to be confusing to consumers , since standard rates are like list prices and do n't reflect what insurers and government programs pay .
Patients concerned about their potential out-of-pocket costs from a hospitalization would still be advised to consult with their insurer . Most insurance plans nowadays have an annual limit on how much patients must pay in copays and deductibles — although traditional Medicare does not .
Likewise , many health care providers already make computerized records available to patients , but starting in 2021 Medicare would base part of a hospital 's payments on how good a job they do .
Using electronic medical records remains a cumbersome task , and the Trump administration has invited technology companies to design secure apps that would let patients access their records from all their providers instead of having to go to different portals .
Verma also announced Medicare is starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for a costly new form of immunotherapy called CAR-T . It 's gene therapy that turbocharges a patient 's own immune system cells to attack cancer .
Immune system T cells are filtered from the patient 's own blood and reprogrammed to target and kill cancer cells that had managed to evade them . Hundreds of millions of copies of the revved-up cells are then returned to the patient 's blood to take on the cancer .
Though only a couple of such treatments have been approved for blood cancers , the cost can exceed $ 370,000 per patient .
`` It 's a new area for the agency , '' said Verma . `` We have n't seen drugs priced at this level and we 're having to think about our strategy . ''
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Many of us frequently walk through the streets of Derby city centre - but how often do we actually take in our surroundings ?
There are a lot of beautiful buildings in the city centre but , as we go about our busy lives , it 's easy to not notice them and easier still to take them for granted .
And , actually , how often do we look up to see what is above us ? Well , in Derby there are lots of interesting things to see if only we take in a different perspective .
So , we thought we 'd set you a challenge to see just how well you know Derby and just how much of your surroundings you take in .
We have created a quiz of 12 things you do n't see in Derby without looking up . How many can you recognise ? Be warned though , it 's a bit tricky . But see if you can beat it and let us know your score in the comments below .
Good luck !
Thanks for taking part . Do n't forget to let us know how well you did in the comments section below .
Russ Sharer , Fulham 's VP of Global Marketing , to Review the State of Industry Standards for Lighting Control Networks and Next Generation of Smart Lighting Products
ANAHEIM , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - At the upcoming Strategies in Light conference to be held at the Anaheim Convention Center , Russ Sharer , Vice President of Global Marketing for Fulham Co. , Inc. , supplier of lighting and LED components , will be speaking to lighting industry professionals and influencers about the need for true interoperability standards as the lighting market embraces smart lighting . Sharer 's presentation entitled `` Standards are Meaningless ( without Interoperability ) '' is scheduled for Thursday , March 2 .
As Sharer notes , the smart lighting industry lags far behind other industries when it comes to commonly accepted communications standards for on/off , dimming , color tuning , remote monitoring , task tuning , remote and wireless controls , system alerts , and energy usage reporting . In other industries , accepted , open standards have had a dramatic positive effect on market growth . Consider , for example , the impact of Bluetooth and Wi-Fi , both well-documented and well-understood standards that assure product compatibility and interoperability . Lighting control standards , such as ZigBee , DALI ( the Digital Addressable Lighting Interface ) , and Thread are becoming more commonplace but do n't guarantee end users can buy lighting components from multiple vendors and operate them with a common control system . As a result , interoperability is only assured if you standardize on a single vendor .
`` LED systems can be controlled in any number of ways , but there is no standardized means of mixing vendors , '' Sharer said . `` End users want to create multivendor lighting systems that use a common language , but as yet there are no established standards that guarantee compatibility for lighting control . ''
The need for interoperable lighting control systems is becoming more urgent with the growing adoption of related applications and standards . For example , the Internet of Things ( IoT ) is enabling IP-based control of networked devices and components . In turn , IoT is driving demand for centralized network control of devices , including lighting , for applications such as automated building management . Wireless networking standards such as 802.11ac are being adopted for in-home systems management , including home security , climate control , and remote lighting control . Power over Ethernet ( PoE ) also is becoming popular for new construction and applications such as retail lighting , where lighting is frequently moved . All of these standards are well defined so they can be incorporated into a central control system .
`` As smart lighting continues to evolve , interoperability of controls has become more important , '' said Sharer . `` The lighting industry is going to see more demand for lighting standards-compliance , interoperability testing , and certification procedures for both new and retrofit products . And customers are going to shop for standards-certified products that are guaranteed to be compatible with new smart lighting platforms . Those lighting vendors that will prosper in the future are the ones that embrace standards and promote product interoperability . ''
About Fulham
Fulham Co. , Inc. is a leading global provider of intelligent , socially-conscious sustainable commercial lighting components and electronics for use in commercial general lighting , parking structure , signage , horticultural , UV and other applications . The company develops and manufactures a variety of award-winning LED and emergency products , as well as legacy products across multiple lighting platforms . Fulham sells its lighting solutions worldwide through original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and electrical equipment distribution channels . Headquartered in Hawthorne , Calif. , the company has sales and/or manufacturing facilities in the Netherlands , China , India and the UAE . For more information , visit www.fulham.com .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Trump administration on Monday banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency , saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions .
In an executive order issued on Monday that took effect immediately , President Donald Trump declared illegal all transactions related to Venezuelan digital currencies , coins or tokens . The prohibition applies to all people and companies subject to U.S. jurisdiction . The move follows the introduction last month of a Venezuelan cryptocurrency known as the `` petro , '' for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $ 5 billion .
In the executive order , Trump said it was an `` attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions '' imposed for democratic backsliding .
The Treasury had said in January that the petro appeared to be an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned that transactions in it may violate U.S. sanctions .
Advertisement
In February , cash-strapped Venezuela became the first country to launch its own version of bitcoin , the petro , in a move that President Nicolas Maduro celebrated as putting his country on the world 's technological forefront .
The petro is backed by Venezuela 's crude oil reserves , the largest in the world , yet it has arrived on the market as the socialist country sinks deeper into an economic crisis marked by soaring inflation and food shortages that put residents in lines for hours to buy common products .
Maduro had announced late last year that he was creating the digital currency to outmaneuver U.S. sanctions preventing Venezuela from issuing new debt .
Bitcoin and other digital tokens are already widely used in Venezuela as a hedge against hyperinflation and an easy-to-use mechanism for paying for everything from doctor visits to honeymoons in a country where obtaining hard currency requires transactions in the illegal black market .
The government has promised that Venezuelans will be able to use the $ 60 coins to pay taxes and for public services . But with the Venezuelan minimum wage hovering around $ 3 a month , it 's unlikely citizens will buy in large amounts .
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) — Generators are still humming . Candles are still flickering . Homes are still being repaired .
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago , and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century .
`` There are a lot of people with needs , '' said Levid Ortiz , operating director of PR4PR , a local nonprofit that helps impoverished communities across the island . `` It should n't be like this . We should already be back on our feet . ''
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around him on a recent weekday , standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal . Many of those waiting were still without power , including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles , a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures .
Advertisement
`` Since we 're a family of few resources , we have not been able to afford a generator , '' she said . `` It 's been hard living like this . ''
Crews already have restored water to 99 percent of clients and power to 93 percent of customers , but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark . Justo Gonzalez , interim director for Puerto Rico 's Electric Power Authority , said he expects the entire island to have power by May , eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island 's power distribution system — and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start .
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car . It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico . The deaths of Luis Beltran , 62 , and Rosa Bosque , 60 , have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane .
`` It worries me because ... it can happen anywhere , '' Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press , adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition .
Beltran 's youngest sister , Migdalia Beltran , said her brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit , but that he moved back three months ago to be with family .
`` He was No . 1 , '' she said as her voice cracked and she began to cry . `` He was the one who gave me support to keep going . ''
The storm caused an estimated $ 100 billion in damage , killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes , according to Puerto Rico 's government .
In the six months since the hurricane , more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland , according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York .
More than 40 percent of them settled in Florida , followed by Massachusetts , Connecticut , New York and Pennsylvania , the study found .
Meanwhile , those who stayed behind say they need more help .
The AP recently found that of the $ 23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico , only $ 1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed , along with more than $ 430 million to repair public infrastructure . The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $ 6 billion from its standing emergency fund .
Meanwhile , the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark .
`` While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers , the job is not done , '' the letter stated .
FILE - In this June 13 , 2015 file photo , Ralphie May performs at the 2015 Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester , Tenn. A spokeswoman for Ralphie May says the comedian has died at age 45 . In a statement Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , publicist Stacey Pokluda said May died of cardiac arrest . She said he had been fighting pneumonia , which caused him to cancel a few appearances in the past month . ( Photo by John Davisson/Invision/AP , File )
FILE - In this Dec. 7 , 2007 file photo , Ralphie May arrives at the Spike TV Video Game Awards at Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino , in Las Vegas . A spokeswoman for May says the comedian has died at age 45 . In a statement Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , publicist Stacey Pokluda said May died of cardiac arrest . She said he had been fighting pneumonia , which caused him to cancel a few appearances in the past month .
The Associated Press
A spokeswoman for Ralphie May says the comedian has died . He was 45 .
In a statement Friday , publicist Stacey Pokluda says May died of cardiac arrest . She said he had been fighting pneumonia , which caused him to cancel a few appearances in the past month .
His body was found Friday morning at a private residence in Las Vegas .
On Wednesday , the round-faced May was named casino comedian of the year at the Global Gaming Expo . He was booked through the rest of 2017 at Harrah 's Las Vegas .
May , a Tennessee native who was raised in Arkansas , parlayed a second-place finish on TV 's `` Last Comic Standing '' in 2003 into TV and club appearances .
His publicist said May 's survivors include his wife , Lahna Turner , and children April June and August James .
Guyana 's Police Commissioner , David Ramnaraine on Monday justified the killing of three suspected bandits on the Georgetown seawall road although only two of them were armed and one gun was recovered .
“ The specific details can always be debated but at the end of the day the evidence is there that they were part of a criminal enterprise so whatever specific actions they might have played on the day in question ; it is inescapable they were part and parcel of an arrangement to commit a criminal act with some serious consequences and I am happy that that has been averted , ” the acting top cop told reporters .
Kwame Assanah , Dextroy “ Dutty ” Cordis of Grove , East Bank Demerara and 57-year old Errol “ Dynamite ” Adams were shot dead on March 15 , 2018 by police . Dispelling concerns by sections of the public that the trio was executed , the Police Commissioner assured that “ no police officer sets out to execute a citizen ” based on training and capacity building in recent years .
He said the police , who were part of last week 's operation , have “ superior firearms training than the average policemen ” . “ The policemen acted in keeping with the law . They were fired upon and , as law enforcement officers who are authorised to use deadly force as long as the deadly force is justified , as long as the deadly force is legitimate , to defend themselves . Were those policemen who found themselves in that situation expendable ? Come on , let 's be real , ” he said .
Concerning the shooting death of Assanah , although he never had any brushes with the law , the Police Commissioner said that did not mean that that man was not involved in criminal activity . “ Did we plant him with the other two who met their demise ? Did we put him there ? No one has disputed that he was there , ” he said .
Ramnarine said the police did not use a decoy , but that the intended robbery victim was indeed a customer of Scotia Bank , Robb Street who had moments earlier left that financial institution . At the same time , he said the entire operation to intercept and capture the suspects , who had “ intended to use deadly force , ” was fortuitously shifted away from the busy Robb Street area to the Georgetown Seawall Public Road . “ I want to tell the citizens of this country , if the Guyana Police Force had not taken that course of action a few days ago and that would have happened there , a lot of collateral damage would have happened on Robb Street based on the information that we received and it is good that it ended up at the seawall at a more desolate location , ” he said , adding that it was not the first time that persons have left the bank , went to the seawall area and were robbed .
The Police Commissioner credited the operation to break up the bank-related robberies and carjackings to intensified surveillance , information , intelligence and public trust and support . “ We have been able to put a dent to what was seemingly being referred to , regarded as by several persons out there as gang that was operating and was intended to create more havoc , more mayhem , ” he said .
Eastern Province Permanent Secretary Chanda Kasolo says that the cholera situation in the province has not improved .
Speaking during the cholera update meeting on Thursday , Mr. Kasolo says that since the circular stating that only Minister of Health Chitalu Chilufya can give statistics , the province has continued to record new cases of Cholera .
He says the cholera epicenter for Eastern Province is Lundazi district .
The Permanent Secretary says that there is need for a multi sectorial team to go to Lundazi to see what exactly is causing the district to have more cholera cases than any other district in the province .
He says there is a possibility that there is something that the cholera preventive team in Lundazi district has missed out that can be caught by someone looking at the town with new eyes .
Mr. Kasolo says all the districts in the province have continued implementing the cholera preventive measures that where put in place and will continue to do so until the battle against cholera is won .
BRUSSELS ( AP ) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged the European Union on Monday to back a new U.S. peace initiative in the Middle East , after President Donald Trump 's unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital met with widespread condemnation and triggered clashes in the Palestinian territories .
Netanyahu , on a first official visit to the EU by an Israeli premier in 22 years , told reporters in Brussels that recognizing Jerusalem was merely stating the reality on the ground . He said he expected many European countries to follow Trump 's lead in the future .
But European officials say they have heard no details about the U.S. plan to relaunch moribund Mideast peace efforts .
`` We should give peace a chance . I think we should see what is presented and see if we can advance this peace , '' Netanyahu said , before a meeting with EU foreign ministers , chaired by the bloc 's foreign policy chief , Federica Mogherini .
Advertisement
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said the Europeans are impatient to hear details of any new U.S. peace move . None were forthcoming when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Brussels last week .
`` They 've announced to us some kind of American initiative . We 've been waiting for several months . If it 's not the case , then perhaps the European Union should take the initiative , but it 's too early to say , '' Le Drian said .
`` Everyone knows that the resolution of the Middle East crisis goes through negotiations and the recognition of two states , '' he said .
`` ( Jerusalem ) could be the capital of Israel and a future Palestinian state but that has to be negotiated between the two parties , '' said Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders .
Reynders said that , as the biggest aid donor to the Palestinians and a major partner of Israel , the EU has `` a particular role to play '' in the dispute .
Netanyahu insisted , however , that `` what President Trump has done is put facts squarely on the table . Peace is based on reality . ''
`` Jerusalem is Israel 's capital , no one can deny it . It does n't obviate peace it makes peace possible , '' he said , adding that he believed most European countries will now `` move their embassies to Jerusalem , recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital . ''
Netanyahu was also due Monday to discuss Israel 's relations with the EU , which have been tense , particularly over the EU 's insistence on labeling Israeli products made in Jewish settlements .
___
Raf Casert in Brussels contributed to this report .
DELTA has destroyed about 1500 illegal refineries with swamp buggy in the Delta creeks in the last two months .
The Commander of the ship , Commodore Ibrahim Dewu , disclosed this to newsmen in Warri on Wednesday .
Swamp buggy is an amphibious vehicle used to traverse a swampy terrain .
Dewu said the destruction exercise was carried out in the creeks of Otumara , Ogbegugu , Okpuku in the Warri creeks .
He added that personnel of the command were currently on the Bennett Island in Warri South Local Government Area of the state in continuation of the exercise .
He said that the perpetrators had devised means of preventing the soldiers and the swamp buggy from gaining access to the sites by blocking the entrances with logs or setting fire around the sites .
The commander , however , said their antics would not deter the soldiers from carrying out their statutory obligation of completely eradicating illegalities in the maritime domain .
“ It takes us time to remove the logs for our men and the swamp buggy to have access but we are determined , ” he said .
He said the criminals ' activities were also contributing to the degradation of the ecosystem .
“ The antics of the criminal elements will not deter us from eradicating the illegality with the aide of swamp buggy which I believe will bring a lasting solution to economic sabotage .
” We decided to apply swamp buggy because it is more environment friendly and difficult for the perpetrators to resuscitate the illicit business since their facilities are also crushed completely in the process .
“ Apart from that , we also do post-monitoring of the various sites we have destroyed to ensure that the criminals do not return to reactivate them .
” So far , the exercise has been successful and we will not rest on our oars until the illegalities are completely eradicated in our maritime domain , ” he said .
In one of the operations on Bennett Island on June 12 , the perpetrators set fire around the vicinity of the illegal refinery to prevent the soldiers from entering .
The navy personnel then created alternative means for themselves , journalists and the swamp buggy to gain access and therefore , crushed the criminals ' equipment amid thick smoke and rain .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Motorists have been asked to drive safely in the Ballymena area after PSNI in the north Antrim town were called out to six traffic collisions today .
The call from PSNI on Facebook comes after Northern Ireland Area Traffic Watch , also on Facebook , asked motorists to `` avoid the A26 at all costs '' .
In their post they say there have been two separate car collisions on the road this morning .
Later PSNI Ballymena posted on Facebook : `` B Section have attended 6 traffic collisions so far this morning in our area .
`` Drivers please be extra careful on the roads , they are treacherous . The road service is aware and will be out trying to make the roads safer for us all . ''
If you have any Guinness left over from St Patrick 's Day then David Smith , senior sous chef at the Arora Hotel in Crawley , has a suggestion .
I love dishes that multi-task so they can fit around any changes to your day .
Braised lamb in Guinness with lamb wontons
Once made , this dish can be a main course , a lunchtime snack or turned into tasty Chinese nibbles .
So , if your day suddenly turns pear-shaped and your plans to cook a full-on ‘ meat , veg and all the trimmings ' meal have gone out of the window , then no worries – the braised lamb is equally delicious with some wraps and salad .
Of course , we have it on our menu with all the bells on – served with a rich gravy , baby vegetables , a mint jus and moon-shaped wontons filled with the same succulent lamb .
Braising the lamb in Guinness deepens the flavour and brings out a slightly earthy taste .
David Smith
Be brave and pour in a whole pint and let the Irish nectar get to work , turning the meat into melt-in-the-mouth shreds of juiciness .
The Grill in the Arora is Crawley 's only AA-rosette restaurant . Call 01293 530000 . Follow us on Twitter . Share your dishes with us on Instagram by tagging @ aroragatwick .
Visit www.gatwick.arorahotels.com .
Braised lamb in Guinness with lamb wontons
Serves 4 with leftovers
800g boneless lamb shoulder
salt & pepper
1 carrot
1 stick of celery
1 small onion
1 leek
570ml Guinness
250ml lamb stock
Wonton wrappers
Method
Season the lamb shoulder with salt and pepper . Chop the carrot , onion , celery and leek finely and place in the bottom of a large casserole dish .
Put the lamb on top and cover with the Guinness and stock . Put on a lid and place in a preheated oven , 140oC , for two and a half hours until the meat falls apart .
Lift the lamb out of the liquid and reserve . Put liquid into a saucepan . Bring to the boil , simmer and reduce until it starts to go syrupy .
Shred the lamb with two forks then stir in the cooked vegetables from the casserole dish and the sticky stock .
Serve hot with your favourite vegetables .
To make the wontons , put a small teaspoon of the lamb mix into the centre of each wonton wrapper . Fold in half so it resembles a moon shape , sticking the edges down with a little water .
You can either steam the wontons for a few minutes , or shallow fry until they go crispy . Serve as a starter or alongside the shredded lamb with vegetables .
Chef 's tip
Treat the cooked lamb like you would shred pork – it is delicious on top of bruschetta or as a filling for wraps .
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be among the first to know what 's going on .
1 Make our website your homepage
2 Like our Facebook page
3 Follow us on Twitter
4 Register with us by clicking on ‘ sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends – so they do n't miss out !
Be part of it .
The latest figures show there was a fall in the number of people out of work in Wales at the end of 2016 .
67,000 people were unemployed in Wales between October and December 2016 - down by 1,000 compared to the previous quarter .
It means the Welsh unemployment rate stands at 4.4 per cent , lower than the UK average of 4.8 per cent .
Across the UK , a record number of people are now in work with unemployment down to the lowest level in a decade .
First Minister Carwyn Jones said : `` The jobs market in Wales has continued to outperform almost every other part of the UK over the past year
`` Employment in Wales has increased faster than England , Scotland or Northern Ireland and is well above its historic average level .
`` So far this month we have announced more than 800 new jobs created and almost 800 more safeguarded as a direct result of Welsh Government support . ''
Work and Pensions Secretary Damian Green said : `` With employment at its highest rate since records began , and unemployment at its lowest in over a decade , we remain in a position of strength . ''
Construction of the new Bunnings Warehouse in Warwick will start soon .
AN OBJECTION to the proposed new Bunnings Warehouse development in Canning St , Warwick has this week been discontinued .
The objection , which was originally lodged by a group of concerned businesspeople , was spearheaded by realtor Helen Harm and had been working to reach various agreements with the hardware giant .
With no objections and the proper approvals in place , the development now has the green light to proceed .
Mayor Dobie said she looked forward to works commencing in the near future .
`` The new Bunnings Warehouse is a positive development for our region , '' Cr Dobie said .
`` There will be an estimated 50 new jobs as a result of this expansion and represents approximately $ 16 million worth of investment . ''
Manager Economic Development and Tourism , Scott Templeman said as well as the 50 extra jobs , the council 's economic impact model indicates there would be a further 10 jobs created to help support the direct new jobs at Bunnings .
`` We are pleased to provide more employment opportunities in Warwick , '' Mr Templeman said .
`` The new Bunnings Warehouse will help to encourage people in the Southern Downs region to shop locally rather than going to Toowoomba or other cities . ''
Mr Templeman said that the council 's economic development department was working hard to attract new investment and jobs into the local economy .
`` The strategic goals of our department are to increase the number of jobs , residents and visitors to the region , and to increase the amount of investment , '' said Mr Templeman .
Cr Dobie said she was optimistic about the future of investment and employment on the Southern Downs .
`` Not only will Bunnings provide new jobs , but we 're also excited by the new jobs provided by the Rose City Shopping World expansion and the continued investment by Churches of Christ into aged care . ''
The new clubhouse being built at Churches of Christ Regency Park Retirement Village is due to be finished by the end of this year and the investment by Churches of Christ represents over $ 30 million into the region .
The Rose City Shopping World $ 40 million redevelopment and expansion is expected to be completed later this year and 200 permanent local jobs are expected to be created to meet the demand from shoppers coming to Rose City from throughout the region and northern New South Wales .
`` Times are good on the Southern Downs for new jobs , '' said Mr Templeman .
When Stuart Munro was told some tiny wounds on his skin might be cancer , his world fell in .
Absolutely unsure whether or not those small lesions were cancerous or did n't matter . His GP had uttered the `` C '' word and that was it .
Fortunately , after some quick and incisive treatment , his worst fears vanished but still Stuart 's story is a salutary one .
It started out as a small sore on his foot and after a year or two he decided to get it checked . As soon as his doctor saw it he said it was probably a skin cancer .
Advertisement
`` I wo n't lie . I shat myself because I 'd heard the dreaded word 'cancer ' , '' Stuart , a Wanganui Chronicle photographer , said .
He could have had any number of treatments including applying a cream to the affected area , have it sprayed with liquid nitrogen or have the affected area cut out .
​
`` I opted to have it cut out . I just wanted it out of me , '' he said .
In the end medical staff cut out four spots . But those incisions were enough to have Stuart worried that every little spot on his body was a potential skin cancer .
Stuart said his experience was about understanding what skin cancer is and getting checks done as early as possible .
`` As kids we all did things like to go to the local baths , have a swim and then lie on the warm concrete to dry off . Or we 'd spend a day at the beach swimming .
`` We did n't do the slip , slop , slap with sunscreen back then either . So this is n't damage I did last year . This is damage created years ago .
`` The sun in this country is absolutely lethal , '' he said .
You would n't notice where the incisions have been made in Stuart 's face to remove the lesions . Within a couple of weeks there was nothing to see .
Unless you go to a surgeon , treatment is free through your GP who can access special government funding .
Stuart 's treatment covered a two month period , which included biopsies on the lesions before they were removed .
His advice after his experience ? : `` Do n't get over-paranoid like I did but get those marks checked out . If you 're not sure go and see your doctor . ''
Stuart has his skin cancer cut out . Photo / Stuart Munro .
He said understanding skin cancer was the thing that had helped him the most but that had to come from the doctors and nurses .
`` Do n't do what I did and ask 'Dr Google ' . Go see your doctor . ''
Dr Raja Hingorani said skin cancers can be described as melanomas or non-melanomas .
In non-melanomas there are two main types of cancers - SCC and BCC . They stand for squamous cell carcinoma ( SCC ) and basal cell carcinoma .
Dr Hingorani said if somebody noticed a new mole on their body then they should get it checked out with the GP .
Sometimes people would notice what appears to be a little wound that is n't healing up and again that was something they should be cautious of and get it checked out .
There were various treatments available . It could mean an incision to remove the lesion , anti-cancer medication , spraying the area with liquid nitrogen , or radiotherapy . It came down to how significant the cancer was .
`` If you suspect you 've got a cancer or a wound that appears and does n't seem to be going away , the most important thing you can do is get it checked out by your doctor , '' Dr Hingorani said .
+ Some useful websites - www.dermnet.org.nz ; www.melanoma.org.nz .
PNCR General Secretary not worried about talk in WPA of leaving coalition
General Secretary of the People 's National Congress Reform ( PNCR ) , Amna Ally on Monday shrugged off suggestions by sections of the Working People 's Alliance ( WPA ) that it should leave her party 's dominated A Partnership for National Unity ( APNU ) .
“ We do n't have any deteriorating relations , ” she told Demerara Waves Online News . She said “ this little issue ” concerning the discontinuation of columns by WPA Executive member , Professor David Hinds and trade unionist Lincoln Lewis in the Guyana Chronicle newspaper “ is not going to break anything ” .
“ Sometimes people blow things out of proportion , but I am not worried about that , ” Ally said . Reacting specifically to WPA Executive member , Tacuma Ogunseye saying at the weekend that his party should seriously consider withdrawing from APNU and the coalition , Ally reiterated that , “ I think somebody is blowing that out of proportion . I do n't think that is so but I mean if it is so what else can you do , ” he said .
Asked if she thought that if the WPA withdraws , that would weaken the coalition , she said , “ in the first instance , I do n't think they will contemplate that but let 's see , time will unravel it ” .
Told that the WPA 's concerns appeared to also date back to the removal of Dr. Rupert Roopnaraine from the post of Minister of Education and the closure of several sugar estates , the veteran PNCR member said discussions on those issues were “ closed off ” .
“ We have regular APNU meetings and the very Ogunseye , he attends those meetings . He and Tabita Sarabo , they all come to the meetings so those matters are already dealt with and understandably so , ” he said . Sources have said APNU never met after the May 2015 general elections and all of 2016 until a 2017 when a few were held . The APNU last met in January and February , 2018 with their next meeting slated for May , 2018
Ogunseye said after careful consideration of the WPA 's experiences – negative and positive – in the APNU , the coalition and government , he thinks that his party must urgently discuss whether “ it makes political sense to remain in the APNU coalition and government ” .
The WPA Overseas Associates has said it would only give support to those who respect the WPA and the democratic principles and political culture on which the party was founded and would reconsider its support for any organization that continues to disrespect its principles including support of the governing coalition ,
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video Pause 2:40 Seahawks ' Richard Sherman : ' I 've seen Earl Thomas beat up Chuck Norris ' 0:49 Huskies practice tackling on Day 1 of fall camp 0:59 Jake Browning , K.J . Carta-Samuels throw at Huskies practice 1:47 Hiking Tatoosh Peak near Mount Rainier and Packwood 0:08 Watch Victor Mansaray 's save at Sounders training 1:03 VIDEO : Tackling drill at UW spring practice on March 30 1:09 VIDEO : Defensive backs ' drill at UW spring practice on Wednesday 10:15 VIDEO : Chris Petersen after UW 's first spring practice 0:59 VIDEO : Defensive drill at UW spring practice Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) delivered remarks on the Senate floor in response to the shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. Wednesday morning . He commented on reports that the alleged shooter had volunteered on his presidential campaign . Bernie Sanders/YouTube
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) delivered remarks on the Senate floor in response to the shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. Wednesday morning . He commented on reports that the alleged shooter had volunteered on his presidential campaign . Bernie Sanders/YouTube
VATICAN CITY — Convinced that faith communities would want to share prayer requests , announcements and service opportunities without going to multiple platforms and without being awash in advertising , a group of friends created an app just for that .
With $ 2 million in seed money , Pray.com was beta tested with 100 churches in 2016 . Today , 6,000 faith communities and thousands of other groups use the app to host their members ' need for prayer and offers of support , as well as to recruit volunteers for local service projects and to collect donations , said two of the co-founders .
The faith-social app Pray 2.0 is designed specifically not to “ gamify ” the experience of the parishes , mosques , synagogues , churches and temples that use it , Matthew Potter , one of the app 's co-founders , told Catholic News Service April 23 .
“ What big social media does is gamified to get more eyes on more ads , ” he said . People become obsessed , consciously or not , with attracting followers and likes , which in turn gives the advertising a wider market .
The communities that set up one of the closed groups on Pray.com and the community members who join those groups pay nothing . Pray.com does not accept advertising but earns money by taking a small percentage of the donations it facilitates for the groups .
Potter and co-founder Michael Lynn were at the Vatican in late April where Pray.com was used as the community platform of choice for Humanity 2.0 , a gathering of financiers , philanthropists , artists , tech experts , physicians , politicians and religious leaders who came together to discuss ways to work together to make a positive impact on the world .
As a first step , they decided to raise $ 100,000 to give to Pope Francis . The donations and pledges are being made through the app .
But participants , who were not part of a community before the April 19 event at the Vatican , also used the app to pray for safe travel , to comment positively on each other 's presentations and to share news once they were back home .
“ When you think about Facebook and Instagram , you think about your social identity online , which is great . It 's brought everyone together with their social identity — friends and family , ” Potter said . LinkedIn is a social media site for an individual 's professional or work identity . “ When you think about the three core things that make up human beings , it 's your friends and family , what you do and what you believe . ”
Pray.com is designed for that third part , he said . “ It is a place where people engage in prayer and prayer requests , create community , support one another and support their local community , which can be their church , their temple or mosque . ”
Copyright ©2018 Catholic News Service / U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops
Sir , – The commitment to grammar and syntax of the poets who wrote the 1916 proclamation may have blinded them to the danger of including a euphemism for male genitalia – “ manhood ” – in the text .
As Frank McNally observes ( An Irishman 's Diary , May 20th ) , they successfully avoided several other dangling modifiers . – Yours , etc ,
Dr JOHN DOHERTY ,
Gaoth Dobhair ,
Co Dhún na nGall .
Highlights Neem flower is a regular feature in many homes across South India
Neem flower is considered an antiseptic that can cleanse your system
There are quite a few South Indian dishes that incorporate neem flower
A post shared by Vignesh Ravichandra Rao on Mar 29 , 2017 at 4:42am PDT
1 . Neem flower chutney
A post shared by Raghavendra Kumar on Apr 8 , 2016 at 12:13pm PDT
Ugadi ( the beginning of the new year in Karnataka , Andhra and Telengana ) was the Ugadi Pachadi . I remember quizzing my grandmother on why a delicacy served on a festive occasion had a hint of a bitter taste . It 's then that I heard the explanation about how the Ugadi Pachadi served on the first day of the year is a precursor for the year ahead . A mix of sweet , tangy and bitter ; a subtle reminder to ride the rough with the smooth . It 's the neem flower that lends the bitter taste to the Ugadi Pachadi , the one dish you are likely to sample in homes that celebrate Ugadi.It 's not just the Ugadi legends that are linked to the neem flower . Ayurvedic diets consider the neem flower as an ingredient that calms the system ahead of summer - a pitta pacifier . It 's why it 's a regular feature in many homes across South India with the onset of summer . Almost every ingredient associated with the neem tree - like the bark and leaves are full of goodness ; it 's the same with neem flower . That 's the key reason why neem along with moringa is one of the traditional Indian ingredients that has a global profile among wellness freaks . ( Also read : 10 Wonderful Benefits and Uses of Neem Neem flower is considered an antiseptic that can cleanse your system . It is also known to cure skin impurities when applied on the skin . There are quite a few South Indian dishes that incorporate neem flower . Like a neem flower powder in parts of Andhra and Tamil Nadu that is very similar to a curry leaf powder , usually mixed with hot rice and ghee . Just like the other ingredients in the Ugadi pachadi , the spices in some of these dishes balance the bitterness of the neem flower . And almost always , the neem flowers are added towards the end of the cooking process . But you ca n't quite escape the bitter taste of the neem flower even in these dishes . We 've rounded up a few traditional South Indian recipes with neem flower . It 's clearly an acquired taste , but one that comes with tangible health benefits : This is one of the easiest dishes to enjoy the health benefits of neem flowers . You can mix this with hot rice and ghee or enjoy it as an accompaniment with dosas.Dried neem flowers : 1/2 cupUrad dal : 1/4 cupRed chilies : 8-10 Tamarind : size of a big size lemonJaggery : 1/8 cupCurry leaves : small bunch Asafoetida : 2 pinchesGhee : 1 tablespoon
Method :
2 . Neem rasam
A post shared by @ masala_chai on Dec 10 , 2017 at 4:40am PST
3 . Neem flower Kuzhambu
A post shared by Anoop Chand ( @ _foodloose ) on Sep 27 , 2017 at 11:03pm PDT
1 ) Fry the urad dal in a pan with 1 tablespoon of ghee . Remove from the pan once the dal turns golden brown.2 ) Roast the dried neem flowers in the same pan till they turn crispy . Add the tamarind and then the other ingredients including the urad dal.3 ) Keep stirring in the pan adding very little water till the coarse mixture turns into a pickle like consistency.My mother has dozens of rasam recipes under her sleeve but not all those rasams can match the goodness of this rasam infused with neem flower . This is her simple recipe.Neem flower : 1/4 cupJuice from tamarind ( tamarind extract ) : to tasteTur dal ( cooked and mashed in a soup-like consistency ) : 1/4 cupAsafoetida : a pinchGhee : 3/4 spoonCrushed pepper : 1 teaspoonDried red chillies Mustard seeds : 1/4 teaspoonCurry leaves : a small bunchSalt : to taste1 ) Fry the dried neem flowers in 1/2 teaspoon ghee till they turn golden brown . Keep it asideBoil tamarind juice in another dish ( till the raw smell leaves ) 2 ) Add the dal , water and salt ; simmer for a few minutes and add the crushed pepper before turning off.3 ) Add 1/4 teaspoon to another pan . Roast the crushed red chillies , mustard , asafoetida and curry leaves before tossing in the neem leaves.4 ) Add this mixture to the pan with the dal/tamarind water and boil briefly.5 ) Close the lid and let it simmer for a while before serving6 ) You can mix this with rice or just consume it like a soup.Mrs Lalitha Rajan from Chennai is an expert in Chettinad cuisine . This is her recipe . It tastes equally good with rice or thick dosas.Onion shallots ( small onions ) : 20Garlic : 4Turmeric : 1/4 teaspoonChilly Powder : 1 teaspoonCoriander powder : 1 teaspoonTamarind water ( Extract from a tamarind the size of a lemon ) Water - 350 mlSalt - to tasteCurry leaves : small bunchTomato ( chopped ) : 1Cooking oil : 1 tablespoonJeera : 1 teaspoonMustard seeds : 1/2 teaspoon Fenugreek : 1/4 teaspoonUrad dal : 1/4 teaspoon
Method :
1 ) 'Temper ' the mustard seeds , jeera , fenugreek , and curry leaves.2 ) Fry the small Onion along with this3 ) Add the chopped tomato . Sauté.4 ) Then add the chilly powder , salt , coriander powder , turmeric and garlic . Sauté for ten minutesAdd the tamarind water to this mixture ; boil till it reaches the desired consistency.5 ) In a separate pan add a little oil and temper 1/2 teaspoon of jeera , 1/2 teaspoon of mustard seeds , urad dal and curry along with 1/4 cup dried neem flowers . Turn off as soon as the neem flowers turn golden brown6 ) Add this mixture to the gravy and turn off once it simmers.Ashwin Rajagopalan is a cross-cultural training expert and lifestyle writer . When he 's not writing about food , he thinks about gadgets , trends and travel experiences . He enjoys communicating across cultures and borders in his weekday work avatar as a content and editorial consultant for a global major and one of India 's only cross-cultural trainers.The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author . NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy , completeness , suitability , or validity of any information on this article . All information is provided on an as-is basis . The information , facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same .
Revealed in the UK , the latest Bonneville variant is based on the Bobber but features high-end cycle parts – including new suspension and brakes . Along with the new Speedmaster , Triumph also showcased the Bobber Black which , as the name suggests gets an all-black treatment on the exhaust and engine , along with a twin-disc front brake and smaller 16-inch wheels with a wider tyre .
The Speedmaster borrows inspiration from classic American cruisers of the 1960s and aims to give the British brand access to new customers who fancy cruiser styling and relaxed riding position at comparatively entry-level pricing . It gets a hard-tail-style chassis and swingarm which further enhances its retro styling like the Bobber , but gets pulled-back ‘ beach ' handlebars and low saddle height which add to its cruiser appeal . Moreover , the Speedmaster is a two-seater where the rear seat can be removed if one wants to convert the bike into a single-seater .
Powered by the Bobber 's 1,200-cc , twin-cylinder , liquid-cooled engine , the Speedmaster promises to offer strong mid-range performance with improved torque flow . Also new are the 310-mm twin disc brakes with Brembo callipers up-front along with 41-mm forks ( 90 mm travel ) and an adjustable mono-shock at the back .
Being positioned as a cruiser , the Speedmaster gets a larger 12-litre fuel tank which improves the range , so that one makes fewer fuel stops while touring . Electronics include cruise control , ABS , traction control and pre-set ride modes . The instrument console looks similar to the one seen on other bikes from the Bonneville family .
Both the 2018 Triumph Bonneville Speedmaster and Bobber Black are expected to be launched in India next year , and possibly showcased during the 2018 Auto Expo . As of now , the Triumph Bonneville range consists of the T120 , T100 , Street Twin , Thruxton R , the recently launched Scrambler and , of course , the Bobber .
A car was intentionally rammed into a pizzeria east of Paris Monday night , leaving one person dead and seven injured , according to the French Interior Ministry .
The driver was arrested after the incident in Sept-Sorts , 55 kilometers ( 34 miles ) east of Paris , a ministry spokesperson told CNN .
There are no indications that the incident was terror-related , a spokeswoman for the Paris Prosecutor said .
The French National police tweeted that an operation was ongoing and asked people to respect the security perimeter , in order not to affect the rescue operations .
- As noted , Randy Orton pledged his `` undying allegiance '' to WWE Champion Bray Wyatt at the end of last night 's WWE SmackDown and said that he would not face Wyatt at WrestleMania 33 . Above is video of SmackDown General Manager Daniel Bryan announcing a battle royal for next week 's SmackDown with the winner going on to face Wyatt for the title at WrestleMania . As noted , AJ Styles is the first name confirmed for the battle royal .
- The dark match after last night 's SmackDown and 205 Live tapings saw Intercontinental Champion Dean Ambrose defeat The Miz . The Miz cut a promo on the crowd and sang to Maryse for Valentine 's Day , however Ambrose kept interrupting . Ambrose ended up getting the win with Dirty Deeds .
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @ RajGiri_303 . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
Alberto Cainghug shot a one under-par 71 to claim the lowest net trophy during the 4th monthly medal tournament of Rancho Palos Verdes last January 18 to 20 at their home course in Davao City .
Cainghug was followed by Marlon Tabanao , who fired a 75 in the Class A division .
Class A gross champion Karloz Alba fired 75 gross to edge runner-up Ko Young Chan , who had 81 .
Class B net winner Godfrey Costinares shot a 71 to win by two strokes over second placer Ulyses Dino .
Amir Pelaez , meanwhile , carded 85 gross score to clinch the gross championship title against Jay-R Crisostomo , who fired a 95 .
In the ladies division , gross champion Gemma Bokawachi scored an 86 while net champion Park Myung Seon had a 76 .
In the senior 's category , Philip Hazlewood posted a four-under 68 to bag the net title followed by Vic Gonzales with 74 . Boy Tan emerged as the gross champion with 79 while Ting Castillo finished second with 82 gross .
Super senior net champion Susumu Ohnari sizzled with three-under 69 while Alfred Abundo wound up with a 94 gross to win the gross title in the same division .
Reena Bitten By A Dog
Since the injury was severe , the actress was rushed to the hospital . The actress had told an entertainment portal that she has not been shooting since four days and she had said that the injury will take at least month 's time to heal .
The Makers Were Compelled To Replace Reena
Now , since the actress is unable to shoot , the makers were compelled to find a replacement . According to TOI report , the actress too , was not happy with her track .
Reena Threw A Fit Over Her Screen Time
A source was quoted by TOI as saying , `` Reena would often throw a fit over her screen time . In fact , she had put in her papers last month and was serving notice . Her exit is amicable . It 's unfortunate that the dog attack happened , and the production house is taking care of her medical expenses . ''
The Actress Was n't Happy With Her Track
Reena agreed that she was not happy with her track . She was quoted by the leading daily as saying , `` I had even shared my concern with the makers . My character was becoming a tad unrelatable . ''
Reena Discussed With The Creative Team
She added , `` Ca n't an artiste , who has worked on several shows , have such disagreements ? I discussed it with the creative team and they even assured me that they would work on it . ''
The Actress Needs At Least Two Weeks To Recover
`` However , I was bitten by a dog and needed at least two weeks to recover . It 's a deep wound and I have been advised against stepping out in the sun . My family is here to take care of me , as my husband is expected to travel abroad for work . ''
‘ A Lot Of Painful Things Have Happened To Me '
She further added , `` A lot of painful things have happened to me and I do n't want to delve too much into it . I will speak at the right time . '' Apparently , Patrali Chattopadhyay has replaced Reena on the show .
Patrali Chattopadhyay Replaces Reena Agarwal
Patrali was last seen on Porus , in which she played a cameo role . The actress confirmed about her entry on Kya Haal Mr Paanchal , but was unaware of what happened to Reena .
Patrali Unaware Of What Happened To Reena
Patrali Chattopadhyay was quoted by the leading daily as saying , `` I have no idea about what has happened to Reena . I have been told that she is unwell . ''
Have your say
A man has been arrested after a pensioner was robbed in Kettering 's High Street .
The incident took place at about 4.20pm yesterday ( Sunday ) , near the Santander branch .
The victim had his wallet stolen and was injured in the incident .
A police spokesman said : “ We were called to reports of a robbery in High Street , outside Santander .
“ A 77-year-old man suffered minor injuries in the incident and was treated by ambulance at the scene .
“ We have arrested a 28-year-old man and he is currently in custody . ”
The spokesman urged any witnesses or anyone with information to contact them .
Anyone who can help with the investigation can call police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 .
Daniel Ricciardo will walk a contract `` tightrope '' in 2018 .
That is the view of the Australian 's countryman Mark Webber , referring to the fact that Ricciardo is on the prowl for a potential move from Red Bull for 2019 .
`` The first part of the year is very important for him , '' Webber told Melbourne newspaper The Age .
`` He is on a tightrope . There is no question . ''
But he said that while Ricciardo is gambling slightly by stalling , 28-year-old Ricciardo 's F1 future is `` safe '' .
`` It 's just a question if he is wanting the absolute perfect team in '19 and trying to get number 1 status somewhere in those teams . That 's what he would love to achieve , '' Webber said .
KEY WEST , Fla. - A Texas lawyer won Key West 's annual Key lime pie eating contest for the second year in a row Wednesday , scarfing down the signature Florida dessert in less than two minutes .
Without using his hands , Trey Bergman , of Houston , defeated 24 other contenders for the title . Clad in protective googles and a `` champion '' T-shirt , he inhaled a nine-inch pie in 1 minute 40 seconds .
`` My strategy is very simple . It 's the law of ABCs : 'Always Be Consuming ' ! '' said Bergman , who by the end of the contest was covered with whipped cream and pie filling .
A July 4 tradition , Mile High Key Lime Pie Eatin ' Contest is the Florida Keys ' answer to Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest . Also Wednesday , competitive eater Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut took the title at the Coney Island event in New York .
Key lime pie is the state 's official pie . The creamy dessert is believed to have originated in Key West in the 1800s .
`` My Fourth of July tradition in Key West is to eat Key lime pie , '' Bergman said . `` We need no stinkin ' hot dogs , we need no stinkin ' anything else -- If you 're in the Keys , you eat Key lime pie , baby , on the Fourth of July . ''
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Ambiance Realty is a popular name in the real estate domain in Dallas . The HomeNAV service is powered by this company . This is why this service stated that they are backed by experts . Ambiance Realty has experienced a 300 % growth in a single year . The excellent thing about this real estate agency is that they have more than 100 agents working for them and the number of still growing .
The agents of this company are powered by incomparable service and they rightly recognize when to inform clients about unique deals . With such an experience and expertise , this company supports the HomeNAV web service that helps people to search for Dallas homes for sale with ease . The listings on this online service are updated every minute to make sure that prospective seller and buyer gets just the latest information about the buyers and properties available .
The hottest featured listing section on this website service will help prospective shoppers to arrive at the best decision by comparing different properties . With complete details about bed and bath right at the home page , the comparison of properties becomes easier for shoppers .
With this Dallas TX Real Estate service online , people can search for property either on the basis of their budget or based on county or even they can make their search easier by the city . Searching is possible through other categories like mortgages , foreclosures , and advanced search .
About Home NAV :
In addition to making the search possible on the basis of home , condo , land or multi-res , the advanced search option is offered by HomeNAV that is powered by Ambience Realty . With a huge base of satisfied clients , Ambience Realty powers the HomeNAV online search service . So , it will be possible for prospective shoppers and sellers to get the latest listings .
For more information , aspiring candidates can visit https : //www.homenav.re/ & https : //www.homenav.re/dallas-tx-real-estate/
Media Contact :
Barbara D. Letendre
Company : Home NAV
Address : Bolivar , MO
Phone no : 417-326-6102
Email : BarbaraDLetendre @ armyspy.com
Watch : Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - `` You could see balls of hay catching on fire . ''
zaozaa09/Getty Images/iStockphoto
Coin stacks with travel family home car on businessman hand on green background , money and business idea concept
A helicopter has crashed near Aldborough in Boroughbridge according to police .
Police received reports of the crash at 1.23pm today , Wednesday May 30 .
Police officers , fire and ambulance crews are currently at the scene , but police are not yet able to confirm whether there have been any casualties .
Follow Harrogate Advertiser on Facebook and Twitter for the latest updates .
Rea & Associates , a Columbus area CPA firm with a location in Dublin , has detailed on its website the specific accounting services it is able to offer its clients . In addition to accounting-specific services , the firm is able to provide a full range of financial services to its clients .
The Dublin financial services firm begins its description of the accounting services it offers by acknowledging the benefits a business can receive by outsourcing accounting services . Many times , Rea & Associates writes , a business handles its accounting services in-house . Issues may arise with in-house accounting , according to Rea & Associates , if the in-house accountant is not an accounting professional . Businesses that are aware of these issues will often recognize the necessity of either hiring a full-time professional accountant or outsourcing the accounting responsibilities of their business .
The accounting services offered by the Rea & Associates Dublin office are a potential solution for businesses . One factor in the firm 's success in taking over the accounting of a business is the increased efficiency these businesses operate with . Rea is able to increase a business 's accounting efficiency by taking over the accounting functions entirely or by improving processes and modernizing accounting software .
Rea & Associates has accumulated significant experience in helping businesses who outsource their accounting . Over 20 % of the financial services firm 's total business is garnered through these outsourced accounting services . In terms of total number of clients assisted , Rea has helped more than 3,000 clients with accounting services .
Rea offers a variety of accounting services to its business clients . These services include accounting system support and improvement , financial management and consulting , payroll preparation , FLSA rules compliance , financial statement preparation and more . Monthly , quarterly , and year-end accounting services are also offered by the financial services firm . Further details can be found at http : //www.reacpa.com/services/
For businesses interested in learning more about the benefits of their services , Rea has produced a podcast on the subject that they offer through their website . In addition to the podcast , Rea encourages those interested in learning more about their services to read the articles available on their website and to contact the firm directly . https : //www.facebook.com/reacpa
Rea & Associates has operated a Dublin CPA firm since their merger with a local Dublin firm in 1992 . After the merger , the new , larger firm started offering financial services from an office in the Columbus area . The financial services firm provides services to clients throughout the Columbus area including Franklin , Union , Delaware , Licking , Fairfield , Pickaway and Madison counties .
Contact :
Rea & Associates CPA
Address : 5775 Perimeter Dr Suite 200 , Dublin , OH 43017
Phone : 614-889-8725
Fax : 614-889-0159
Email : contactus @ reacpa.com
Website : http : //www.reacpa.com/columbus-cpa-firm/
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Image copyright RHI Image caption Dr Andrew Crawford said he did send departmental information to a neighbour and friend
Arlene Foster 's former special adviser has denied providing `` insider information '' to poultry giant Moy Park over RHI .
Andrew Crawford was giving evidence to the public inquiry into the flawed green energy scheme .
He did send departmental information to a senior company executive at Moy Park who was a neighbour and friend .
Members of the RHI inquiry panel expressed concern that it looked like `` insider information '' .
They thought it might afford the company a commercial advantage .
However , Dr Crawford told the RHI inquiry on Wednesday that , while the poultry processor was a big employer which had lots of contact with government , it did not get preferential treatment .
'Sent to neighbour '
Mr Crawford sent the information to Brian Gibson in November 2014 after an inquiry from his neighbour .
Mr Gibson was a senior member of staff in the company who helped decide which farmers were accepted as suppliers .
Dr Crawford said he did not remember the nature of the inquiry .
But he sourced and sent on a departmental briefing document in an email which suggested that proposed changes to the structure of the scheme were `` not likely to have an impact '' on Moy Park suppliers .
Many of them were using biomass boilers , which were eligible for RHI subsidy , to heat poultry houses .
'Standard document '
Image caption The inquiry was set up in response to public concern about the scheme 's huge projected overspend
Dr Crawford said the briefing document was a standard one meant for distribution beyond the department .
But panel member Keith MacLean said there was no evidence that the information contained in it was already in the public domain .
He said that , by providing Moy Park with the information , Dr Crawford was giving a potential commercial advantage to one company in the poultry sector and it was being done without clearance .
Dr Crawford said Moy Park was an important company and a big employer which the executive wanted to help expand .
He said that , as an international venture , if it did not grow in Northern Ireland , `` it would grow elsewhere '' .
But he said that did not mean that `` we set up schemes to benefit them '' .
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption The inquiry is being chaired by Sir Patrick Coghlin
He said he saw no reason why he should not assist the company with information which was available in the public domain .
Sir Patrick Coghlin said that despite its size and importance , this did not entitle Moy Park to `` insider information '' or `` a view from you as an insider that changes are not likely to have a negative impact '' .
Earlier on Wednesday , Dr Crawford said the former enterprise minister , Arlene Foster , did not `` jettison '' plans for cost controls in the RHI scheme .
He said officials decided to park proposed cost controls and move ahead with the domestic scheme in late 2013 .
Mrs Foster and Dr Crawford were not told that a 10 % target of renewable heat by 2020 was not achievable , the inquiry heard .
It was a Programme for Government target .
There has been a lot of speculation about if the Warriors will stick to tradition and visit the White House after their win of the NBA title .
Tell us what you think and enter below …
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola 's message after he announced his resignation from the club was a heartfelt one .
The Italian , who arrived in December of last year , cut a forlorn figure on the touch-line as he watched his now former side lose 2-0 to Burton .
Yet despite his resignation being announced via the club 's official media channels , Zola admirably faced the press to explain why he had done so .
“ I am sorry because I came here with huge expectations , ” he said .
“ There were a lot of expectations from the people at the club and from myself , but unfortunately results have not been good and I take full responsibility for that .
“ I 've been the first one to be disappointed about the results is me so I have decided to do this .
“ It 's not that I like quitting but I feel like the club deserves the best chance .
“ At the moment it feels I ca n't help these players if I stay . I think this club deserves my respect because of all the support they have given me , and if I feel I ca n't help the team it 's better that I leave someone else to do that .
“ I feel very bad and very sorry . We worked a lot and with a lot of good meaning but unfortunately it did n't produce the results . It 's very disappointing . ”
CAIN ALTO , Puerto Rico ( AP ) — After months of darkness and stifling heat , Noe Pagan was overjoyed when power-line workers arrived to restore electricity to his home deep in the lush green mountains of western Puerto Rico . But to his dismay , instead of raising a power pole toppled by Hurricane Maria , the federal contractors bolted the new 220-volt line to the narrow trunk of a breadfruit tree — a safety code violation virtually guaranteed to leave Pagan and his neighbors blacked out in a future hurricane .
`` I asked the contractors if they were going to connect the cable to the post and they just did n't answer , '' said Pagan , a 23-year-old garage worker .
After an eight-month , $ 3.8 billion federal effort to try to end the longest blackout in United States history , officials say Puerto Rico 's public electrical authority , the nation 's largest , is almost certain to collapse again when the next hurricane hits this island of 3.3 million people .
`` It 's a highly fragile and vulnerable system that really could suffer worse damage than it suffered with Maria in the face of another natural catastrophe , '' Puerto Rican Gov . Ricardo Rossello said .
Advertisement
Another weather disaster is increasingly likely as warmer seas turbocharge the strongest hurricanes into even more powerful and wetter storms . Federal forecasters say there 's a 75 percent likelihood that the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season , which begins Friday , will produce between five and nine hurricanes . And there 's a 70 percent chance that as many as four of those could be major Category 3 , 4 , or 5 hurricanes , with winds of 111 mph ( 179 kph ) or higher .
`` It 's inevitable that Puerto Rico will get hit again , '' said Assistant Secretary Bruce Walker , head of the U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Electricity , which is planning the long-term redesign of the grid run by the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority .
Despite the billions plowed into the grid since Maria hit on Sept. 20 , 2017 , Puerto Rican officials warn that it could take far less than a Category 4 storm like Maria to cause a blackout like the one that persists today , with some 11,820 homes and businesses still without power .
`` The grid is there , but the grid is n't there . It 's teetering , '' said Hector Pesquera , Puerto Rico 's commissioner of public safety . `` Even if it 's a ( Category ) 1 , it is in such a state that I think we 're going to lose power . I do n't know for how long . ''
Federal officials and Puerto Rican leaders blame decades of mismanagement that left the island 's power authority more than $ 9 billion in debt after declaring bankruptcy last year . Expensive projects were launched then cancelled . Politicians approved cheap power for well-connected corporations . By the time Maria hit , wooden power poles were rotted , transmission towers had rusted through and overgrown trees menaced thousands of miles of power lines .
In many places across Puerto Rico , federal emergency funds allocated in the aftermath of the disaster made up for years of neglected maintenance , replacing decaying infrastructure with tens of thousands of new poles and hundreds of miles of power lines rushed from the U.S. mainland at a steep premium .
But in other areas , crews without adequate supplies patched together damaged poles and power lines in a desperate push to restore power . In the western highlands , power cables were spliced together and woven haphazardly through trees in blatant violation of basic safety codes . In Pagan 's town of Cain Alto and at least one other location , trees were used as makeshift power poles in the absence of proper equipment .
`` We patched things up . We worked with the little material that was available and we recycled material . We took the 1,000 feet of wire that was on the ground and we strung it up in another area , '' one power authority worker said , speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation from management . `` We took the post that had fallen over or broken and we put it up somewhere else . A lot of the work is defective . ''
Fredyson Martinez , vice president of the power authority workers ' union , said he estimates that roughly 10 percent to 15 percent of the repair work done over the last eight months did not meet basic quality standards .
`` The logistics were terrible . I give it an F , '' he said . `` Things need to be fixed . ''
Federal and Puerto Rican officials are preparing for another catastrophe that cuts power for weeks or month . The Federal Emergency Management Agency is leaving some 600 generators installed in key sites such as hospitals and water pumping stations , more than six times the number before Maria . FEMA has stockpiled 5.4 million liters of water and more than 80,000 tarps , and is distributing them and other emergency supplies to towns across the island so they will be in place for the next disaster .
Still , few people believe the island is truly ready .
`` If a hurricane comes tomorrow it will leave the island completely without power again , '' said Juan Rosario , a community activist and former member of the power authority 's board of directors .
Up to 4,645 more deaths than usual occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Maria , contends a new study published this week by the New England Journal of Medicine , an estimate that far exceeds the official government death toll of 64 .
Officials now are warning Puerto Ricans to stockpile enough emergency supplies to survive as long as 10 days without help . Tens of thousands of homes still do n't have roofs . FEMA distributed 59,000 enormous plastic sheets to homeowners who lost their roofs in Irma or Maria . More than 100,000 more received smaller tarps to protect specific rooms or belongings . Only 21,000 households have received federal aid to carry out permanent repairs .
Juana Sostre Vasquez 's wooden house in the central highlands was ripped off its foundation by Maria . With the help of a son-in-law , the 69-year-old rebuilt , using cinderblocks and cement bought with $ 14,000 in FEMA reconstruction aid . Her roof is metal sheeting nailed onto wooden two-by-fours because she could n't afford to build stronger . She says she 's hopeful the next hurricane wo n't send that sheeting flying .
`` The money did n't let us do the roof , '' she said . `` I 'm doing it little by little as I save a couple of dollars . ''
Mike Byrne , the head of FEMA 's Caribbean office , says he expects the federal government will eventually have spent a total of $ 17.5 billion in emergency funds on fixing the hurricane damage and making Puerto Rico 's grid more resilient to future storms .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ended its power restoration work in May , so future funding is expected to pass through Puerto Rico 's bankrupt power company . After receiving $ 945 million in federal funds for repairs to the island 's electric grid , Oklahoma-based Mammoth Energy Services announced Monday that the power authority had awarded its subsidiary , Cobra Energy , another $ 900 million to finish the job and begin fortifying the grid against future storms .
Last week , Cobra 's crews were working to rebuild one of a pair of 230-kilo-volt transmission lines climbing from Puerto Rico 's main power plants on its southern coast across high mountains to the main users of energy in the capital , San Juan , and other industrial sites and population centers in the north . Because of a decision years ago to stretch the island 's main transmission lines through a narrow path across the rugged mountains , one of the transmission lines must be turned off so its powerful current does n't energize equipment and workers laboring a few feet away .
Cobra transmission director Alan Edwards had more than 50 linemen working on the repair , at nearly $ 4,000 per worker per day in federal funds from the Puerto Rico power authority , when he got the call to stop . A flaw was causing a transmission line to overheat dangerously elsewhere in the system , so the line alongside where Edwards ' men were working would have to be returned to service , forcing the crews to stop for at least the rest of the day .
`` Maybe we 're back at it tomorrow , I do n't know . May be next week before we can get back out there , '' Edwards said .
The already staggering reconstruction costs will rise by billions more if another hurricane hits . And many billions worth of those federally funded improvements could eventually pass into private hands : Puerto Rico 's Senate could approve the sale of much of the island 's power grid to a private power company or companies as early as this week .
The potential sale wo n't affect the federal government 's decision to spend billions of dollars on repairing and improving the grid , said Byrne , the head of FEMA 's operations in the Caribbean .
`` I ca n't wait , because these are U.S. citizens that are at risk . U.S. citizens deserve every ounce of effort that I can bring to this , and that 's what they 're going to get , '' Byrne said .
____
Michael Weissenstein on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/mweissenstein
Police have been given temporary stop and search powers after four nights of disorder in Birmingham city centre .
A 17-year-old was stabbed in the leg and hands and three officers were assaulted , West Midlands Police said .
A 16-year-old from Rednal has been charged with assaulting two police officers , while three others have been released pending further inquiries .
The force is examining CCTV and speaking to schools to identify those possibly responsible for the trouble .
The violence happened on Monday on Park Street in Digbeth .
'Completely unacceptable '
The following night , officers were assaulted on Dale End in the city , where youths were reported to be carrying knives and hammers .
On Wednesday there were reports of youths fighting in The Square and on Thursday there were reports of up to 80 youths in the area .
West Midlands Police said people would notice an increased police presence in the area on Friday .
Supt Ian Green said : `` We do n't use these powers lightly but it 's completely unacceptable for youngsters to come into Birmingham city centre with weapons and assault police officers and cause alarm for people going about their business . ''
Aside from the uninspiring cover , The Uncommon Life of Alfred Warner in Six Days by Juliet Conlin lives up to its title in recounting the most unordinary tale in a truly beguiling fashion . Opening on day one of our elderly protagonist arriving in Berlin , the novel goes on to flit between his past and present life that is shared over the course of his six-day stay .
Whilst the novel sets out feeling like a charming tale of a normal old man 's history , the reader soon realises the magical element of the story that transforms the dialogue of the plot . From the age of six , Alfred Warner has been able to hear the voices of three ancient women that advise and guide him through life . Visiting his estranged granddaughter in Germany , Alfred soon discovers the pain the inherited voices have caused her and , knowing he only has six days to live , must save her life before his impending death .
With the constant interjections of internal voices , one might think that Conlin would naturally adopt a first person account , but her choice of third-person narrative proves pleasantly refreshing .
Conlin perfects the skill of building multi-layered storyline that does not falter in any of the varying plotlines . What grips the reader throughout this over 400-page novel are the constant cliff-hangers that , in addition to writing skill , succeed in attaching the reader desperately to each time frame . Reminiscent of The Time Traveller 's Wife , this novel journeys from past to present with a supernatural element that is believable enough to break the heart of any reader .
Parallel to a mix of time frames , or indeed the result of , seems to exist a myriad of genres that render the novel so multi-faceted in form . Journeying from Germany to Scotland and back again , Alfred 's rich history takes the reader through war-time struggles in Nazi Germany , the passions of love and lust to suicide and mental illness in the 21st century . Full of drama , Conlin avoids the risk of over informing readers with contextual history and instead focuses on the intimacy of relationships and the evolving tone of the women 's voices . The ever-changing environment wrings out extreme emotional reaction that ranges from unrelenting heartbreak at Alfred 's losses to genuine terror at the sinister voices that his granddaughter experiences .
A fantastic read that never dulls and is impossible to tear away from , The Uncommon Life of Alfred Warner in Six Days is a skilled amalgamation of history and variety of plot that mimics the multiplicity of the mystical voices who indirectly steer the novel . It is surprising that it is not on the tables of Waterstones ' bestsellers as , like Audrey Niffenegger 's infamous novel , Conlin 's efforts are worthy of Hollywood .
The Uncommon Life of Alfred Warner in Six Days by Juliet Conlin .
( Published by Black & White Publishing )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
You might be not able to see it - but pollution in the air , mainly caused by vehicles on the roads , is having a harmful effect on the health of those living and working in the city .
The Government has asked Birmingham , and a number of other cities , to introduce a Clean Air Zone ( CAZ ) from January 2020 .
Birmingham 's population is growing , new buildings are going up , our rail and metro systems are getting bigger and faster and we have the Commonwealth Games to look forward to in 2022 .
But to protect the people of our city - and future generations to come - we have to do something about air pollution now .
The stats speak for themselves - air pollution is responsible for the early deaths of nearly 900 people in Birmingham every year .
Now it 's time for Brummies to have their say on those plans by getting involved with Birmingham City Council 's consultation .
The council has been gathering and analysing lots of information to find how bad air pollution is in the city and how it is likely to be improved by a CAZ .
This consultation is your chance to tell the council what you think and find out how you will be affected by the CAZ .
What does the council want to do ?
( Image : Handout )
The first goal is to reduce the level of NO2 to a maximum average of 40μg/m3 as soon as possible .
There are plans for a Clean Air Zone , where the most polluting vehicles would have to pay to enter the city centre - all the roads within the A4540 Middleway ring road .
Charges would apply to most vehicles whose engine does not meet specific pollution standards : including buses and coaches , lorries , vans , cars and taxis and specialist vehicles like bin lorries . Vehicles with a clean enough engine would not be charged .
( Image : Handout )
They also want to improve public transport , upgrading engines and building electric charging points , making changes to roads and reviewing charges for parking .
So what else can we do ?
We need to consider other ways to get the most polluting vehicles off our roads and to make sure that all vehicles give out as little pollution as possible .
Birmingham City Council has ideas about how to do this , some of which is already being put into practice . This is all about helping people to change their behaviour , so they would like your ideas and feedback about the best way to do that .
Some of these actions would work best if applied to the whole city , some might be better if targeted to specific places or road users . More detailed consultation will be needed before plans are introduced .
How can I get involved ?
The best way to respond to this consultation is online via www.birmingham.gov.uk/caz , where you will also find a number of supporting documents with more information .
( Image : Handout )
If you do n't have access to the internet , a paper questionnaire is available in libraries .
Birmingham City Council will be holding a number of drops in sessions , where you can speak with the team and find out more . Pick up a leaflet or go online for full details .
If you have questions , email cleanair @ birmingham.gov.uk or call 0121 464 4412 .
Consultation closes on 17 August 2018 .
What happens next ?
Birmingham City Council will read and consider all the feedback .
They have to present plans for improving Birmingham 's air quality and introducing a Clean Air Zone to the Government in September 2018 .
They will then publish a report on everything they have learnt in the consultation .
The Clean Air Zone will be ‘ built ' in 2019 , installing cameras and preparing and testing all the systems . Charging for vehicles would start in January 2020 .
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Moscow is awaiting nearly two dozen Russian diplomats ordered to leave Britain as part of a standoff over a nerve agent attack on British soil .
The 23 diplomats are expected to leave British territory Tuesday , the Russian Foreign Ministry told The Associated Press .
The diplomats were given a week to leave Britain , an order which prompted Russia to retaliate with its own expulsion of 23 British diplomats . The British diplomats are expected to leave Moscow in the coming days .
Tensions between the two countries have ratcheted higher since the March 4 poisoning of ex-Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in the British city of Salisbury . They remain in critical condition .
Advertisement
Russia denies involvement , but Western powers see it as a sign of increasingly aggressive Russian meddling abroad .
Britain 's National Security Council is meeting Tuesday to consider possible further measures .
British Prime Minister Theresa May and other European Union leaders are due to discuss the poisoning at a summit Thursday . The EU on Monday condemned the poisoning and called on Russia to `` address urgently '' British questions over the Novichok nerve agent program .
The Russian Foreign Ministry called Britain 's accusations `` speculative and baseless . ''
In a statement , it accused Britain and other EU member states of continuing development of similar nerve agents and said Britain 's government is stirring up `` media hysteria '' around the case to distract Britons from the government 's troubles in negotiating the country 's exit from the EU .
Russia insists it gave up all its chemical weapons under international oversight .
The British military and police are continuing to search for clues around Salisbury into what happened . International chemical weapons experts are due to take samples of the nerve agent used , which Britain says is the Soviet-developed Novichok .
British police investigators say it may take `` months '' to complete the widening inquiry . The focus is on the movement of the Skripals in the hours before they were found unconscious .
click to enlarge SARA BANNOURA
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the lastest on the news , things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox .
Follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
When it comes to strengthening LGBTQ protections in Missouri , the legislature has historically been a wasteland where attempts to expand the state 's anti-discrimination laws to protect sexual orientation and gender identity go to die.But that still leaves the justice system as an alternate frontier for expanding those rights . On Wednesday , the Missouri Supreme Court is scheduled to hear two cases of alleged discrimination against gay and transgender plaintiffs.The cases are significant because they represent cases of discrimination that are not covered by the language of Missouri 's Human Rights Act . The state 's conservative-dominated legislature has spent more than two decades thwarting efforts to expand its protections to include gay , lesbian and transgender residents in addition to those discriminated against for their age , sex or race . Advocacy groups are hoping the state 's highest court will finally shift the balance.First , there 's a case of teenage trans boy , identified in court documents R.M.A. , whose mother sued the Blue Springs school district in 2014 over the district 's refusal to allow her son use the boy 's locker room.According to court filings , R.M.A began identifying as male at age nine , and the school district near Kansas City went as far as updating its records to reflect R.M.A 's new legal name . It also permitted him to participate in boys-only gym class and athletic activities . However , that permissiveness stopped at the locker room and bathroom ; the district instead directed the student to use a unisex facility.In response , the school asked a circuit judge to dismiss the lawsuit before trial — on the grounds that the Missouri Human Rights Act does n't cover discrimination based on sexual identity . The district argued that the law 's language only protects from discrimination against `` gender-related traits '' such as pregnancy.A circuit judge agreed to dismiss the case , and in 2017 the Missouri Court of Appeals similarly ruled in favor of the school district . In the appellate ruling , Judge Cynthia Martin noted that it was n't the court 's place to extend the law further than intended by the legislature . `` Our judicial role does not permit us to vary settled legislative intent based on evolving social sensitivities , '' Martin wrote . `` Instead , we are bound by the state of the law as it currently exists . `` But R.M.A . 's attorneys and other LGBTQ advocates appealed that ruling , arguing that the state law does , in fact , cover discrimination aimed trans individuals , and that R.M.A . should be legally permitted to argue their case against the school district at trial . The state 's highest court agreed to hear the matter.A second case scheduled to be heard tomorrow by the Missouri Supreme Court also challenges a narrow interpretation of the Missouri 's anti-discrimination laws . In , a gay employee of the Missouri Department of Social Services alleges that the department and two supervisors discriminated and retaliated against him and a co-worker after they filed complaints under the state 's Human Rights Act.The state employee , Harold Lampley , contends that his superiors discriminated against him because he `` does not exhibit the stereotypical attributes of how a male should appear and behave . `` Filing a complaint with the Missouri Commission on Human Rights is the first step an employee takes to eventually move their case to a formal lawsuit , but the commission threw out Lampley 's complaint in 2016 , ruling that it was n't authorized to handle claims based on sexual orientation.In October 2017 , however , an appellate court made a groundbreaking decision in favor of Lampley , ruling that Missouri law does bar employers from discriminating based on gender stereotypes.The commission appealed , and now the Missouri Supreme Court will take a crack at the case , parsing what the state discrimination law covers , and what it doesn't.So , what happens if the Missouri Supreme Court rules in favor of a broader interpretation of existing state law ? In theory , it would create precedent that the law 's current languagecan be interpreted to include gender identity and sexual orientation , thus allowing individuals like Lampley and R.M.A . to pursue litigation . `` It 's about more than bathrooms , '' said the ACLU of Missouri in a press release earlier this month . The group has filed briefs in both cases , in support of R.M.A . and Lampley . `` Every student in Missouri deserves a fair chance to succeed in school , '' the statement continued , `` and all Missourians deserve the right to employment free from discrimination based on sex stereotypes . `` For more background and briefs related to the cases , check out the Missouri Supreme Court 's official summaries here
By Simon Jones
Premier League club Burnley are poised to make an improved £20 million ( $ 35.5m ) bid for Leeds United striker - and All Whites captain - Chris Wood .
The Championship side have said the 25-year old is not for sale and dismissed Burnley 's offer of £12m ( $ 21.3m ) plus add-ons last week .
However , Burnley manager Sean Dyche is undeterred and wants to push through a deal for the Kiwi international who scored 30 goals last season , the Daily Mail reported .
Advertisement
Wood takes on Harlee Dean of Brentford in last season 's Championship match . Photo / AP Wood takes on Harlee Dean of Brentford in last season 's Championship match . Photo / AP
Burnley had considered Napoli 's Duvan Zapata and Nicolas de Proville of Lille but Dyche prefers players with English league experience .
Leeds is ambitious to gain promotion and would struggle to replace the Whites skipper 's goals though they have lined up Pierre-Michel Lasogga from Hamburg and Ross McCormack of Aston Villa . Both are likely to be initial loans .
Burnley sold striker Andre Gray to Watford earlier this summer for £18.5m ( $ 32.8m ) .
English media outlets have reported that Dyche - who led his side to a shock 3-2 win over reigning Premier League champions Chelsea on Sunday ( NZT ) - was interested in signing Wood to replace Gray .
New Leeds manager Thomas Christiansen poured cold water over the idea of selling Wood however , telling The Guardian of Wood 's importance to the club .
`` Chris is very important and that is why he will not leave , '' he said after Leeds ' 0-0 draw against Preston North End at the weekend .
`` Many bids can come , of course , he is a good striker . But if we want to achieve something this season , you can not sell your best players . If we want to go up , we need to keep good players . ''
Wood was the Championship 's leading goal scorer last season , netting 27 goals - 30 in all competitions - in England 's second tier league .
It was his nose for goal that has seen him monitored by other Premier League outfits , such as Southampton , Swansea City , Brighton and Hove Albion , and Stoke .
The Bleacher Report has also reported that West Bromwich Albion have also shown interest in signing Wood , more than seven years after the Baggies first signed him as a teenager .
Wood joined West Brom from NRFL side Hamilton Wanderers in 2009 , making his Premier League debut for the club in a 2-2 draw against Portsmouth as a 17-year-old .
PORTLAND , Ore. ( KGW ) — A man was killed on I-205 after he was hit by a semi-truck driver on Sunday afternoon .
The report came into Portland Police at about 12:36 p.m . Upon arriving , officers and medical personnel found the man , who was already dead .
Police say the man pulled off the freeway and was hit when he got out of his car .
The semi-truck driver stopped and is cooperating with officers .
All northbound traffic on I-205 has been diverted off the freeway at the Foster Road exit and are being allowed to re-enter the freeway at Powell Boulevard . Police said the freeway will remain closed for several hours .
ISLAMABAD ( AP ) — A Pakistani rights group has appealed on Indonesia to free on humanitarian grounds a terminally ill Pakistani convict on death row .
The Justice Project Pakistan , which opposes capital punishment , said in a statement Thursday that 54-year-old Zulfiqar Ali could soon die after his health deteriorated while in a Jakarta prison hospital .
There was no immediate response from Indonesia .
Ali was arrested in November 2004 and later convicted on drug smuggling charges which carry the death sentence in Indonesia . The rights group claims his trial was unfair and that he was wrongfully convicted .
Advertisement
Sarah Belal , executive director at Justice Project Pakistan , said they can not save Ali 's life but are trying to help him `` die a free man . ''
Pakistani President Mamnoon Hussain has asked Indonesia President Joko `` Jokowi '' Widodo to pardon Ali .
Dr Ralf Speth makes most busy people look lazy . Just off a long flight from India , he had stopped off in Shannon to see the progress at the Jaguar Land Rover ( JLR ) new technology and research centre in the Co Clare town , before rushing to Dublin for the opening of the multimillion euro JLR showroom just opened by Spirit Motors in Sandyford .
Yet Dr Speth , JLR 's chief executive , looks fresh and unflustered as he sits down and enthuses to The Irish Times about just what a huge influence the Shannon operation will have on these iconic British brands .
“ You have a very good education system , you have very special people , people with this kind of dedication , this kind of passion , so it 's very interesting to be here . Then there 's the hospitality of the people , the friendliness , but it 's not just about that . These young and passionate people , who are interested in changing mobility , that 's what makes it the right place to be , ” says Speth .
He wants Shannon to become JLR 's centre of excellence when it comes to both electric cars , and further down the track , to autonomous cars . The centre 's eventual 150 employees will therefore have an influence over the future of Jaguar and Land Rover quite out of proportion to its size in the 43,000-strong global employee roster .
Experts
“ So the future of mobility will be electric , will depend more and more on electric and infrastructure talking to each other . And we will do all this in Ireland , ” says Speth . “ And it can create something very special . Think about it . The people who are working here are experts in electrical and electronic architectures , but also in autonomous . Being an island can be a disadvantage sometimes , but it can also be a huge advantage .
“ Especially if you think about the future of our business , which is about electrification , and autonomy , and connectivity . If you have an opportunity where you have an isolated island , you can change the way of mobility in an advanced way . There are a lot of ideas you can create here , you can demonstrate here , you can shape here , both in public transport and in private cars . There 's so much you can do here . ”
That future could be further down the line than is commonly assumed , though . Although autonomous technology is a current headline grabber , Dr Speth feels there 's a major hurdle to get over before we can all go autonomous - electric power . “ Autonomy from my point of view has to be built on electrification , because the internal combustion engine does n't react fast enough to run it autonomously . From my point of view , autonomy is still too dangerous . ”
Cybersecurity
“ We have to do a lot of safety features , cybersecurity , and develop all of that far more than it is today . So for now we can talk about increasing assistance , driver assistance , but we do n't have the real ideal autonomous technology yet . And from my point of view , we want to keep a steering wheel . Because sometimes , we want to make sure that we still can have fun . Therefore we will have these sorts of vehicles for many generations to come . ”
Dr Speth says petrol and diesel will still play a major role in our lives for quite some time to come . “ Assuming you will get between 20-40 per cent electrification in the fleet , not evening defining the degree of electrification , when you turn that figure around , you see that the rest is covered by the internal combustion engine , ” he says . “ Maybe with a hybrid , but even so that 's not the ideal basis for autonomy . So let 's start with the electrification of the vehicle first , such as with the I-Pace , and we 're the first premium car company to offer this kind of vehicle , with a very special package . So although we 're a small company , we 're very advanced , and I have to say that it 's fun to do it . ”
Too emotional
He also thinks that the debate surrounding diesel , petrol , electrification and air quality has become far too emotional , and that we need to get back to the facts so that the best decisions can be made . “ I am convinced , absolutely , that we will continue to have internal combustion engines in mobility for many years to come . Look at trucks and heavy goods vehicles , which will still need diesel engines for many generations . If you compare today modern Euro6+ diesel engines , with a petrol engine , I think that the diesel is still a very good engine . So my plea is to know the facts and figures , and that we go away from an emotional discussion and back to a discussion based on scientific fact , that we compare the pluses and minuses in a neutral way and then decide what we want to have .
“ You know that the diesel engine still has advantages in Co2 , so overall I think that in the future , a modern diesel engine is still a very innovative , very good product , helping by the way to reduce overall fuel consumption , but also helping in the fight against Co2 emissions . So that helps both nations to meet their Paris and Kyoto obligations , and also the carmakers to fulfil the regulations from Brussels ” says Dr Speth , who also rails against the apparent short-sightedness of the UK authorities and their approach to diesel . “ The UK is taxing the new diesel technology , and in principle that means that older cars will be kept for longer , which will increase pollution . And then they will have to pay more fines . I do n't understand it . ”
Investment
“ Whether you want to create a network for electric cars , or for hydrogen cars , that takes investment , and it 's all about the society we want to create . What 's right for society , what 's right for the environment , is in principle the best investment of the society , the government , and the carmaker . So the decision was made to go electric . But it 's also the issue that maybe tomorrow there will be a new Einstein who changes the technology , and then this judgment might have to change , but it 's quite clear from a scientific point of view that electric is where we 're moving towards . ”
Of more immediate concern are Jaguar and Land Rover 's sales . For the year to the end of March 2018 , the company actually set a new sales record of 614,309 vehicles globally , with a 6 per cent growth in revenue . Sales in the company 's traditional heartlands of the UK and Europe fell , though , by 12.8 per cent and 5.3 per cent respectively . “ I 'm very much concerned about it , ” says Speth . “ For us the UK is the home market , it 's something of importance . Other companies just see it as a small island , where you can sell some cars , so for these guys it 's not important . But if you look at the UK market , you can see it 's fallen back by 15 per cent , year on year , that diesel sales are back by 40-60 per cent , so our home market is having its problems . ”
Brexit
In spite of this , Speth denies that international investments , such as Shannon , such as new factories in Slovakia and Brazil , are an attempt to hedge against any effects of Brexit . “ It 's nothing to do with Brexit . We have made these decisions quite a while ago , and it 's more about bringing the cars closer to the customers , so it 's necessary . It 's not about going out of the UK . It will always be the heart and soul of our brands , so we want to have more balance between the UK and the international operations . ”
Irish sales have not done so well either . Land Rover 's sales so far this year fell fractionally by 0.15 per cent , but Jaguar 's sales will be more of a concern – down by 18.3 per cent this year , in spite of the introduction of the new E-Pace crossover . Presumably , someone sees more potential in both brands , given the investment in the new Spirit dealership .
Dr Speth , though , points out how far Jaguar and Land Rover have come in the decade since the company was bought from Ford by Indian conglomerate Tata . “ In these 10 years , back in 2008 the economy was going up when he bought it , but then we fell into what was the worts recession in all of our memories . We had a really difficult time . In 2008 we sold 195,000 units , now we 're selling more than 600,000 , so it 's not bad . We increased turnover by five times , we increased the workforce by three times to more than 43,000 people , more than 12,000 engineers , and we 've done all that because we have the support of Ratan Tata . The man is a true visionary . Ratan Tata saw the power of the people in the brands , so he gave us the opportunity to overinvest at first , in mid- and long-term projects , so that we could build our brands . So he gave us that freedom , and we value it very much . We got to produce the vehicles we want to have , the vehicles we want to drive ourselves . ”
In the future , those cars could be the vehicles that a team of 150 Irish engineers and technicians want to drive .
Dear Savvy Senior ,
Can you recommend some good travel companies that offer good deals for single travelers ? I 've taken a couple tours since I retired a few years ago , but the single-supplement fee really cuts into my budget .
Solo Sally
Dear Sally ,
Solo traveling is a growing trend among baby boomers and retirees . Nearly 1-in-4 who travel today , go it alone according to a recent Visa Global Intentions Study . But one of the biggest drawbacks among solo travelers is the single supplemental fee – which is an extra fee charged to single travelers who stay in a double occupancy room alone .
To help you avoid this extra charge , more and more travel companies and cruise lines are making adjustments to accommodate the growing solo-traveler market . Here are several to check into .
Singles Travel
There are a variety of travel companies today that specialize in vacations for solo travelers , including Singles Travel International ( SinglesTravelIntl.com ) and Singles Travel Getaways ( SinglesTravelGetaways.com ) . Both companies offer tours , cruises and adventures in the U.S. and overseas , and will match you with a roommate to avoid the single supplement , or wo n't charge you if a match ca n't be arranged .
General Tour Operators
Some big operators in this category that have lots of solo travelers include Intrepid Travel ( IntrepidTravel.com ) , which handles more than 100,000 travelers each year , sending them to more than 100 countries . And G Adventures ( Gadventures.com ) , which has more than 700 tours around the globe , and offers a variety of travel styles . Both of these companies can pair you with a roommate , and some tours offer your own room option for an additional fee .
And for higher-end luxury travel check out Abercrombie & Kent ( AbercrombieKent.com ) , which offers a 50 percent single supplement discount on their select small group solo travel trips and cruises , and Tauck ( Tauck.com ) , which has no single supplement on their European river cruises .
50-Plus Travel
If you 're interested in trips designed for adults 50 and older consider ElderTreks ( ElderTreks.com ) , Road Scholar ( RoadScholar.org ) and Overseas Adventure Travel ( OATtravel.com ) .
ElderTreks specializes in exotic adventures worldwide , and will match single travelers with roommates on most of its trips , and does n't charge if a match ca n't be arranged .
Road Scholar specializes in worldwide learning adventures , and has designated trips that offer the same price for solo travelers as for those traveling in pairs .
And Overseas Adventure Travel , which operates in Asia , Africa , Europe , South America , the Middle East , Cuba , Australia and New Zealand , has free single supplements on all its land tours and either free or low-cost single supplements on its small-ship adventures .
Cruise Lines
If cruising is your thing , there are a number of cruise lines that have some ships with single-occupancy cabins , including Norwegian Cruise Line ( NCL.com ) , Royal Caribbean ( RoyalCaribbean.com ) and Vantage Deluxe World Travel 's river ships ( VantageTravel.com ) .
Or , consider booking a cruise at SinglesCruise.com , which uses a variety of different cruise lines for their single customers . They provide roommate matching .
Solo Women
For solo women travelers , there are a host of tour companies and clubs , like GutsyWomenTravel.com , Women-Traveling.com , SerenDipityTraveler.com , TheWomensTravelGroup.com and Womens-Travel-Club.com that will either match you up with a roommate , or reduce their single supplement fee .
Travel Partner
If you 'd rather find a suitable travel partner before you book your next trip , there are a number of free websites that can help you here too . See Travbuddy.com , TravelFriend.us and TravelersMeeting.com . Or , to find a cruise buddy try CruiseMates.com , which has a message board where users can post roommate requests .
For more information on solo travel , check out SoloTravelerWorld.com , which offers solo travel tips , destinations and stories , and also publishes a monthly list of solo travel deals .
Send your senior questions to : Savvy Senior , P.O . Box 5443 , Norman , OK 73070 , or visit SavvySenior.org . Jim Miller is a contributor to the NBC Today show and author of “ The Savvy Senior ” book .
Boston Celtics forward Jae Crowder ( 99 ) reacts after being fouled by Dallas Mavericks guard Raymond Felton ( on ground ) while shooting a 3-pointer during the final seconds of second half of an NBA basketball game at American Airlines Center on Monday , Jan. 18 , 2016 , in Dallas . Crowder hit all three free throws to force overtime . ( Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News )
AUBURN HILLS , Mich. -- Coach Rick Carlisle firmly believes Boston has a real chance to throw a scare into Cleveland in the Eastern Conference playoffs .
The Celtics own the second-best record in the East and with Kevin Love 's knee surgery , a run at the No . 1 seed in the East is a possibility .
`` They 're a very good offensive team , one of the best , '' Carlisle said after the Celtics smacked the Mavericks 111-98 . `` They got a legitimate chance to get to the finals with that team out of the East . ''
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bath Beads Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report America Soap Company , Double Body Co. , Ltd. , VWR , Aromafloria , Purcell Jojoba , Guangdong Megio Bio-Tech Co. , Ltd. , HanZa , Greenbrier , Village Naturals , Escape Concepts , Vaseline , Bean Bath Beads , Bath & Body Works , Deluxe Comfort , Waxwell , Tree Hut .
The report begins with introducing the global Bath Beads market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bath Beads report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-beads-market/5895/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Bath Beads Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Under 5 Ounces , 5 to 9 Ounces , 10 to 14 Ounces , 15 to 19 Ounces , 20 to 29 Ounces , 29 Ounces & Above .
Bath Beads Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Women , Men , Children .
Key points in the Bath Beads Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-beads-market/5895/ # inquiry
From all of this Bath Beads market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bath Beads market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Bath Beads distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The Met Office is warning there may be more snow on the way in the south Midland today and have extended the area and timeframe where it may fall .
A spokesman for the Met office said : `` With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England , as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night , icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces .
The Met Office has extended its warning across the region today
`` At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon . However , most accumulations here should be above about 100 m .
`` This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday .
`` This is an update to extend the warning into Monday afternoon , pull this a little southward and to make this a combined snow and ice warning . ''
In the sea of March-released uninteresting movies , Game Night , a comedy-turned-crime-thriller , stands out . It is raucous and playful , without propelling into the typical territory of a Jason Bateman comedy– weary jokes that push well beyond the edge into the area of ‘ wildly offensive ' . Screenwriter Mark Perez , known for a handful of B-comedies , pairs up with the now infamous duo John Francs Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , who wrote Horrible Bosses ( 2011 ) , to create Game Night , following the style of their previous film . Both Horrible Bosses and Game Night begin with a comical yet tame tone , only to quickly descend into a chaos of situations that spring us into a completely new world which eagerly embraces the absurd .
The film stars Jason Bateman and Rachel McAdams are Max and Annie , a passionate couple whose spark is sourced in a mutual love for games , of any type . The two meet in a typical Hollywood ‘ meet-cute ' when both competitively attempt to win during a laid-back pub quiz . After they marry , they begin a tradition of legendary game nights with friends , playing anything from Scrabble to staging elaborate nerf gun battles . A slick sequence pans over what looks like a series of plastic house-pieces from The Game of Life , aligned in a cul-de-sac , then slowly morphs an aerial shot of Max and Annie 's actual house , a typicality of suburban America . The sequence not only establishes the mundanity of the primary couple 's lives , but cleverly foreshadows the forthcoming action – so improbable that reality itself morphs into a game .
Max and Annie always invite their regular group of quirky friends to their game night : the stereotypically dimwitted Ryan ( Billy Magnussen ) who invites Sarah ( Sharon Horgan ) as his date , a beautiful and sharp co-worker , plus Kevin ( Lamorne Morris ) and Michelle ( Kylie Bunbury ) . During the titular game night , Max 's handsome and more successful older brother Brooks ( Max Chandler ) shows up to insist everyone come for a murder-mystery type game night at his mansion rental house . What ensues is a fracas that is both hilarious and compelling : Brooks is kidnaped and everyone must embark on a quest to track him down .
Game Night perfectly fuses the action-thriller and comedy genres , providing Baby Driver-esque car chases and an almost cartoonish adult humor . The script seems well curated ; it has the air of something that was drafted and perfected to land the humor in a way that is never lazy , but instead perfectly crafted . Each character has time to develop and breathe their way into their own particular comedic style . Game Night has complete control over the jokes , the characters , and the action , intricately weaving each element together to create a movie that is refreshingly entertaining .
Film reviewed at Cineworld , Edinburgh .
Image : Courtesy of Warner Bros. Pictures
Dive Brief :
Third-graders at Grafflin Elementary School in Chappaqua , NY , were given the opportunity to present proposals on how to improve their classrooms to their peers , administrators and Chappaqua School Foundation members as part of a class unit on persuasiveness , Chappaqua high school students Hannah Fenlon and Henry Asa , who also serve on the foundation 's grant-focused Student Advisory Committee , write for EdSurge .
For inspiration on the proposals — which included activity rooms and bean bag chairs — the students watched a `` Grant Shark Tank '' event from Horace Greeley High School , which teachers said inspired them to take their writing `` to a different level . ''
Fenlon and Asa write that the school foundation 's Student Advisory Committee has over 50 student members who are given the opportunity to provide feedback on grants to better ensure the foundation finances efforts outside of the standard school budget that are innovative and impactful .
Dive Insight :
As traditional blue collar jobs are disrupted by automation , artificial intelligence and outsourcing , schools rethinking classroom design to keep up with shifts in the economy . Employers now want graduates entering the workforce who are prepared to collaborate and work in a more open environment that requires less dependence on rote processes and more creative and critical thinking .
But before any heavy investment is made , administrators should ensure the changes are in line with what students will actually use . As Robert Dillon , the director of innovative learning for the School District of University City ( MO ) and the co-author of `` The Space : A Guide for Educators , '' told attendees at this year 's Future of Education Technology Conference in January , achieving this will require educators to develop a `` designer mindset . '' In doing so , they can more effectively address the hundreds of `` micro-decisions '' involved in finding the choices students would love to make and that they feel would help their learning .
This will , of course , require school administrators to solicit student input and test how they interact with limited amounts of new furniture items before making broader purchases . Finding solutions that fit within budgets and considering variances in spaces based on needs and subjects can also present a challenge . But ultimately , involving students in the process can give them a higher degree of investment in their learning while also improving their confidence because their ideas are valued and considered by their educators in the first place , even if they are n't ultimately implemented .
Granite City Sports airs Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on AM 1390 KXSS with Jay Caldwell , John Holler , Lee Voss and Dave Overlund . The podcast is also available on iTunes .
Institute boss Kevin Deery was a frustrated man following their third draw in a row , this time Larne secured a share of the spoils , at Drumahoe , on Friday night .
Deery again felt his side did more than enough to claim all three points , but that wee rub of the green has deserted his side in recent weeks .
“ Drawing is definitely our Achilles heel at the minute , ” he said .
“ I just spoke to the players our last two goals we have scored against Dergview and Larne have been two OG 's and we are missing chances everywhere , when I say chances , we have hit the bar and the post a few times but you ca n't keep doing it .
“ To be honest the goal we conceded I think we are out of luck a wee bit as well and I think our luck is down a wee bit at the minute .
“ Against Larne their goal was a freak , it was a wide free-kick from a long way out and it dips over our defenders and bounces into the net , so as I said we are out of luck at the minute , but we have to keep battling through it , as we have three fixtures before the split .
“ Listen we are still in the top six , we are n't where we want to be but we are still fighting with 13 games left . ”
Deery also admitted that poor decision making in both boxes are hurting his side .
“ Look we had the better chances and deserved to win but as I said our luck is a wee bit going against us at the minute , ” he added .
“ I keep saying to the players it 's the decision making in both boxes is the differences in games . I felt if we had had attacked that free-kick with real purpose we probably would have got it out of their ; yes , it was a good delivery but we sort of left it to each other instead of going to deal with the cross .
“ Then in their box , its decision making that wins you games and while we work on a lot of attacking stuff in training we have to keep believe in it and while we have only scored two OGs in 180 minutes and yes we need to have more than that I believe in the players and it will turn for us .
“ Young Ciaron ( Harkin ) should have added to his goalscoring tally when he was a few yards out , Browner ( Gareth Brown ) was unlucky with a looping header which was given offside and he hits the bar with one , while Dean ( Curry ) hits the post . ”
MUMBAI : Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ) became the first Indian company in a decade to breach the $ 100-billion market value barrier after stocks in the IT giant soared on Monday .
Shares in India 's largest software exporter rose more than 4 percent following positive earnings results to hit a high of 3,557 rupees ( $ 53.53 ) on the Bombay Stock Exchange 's Sensex index .
The surge propelled the firm 's market capitalisation value to 681 trillion rupees , above $ 100 billion , as TCS became just the second Indian company in history to cross the symbolic mark .
Reliance Industries , the energy-to-telecoms conglomerate owned by Asia 's richest man Mukesh Ambani , was the first Indian group to breach the $ 100-billion marker , back in 2008 .
“ It is an important milestone , which not only gives us something to cheer but also changes the perspective and sentiment toward other Indian software makers , ” Gaurang Shah , head investment strategist at Geojit Financial Services Ltd. in Mumbai , told Bloomberg News .
The shares were spurred by a TCS earnings report released on Thursday which showed that the technology company had enjoyed a 4.4 per cent rise in consolidated net profit year-on-year for the quarter ending March .
TCS recorded net profits of 69.04 billion rupees , beating many analysts ' expectations . The IT services exporter has also been boosted by a weakening rupee .
TCS was at the forefront of India becoming a back office to the world as companies — largely in developed nations — subcontracted work , taking advantage of the country 's skilled English-speaking workforce .
The flagship industry has made India a top business destination by offering software development and information technology , engineering and design and other services .
WASHINGTON — President Trump delivered a brief address from the White House Diplomatic Room in which he denounced the shooting of a top House Republican and others as a “ very , very brutal assault. ” He said that “ many lives would have been lost without the heroic action ” of Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman .
“ We may have our differences , but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation 's capital is here because , above all , they love our country , ” Trump said . “ We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans , that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace and that we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good . ”
Republican Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot in the early morning fusillade of gunfire , and several other people , including members of Scalise 's security detail , also were wounded . The gunman was killed .
A man walking his dog captured the gunfire on his cell phone , and it is being shared on social media . Warning about profanity :
Man Walking Dog Captures Moment Scalise Shooter Opens Fire https : //t.co/j1DM5Hh7dN | ( VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED / Edited for profanity ) pic.twitter.com/tb65F0A966 — Fox News ( @ FoxNews ) June 14 , 2017
Trump , whose 71st birthday was Wednesday , was informed of the shooting minutes after it occurred . The White House press office quickly put out a brief statement noting that Trump was “ deeply saddened by the tragedy , ” and the president followed up with a tweet : “ Rep . Steve Scalise of Louisiana , a true friend and patriot , was badly injured but will fully recover . Our thoughts and prayers are with him . ”
The gunman , identified as James Hodgkinson , 66 , of Belleville , Mo. , had been living out of his car . He was recently a known-Bernie Sanders supporter ; for a time volunteering on the Sanders campaign . Wednesday afternoon , Sanders said he was sickened by the despicable act .
“ Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society , and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms , ” Sanders said . “ Real change can only come about through nonviolent action , and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values . ”
FOX 2 in St. Louis found in their files an interview from 2011 with Hodgkinson . See it below :
As they learned of the shooting , the White House quickly canceled a presidential event on apprenticeships at the Labor Department and scuttled any plans for a briefing . Instead , aides drafted the short , somber remarks Trump delivered from the Diplomatic Room .
The president praised Scalise as “ a very good friend ” and “ a patriot , ” telling the legislator he had “ not just the prayers of the entire city behind you , but the entire nation and frankly the entire world. ” He praised Capitol Police officers and first responders who mobilized at the softball field where the Republican baseball team was practicing ahead of Thursday night 's charity game against the Democrats .
“ Their sacrifice makes democracy possible , ” he said .
Trump also broke the news that the shooter , 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois , had died . Hodgkinson had a history of lashing out at Republicans and apparently had volunteered for Bernie Sanders ' presidential campaign .
Several prominent Republicans , including the president 's eldest son , were quick to link the gunfire to anti-Trump rhetoric from the left . But in the hours after the shooting , the president , whose pugnacious style has come to define this era of bruising partisanship , avoided any mention of the political debate surrounding the shooting .
Trump showed little of that restraint when reacting to acts of violence during his campaign . He drew sharp criticism a year ago when he tweeted “ Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism ” in the wake of the shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando , Florida , that left 49 people dead . He also was accused of inciting violence when he warned that the “ Second Amendment people ” among his supporters might find a way to stop his opponent , Hillary Clinton , from rolling back gun rights .
Earlier this month he used Twitter to denounce the mayor of London in the wake of a terror attack that left seven dead there .
Trump 's brief speech at the White House was reminiscent of the more than a dozen times that his predecessor had to address the nation after a mass shooting . Some of the most indelible images of Barack Obama 's presidency followed an act of violence , including the tears in his eyes while mourning the 26 people , including children , killed in Newtown , Connecticut , in 2012 and his rendition of “ Amazing Grace ” while delivering a eulogy after nine churchgoers were killed in Charlestown , South Carolina , three years later .
While Obama 's statements of mourning were frequently paired with a plea for stricter gun control laws , Trump did not mention firearms regulations .
In his first season with the Los Angeles Rams back in 2016 , Dominique Easley appeared to prove he was past those durability concerns that plagued his career with the Patriots . Unfortunately , that was n't the case .
He tore his ACL in the first padded practice of training camp last year , causing him to miss the entire season . That injury hurt even more considering it was a contract year , meaning he 'd hit free agency with just 16 games under his belt the past two seasons .
Well , that has n't deterred the Rams , who are reportedly looking to bring him back . According to ProFootballTalk , the two sides are negotiating a contract .
Per source , Rams currently are negotiating with free-agent DT Dominique Easley on a deal that would keep him with the team . — ProFootballTalk ( @ ProFootballTalk ) March 18 , 2018
He was a first-round pick of the Patriots in 2014 but has only played 38 games in four seasons , missing a total of 26 . He had his best season with the Rams in 2016 , recording a career-high 3.5 sacks and 35 tackles – both more than the previous totals in his first two seasons .
Easley would be a good depth piece for the Rams , likely rotating with Aaron Donald and Michael Brockers on the defensive line .
In a strange turn of events , the Los Angeles Rams have decided to keep Tavon Austin in 2018 . It was initially reported that they would release him if they were unable to find a trade partner , which were expected to be difficult to come by with his $ 8 million cap hit .
Instead of flat-out paying him $ 8 million , though , the Rams restructured his contract to be more team-friendly . Considering he was going to get his $ 5 million roster bonus on March 16 regardless , Les Snead and the front office reworked the remaining $ 3 million on his deal .
Rather than simply asking him to take a pay cut , he 'll have the chance to earn that $ 3 million on the field . Jason La Canfora released details of those incentives , showing exactly how Austin can make that extra cash .
Tavon Austin 's new deal a boon for him . Might have made $ 5M total on open mkt . Now gets $ 4m bonus from LA , plus $ 1M base and $ 3M incentives .. — Jason La Canfora ( @ JasonLaCanfora ) March 18 , 2018
Tavon Austin can still make $ 8M this year . Has $ 2M in game-day active incentives and $ 1M in combined rush/receiving yds from 400 to 700 yds — Jason La Canfora ( @ JasonLaCanfora ) March 18 , 2018
Austin has a good chance of reaching both of those marks next season . While it 's unclear how many games or snaps he has to play in order to earn the $ 2 million in gameday incentives , he 's missed just two games in the past four seasons , and only five games in his career .
Additionally , he 's posted at least 466 yards from scrimmage each season except 2017 . In 2015 , he had a career-high 907 total yards with nine touchdowns – numbers the Rams would love to see next season .
SARTELL -- Nystrom & Associates in St . Cloud is changing zip codes . The company is in the early stages of building a new 20,000 square-foot facility next to Resource Training and Solutions in Sartell .
Executive Vice President Peter Nystrom says they specialize in mental health .
`` We provide the community with mental health , and chemical health services , psychiatry services for medication management , psychological testing as well as in-home therapy for children and adults . ''
The new Sartell location will be one of 12 facilities across the state . Nystrom & Associates opened in the Midsota Center off of Highway 15 back in 2015 .
He says they 've been looking for a new space for about a year to help meet the needs of their growing business .
`` We 're coming to the end of our lease in about a year from now and we need about nine months to build . We 're excited to move to Sartell . It 's a great city , very business friendly and it 's only three minutes from our existing location . ''
They plan to use roughly 15,000 square-feet right away , with the additional 5,000 square-feet available for future expansion .
The move will also create about 40 new jobs .
BASTIA , France : Bastia 's home game with Lyon in French Ligue 1 was abandoned at half time after supporters of the Corsican side twice invaded the pitch and attacked the visiting players on Sunday ( Monday in Manila ) .
A hardcore section of home fans at Bastia 's Armand Cesari stadium targeted Lyon 's players as they warmed up before the game , causing it to be delayed by more than 50 minutes , and then again as the two sides went in for the break with the score at 0-0 .
“ We must stop , we must stop , they hit the players , ” Lyon coach Bruno Genesio told club president Jean-Michel Aulas in the corridors of the stadium .
“ We 're not going to war . ”
Bottom-of-the-table Bastia is likely to have points deducted for the latest trouble involving their supporters .
Bastia were punished in February over racist abuse directed at Nice striker Mario Balotelli while the Nice team bus had its windows smashed .
“ Following the new incident at the end of the first period , the LFP decided to definitively stop the game between Bastia and Lyon , ” the French professional football league ( LFP ) said in a statement .
In the first incident Lyon players fled to the dressing rooms and the 1500 GMT kick-off was consequently delayed as captains and officials from the two teams and league officials held talks over whether the game should go ahead .
Lyon 's players had been finishing their pre-game warm-up when about 50 Bastia fans — many of them dressed in black — attacked them , an Agence France-Presse reporter at the scene said .
The trouble — the second time in four days that Lyon have been caught up in football violence — saw former Manchester United winger Memphis Depay reportedly among the Lyon players confronted by Bastia fans in ugly scenes .
Stewards and security staff rushed to intervene and for a few minutes there was chaos and scuffles until the playing surface was cleared and the Lyon players took refuge behind a metal gate in the tunnel .
Baying mob at gates
Lyon initially refused to leave the changing rooms again , but eventually did so to warm up for a second time and the game kicked off soon after with stewards lined up on the edge of the pitch .
However they were powerless to prevent more disturbances at the half-time whistle , triggered by a confrontation between a Bastia official and Lyon goalkeeper Anthony Lopes , who had to be restrained by security men and appeared to be the chief target of the Bastia mob .
Lyon 's players huddled in the dressing room and later left the stadium in their team bus after riot police dispersed about 100 waiting Bastia fans massed at the gates by firing tear gas .
Lyon star striker Alexandre Lacazette , who was not playing , tweeted : “ Pfffff shameful ! ”
The French league 's disciplinary commission is certain to hit Bastia hard after it docked them one point — suspended — and ordered the club to close its East Stand for three games over the monkey chants by some of its fans at Balotelli .
Nathalie Boy de la Tour , president of the LFP , told Agence France-Presse : “ We regret that Bastia is giving a horrible image of our football , it hurts the image of professional football , which does not deserve this . ”
On Thursday fans streamed onto the pitch in Lyon 's Europa League home clash with Besiktas and the start of the quarter-final first leg was delayed by 45 minutes as officials attempted to clear their Parc OL playing area of fans .
Home supporters poured onto the pitch as they attempted to protect themselves from firecrackers and other objects raining down from the stands above .
On the pitch elsewhere in France , Marseille stayed on course for a Europa League spot with a 4-0 win over St Etienne who have not won at the Stade Velodrome since 1979 .
Florian Thauvin scored twice , Bafetimbi Gomis took his league tally to 17 goals while Dimitri Payet added the fourth in time added on .
AFP
Want to feel like a kid again ? Now , if you 're of a certain age , inclination and fortune , you can . Last week , Nintendo launched its SNES Classic Mini , a modernised and miniaturised version of a console that it first released over 25 years ago . It comes loaded with 20 games from back then , including Super Mario World and The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , and it has gamers palpitating . The SNES Classic Mini sold out a few frantic minutes after it was first made available to order . Anyone who missed out will have to face the merciless price inflation of eBay .
This sort of harkening-back is nothing new – last year , for example , Nintendo released a Classic Mini version of an even earlier console – but it is becoming far more prevalent . Some of the oldest names in video gaming , including Atari and Spectrum , have announced their own retro machines . Sega recently published an app that brings its classic games to smartphones . The landscape is strewn with re-releases , vinyl soundtracks , memorabilia , podcasts and websites . It 's starting to look as though gaming 's past could occupy its future .
First , though , the present . Why is this happening now ? Part of the answer is , of course , nostalgia – not just among gamers who now have the money to fulfil their childhood dreams , but also among game designers who now have the coding skills .
Sonic Mania , which came out in August , is a case in point . Its main developer , Christian Whitehead , is so infatuated with the titular blue hedgehog that he once received a cease and desist order from Sega for transferring an early 1990s game to his iPhone . These days , Sega is instead asking him to continue and persist . Sonic Mania looks like old , two-dimensional Sonic . It plays like old , hyperkinetic Sonic . It 's so close to the original games that it even contains altered versions of their levels . Fans , such as Whitehead , have been brought into the fold , and allowed to frolic .
It 's telling that Whitehead came to the attention of Sega with an iPhone , as technology is another reason for the rise of retro . Years ago , fast technological improvements meant that developers could make games that were ever more detailed and cinematic . Photorealism was the most propulsive ideal in gaming . Then something changed .
The technology kept on advancing , but the distances between different console generations – between , say , the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation 4 – appeared to shorten . At the same time , millions of people gained new gaming devices in their back pockets – smartphones – that were powerful for their size , but not so powerful when compared to other , housebound systems . This created an environment in which photorealism was less important , and where old games could have a second chance .
And they sure are getting it . In July , Square Enix published an excellent , updated version of its ten-year-old game Final Fantasy XII for the PlayStation 4 . Much the same has been done , in recent months , for old titles such as Street Fighter II , Crash Bandicoot and Mega Man . These releases have been remastered so that they work with current , high-definition devices . Some have received gameplay refinements so that they are more in line with modern expectations . Yet , fundamentally , they still offer the same experience as they did originally .
The cynical view is that , with This remasters , games companies are simply after new money for old product . But is the same said of those who publish old books , plays , films or music ? By no longer allowing its history to fade as new consoles are released , gaming is maturing as an art form . The ability to play old games means the ability to appreciate them . Without that , it 's possible that their pixelated graphics and their bleepy-bloopy soundtracks would be dismissed by today 's gamers as an evolutionary step , rather than celebrated as a glorious aesthetic in their own right .
Gaming 's growing confidence in it past could lead to some problems , however . While the quest for photorealism has become less urgent in recent years , it never really stopped , and now it 's making amazing strides into virtual reality . This means that developers may one day have to ask : does the future belong to games that look like games , or to games that look like the world ? Is co-existence an option ?
But those clouds are gathering far beyond the horizon . In the meantime , Sonic keeps on running , Mario keeps on jumping , Link keeps on swinging the Master Sword – and , most importantly , gamers keep on playing happily . Let gladness reign for now .
“ Our way to office was never as relaxing as today ! ” Yes , this is what Mumbaikars felt on Monday as the roads of India 's financial capital experienced gridlock-free peak hours . Congested roads have been a constant headache for Mumbai and the indefinite strikeby Uber and Ola drivers , which started from March 19 , has actually given the city a solution to the daily monstrous traffic jams .
The strikebegan at midnight on Sunday , centred on Mumbai and was spearheaded by Raj Thackeray 's Maharashtra NavnirmanSena 's transport union Vahtuk Sena . Drivers of both Ola and Uber app-based taxi services have alleged “ mismanagement ” by the company authorities and threatened an indefinite strike targeting the operations in major metro cities including Mumbai , New Delhi , Hyderabad and Pune among others.But it seems like their agenda has faded into insignificance as private cab-free smooth roads actually gave some free air to the passengers and daily commuters were surprisingly happy .
Sanjay Naik , President of Maharashtra NavnirmanVahatukSena ( MNVS ) protested that both Ola and Uber are running illegally , without any permission or proper licenses . He further stated , “ The public transport service like taxis and autos have very strict rules like uniform and code of conduct . We also want the same rules to be applied in the app-based cab services . In 2017 , Maharashtra government introduced Transport Act totreat Ola and Uber drivers on par with taxi drivers but the owner companies went to the court. ” “ Since so many years , they are looting people . If government do n't support taxi and auto drivers , we will start our protest on roads and will commit suicide . Our next action will be decided soon , ” he added .
While thedrivers claimed to be cheated by the company owners , they have demanded guaranteed business of Rs 1.25 lakh every month , reinstatement of blacklisted drivers who according to them have been boycotted after they voiced against the company policies and removal of company-owned cars.Ola and Uber see this agitation as a politically motivated stunt by drivers who are the victim of political influences . Close to 60,000 cabs were reportedly off the roads in the city on Monday and both the firms have blamed the violent troublemakers as the reason of non-availability of cars .
Girish Patki , a Mulund resident , expressed that the most important thing is to solve the drivers ' problems first . “ Ultimately , they need to feed their families and repay their car loans ! Companies can provide them with better compensation . We should not politicise this issue and rather give justice to the protestors . ”
Nevertheless , these cab services are neither customer-friendly nor safe and sound most of the time as its navigation can only track the route but can not prevent any mishap . Physical assault of alone passengersby these drivers are frequently in news . Misbehaving , ride cancellations without information , three to four times price surge on peak hours or during rainy days are few of the many inconveniences faced by the users of these app-based taxi services .
These drivers are also accused of hacking the policies of their respective firms to earn more money — surge pricing fraud , outstation fraud are amongst such trickeries . In surge pricing fraud , during peak hours drivers intentionally go offline making the supply low , thus increasing the fare and get online soon after the charges plunge . In outstation rides , drives are blamed for requesting passengers to cancel the ride and in return to take the customer on its own at a reduced fare than earlier .
On the condition on anonymity , a resident of Borivali said , “ Those who travel daily by Ola may suffer due to strike but there are many options available in the city like local trains , taxis , autorickshaws and buses . So , the strike should n't be an issue for the commuters . ”
Earning of autorickshaw drivers or on-demand drivers have got majorly affected as people are more attracted to take cab services than burning more money to maintain their own private vehicles . Mumbai definitely comes to a standstill on days when autorickshaw drivers go on strikes , but the agendas of Ola and Uber drivers have been knocked down by Mumbaikars as the island city welcomed the unclogged roads .
When AV spoke to Viraj Chouhan , the Chief Communications Officer of Ola , he stated , “ This protest is a mere politically-influenced one . We have more than 10 lakh drivers but it seems that only 30-40 drivers are opposing the company policies . ”
When asked about what will be his firm 's take on drivers ' demands , he replied , “ We blacklisted some drivers who misbehaved with female passengersafter getting complaints time and again . We are inflexible in maintaining our company policies . We value our customers and have immense respect for women . Those who agitated , police took them in custody under section 149 . The strike failed to make impact beyond Mumbai . All cabs are working in major cities pan India . ”
By Sebastine Obasi
Provision of electricity meters will no longer be the exclusive preserve of distribution companies , DISCOs , as the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission , NERC , has introduced another class of operators known as Meter Asset Providers , MAPs .
Giving the hint , the Commissioner , Legal , Licensing and Compliance , NERC , Mr. Dafe Akpeneye , said MAPs would help to stem the tide of meter scarcity experienced presently by electricity consumers in the country . According to him , NERC views the scarcity of meters as a very serious concern and met with consumers , DISCOs , financiers and other stakeholders across the industry in order to solve the problem .
“ We all arrived at the same answer that we have to do something different . We can no longer leave this very important obligation to the distribution companies alone ; other players have to come into this space . So , we went about creating the NERC Meter Asset Provider Regulation 2018 . What does this seek to do differently ?
“ In the past , we left it as a sole responsibility of the DISCos in their performance agreement that they are to meter customers . It 's been over four years since privatisation and customers are still complaining . So , to solve this problem , we are creating a new class in the industry called Meter Asset Providers , ” he said .
Explaining the modalities of implementing the new policy , Akpeneye said : “ MAPs will be independent people who will be approved by NERC but contracted by the DISCOs to bridge the metering gap . In doing this , there will be various options available to customers .
“ Electricity consumers will now have the option of self-financing . Those who do n't want this will be able to obtain meters from MAPs and there will be a metering service charge spread over a period of 10 years. ” He also said that the regulation would attract more than N200 million worth of investments into the electricity sub-sector through meter production , and assured that local content requirement was captured in the law .
“ MAPs do not only have the responsibility to provide meters , but they also have the responsibility to ensure that those meters are maintained and replaced within 48 hours if anything goes wrong with a meter . This regulation will not only address the issue of metering , but we estimate that it will attract an investment of over N200 million in the next three years in the industry and will create jobs . ”
“ We have introduced local content requirement into the regulation and with its commencement , it is estimated that at least 30 percent of all meters deployed must be procured from local manufacturers and assemblers . As the regulation progresses , the need to use local providers will be increased in line with the NERC local content regulation . ”
“ The next thing to do is to implement the regulation and that will require the cooperation of all stakeholders in the value chain . The government decided to pursue an out-of-court settlement on a meter contract that was awarded since 2003 , which was held up in court until 2017 , ” he added .
Five employees from the Burke County Solid Waste ... and Waste Management have been arrested .
The arrest comes after $ 35-thousand worth of metal and copper wired which were recyclables of Plant Vogle were stolen.Officials have arrested , 59-year-old Robert Kirkland . He was an employee at Waste Management.They have also arrested , 60-year-old Marvin Jones , 46-year-old Richard Stidons . Ralph Hankerson who is 61-year-old and Anthony McNeil who 's 43 were also arrested . They worked at the Burke County Solid Waste . We 're told they 're charged with felony theft by taking and have been booked into the Burke County Detention Center .
As the investigation continues , the Burke County Sheriff 's Office in conjunction with the Richmond County Sheriff 's Office will work closely with the District Attorney 's Office regarding prosecution .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved .
Subscribe to the O'Reilly Security Podcast to examine the challenges and opportunities for security practitioners , with a focus on the people on the frontlines of security , working to build better defenses . Find us on Stitcher , iTunes , SoundCloud , RSS .
In this episode , I talk with Doug Barth , site reliability engineer at Stripe , and Evan Gilman , Doug 's former colleague from PagerDuty who is now working independently on Zero Trust networking . They are also co-authoring a book for O'Reilly on Zero Trust networks . They discuss the problems with traditional perimeter security models , rethinking trust in a networked world , and automation as an enabler .
Here are some highlights :
The problem with perimeters
Evan : The biggest issue with a perimeter model is that it tends to encourage system administrators to define as few perimeters as possible . You have your firewall , so anything out on the internet is bad , anyone on the inside is trusted , and maybe down the line you 'll further segment this and add more firewalls . Maybe if you 're really rigorous , you might do per-host firewalls , but in reality , most people say , ‘ It 's on my trusted network , so it 's a trusted interaction . Why should I go through that effort ? What 's the value ? ' The issue with that thought process is that we keep seeing bad people get behind the perimeter , time and time again . Once they get behind it , they can just do whatever they want . Doug : The alternative is proactively figuring out how to manage the trust in your network . Whom do you trust ? Why do you trust them ? Do you have enough trust for them ? When I want to build a secure network , my goal is not to remove people 's access ; it 's to help distribute the problem and get enough eyes on whom I trust and whether I should continue to trust them . It 's a trust-but-verify approach .
Moving to Zero Trust
Evan : Shifting from a perimeter security model to Zero Trust is scary . But the good news is , we know how to do this already . We have internet-facing services , and we know how to serve up resources across the internet and secure them so they network between you and the resources . It 's transparent from a security perspective . VPNs famously do this . Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) websites and other similar approaches are what we consider `` internet security , '' and we already know how to do this . In a Zero Trust approach , we just apply it across the board , and use automation as a key enabler . Large migrations to a low trust network , like Google 's recent effort , involve a lot of auditing prep and very careful implementation . For instance , you need to craft policies on a case-by-case basis and turn them in logging mode only , so you 're aware of whom will be blocked before you actually block them .
Automation as an enabler
Doug : Each engineering team in a company should be able to define the security policy that their individual service needs to function . We distribute that problem across many teams , but then we push all those policies into a secure infrastructure that actually implements that policy . This is n't just a crazy idea we had . This is how I understand Google 's BeyondCorp initiative works . Google wanted to get rid of their VPNs but still have a lot of secure policies . They call what they built a ‘ shared access gateway . ' They give each engineering team a digital subscriber line ( DSL ) for defining each of their security policies , but the shared access gateway is what actually implements the policy . They layer on top of that the broad-reaching policy for the entire organization . This type of automation—the ability to programmatically define your policy and your enforcement—allows you to give people a lot more access . Once you start capturing all this policy and how it changes over time in code , you can do much more advanced security policy or security enforcement in your network . Evan : Having that policy definition in code is something you can use to programmatically generate enforcement rules . Those enforcement rules can vary based on the underlying platform or a condition , but the key is that they 're generated by a computer . This allows you to rapidly change the enforcement rules , and paves the way to highly dynamic policy , as opposed to the more static policy we see in perimeter networks .
Start small
Evan : The first place to start is collecting policy and understanding what should be there . Once you know what should be there , you can understand what is there unexpectedly or what is there but should not be . You can build up this list and slowly move things from blacklist to whitelist mode saying , ‘ We 'll only allow these things known on this list . ' Once you can get to this whitelist mode , it becomes largely self-maintaining . At PagerDuty , we started small . First , we put regular IP policy in place , but that IP policy was going to be automated and backed by code . Once we got that in and vetted , we turned the knob up on granularity . We spread that granularity to more places and eventually turned up the encryption . It 's totally acceptable to adopt one or two of the principles we 're setting forth here and then add the rest when the time is appropriate . Additionally , it does n't have to be for 100 % of your infrastructure . You can start with the parts of your infrastructure that could benefit the most from it . Doug : If you tilt your head the right way , you could argue that Amazon 's security groups are like a shade of Zero Trust network , in that AWS users could arrange their network into nicely crafted subnets or just start tagging hosts with certain security groups and using those to define policy . If you 're on AWS , do a security group per role , then use that everywhere to define access . That will get you part of the way there , and you leave yourself open to extending out to different providers later .
When the inevitable happens
Portadown FC has indicated that a number of people involved in a violent incident at a match with Newry City FC have been hit with lifetime bans .
The incident happened at the Newry Showgrounds on Friday evening and involved supporters from both clubs .
atment for injuries and a number of vehicles were damaged following the confrontation at the end of a Bluefin Sport Championship fixture .
In a statement yesterday , the club 's board of directors said : “ The Board of Directors of Portadown Football Club wish to issue the following statement concerning the outbreak of violence after the recent Newry City FC V Portadown FC match at the Newry Showgrounds last Friday evening , involving both sets of supporters .
“ Whilst we feel that the safety management arrangements were less than satisfactory during and after the game , and have concerns with the manner in how the incident was handled , this in no way excuses the type of behaviour witnessed between both sets of supporters .
“ We have already identified a number of people who were involved in the incidents , and they will be issued with lifetime bans from Shamrock Park .
“ We are currently working with the relevant authorities to further identify the small number of people involved , and when this process is completed , further bans will be imposed .
“ This type of behaviour has no place in sport , and Portadown FC has , and will continue to , work very hard with Supporters groups and the authorities to help eradicate unacceptable behaviour by anyone associated with Portadown FC .
“ We issue our heartfelt sympathy to anyone affected in the aftermath of the game . ”
By Johnny Edward ( photo by Ganiyu Yusuf ) in Uyo :
Zambia coach Wedson Nyirenda believes Saturday 's 2018 World Cup qualifier against the Super Eagles of Nigeria will be a game of wits , Completesportsnigeria.com reports .
Nyirenda , who warned the Super Eagles that they will face a different side from the team that lost 2-1 on matchday 1 in the FIFA World Cup qualifying series , claims that he has a team full of small names who can play football .
“ They ( Super Eagles ) need to win to get to Russia so do we as well and the best team will carry the day , ” Nyirenda said prior to his team 's closed training session at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium here in Uyo on Friday evening .
“ Every match is a new game . We lost to Nigeria last year and I think it was with a different team totally from this one and this time we have a different from the one that lost to Nigeria .
“ We have a strong team so Saturday 's game will be a game of wits and the best team will carry the day . ”
On the quality the Super Eagles possess in their squad , Nyirenda replied : “ You do n't win games before you get on the pitch . Nigeria has big names and we do n't have big names in our squad but I 'd tell you this we have 11 players and small players who can play football . ”
He added that Patson Daka is fit to start Saturday 's game .
Daka who scored the winner for Zambia in their 1-0 win over Algeria in Constantine on matchday 4 was a major doubt for the game but has been declared fit to feature .
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again ! ! Guaranteed ! ! ! All NATURAL ! No Side-Effects ! Click Here ! now .
Uncover how I make $ 750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools .
This is breaking news . Sasikala has been granted parole .
Sasikala Natarajan has been granted parole by the Bengaluru Central Prison .
Sasikala had sought for parole in order to attend her husband 's funeral . The last rites will take place at Thanjavoor .
She has been granted parole for 15 days . But she was denied permission to travel to Chennai .
You may think you 've got a handle on Millennial shoppers — but are you ready for Generation Z ?
While the two groups do have many similarities , Gen Z takes Millennials ' shopping tendencies to the next level . Defined as consumers age 20 and under , Gen Z is leaving older shoppers ( and many retailers ) “ in their digital dust , ” warns a new report from Accenture .
Marketing to Gen Z on Social Media
The good news : Like Millennials , Gen Z shoppers love brick-and-mortar stores . But their real-world shopping choices are greatly influenced by the digital world — specifically , social media . Here are 10 social media moves you should make to get Gen Z into your store .
1 . Think beyond Facebook . YouTube is number one with this crowd ; almost twice as many Gen Z shoppers as Millennials visit it before making a purchase . You also need a presence on Instagram , Snapchat and Twitter .
2 . Make it easy for them to get social in your store . Four in 10 Gen Z shoppers get opinions from friends and family before they make a purchase . Offer free Wi-Fi in your store so they can quickly consult with their social circles on their smartphones .
3 . Practice “ social listening. ” More than other generations , Gen Z is open about what they think . Forty percent say they give feedback , such as writing reviews , “ very often. ” Whether they 're reviewing you on ratings and review sites or posting on your social accounts , be sure to stay on top of online feedback from these customers . And make sure you act on it — there 's nothing this age group hates more than feeling like businesses do n't listen .
4 . Ask for their opinions . Do n't wait for Gen Z shoppers to share their opinions—ask them ! This group is very responsive when you survey them . Try asking quick questions on Snapchat or Twitter .
5 . Put them in the spotlight . Even if they do n't know each other , Gen Z shoppers trust each other 's opinions . When you get positive feedback from one of them , share it on social media .
6 . Create a sense of community . Ask young shoppers to share photos or videos of their purchases and themselves on your social media accounts . Engage them in contests or polls . And be sure you respond to them on social media ! You 'll build trust in your business and engagement among Gen Z shoppers .
7 . Picture this . For Gen Z shoppers , images are more important than text in influencing their decisions . Avoid text-only posts and assess whether you need to up your game when it comes to the photos you share on social media .
8 . Make a movie . Gen Z loves online video ( witness their YouTube addiction ) . When it comes to making online videos , do n't be intimidated—they do n't have to be Oscar-winning productions . Sharing quick , live videos on Snapchat or Instagram is just as effective with this age group .
9 . Keep it fresh . Gen Z shoppers have a short attention span , so make sure your social media presence is not only consistent , but active . A steady stream of new posts , photos , videos and comments will keep them interested—and coming into your store .
10 . Connect with influencers . Popular YouTube stars , Instagram personalities and other social media names can sway Gen Z 's purchasing behavior . However , you do n't have to shell out thousands of dollars for an influencer at this level to promote your store . Instead , try reaching out to those of your Gen Z customers who have big followings on social media to help market your business . Perhaps they 'll be willing to review a product to sell or participate in an event at your store. < >
The Thai official overseeing the rescue operation of a soccer team trapped in a flooded cave says the boys and their coach may not all be extracted at the same time depending on their health .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that `` all 13 may not come out at the same time . If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 percent , he can come out . ''
He said authorities will evaluate their readiness each day and if there is any risk will not proceed .
He said the team is currently recuperating .
In the latest videos released by the Thai navy , the boys and coach say they 're fine .
While on one side , the Prabhas starrer is in tremendous buzz , the same movie is also grabbing the headlines owing to its female lead cast . From Katrina Kaif to Anushka Shetty and Shraddha Kapoor , many names were in the pipeline .
According to the latest reports , Prabhas ' fans are not much happier about his pairing with Shraddha Kapoor . Interestingly , we also hear that Prabhas was keen to rope in a Bollywood actress owing to a surprising reason !
Prabhas Affair With B-town We all know that Prabhas has put his Bollywood debut plan on hold for now . But we got ta tell you that his love affair with B-town has already started . Here 's how ..
Was It All Planned ? If you have noticed , for Saaho , Prabhas has already roped in a Bollywood villain - Neil Nitin Mukesh . Next , he got the popular Bollywood music directors Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy on board to compose music for the film .
Here 's Why He Wanted Shraddha While there is no confirmation about the leading actress as yet , rumours are rife that Saaho will see him romancing Shraddha Kapoor .
Is It Prabhas ' Calculated Move ? Talking about Prabhas ' new interest to rope in Bollywood celebs in his film , an industry source told an entertainment portal , `` This may be a calculated move . ''
Prabhas Wants A Pan-Indian Appeal `` Getting popular names and faces from Bollywood to work in his projects will give the films a pan India appeal , '' said the source .
Prabhas ' Plan Before A Proper Debut In Bollywood The source further added , `` This will help him understand and gauge the potential for his films in the Hindi film market before making a full-fledged entry in Bollywood . ''
We Got ta Wait & Watch Now , coming back to Prabhas & Shraddha , only time will tell whether Prabhas and Shraddha 's on-screen chemistry will do wonders or not .
What 's your opinion on this pair , folks ? Please mention your valuable thought in our comment section .
\LIPA CITY , BATANGAS : The Social Security System ( SSS ) will take legal action against five employers ​here who​ failed to pay their obligations despite the issuance of show cause orders last month​ .
During the Run After Contribution Evaders ( RACE ) campaign , the SSS served show cause orders to TV Llanes Lotto Outlet , Buenviaje Ana Virginia Marie Rodriguez , Four Coolitz Enterprises , Chriki Colleczione Corp. and Elisse Fashion Corp.​ , all located inside a shopping mall here . ​
“ Formal demand letters were already delivered to the employers that ignored the show cause order . However , our members need not worry because SSS will constantly monitor these employers until they comply with their obligations , ” said Emmanuel Dooc , SSS president and chief executive officer .
Under the Social Security Act of 1997 , employers proven guilty of violating the law will be penalized to a maximum jail term of 12 years and will be required by the court to settle their total delinquencies and accumulated penalties .
​A month after the ​campaign , the SSS collected more than P200,000 from six delinquent employers that have been issued a show cause orders .
Dooc said the SSS is happy with the results of the RACE campaign in Lipa and hopes that employer compliance will be better in the coming months .
Meanwhile , six out of 11 employers have already responded to the show cause orders the RACE Team posted on their premises during a mapping operation last March 9 .
Johan Marlo Food Enterprise and Redberry Trading have settled their total delinquency of over P158,000 while
Diandra Denise Boutique opted for installment scheme and made a partial payment of P19,707 .
Charles and Patty Food Products , Maritonee 's Snack House , and Swiss Sushi Food Corner have registered with the SSS and settled their principal delinquency and accumulated penalty amounting to almost P26,500 .
“ We encourage our employers to continue their good practices by faithfully complying with their statutory obligations in order for us to provide the social security benefits that our workers deserve , ” said Dooc .
It seems as though the Duchess of Cornwall is n't winning favour with the Loose Women audience .
Prince Charles might want to cover his ears as the public 's feelings about the future of the monarchy was made very apparent this morning .
The Loose Women audience shocked viewers at home after being asked to give their opinion on the Duchess of Cornwall , but their response was n't so pretty .
Turns out that 99 % of the audience who had been watching the show at ITV studios did NOT think Camilla should become Queen .
Presenter Christine Lampard turned the conversation towards Charles and Camilla and wanted to know whether the audience thought Charles ' wife would suit the role of ‘ queen ' .
Producers of the show conducted an online survey of around 23,000 people online .
Surprisingly , 86 percent of the general public revealed that they do not want Camilla to be in the position of Queen – or consort , the proper title given to the spouse of a king or queen .
Yikes !
Things got even more awkward when Christine asked for a show of hands in the audience , to which the result was overwhelmingly aligned with the results online .
Out of the entire studio congregation , only two people said they would like to see Camilla as queen .
Well , only time will tell !
Video
Richard Boyd Barrett tells the Dáil that he was adopted through Saint Patrick 's Guild and does not know if he is one of the illegal adoptions carried out by the guild .
Read more here .
Jessica Leeds said that before he was president , Donald Trump assaulted her on a plane , and then called her the c-word the next time he saw her .
Jessica Leeds claims that on an airplane , President Donald Trump was `` all over me , kissing and groping and groping and kissing . '' https : //t.co/w453z3OII6 pic.twitter.com/gl9a4RXJfj — E ! News ( @ enews ) December 11 , 2017
During a segment on `` Megyn Kelly Today , '' Jessica Leeds , one of the 19 women who have accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment , said that he once called her the c-word to her face .
Read More In 1992 , Donald Trump Casually Talked About Dating A Child
Leeds claimed that in the late 70s , she was on the same flight as Trump when he lifted the armrest of the seat and started harassing her , allegedly touching her breasts and putting his hands up her skirt . Following the alleged assault , Leeds crossed paths with Trump and his first wife , Ivana — who was pregnant at the time — at a Humane Society fundraiser , where he reportedly called her the c-word .
WATCH : “ When his hands went up my skirt , I managed to wiggle out ” – Trump accuser Jessica Leeds on # MegynTODAY pic.twitter.com/mx3TEP6wix — Megyn Kelly TODAY ( @ MegynTODAY ) December 11 , 2017
“ He stands there as I 'm handing him his table assignment and he says , ‘ I remember you . You were that… woman from the airplane . ' He called me the worst name ever… It 's the worst one… The room cleared . It was like everybody disappeared… It was shocking . ”
While Leeds refused to tell Kelly what word he used , the host asked her to confirm if he had used the c-word .
“ You do n't want to say it out loud , but does it begin with a ‘ c , ' ” Kelly asked , to which Leeds said that it did . Then , Kelly added , “ Does it end with ‘ t ? ' ”
As some people in the audience laughed nervously and others sounded shocked , Leeds confirmed it .
Kelly went on to say the White House had responded to her request for comment , saying that the Trump administration had denied the accusations made by Leeds and others who were present at her show .
While Trump and his minions continue to claim the accusations against him are false , the fact several women have accused him of harassment over the decades should be enough to prove he has zero credibility and should not be taken seriously .
As countless Hollywood producers , celebrities , and politicians are finally paying for their years of violence , abuse , and assault , we 're left to wonder if the president will ever be held accountable for his transgressions .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) — Mexico 's national security commissioner says respected journalist Javier Valdez was killed last year because of his work .
National Security Commissioner Renato Sales also said Tuesday at a brief news conference that the arrest of a suspect in Valdez 's killing was achieved without force . The government announced late Monday that a Sinaloa cartel member known by the nickname `` Koala '' was arrested in Tijuana .
Weeks before his murder , Valdez interviewed Damaso Lopez , who had been Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman 's right-hand man leading the Sinaloa cartel . At the time , Lopez was battling Guzman 's sons for control of the cartel .
Valdez 's colleagues and journalism advocates called on the government Tuesday to continue pursuing the mastermind of the May 15 , 2017 , slaying in the western city of Culiacan .
Adele celebrates award at Grammys 2017
Los Angeles : Adele walked away the belle of the ball - taking home five awards from Sunday night 's Grammys , including album , record and song of the year .
She beat Beyonce in the top three categories with her comeback album `` 25 , '' and repeated her accomplishments from 2012 , when the British star also won album , song and record of the year at the Grammys .
And Bruno Mars , clad in purple , electrified the crowd at the Staples Center in Los Angeles with his tribute to late singer Prince .
The global telecast was , however , marred by technical issues with a tearful Adele asking to start a song over and a microphone off as Metallica performed with pop singer-turned-metalhead Lady Gaga .
Appearing in public for the first time since announcing she was pregnant with twins , Beyonce showed her new , edgier side as she put on a celebration of motherhood .
She showed her exposed belly underneath a bra on a projection on stage - before the real-life 35-year-old singer took the stage with a golden crown and cape .
In a New Age production with hints of India and ancient Egypt , Beyonce sang two new songs as dozens of female dancers surrounded her with flowers and a spoken word incantation spoke of the power of women .
Beyonce 's “ Lemonade ” marked a foray into hip-hop , rock and even country as the singer spoke frankly of the struggles of black women .
The album and intertwined film meant “ to create a body of work that will give a voice to our pain , our struggles our darkness and our history - to confront issues that make us uncomfortable , ” Beyonce said as she accepted one of her trophies .
“ It 's important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty so they can grow up in a world where they look in the mirror - first through their own families , as well as the news , the Super Bowl , the Olympics , the White House and the Grammys - and see themselves , ” Beyonce said , in one of the night 's subtle political comments .
The album 's single “ Formation ” won for Best Music Video , in which Beyonce rallied behind the Black Lives Matter movement with an indictment of police brutality .
Posthumous honors for Bowie
“ Blackstar , ” the final album of Bowie , who always enjoyed more recognition in his native Britain , won in all five categories for which it was nominated , including Best Rock Song .
Bowie had won only one Grammy in his lifetime before Sunday .
And “ Blackstar , ” which he released two days before his death last year from an undisclosed battle with cancer , was controversially passed over for Album of the Year honors .
But he won Best Alternative Music Album for “ Blackstar , ” in which Bowie showed himself innovative to the end by collaborating with the avant-garde jazz saxophonist Donny McCaslin .
While not predicting how Bowie would have felt , McCaslin told reporters : “ When the press was hearing the album before it came out , I could see it meant a lot to him . ”
Hello again
Adele was in the running in five categories for “ 25 , ” in which she returned to her massively successful formula of emotional ballads .
She opened the telecast with her ubiquitous “ Hello. ” But when she returned for a tribute to pop icon George Michael , she abruptly stopped the performance and swore , asking to start over .
It marked the second straight year she was embarrassed by technical problems , although she enjoyed support from the crowd which gave her a standing ovation as she started to cry .
Chance the Rapper , 23 , picked up three prizes including the closely watched Best New Artist for his gospel-infused hip-hop . The Chicago artist benefited from updated rules that consider streaming exclusives .
Chance , the Chicago-born son of an aide to former president Barack Obama , has been open about his Christianity and told the gala : “ I claim the victory in the name of the Lord . ”
A political edge
With much of the entertainment industry horrified by US President Donald Trump , the Grammys quickly took on a political edge .
“ At this particular moment in history , our voices are needed more than ever , ” Jennifer Lopez said as she presented the night 's first award .
Host James Corden showed off a mock list of tweets critical of him - including one of praise from Trump - and joked about “ fake news . ”
Paris Jackson , the 18-year-old daughter of late King of Pop Michael Jackson , voiced hope when she saw the enthusiastic crowd in the Staples Center .
“ We can really use this kind of excitement at a pipeline protest , guys , ” she said to cheers .
She introduced a performance by an artist often likened to her father - The Weeknd , the Toronto R & B singer with a high mellifluous voice .
The Weeknd sang a medley of his hits “ Starboy ” and “ I Feel It Coming ” with the reclusive French duo Daft Punk , who performed for the first time in three years .
The duo , usually clad as robots , appeared in Darth Vader-like capes as they delivered an added house music edge and light show .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The West Midlands is suffering from a “ silent epidemic ” of gun crime with the highest rate of firearms offences in the country , it has been claimed .
MPs told the House of Commons there is growing concern about the use of guns and knives in the region .
West Midlands Police says it received 672 reports of gun crimes in 2017 .
Julian Knight , MP for Solihull ( Con ) , said : “ I wanted to speak in the debate because of the almost silent gun and knife epidemic in the West Midlands . It may surprise Members to know that the level of gun crime is higher there than it is in London : over 25 gun crimes per 100,000 people .
“ In fact , the region is the only part of the country in which that level is reached . We also unfortunately have the third highest rate of knife crime of all areas of the country . ”
Halesowen MP James Morris ( Con ) said the growth in violence was linked to the drugs trade .
He said : “ What we are seeing in some of our communities is not confined just to London . My constituency is just on the fringe of Birmingham , and we have seen examples of the increasing use of offensive weapons in Birmingham and other areas throughout the country . ''
He added : “ What is leading to that , and to this outbreak of serious violent crime , in certain parts of our communities ? The Government 's serious violence strategy is quite clear that one of the drivers is drugs .
“ It says , in particular , that increases in the dealing of crack cocaine and its supply chains are leading to gang violence . We need to be serious about addressing some of the issues of organised drug crime . ”
Walsall North MP Eddie Hughes ( Con ) called for more support for young people from unstable families .
He said : “ Before I came to the House , I worked for the YMCA in Birmingham , a charity that supports young , previously homeless people . It has 300 accommodation units , but it does not just provide accommodation ; it helps vulnerable people who need a wide range of support .
“ These are people who are not used to accessing medical and health services in the way the rest of us would ; they need to be got up in the morning and shown the way to the dentist and to the doctor so that they can attend appointments .
“ It is clear that fragile people who are offered support can be saved from a life of crime and gang culture .
`` Often , those who engage in gang culture are reaching out for some validation - for somebody to say , ‘ You 're welcome in our group , we will protect and support you , and you will be one of us . ' That is surely the embodiment of what we consider family to be . ”
Deadly firearms including a 12 gauge , pump-action shotgun and an array of pistols is handed in during a 'surrender ' organised by West Midlands Police in May .
The guns were among 100 weapons handed over during the latest window where people can take the items into police stations without risk of prosecution .
TWO Tweed residents are on the adventure of a lifetime .
Experienced sailors Pat Miller and Bill Fenelon flew to Auckland over the weekend as part of a consortium to take over ownership of the former navy dive tender vessel HMNZS Manawanui .
The vessel , which had been decommissioned by the Royal New Zealand Navy , was handed over to the Major Projects Foundation , of which the Tweed sailors are members , on Monday , with the crew due to begin sailing it back to Newcastle , Australia , where it will undergo a total refit .
The HMNZS Manawanui . Contributed
Once completed , the vessel will be ready to begin her new life conserving maritime heritage and helping Micronesian communities .
`` It 's the classic friend of a friend story , '' Mr Miller said before departing .
`` Demolition company Major Projects tendered for the vessel on behalf of a group of sailing mates with no real expectation of winning it .
`` Bill Fenelon ( now master of the vessel ) and myself ( crew member ) were swept up in the project through our love of the sea and thirst for playing with big grey things that once went 'bang ' . ''
But Mr Miller said the foundation , who the local lads are donating their time and skill to , had a serious project in mind .
`` Throughout the south Pacific there are over 3000 shipwrecks in various stages of corrosion , '' he said .
`` The group of mates had known of this for some time and have been working with researchers worldwide to determine how much oil is left . With that came the realisation that the threat to reefs and island state economies could be enormous . So the Major Projects Foundation was born to undertake the research and counter the threat . ''
Photos View Photo Gallery
The Tweed sailors will be joined by a crew of 15 experienced sailors who will drive the shop home .
Once refitted , the former HMNZS Manawanui ( which translates as 'Big Heart ' ) means will undertake a shake-down voyage up the Queensland coast before engaging with researchers and oceanographers in earnest .
But Mr Miller , who lives at Byrrill Creek and drove the marketing of this year 's Murwillumbah Art Trail , lamented they would not be able to get the ship under the Condong Bridge for a visit to Murwillumbah as part of the festival next year .
`` All the other bridges might be a problem too , '' he said .
The tax and customs bureaus grew their collections in July but still fell short of targets , preliminary Finance department data showed .
The Bureau of Internal Revenue ( BIR ) netted P134.18 billion , up 14 percent from a year earlier and short of the month 's P134.72-billion goal .
Finance Assistant Secretary Mark Dennis Joven said July 's collections already included cigarette company Mighty Corp. 's P3.44-billion initial payment for its tax liabilities .
Year to date collections rose to P987.79 billion , below the target of about P1.39 trillion .
The BIR has been directed to collect a total of P1.82 trillion this year .
The Bureau of Customs , meanwhile ( BoC ) collected P34.82 billion in duties and taxes in July . This was up 12.3 percent from a year ago but missed the July target of P39.18 billion .
Year-to-date collections of P246.98 billion also fell short of the P257.14 billion targets .
For the full year , the BoC has been assigned a P468-billion revenue target .
‘ Not cause of concern '
The Finance department 's Joven said the below-target were not a cause of concern .
“ Actually our target on an annual basis is around 14 to 15 percent growth rate . So as far as the month of July is
concerned , BIR 's 14 percent is quite near and BoC 's 12.3 percent is not too far , ” he told reporters .
To improve collections , Joven said both agencies are trying to increase voluntary compliance , revenues from which comprise 97 to 98 percent of total collections .
“ By focusing more on voluntary compliance , the bottomline effect will be catered . How do you do that exactly ? It 's a two-pronged approach , ” he said .
This involves going after “ big fish ” and making it easier for people to pay their taxes , Joven explained .
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker 's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident , that was caught on camera , took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu , near Hastings , in July 2015 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Floyd Mayweather 's August 26 bout with Conor McGregor will be `` the biggest fight ever '' , according to UFC president Dana White .
Former multi-weight world champion Mayweather confirmed a deal has been agreed for a boxing match against mixed martial arts champion McGregor in Las Vegas on August 26 .
Mayweather will reportedly be paid over 100 million US dollars for the contest , which will be broadcast on pay-per-view networks across the world .
And White , in whose organisation Irishman McGregor has become a world champion , told Fox Sports : `` It 's definitely the biggest fight ever in combat sports history , and probably going to be the biggest payday ever .
`` Let 's just put it this way - all sides involved are pretty happy with their deals ! ''
The 40-year-old Mayweather announced his retirement after winning his 49th straight bout against Andre Berto , also in Las Vegas in September 2015 .
Three months later McGregor won the UFC featherweight title . After splitting two high-profile bouts with Nate Diaz , he then knocked out Eddie Alvarez to add the organisation 's lightweight title in December last year .
The fight was first mooted in a series of exchanges on social media , in which McGregor urged Mayweather to step up and sign .
Given McGregor 's non-existent boxing experience and Mayweather 's reputation as one of the finest fighters in history , many observers are already predicting a mis-match but White told ESPN : `` ( McGregor ) is absolutely 100 per cent positive that he wins this fight , and I stopped doubting Conor McGregor a long time ago .
`` Floyd Mayweather is 40 years old , he 's always had problems with southpaws . Conor McGregor is 27 and he is a southpaw . Whenever Conor hits people , they fall .
`` I 'm not saying Conor McGregor 's going to win . I 'm not saying Floyd Mayweather 's going to win . But the reason Conor McGregor 's as big as he is is he 'll fight anybody , anywhere , anytime . He will go after Floyd Mayweather and he will try to knock him out . ''
White said the fight would be at 154lbs - light middleweight - telling Fox : `` It 's going to be 12 rounds , they 're going to wear 10oz gloves , 154lbs , a boxing ring , Mayweather Promotions will build the undercard - it 's going to be a boxing event . ''
White told reporters in a conference call that there is no language in the contract concerning a rematch .
Mayweather will not be the first boxing champion to take on challenges from opponents steeped in other combat sports .
Muhammad Ali fought a 15-round draw against Japanese professional wrestler Antonio Inoki in Tokyo in 1976 , in which each man was allowed to use his own respective talent .
This story is about
Here 's everything you need to know to stay up to date with all things Dallas Cowboys .
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott ( 4 ) scrambles as he evades New York Giants defensive tackle Damon Harrison ( 98 ) on a run during the first half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , on Sunday , December 10 , 2017 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
1 . Reversing this one trend has helped keep the Cowboys ' slim playoff chances alive
Nothing comes easy for these Cowboys . These last two wins have been a grind , especially early .
2 . Bob Sturm 's Morning After column
He explores how the Cowboys exploited the Giants ' aggressiveness , and why remaining opponents wo n't be as accommodating .
3 . How good was Dak Prescott Sunday ? Cowboys players explain what QB means to the team
After Dak Prescott 's career day throwing for 332 yards and three touchdowns , some of his teammates talked in the locker room about what the young quarterback was like on the field Sunday afternoon .
4 . Want to see the Cowboys in the playoffs ?
Here 's who you should be rooting for this week
5 . Tony Romo to the Eagles ?
People are calling for ex-Cowboys QB , Colin Kaepernick to replace Carson Wentz .
Bonus : What Jason Garrett said about DeMarcus Lawrence 's profane post-game rant towards officials
Lawrence , without being asked about officiating after Sunday 's win over the Giants , criticized referees for their lack of holding calls against opposing offensive linemen in recent weeks .
It 's remarkable how we can all look and hear someone say or conduct themselves and come away with hugely varying understandings . Of course much of this comes down to socialised predetermination .
That is we have in our minds ' eye quick value judgments by the way a person looks , their colour , their mannerisms , their religion and or any previous experience of that person . I guess that 's why much has been made of Winston Peters ascending to the Acting Prime Minister 's role .
Some commentators have determined that the sky will fall in , and that Peters is unstable , erratic and or a maverick . I have yet to see any evidence of that occurrence at all .
In fact , if you reflect upon the times in which Peters has been in Government — outside the Jenny Shipley ( Prime Minister 1997-1999 ) coup of Jim Bolger ( Prime Minister 1990-1997 ) and the disintegration of the New Zealand First-National coalition — you have to say that he 's been a model minister in government .
Advertisement
More importantly , a number of commentators have attacked his litigation against senior bureaucrats and politicians .
Let 's put the record straight .
Under our constitution , once the election writs have been signed off by the Governor-General , the Government is in all respects a tad off a caretaker government . Of course , this is a must , otherwise the party in government can use its control of the powerful organs of the state to pervert a fair election process .
So in effect , during this time period , ministers are acting at arm 's length . There are protocols and ethics required of this period of government .
The Cabinet office releases directions over this period and affirms in paragraph 16 of Cabinet Office Memoranda ( 17 ) 1 : `` That the neutrality of the Public Service and other agencies in the state service must be protected throughout the pre-election period . ''
The State Services Commission further advises public servants that `` they 're on heightened sensitivity over this period and should pay particular attention to maintaining neutrality , not applying personal beliefs and providing unbiased advice '' .
Polling in the 2017 election clearly demonstrated three things of the National Party 's support parties . The Maori Party were in `` grave '' difficulty , the ACT party were not registering and United Future was in Tombstone Territory .
National has always despised New Zealand First and Winston Peters . John Key campaigned to destroy them , and Bill English did the same in an attempt to take out the middle man .
National had a problem — they knew it and so did every bureaucrat .
It seems bizarre to me that personal and confidential information of an individual beneficiary was deemed by Brendan Boyle , chief executive of the Ministry of Social Development and Peter Hughes , head of the State Services Commission , who oversees the performance of these CEOs , important enough to disclose within this election period to ministers Anne Tolley and Paula Bennett .
That 's why the court proceedings filed by Peters to get to the bottom of this leak is the absolutely correct response .
Notwithstanding this , I consider the leak itself is such a scurrilous dirty little act that it requires an independent retired judge or QC to investigate as well .
And if through litigation or via an independent review it is found that there was collusion between senior bureaucrats and Government Ministers , then they must pay the price as it would set a new low in New Zealand politics .
Surely those involved must have known that this information about Peters being circulated during this crucial election period would have a detrimental effect on Peters and New Zealand First ?
Boyle and Hughes said they chose to disclose this information to the ministers under a policy of 'No Surprises ' . There is no law or regulation defining exactly what the policy of No Surprises is .
That policy falls on the integrity , credibility and honesty of senior bureaucrats . There 's no doubt , by their own admission , they passed this information on to Tolley and Bennett — absolutely no doubt .
Tolley and Bennett have both denied leaking Peters ' private information to media . English , while Prime Minister , said it would have been better if the two ministers had not been told of the overpayments . But someone did leak , and you must question the motivation behind this mid-way through a hotly contested general election .
That 's why , is it any wonder that Acting Prime Minister Peters is enraged ? I am , because there has to be consequences .
This information about Peters was not about clever investigative journalism and would never have been obtained under the Official Information Act . The information was leaked to certain media outlets for what was to be an election sucker punch for New Zealand First and its charismatic leader .
All of a sudden Peters is attacked for initially seeking who passed on this information to that media outlet . Get it straight , who in their right mind would support a handpicked media outlet to drop this bomb on Peters ? Why were they chosen and are they part of this sordid little saga ?
For those that want to sweep this under the carpet by suggesting that Peters is somehow , somewhere out of order — really ? What are their standards ? What are there ethics ? What are their values ?
The Peters timeline
• 2010 :
Winston Peters applies for superannuation . He was not an MP at the time .
• June 2017 :
MSD chief executive Brendan Boyle is alerted to Peters ' years of overpayments during a routine briefing . He is informed later that the issue has been resolved . Boyle discusses the information with his boss State Services Commissioner Peter Hughes .
• July 2017 :
MSD writes to Peters , noting the incorrect payments . Peters meets with MSD manager and repays overpayment immediately .
• July 31 , 2017 :
Social Development Minister Anne Tolley is informed by Boyle under the `` no surprises '' policy .
• August 1 , 2017 :
State Services Minister Paula Bennett is also briefed by the State Services Commission .
• August 27 , 2017 :
Newshub breaks story of overpayments .
• August 28 , 2017 :
MSD and Inland Revenue start internal investigations over leaked information .
• August 29 , 2017 :
Tolley and Bennett officially confirm they were briefed as was the Prime Minister 's chief of staff Wayne Eagleson .
• October 2017 :
Peters announces NZ First will form coalition with Labour .
• June 2018 :
Peters announces legal action against Boyle , Hughes , Tolley and Bennett and the Attorney-General on behalf of the Ministry of Social Development .
MOSCOW ( AP ) — A committee of the Russian parliament has recommended the adoption of a proposed law that would require journalists working for media outlets designated as foreign agents to register as agents themselves .
The measure , which the lower parliament 's information committee recommended on Tuesday , follows a law adopted last year under which Russia can designate media outlets receiving foreign government funding as foreign agents .
Naming an outlet as a foreign agent does not block its work but casts aspersions on its credibility . Demanding that individual journalists register as agents could produce a chilling effect .
The proposed law `` is the latest step in the Russian authorities ' systematic policy towards obstructing the free flow of news , '' said Gulonoza Said of the Committee to Protect Journalists in a statement Tuesday .
YORKSHIRE first-team coach Andrew Gale praised his team 's character after they required just 42 balls on the final morning to complete an innings and 88 run victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston .
The home side , trailing by 203 on first innings , resumed on 85-9 and last pair Jeetan Patel and Olly Hannon-Dalby took the score to 115 before the latter missed a forward push at Adil Rashid and was bowled .
Patel , who had just lifted Rashid straight for six , was left unbeaten on 49 , having hit five fours and one six , while the continually-impressive young seamer Ben Coad ended with 5-50 to earn himself match figures of 10-102 .
Yorkshire 's resounding victory was an emphatic response to their surprise defeat to Hampshire in their opening game last week .
“ It was a big week for us having played so well last week when we did n't get anything out of the game , ” said Gale .
“ I thought we showed a lot of character .
“ After last week 's game we spoke a lot about winning key passages of play . In the third innings we let Hampshire back in the game , but in this game we got an opportunity to get ourselves in front and get away from them and we took it .
“ If I was being ultra-critical I would have liked one of our top six to go on and get a hundred after they all got starts .
“ But , on the whole , winning those key sessions was the difference . ”
Yorkshire 's next Championship match is against Hampshire at the Ageas Bowl on Friday when they will have prized England duo Jonny Bairstow and Joe Root available .
Liam Plunketis expected to return to action for Yorkshire 's Royal London Cup campaign later this month .
While there is good news there , captain Gary Ballance will continue to have to make do without three key bowlers , with seamers Jack Brooks , Liam Plunkett and Ryan Sidebottom still injured on the sidelines .
There had been hope that Plunkett and Sidebottom might be available for the trip to the south coast , but the rematch with Hampshire has come just too soon .
Brooks , on the other hand , was always going to be out injured for a longer period of time .
“ Ryan and Liam are another week away , ” said Gale .
I do n't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40-years-old . If he breaks down , it could be the end of his career . We have to do what 's right by him . Andrew Gale , on the fitness of Yorkshire bowler , Ryan Sidebottom
“ Ryan was going to play in the second team this week , but it 's come about that he 's still not quite right .
“ Liam is still feeling it a bit , so we ca n't risk him .
“ Fingers crossed , he will be available for the 50-over stuff . I 'm pretty sure he will be available for the first game of that ( away to Nottinghamshire on April 29 ) . ”
After travelling to Hampshire , Yorkshire will then turn their attention to their final Championship game before the Royal London One-day Cup starts in earnest at Trent Bridge .
They then resume their four-day campaign against Lancashire at Emirates Old Trafford on May 19 .
“ The break will give Ryan a good block of training , so when he does come back he 'll be ready to go , ” added Gale .
“ I do n't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40 years old . If he breaks down , it could be the end of his career . We have to do what 's right by him . ”
Warwickshire , meanwhile , must dust themselves down from successive innings defeats from which they have taken just three points .
It has been a bracing start to the regime of sport director Ashley Giles and first-team coach Jim Troughton and one that has hurt a set of experienced players , which was viewed in some quarters as potential title-challengers .
The first two games have supplied a serious reality check , ahead of another tough fixture , at home to Surrey starting on Friday .
“ The first two games have been really disappointing after such high hopes during the winter , ” said Giles . “ We 've done a lot of good preparation , but just not put it into practice . It 's certainly hit the dressing room hard , but all we can do is try to turn it around . ”
Elsewhere , defending champions Middlesex started the defence of their Division One title with a hard-fought draw against Hampshire .
Both sides took 10 points from the Ageas Bowl , but the 2016 champions were staring down the barrel of a nail-biting conclusion when a three-wicket new-ball strike left them 215-7 .
Had Hampshire rolled over the tail an achievable run chase would have been left , but tail-enders Toby Roland-Jones ( 25 ) , Ollie Rayner ( 17no ) and Tim Murtagh ( 19no ) dug deep .
In the end the sides shook hands at 278-9 declared , Kyle Abbott 's good form continuing as he claimed 5-59 .
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA —WORRIED by the non-confirmation of nominees presented to it by President Muhammadu Buhari , the Presidency , yesterday , begged the Senate to lift its embargo on screening and confirmation of nominees forwarded to it for various positions in agencies not captured by the constitution since last year .
Pleading on behalf of the Presidency yesterday , while introducing the two nominees for deputy governorship positions of the Central Bank of Nigeria , CBN , and four others as members of the apex bank 's Monitoring Policy Committee , MPC , the Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters ( Senate ) , Senator Ita Enang , urged the Senate to extend its magnanimity on the consideration of the nominees to other positions forwarded to it since last year .
Enang said : “ I want to , on behalf of the executive , thank the Senate for the resolution made last week which paved way for screening of presidential nominees for CBN deputy governorship positions and members of the bank 's Monetary Policy Committee , MPC .
“ May I , on behalf of the executive , plead with the Senate to extend its magnanimity on these nominees to other ones already forwarded to it like executives and board members of various agencies . ”
Meanwhile , the Senate Committee on Banking , Insurance and other Financial Institutions , yesterday , carried out the screening of the nominees from the CBN .
But responding to Senator Enang 's plea , Chairman of the Committee , Senator Rafiu Adebayo Ibrahim , who noted that the gesture given to the CBN nominees was a special one , in view of the economic implications their non-screening and confirmation was causing the country , said non-confirmation of the nominees by the Senate prevented MPC meeting of the CBN to hold in January and even yesterday , March 19 , 2018 .
The reason , he said , led to last Tuesday 's resolution for the screening and confirmation of the nominees for the various CBN positions .
The screened nominees were Mrs Aisha Ahmad from Niger State and Edward Adamu from Gombe State as CBN deputy governors .
Others include Professor Adeola Adenikinju , Dr Aliyu Rafindadi Sanusi , Dr Robert Asogwa and Dr Asheikh Maidugu , all as members of the apex bank 's Monetary Policy Committee .
Recall that the Senate had last year , in reaction to remarks made by the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo , that the acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , Ibrahim Magu , needed not to be confirmed by the Senate before assuming office in substantive capacity , placed embargo on screening and confirmation of presidential nominees .
During the first half of fiscal year 2018 , the Mayor 's Office of Economic Development issued nearly $ 6 million dollars in grant monies to various local organizations .
The office says grantees were selected based on their economic impact within Maui County through business and/or jobs created or sustained .
Improvements to Maui County in the areas of environment , agriculture , business , sports , arts and culture were also considered .
“ These economic development grants are a vital way that our tax dollars help create jobs and sustain our local economy , ” said Mayor Arakawa . “ Funds have helped preserve our environment and open space , support our small businesses , and share our host culture with residents and visitors . I 'm pleased to see how far these funds go toward strengthening our community on many levels . ”
The list of grantees includes the following :
West Maui Soil & Water – $ 175,000
Clerical & Tech Support
Clerical and technical support for education , planning and reviewing the County 's grading and grubbing permit plans .
Tri-Isle RC & D – $ 30,000
Axis Deer Management Kula Ag Park
Project manages the Axis Deer population in the Kula Ag Park through harvesting .
ADVERTISEMENT
Tri-Isle RC & D – $ 20,000
Maui Costal Dune Restoration
Dune restoration and erosion control efforts at primarily South Maui beaches and County Parks .
Lokahi Pacific – $ 80,000
Festivals of Aloha
Fund honors the Native Hawaiian heritage by sharing it with visitors and residents .
Maui County Visitor Association – $ 4,000,000
Maui Nui Tourism Improvement Initiative
To market and promote travel to the islands of Maui , Lanaʻi and Molokaʻi and to maintain a continuing interest in the well-being of visitors .
Tri-Isle RC & D – $ 10,000
Emma Farden Sharpe Hula Festival
Supports a Hula Festival in the name of Maui 's Kumu Emma Farden Sharpe .
Makawao Merchant 's Association – $ 42,000
Makawao Town Party
Funds the Makawao Friday Town Party event .
Project S.E.A.-LINK * – $ 10,000
Ridge to Reef
Annual event to educate and engage residents and visitors on Maui 's environment .
Valley Isle Road Runners – $ 4,200
Maui Marathon
Supports the Maui Marathon .
Kahana Canoe Club – $ 10,000
Maui Nui Canoe Race
A canoe race that shares Hawaiian culture to visitors and residents .
The Friends of DT Fleming – $ 32,500
Seeds of Hope
Fund projects to preserve Maui 's dry land native plants , forests , wildlife and valuable conservation resources while educating and actively engaging youth , community and visitors .
Maui Huliau Foundation – $ 20,000
Huliau Environmental Filmmaking
Assists Maui youth in producing two environmental films .
Maui Native Hawaiian Chamber – $ 10,000
Annual Biz Fest
Explore issues of importance to business leaders who strive to incorporate Hawaiian values into their businesses .
Ma Ka Hana Ka Ike – $ 20,000
Mahele Farm
Mahele Farm is Hāna 's organic community farm , offering paid apprenticeships , semi-weekly community workdays , and educational programs for grades preK–12 .
Ma Ka Hana Ka Ike – $ 90,000
Building Program
Ma Ka Hāna Ka ʻIke is a vocational education program for at-risk youth in Hāna , providing hands-on construction skills training to improve economic sustainability .
Maui Economic Opportunity – $ 265,000
Microenterprise Program
Microenterprise program to assist small business entrepreneurs with business plan training , credit assessment , technical assistance and microloans for business startup and expansion in Maui County .
Lahaina Town Action – $ 40,000
Annual Town Events
Lahaina 's annual events include Hawaiian music and hula along with various holiday celebrations .
Lahaina Town Action – $ 25,000
Lahaina Boat Days
Hawaiian music and hula dancing to greet 50 cruise ships at Lahaina harbor .
Theatre Theatre Maui – $ 24,000
West Maui Theatre Project
Provides a full spectrum of performing arts experience for children and adults of the West Maui Community .
Kula Elementary School – $ 10,750
Ag Science Program
The Kula Elementary Agricultural Science Program will help establish a five-acre diversified farm at the former Keokea School site , providing extended learning opportunities for students to complement the STEM curriculum standards that are taught in the classroom .
Molokaʻi Community Service Council , Inc. – $ 15,000
Joy to the World
Fund supports the Annual Molokaʻi Christmas Light Parade and Hoʻolaulea .
Maui Economic Development Board , Inc. – $ 800,000
Economic Diversification
Providing leadership and vision in our community for the responsible design and development of a strong , sustainable and diversified economy for Maui .
Tri-Isle RC & D – $ 22,000
Molokaʻi-Lanaʻi Soil & Water Conservation District
To provide administrative services with a part-time administrative assistant/conservation specialist position to the Molokaʻi-Lanaʻi Soil & Water Conservation District .
Maui Economic Development Board , Inc. – $ 25,000
Ka Ipu Kulkui Fellows Program
10 month program to train emerging leaders on the complex issues facing Maui Nui .
Maui Nui Botanical Gardens Inc. – $ 150,000
Native Hawaiian Plants
MNBG is a public native plant garden that fosters appreciation of Maui County 's native and canoe plants and their role in Hawaiian cultural expression .
For more information about the grants or the grant process , call OED Director Teena Rasmussen at ( 808 ) 270-7710 . For general information , click here .
Claims Donald Trump is considering `` terminating '' the employment of Robert Mueller , the special counsel appointed to examine Russia 's role in the 2016 US presidential election and the man reportedly investigating the president for possible obstruction of justice , have been denied .
The White House yesterday said the president had no plans to do so .
Christopher Ruddy , a friend of Trump 's and chief executive of Newsmax Media , this week claimed the president was considering firing Mueller - and questions were raised by Trump aides over the former FBI director 's impartiality .
`` While the president has the right to , he has no intention to do so , '' Sarah Sanders , a White House spokesman said .
Advertisement
Mueller will investigate Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice , it was reported on Tuesday evening . Unnamed officials told the Washington Post the US president was being investigated .
Trump had previously received assurances from James Comey , the former FBI director , that he was not under investigation .
Senior intelligence officials , including Daniel Coats , the director of national intelligence , Mike Rogers , the head of the National Security Agency , have agreed to be interviewed by the special counsel as early as next week , the report stated .
The move , if confirmed , would mark a significant escalation in the scope of the investigation and increase pressure on the US president .
Mueller , himself a former FBI director , was appointed last month to run the special counsel examining Russia 's role in the 2016 presidential election and links between Trump aides and Moscow .
Potential witnesses are reportedly now being sought from both inside and outside the Trump administration .
Comey told Congress last week he believed he was fired by Trump to undermine the agency 's Russia investigation .
× President Trump will be investigated for possible obstruction of justice . Photo / AP President Trump will be investigated for possible obstruction of justice . Photo / AP
There was no comment from the White House on the reports that Mr Trump was now himself under investigation .
Senators on Tuesday questioned both Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein on how the inquiry was being handled .
Sessions vehemently denied any collusion with Russia to tilt last year 's election in Trump 's favour , branding the suggestion an `` appalling and detestable lie '' . He was being questioned as part of a separate congressional hearing on the subject .
Until now , Mueller had drawn widespread praise from Republicans and Democrats alike .
Trump has not yet passed comment on Mr Mueller .
Leading Republicans waved off the idea of firing Mueller , with House Speaker Paul Ryan saying that his advice was to `` let Robert Mueller do his job '' and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell voicing confidence in the special counsel .
But expressions of discontent with Mueller are bubbling up nonetheless .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich led one line of attack with a tweet that said `` Republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going to be fair '' . He added that fundraising records show some of the lawyers whom Mueller selected for his team have contributed to Democrats .
`` It makes sense to point out any level of bias , to highlight any biases inherent in Mueller and this probe in order to force him to be transparent , '' Gingrich said .
He said Trump had called him on Monday night and the two discussed Gingrich 's concerns about the probe .
This article originally appeared on the Daily Telegraph .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Director of football Steve Round has left Aston Villa as the summer shake-up continues at Villa Park .
Former Everton and Manchester United assistant manager Round becomes the latest chief to leave following Keith Wyness ' departure last month .
The move also leaves manager Steve Bruce in a difficult predicament with two of his closest Villa Park allies now out of the picture .
The club released the news this morning , saying : “ We can confirm Director of Football Steve Round has left the club .
“ The club would like to thank Steve for all his efforts and wish him well for the future . ”
Round was appointed in September 2016 as Paddy Riley 's replacement and was tasked with implementing the ‘ Villa Engine ' as well as taking an active role in identifying transfer targets .
Round was linked to Arsenal in November with reports suggesting the Gunners were impressed with his work at Villa , but the 47-year-old is now out of work .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
More Villa news
Aston Villa are in a tussle with West Bromwich Albion and Bristol City for the signature of David McGoldrick , according to reports .
McGoldrick , 30 , is a Republic of Ireland international who has left Ipswich Town upon the expiry of his contract this summer .
The forward had been at Portman Road for the last five years and has also previously had spells with Southampton , Nottingham Forest and Coventry City .
Villa , who have n't done any business as of yet this summer because of financial problems that have crippled the club , are supposedly keen on McGoldrick , who is available on a free transfer .
Neighbours Albion and Lee Johnson 's Bristol City have also been credited with an interest .
McGoldrick averages roughly one goal every four matches in his playing career .
Takeover latest
Tony Xia has knocked back another offer for a share of the control at Aston Villa , writes Gregg Evans .
It can be revealed that an American group bid £30m for 30 per-cent of the club last month - but it was flat-out rejected .
BirminghamLive understands that representatives from the group visited Villa Park and were hoping to play a part in rebuilding the club .
But despite looking for outside investment - and receiving an offer that matched his financial demands - Xia still turned it down .
That 's now two serious bids rejected by the Chinese businessman .
Last week we revealed that an offer from a European group for 51 per-cent of control was also rejected .
It 's understood that another consortium - who have been linked with a move for Villa before - also met with the current management team consisting of chief commercial officer Luke Organ and others last week .
There has been no formal offer , though .
It 's understood that the American group , who placed a bid for 30 per-cent , were confident of getting the go-ahead .
They were also willing to discuss a potential takeover and offered up the promise of another £15m should promotion be achieved in two years .
Of course there were some proposals of their own .
One of those was to sell star performer Jack Grealish for no less than £40m - and use all of the incoming funds as operating capital .
They understand that the 22-year-old is the club 's prized asset and actually want to keep him on board next season , but losing him for an exorbitant fee would n't be the worse thing to happen if the interest was there .
Xia , however - through his Villa Park representatives - declined the first offer , and that was as far as it got .
They have n't given up hope , though , and are expected to return with another offer later this week .
Meanwhile , as reported by BirminghamLive last week , two other parties remain keen .
They both have the funds available to invest heavily and continue to support the club in the quest for a return to the Premier League , however new owners would have to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations .
They are now in the process of drawing up their offers .
NEW YORK : Mariah Carey is surely hoping that 2017 goes better than her 2016 ended .
The pop music diva endured an embarrassing technical meltdown during a New Year 's Eve show witnessed by thousands in New York 's Times Square and millions more across the United States .
The huge malfunction happened during her performance on “ Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve With Ryan Seacrest , ” billed as “ the last big performance of 2016 by Mariah Carey . ”
Carey is one of the world 's biggest-selling recording artists , with a boatload of Grammys and other accolades to her credit .
But the sound system malfunctioned badly late Saturday from the opening notes of her performance of “ Auld Lang Syne , ” leaving Carey flummoxed and visibly defeated .
Wearing a flesh-tone , sheer sequined dress with plunging neckline and stiletto platform shoes , Carey paced along the front of the stage while her backup dancers performed acrobatic moves , in what was supposed to have been the evening 's headlining event minutes before the ball dropped to mark the start of the new year .
“ Well , Happy New Year . We ca n't hear , ” the 46-year-old star told the crowd as her entourage of male backup dancers continued their performance .
“ I 'm going to let the audience sing , OK ? ” she says , as the high-spirited crowd went on without her .
At one point , an audio track of Carey singing could be heard , even though she clearly was not singing .
“ That was — I 'm leaving , ” the singer said in the microphone as the first number ended .
She stayed — but things did not go better during her performance of “ Emotions , ” one of her biggest hits , and she halfheartedly mimed her way through the number .
Twitter gleefully erupted in Schadenfreude over Carey 's woes .
“ Even Milli Vanilli is embarrassed by Mariah Carey 's debacle , ” tweeted @ JimmyTraina , referring to an earlier singing duo cruelly mocked for its failed lip synching efforts .
“ Mariah Carey just summed up 2016 in a nutshell , ” wrote another tweeter , @ MatthewLush .
The woeful performance comes at an unfortunate time . Carey 's career recently had been on the ascent .
In addition to the high-profile New Year 's Eve gig , she has been appearing in a new reality TV show “ Mariah 's World , ” billed by the E ! television network as a show that goes “ beyond the flashbulbs and fame and into the private life of one of the most celebrated pop divas of all time . ”
Hours after Saturday 's disastrous outing , Carey posted a rueful , but somewhat hopeful , tweet .
“ Shit happens , ” she wrote on Twitter Sunday , with a frownie face emoticon .
“ Have a happy and healthy new year everybody ! Here 's to making more headlines in 2017. ” AFP
AFP/CC
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police would like to talk to these people after a woman was viciously attacked by a dog off its lead in a Derby park .
Officers say the woman was walking through Darley Park near to its West Bank Avenue entrance when she was attacked by a German shepherd-type dog that was off its lead .
The dog took hold of the woman by the arm and pulled her to the floor and she suffered bruising to her arm . The incident happened at around 1pm on Monday , May 28 .
Derbyshire police have released a photograph of a group of people they would like to speak to in connection with the incident .
Anyone who recognises those in the photograph can call police on 101 and quote reference number 18 * 244278 and the name of the officer in the case , PC Heidi Andrew .
They can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers , on 0800 555 111 or by visiting www.crimestoppers-uk.org
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Downfall of Toshiba , a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
National Chairman , Action Peoples Party ( APP ) , Mr Ikenga Ugochiyere , has said that the party would rebuild Nigeria ` s economy and unite the people if voted into power in 2019 .
He stated this on Monday in Abuja at the official public unveiling of the party .
Ugochiyeri decried the insecurity and spate of killings in parts of the country and said that there was urgent need to redeem its economy from imminent collapse .
He said that if the party won the presidency in 2019 , it would stop the killings and bring perpetrators to book , even up to the International Criminal Court .
According to him , the Progressives Congress ( APC ) -led Federal Government has performed below the expectations of Nigerians and has also failed in its campaign promises .
The chairman said that the party would restore the country ` s integrity and respect in the international scene , adding that its policy would be “ Nigeria first '' .
He also said that under APP leadership , Nigeria ` s relationship with the international community must be symbolic and reciprocal , while Africa would remain the centrepiece of its foreign policy .
He noted that though President Muhammadu Buhari had the constitutional right to re-contest , he advised him not to do so , saying that it was better to retire with the last vestiges of respect and houour .
Ugochiyeri advised that rather than re-contest in 2019 , Buhari should support the emergence of a new generation of young leaders with his experience and age .
He warned that any attempt by the political class to manipulate the electoral process in 2019 would be resisted within the ambit of the law .
He said that in furtherance of its national healing agenda “ and in fulfilment of its pursuit of equity , justice and fairness , the APP will lay to rest the controversies of June 12 , 1993 presidential election '' .
The chairman said that the party would do so by announcing late M.K.O . Abiola as winner of the election as well as have him listed as a former president of the country .
He added that the APP would also ensure that June 12 was passed by the National Assembly as the national democracy day .
“ This Bill which has been drafted and captioned June 12 Bill , will be presented to the Parliament once we are elected in 2019 , '' he said .
The chairman maintained that under an APP government , rule of law , transparency and accountability in the affairs of government would be observed at all times .
He also said that there would be political reforms and restructuring while the anti-corruption crusade would be transparent .
Ugochiyeri said the party ` s youth development agenda would have the parliament pass a bill to reserve 40 per cent of all elective and appointive positions to young persons , between the ages of 18 and 40 .
The objective of this , he said , was to groom new generation leaders , adding that the Bill had been drafted .
He said that APP would stand against tenure elongation and change of Constitution by sit-tight leaders in African countries and dictatorship in the continent , if elected .
“ Nigeria shall more resolutely intervene on behalf of the people of Africa where there is violation and abuse of human rights and dignity .
“ We will no longer sit and allow some dictators continue to rape the dignity of their people and subject their citizenry to all sorts of human suffering , “ the chairman said .
The event was attended by members of the party from across the country , some Civil Society Organisations , representatives of INEC and National Youth Council of Nigeria . ( NAN )
Residents of Owino Uhuru in Mombasa County filed the class action lawsuit against thegovernment and the Metal Refinery EPZ Ltd after they fell ill from lead poisoning . They are asking for the equivalent of €13 million ( $ 16 million ) in compensation for health problems and to clean up contaminated land .
The lead battery recycling factory EPZ opened in 2007 next to the Owino Uhuru slums . Soon , people in the area started feeling the effects of lead poisoning originating from the plant . At least 20 factory workers and 100 children died . It is estimated that 3,000 residents have been affected by the toxic waste . The factory was established to collect used batteries for smelting . Expert analysis has indicated that carbon compounds emitted from the process entered the food chain and living quarters in adjacent Owino Uhuru slums through effluent and smoke emissions .
Wrangling lawyers
Now , two years after the lawsuit was launched , the plaintiffs were scheduled to give their testimony in court in Mombasa for the first time today . But the hearing did not take place because of a dispute between two lawyers representing the victims . Justice Anne Omollo ordered both counsels to come forward on April 27 for the hearing of their applications and rescheduled the opening of the court proceedings to the 15th and 16th of May this year .
Activist Phyllis Omido won the prestigious Goldman Environmental Prize for her fight for justice
Two years after the class action suit was filed in 2015 under the leadership of activist and founder of the non-governmental organization Centre for Justice , Governance and Environmental , Phyllis Omido , the victims are still waiting for their day in court . They include Omido herself , whose son was poisoned by the lead-smelting factory .
Her organization succeeded in forcing the shutdown of the plant , before pushing the courts to secure compensation for the victims and a clean-up of the community . Thousands of locals joined the suit .
Expensive treatment
Among the victims is Catherine Akello , who takes part in a clinical trial to treat lead poisoning . Her life depends on the success of the doctors ' attempt to clean her blood using dialysis . Two of her children have died of lead poisoning and she lost two kidneys : `` I started getting sick in 2015 , coughing , my skin was itchy and I could n't walk , '' she said .
The plant was closed in 2014 , but the consequences are still making themselves felt . Owino Uhuru has dangerously high levels of lead in both in the water and soil . Irene Akinyi suffers from a swollen thyroid gland . Her brother and father worked at the plant and she used to wash their clothes : `` If the liquid would pour out of the batteries , I would be the one to clean the mess . I did n't know it would affect me . '' Akinyi is still waiting for the expensive medical treatments she urgently needs .
Like Catherine Akello and Irene Akinyi , the plaintiffs will now have to wait even longer to find out if they will be compensated .
Kathryn Omwandho in Nairobi and Diana Wanyonyi in Mombasa contributed to this article
In a rematch of last year 's Patriot League Championship game , Lehigh men 's basketball will take on the top seed in the league , defending Patriot League champions Bucknell University , at Stabler Arena Monday night .
On March 8 , 2017 , the Bisons ( 16-8 , 10-1 PL ) booted the Mountain Hawks ( 10-13 , 5-7 PL ) from the Patriot League Tournament , 81-65 , in what was Lehigh 's second championship game loss in the team 's last two seasons .
Lehigh 's first chance at revenge against the No . 1 team in the league came on Jan. 11 .
The Mountain Hawks were down by two at half time . Despite their efforts in the second half of the game , they were outscored by the Bisons 50-39 .
The road trip concluded similarly to last season 's championship game . Bucknell toppled Lehigh 78-65 .
Since the Mountain Hawks ' attempt at a league title last year , the team has fallen from third in the league to seventh , despite a preseason Patriot League ranking of fourth .
Part of Lehigh 's problem lies in its defensive game . The team falls last in the Patriot League in scoring defense , allowing 78.7 points per game . The Mountain Hawks will need to rectify their defense if they want to end their losing streak against the Bisons , a team that leads in scoring , field goals , rebounds and blocks .
While this is Bucknell 's fourth year in a row leading the Patriot League , the Bisons ' away record is 8-7 this season , giving Lehigh an advantage at the upcoming home game .
Coming off of an 80-75 win at home Saturday against the second-ranked team in the Patriot League , Boston University , Lehigh must carry its momentum forward into Monday 's rematch against Bucknell .
REAL BUZZ : Doug and Vicki Kilgour are sharing their love of bees and honey with Ekka patrons .
LIFE could n't get any sweeter for Ekka faithful Doug and Vicki Kilgour .
The married couple are among a small group of apiarists helping educate city slickers about the importance of bees at the Royal Queensland Show .
The Baffle Creek couple explained they started their small honey venture about four years ago .
`` Vicki wanted bees so we decided to get two hives , '' 61-year-old Doug said .
Now the couple has 20 hives that produce about 2000kg of honey in a good year .
`` This year , because there 's been a drought , it 's been very hard for the bees in our area , '' Doug said .
`` So we 've just been sustaining them but not really growing them . ''
Doug is allergic to bee stings but he and 57-year-old Vicki refuse to let that hold them back from their passion .
`` I work with the bees but I have to be very careful , '' Doug said .
`` I always put my safety gear on and if I get stung I take antihistamines and cortisone . ''
Entries for the Ekka 's Apiculture Competition can be viewed at the Queensland Beekeepers ' Association 's display and product stall in the Agricultural Hall .
There are also apiary demonstrations throughout the day .
- NewsRegional
BUREAU of Immigration ( BI ) officers at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport ( NAIA ) and other major airports have dropped earlier plans to resign en masse or go on mass leave despite their low pay and non-payment of their overtime pay out of patriotic duty .
Immigration Commissioner Jaime Morente on Tuesday disclosed that most of the immigration officers assigned to the NAIA , the country 's premier airport , have been reporting for work , citing a report from the bureau 's port operations division that daily attendance of BI 's airport personnel is at 95 percent .
“ Despite their financial problems , the bulk of our workforce at the NAIA are continuing to persevere and make sacrifices for the sake of the traveling public . I commend them for doing a remarkable job in the face of adversities , ” the BI chief said .
A total of 940 immigration officers and supervisors are assigned at the NAIA terminals and other major airports nationwide .
Morente debunked reports that hundreds of immigration officers have resigned en masse or have gone on leave over President Rodrigo Duterte 's veto of the express lane fund ( ELF ) , which effectively stopped the BI from using it as source of funding for overtime pay , hiring of confidential agents and other contractual jobs .
He said only 36 immigration officers have resigned since the start of the year and only a few have gone on leave for various reasons .
“ Passenger queues at the airport have returned to normal , ” according to Morente , even as he said the basic pay of BI employees was too low that they could barely afford to shoulder the cost of their meals and transportation in going to work .
But the militant Bukluran ng Manggagawang Pilipino ( BMP ) does not buy his claim , saying the problem is far from over .
“ The problem will remain for so long as the benefits that have been taken away from immigration personnel are not restored . It is a violation of the law , ” BMP chairman Leody de Guzman said . ”
The Labor Code of the Philippines , he pointed out , prohibits removal of benefits due the employees , including privileges on security of tenure , health and service incentive leave , among others .
Immigration spokesman Antonette Mangrobang earlier said lower salary grade employees were the most affected by the presidential veto on the use of ELF , particularly those receiving below the minimum wage .
“ There are immigration employees whose salary grade level is only P9,000 a month , which is below the minimum wage , ” Mangrobang added .
“ They [ have ] low morale , ” she said .
At present , the BI has 2,671 personnel , composed of organic/permanent , presidential appointees and 975 confidential agents , job orders and computer personnel , among others .
It needs at least 4,000 workers . WILLIAM B. DEPASUPIL
MU hosts annual Veterans Day wreath laying ceremony
COLUMBIA - The Missouri Student Union held a wreath laying ceremony Friday afternoon to honor veterans across the country .
MU participated in the National Remembrance Day Roll Call where veterans read of the names of MU student veterans who have been killed . The event is an annual event at MU to honor veterans .
The keynote speaker of the event was Col. Roderik Cox who served over 12 years in combat , peacekeeping and covert missions . Cox , an MU alumnus , said that despite varying definitions of veterans throughout different branches of the military , his definition is clear .
`` I prefer to define a veteran as anyone who at one point in time in their life , held up their hand and swore an oath to support and defend our Construction , '' Cox said . `` Who wrote that invisible blank check that could be cashed at anytime of our nation . That check for everything they had , up to and including their life . ''
The event included remarks from the president of MU 's Student Union Programming Board , the president of MU Student Veterans Association and the chair of the MU department of Military Science and Leadership .
Robert Ross , director of the MU Veterans Center , helped the event . The MU Veterans Center works with the over 400 student veterans on campus . Ross said the event was to not only honor the past but look forward to the peace that could be found in the future .
`` We certainly as veterans look to a day when we will have world peace so that you know perhaps this Veteran 's Day or next year 's Veteran 's Day or ten years from now , it would be the last time we have to stand in the cold and read the names of those service members who made the ultimate sacrifice , '' said Ross .
Throughout the event many of the speakers referred to the stereotypes of veterans that have come out of Hollywood .
`` Most veterans I know shake their head at the Hollywood stereotype , and sure there are a few of us out there that fit that image , but there are a whole heck of a lot of us who are just regular folks , '' Cox said . `` We are n't living on the street , we do n't need any handouts . Rather we were lawyers , teachers , nurses , bankers , coaches . ''
Event attendee David Emily , who served 5 years in the Navy before becoming a student at MU , echoed similar sentiments .
`` I think it is kind of important to remember that veterans are just average people . I think Hollywood kind of portrays veteran in a certain light and that 's not always true . Veterans are normally just typical , they want to go to school , they want to be a student they want to have a job , '' Emily said .
Ross also expressed gratitude for the event saying it gave veterans and student veterans a chance to realize the gratitude the country has to them .
`` It shows that this country appreciates what veterans do for them . Veterans when you see them in the community , you may not know they are veterans , your neighbor could be a veteran , your best friend 's father or mother could be a veteran , '' Ross said . `` You never know because veterans do n't walk around saying 'Hey , look at me , I 'm a veteran , '' and so there is no way of knowing walking through campus . ''
The event was followed with a reception at Bengal 's Lair in Memorial Union .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo , freezing the bank 's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls . In addition , bank agreed to replace four board members .
It 's the latest blow against the San Francisco bank that has had its reputation tarnished by revelations it opened phony customer accounts and sold auto insurance to customers who did not need it .
The new penalties were announced late Friday on Fed Chair Janet Yellen 's last day at the central bank .
`` We can not tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank , '' Yellen said in a statement . `` The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers . ''
Advertisement
The Fed said it is restricting the bank 's assets to the level where they stood at the end of last year until it can demonstrate that it has improved its internal controls .
The announcement came after the close of trading on Wall Street Friday . Wells Fargo 's stock fell more than 6 percent in after-hours trading .
`` We take this order seriously and are focused on addressing all of the Federal Reserve 's concerns , '' CEO Timothy Sloan said .
Wells Fargo said that it is confident it will satisfy the Fed 's requirements and reiterated that it remains `` open for business . ''
The bank said it will continue to meet customer 's financial needs , including saving , borrowing and investing .
It said it has the flexibility on its balance sheet to pull back from certain activities to meet the Fed 's growth limits , although its exact steps have not been determined .
Sloan also emphasized that the order is related to prior issues , not any new matters .
`` While there is still more work to do , we have made significant improvements over the past year to our governance and risk management that address concerns highlighted in this consent order , '' he said .
The company has agreed to replace three directors by April and another one by year-end . It did not specify which board members would be affected .
The Fed 's new order marked the latest chapter in a series of scandals which have rocked the bank in recent years .
Wells Fargo has admitted that employees opened more than 3 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas . It ended up paying $ 185 million to regulators and settled a class-action suit for $ 142 million .
It also has admitted it signed up hundreds of thousands of auto loan customers for auto insurance they did not need . Some of those customers had their cars repossessed because they could not afford both the auto loan and insurance payments .
And Wells Fargo also offered refunds to customers last year after acknowledging that its mortgage bankers unfairly charged them fees to lock in interest rates on mortgages .
The Fed 's action came on a 3-0 vote . Randal Quarles , who is the Fed 's vice chairman for supervision , has recused himself from participating in matters involving Wells Fargo .
___
Skidmore Sell reported from Portland , Oregon .
Comanche County 4-H'ers have two more opportunities for summer fun next week .
A `` Sewing Day '' with members of the Comanche County Oklahoma Home and Community Education groups as their mentors will be from 9 a.m. to noon Tuesday in the Prairie Building at the Comanche County Fairgrounds , 920 S. Sheridan . Register by calling 355-1176 .
Comanche County 4-H Teen Ambassadors have scheduled a workshop called `` Chemicals R Us '' for 9 a.m. to noon June 22 at the Coliseum Annex , also at the fairgrounds . Participants can learn about chemical reactions using what 's in the kitchen pantry . Cost is $ 5 or a donation of a new pre-school book per family or individual . If possible , participants should pre-enroll three days beforehand by calling 355-1176 so the Teen Ambassadors can have plenty of supplies on hand .
BATTLELINES have been drawn in Bundaberg between those who are for and against illegal fireworks .
The new year rang in with spectacular light shows put on by the Bundaberg Regional Council , but it was the illegal fireworks going off in backyards around the region that have ignited debate .
Those against the illegal light shows say the major concern is that unlike council fireworks , there 's no warning of when they 're going off - meaning that animals and residents can be spooked by the sudden sounds .
Those supporting illegal fireworks have labelled them `` a bit of fun '' .
> > Fireworks : How my dad nearly killed our friend
Thabeban resident Peter Bonaventura wrote a letter to the NewsMail saying illegal , unexpected fireworks had caused his dog massive upset on New Year 's Eve .
`` Are you prepared to pay for the damage done to my security screens/door because my dog is stressed and wanted access to the house for his security ? I think not , '' he said .
`` You would n't have thought about anyone else , except your enjoyment . ''
On Facebook , the topic attracted heated debate .
Illegal fireworks have caused concern among residents while others say the fact they 're illegal is political correctness gone too far . Nev Madsen
`` Ca n't you just accept it 's the end of the year and let people live a bit , kick back and enjoy the show , I feel lucky seeing fireworks go off close to me , '' wrote Jeremy Landt .
Chris Richardt agreed .
`` Can you even breathe now days without someone having a cry about it ? '' he said .
Tahlee Taylor said her family enjoyed seeing fireworks let off by those nearby .
`` Tie your animals up or put them inside for the night if they do n't like noise , '' she said .
`` You should realise that people are going to set off a few fireworks throughout the night , after all it was New Year 's Eve .
`` My kids had a ball watching them from our backyard . ''
However , many said the elderly and animals suffered because they did not know when fireworks would go off .
Nicky Maree said it was random fireworks on unexpected days that were the most bothersome .
Tewantin woman Bron Norman with her dog Tomie and the hole he chewed in panic when neigbours let off illegal fireworks on New Year 's Eve . Geoff Potter
`` Had to stay up with the dogs and try calm them as they almost have heart attacks every time , '' she said .
`` If she is in her enclosure she will rip herself apart trying to get out .
No.point complaining really , fireworks will always be a part of life and just have to prepare . ''
Cathy Cunningham said even though she thought people should be responsible for their pets , it was human safety that worried her the most .
`` The reason they are illegal seems to be escaping logical thought ... , '' she said .
`` They are illegal because children lost their eyes and hands , simple .
`` Unfortunately stupid people exist and theirs and other children need to be protected . ''
Melanie Stevens-Delaney said Pacific Breeze Estate had been hit by illegal fireworks .
`` We had them during the Christmas period , '' she said .
`` Our poor neighbourhood puppies are suffering . ''
Helidon Explosives Reserve manager Jim Fowler destroying illegal fireworks in Helidon . Nev Madsen
Illegal fireworks could you a life - or more than $ 40,000
The Queensland Police Service warns that anyone light fireworks illegally could face criminal charges .
`` If we get called to an incident and locate fireworks , we can seize them and notify the Department of Mines and Explosives ( DME ) , '' the spokesperson said .
`` If however , there is damage or injury to people or property caused by the fireworks , or a large scale quantity seized , then charges under the criminal code may apply .
`` It must always be remembered that fireworks by their very nature deliver some type of explosive charge and can be extremely dangerous if handled incorrectly and by people unlicensed and untrained . ''
The DME lists letting off illegal fireworks as a deadly activity .
`` Illegal use of fireworks can be dangerous to you and to others and is a public nuisance , '' a spokesperson said .
People who use fireworks carelessly , or without knowing what they 're doing can be killed or maimed .
`` People who use fireworks carelessly , or without knowing what they 're doing can be killed or maimed . They can also kill or maim others .
`` The possession and use of fireworks is regulated under Queensland legislation including the Explosives Act - with people needing to be licensed . ''
The DME also stressed the issue illegal fireworks posed for pets .
`` When frightened by fireworks , horses and dogs have been known to injure themselves and others by running away , potentially causing accidents and damage to property , '' the spokesperson said .
Police said they work closely with the DME , and that penalties could get as high as $ 47,120 or six months in prison .
Additionally , causing the loss or injury of an expensive injured animal could result in the legal recovery of damages .
The DME said a calming shirt could help relieve a dog 's anxiety relating to fireworks , thunderstorms and gunshots .
The Star Wars actor will join the adventurer for an hour-long programme on ITV .
Actor Warwick Davis and adventurer Bear Grylls will join forces for a special programme that will see them brave the wilds of the Lake District , ITV has announced .
Davis , 48 , will tackle obstacles including gorges and cliffs as he partners Grylls , 43 , for the two-day outdoor adventure .
The actor , who appeared in the films Willow and Solo : A Star Wars Story as well as TV series Life 's Too Short alongside Ricky Gervais , will also have to endure a diet of unusual protein-rich snacks .
Actor Warwick Davis and adventurer Bear Grylls during their two-day mission around the Lake District ( ITV )
Grylls and Davis 's exploits have been captured for a forthcoming hour-long programme called Bear 's Mission with Warwick Davis .
Speaking about his adventures with the Harry Potter star Grylls said : “ This journey was such a special one for me .
“ Warwick smashed through so many of the stereotypes of who can adventure and what people can do !
“ He is an inspiration to so many and I am so proud of what he achieved on this journey . ”
Comedy actor Rob Brydon and boxing champion Anthony Joshua have both previously been put through their paces by the former Special Air Service trainer .
The programme with Davis continues the Mission brand following on from two series of Bear Grylls : Mission Survive for ITV .
David Harrison , the chief executive of production company betty who made the programme , confirmed that Grylls and Davis struck up an endearing on-screen partnership during filming .
Harrison said : “ It was a real privilege to see Bear and Warwick bond during this epic journey .
Warwick is a thrill-seeking adventurer at heart and threw himself , quite literally , into everything Bear had planned – always with a laugh , a whimper , or a full-on scream . ”
Bear 's Mission with Warwick Davis will air on ITV with a transmission date to be announced .
© Press Association 2018
Roger Federer marked his long-awaited comeback from injury with a confident straight-sets victory over Dan Evans to help Switzerland defeat Great Britain in their Hopman Cup opener .
The 35-year-old Federer , representing his nation in the mixed team event that he first won back in 2001 , needed only an hour and three minutes to dispatch Birmingham 's Evans 6-3 6-4 in Perth .
Belinda Bencic then secured an unassailable 2-0 lead in the tie for the Swiss with a 7-5 3-6 6-2 victory over Heather Watson in the women 's singles .
It was Federer 's performance that grabbed the attention though , with the 17-time grand slam winner showing little sign of rust despite missing six months of action with knee and back problems .
He opened the singles showdown with an ace before breaking Evans in the sixth game of the first set .
The British number three effectively handed Federer the match by dropping his serve in the second-set opener and half an hour later , the former world number one had put one point on the board for Switzerland .
Federer , who received a standing ovation from spectators at the Perth Arena , said on www.hopmancup.com : “ I 'd like to live it again . I 'm a little bit sad it 's over , because it was so nice out there .
“ I was actually quite emotional . I thought for a first match it was great , because my expectations were obviously quite low . ”
Nana Amankwah-Ayeh . A complicated name for a such a humble , simple man .
The senior running back began his career as a walk-on at Lehigh University but has since become an essential part of the program through both his leadership and skills .
“ Being a walk-on , people do n't expect too much from you coming out of high school , ” Amankwah-Ayeh said . “ There are a lot of scholarship guys who are very deserving of a scholarship and will get a lot of attention early on . ”
After the fall of his freshman year , Amankwah-Ayeh began to make a name for himself .
Lehigh football coach Andy Coen knew Amankwah-Ayeh would be a great fit for his program . Since his junior year of high school , Coen had his eye on Amankwah-Ayeh . However , when Coen went with another running back in Amankwah-Ayeh 's class , Amankwah-Ayeh had to apply to Lehigh as a regular student .
“ Spring practice was really when we noticed how well he was doing and started to think this guy could be in our plans , and it 's been that way ever since , ” Coen said . “ It 's been our goal every year to have an opportunity to get into the playoffs . We 've been able to accomplish that the past few years , and Amankwah-Ayeh has been a big part of that . ”
While Amankwah-Ayeh has made a significant impact on the field throughout the past few years , his leadership and character outweigh the touchdowns he has scored .
Junior defensive back Nick Thevanayagam said Amankwah-Ayeh is one of the most genuine people he has ever met and that he leads by example .
“ The first and most important thing to me is my faith and I think a lot of the values that I get from being a Christian allow me to treat people with respect and dignity , which are important to me , ”
— Nana Amankwah-Ayeh
“ If someone does n't understand something , then he explains it . He is very knowledgable of the game of football and is like a coach in that aspect . Sometimes the coaches joke around , Oh coach Amankwah-Ayeh can you explain this , ” Thevanayagam said . “ He is very good at helping other people and just a great teammate in general . ”
But his amicable personality goes beyond the field .
Amankwah-Ayeh attended Thanksgiving dinner at Thevanayagam 's home in Cinnaminson , New Jersey . Almost immediately , Amankwah-Ayeh became a part of the family . Ever since , Amankwah-Ayeh has texted Thevanayagam 's mom once a week asking how she is and how her day was .
“ ( Amankwah-Ayeh ) is someone you just gravitate to , he is just such a vibrant , happy person , ” Thevanayagam said . “ You do n't really see these qualities in people my age . ”
Amankwah-Ayeh attributes these “ characteristics ” to his dad .
“ Me and my dad are best friends , ” Amankwah-Ayeh said . “ He is the hardest worker I know . He grew up with meager beginnings and ensured that I would n't have to go through the same and is very commendable from that standpoint . ”
He is n't wrong .
Amankwah-Ayeh is a first generation college student . His parents are originally from Ghana and did everything they could to provide a better life for their children . Moving to the United States assured that .
Amankwah-Ayeh 's dad earned his undergraduate degree in England . He came to the U.S in the mid-90s to get his doctorate and now works for the World Bank . Amankwah-Ayeh was born shortly after .
Amankwah-Ayeh remembers when his dad used to come home from work , he would bring back different case studies and books and have Amankwah-Ayeh read them . This keened his interest in both finance and politics .
“ I think it is my duty as a citizen to be informed as much as I can be , ” Amankwah-Ayeh said . “ I think politics are really cool and a lot can be learned from them . ”
Thevanayagam could not agree more .
While they both tend to disagree on the same things , Amankwah-Ayeh is passionate about what he is talking about and educated on issues .
“ In our international relations class , he raises his hands every two minutes because he is so knowledgeable about everything , ” Thevanayagam said . “ He really cares about what is going on in the country . ”
This is something Amankwah-Ayeh learned from his dad .
“ I am very happy that he is my dad . He has instilled in me a lot of fight , belief in myself , grit and confidence , ” Amankwah-Ayeh said . “ He has shaped who I am as a man. ” “ I am very happy that he is my dad . He has instilled in me a lot of fight , belief in myself , grit and confidence . He has shaped who I am as a man. ” – Amankwah-Ayeh
A lot of this grit came from his parents divorce .
“ My parents divorced when I was 7 years old and it was the hardest thing I have ever gone through , ” Amankwah-Ayeh said . “ I was able to get through that and it helped me establish my emotional fortitude and be able to preserve through a lot more . ”
The divorce shattered Amankwah-Ayeh 's life . He said he believed it was his fault many times and that he blamed himself for it . He said that looking back on this part of his life , he is not happy that his family went through it , but there is a good reason as to why they did .
Through this hardship , Amankwah-Ayeh 's parents still managed to raise him through a set of similar principles .
His parents instilled in him a different set of values than most American children have growing up . This gave Amankwah-Ayeh a different perspective on culture and in life , allowing him to handle situations in different ways .
“ I think the biggest thing is that it helps me treat people differently based off of the values I was brought up with , ” he said .
A big part of Amankwah-Ayeh 's values are based in his faith .
“ The first and most important thing to me is my faith and I think a lot of the values that I get from being a Christian allow me to treat people with respect and dignity , which are important to me , ” Amankwah-Ayeh said . “ I do my best never to judge anyone from the decisions that they make or the actions that they take so I think I have a pretty open mind because of that ” -Amankwah-Ayeh
He said he believes that a lot of people are not very loving of their neighbor in today 's world and one of the biggest things he has learned from being a Christian is the importance of love in all situations .
“ I do my best never to judge anyone from the decisions that they make or the actions that they take so I think I have a pretty open mind because of that. ” Amankwah-Ayeh said .
Coen thinks that despite his presence on the field , Amankwah-Ayeh is most recognized for his guidance .
“ He is a great teammate , that is one of the main things we talk about with the coaching staff , ” Coen said . “ He is the type of guy you can count on , that 's Nana . ”
BERLIN ( AP ) — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather , torching some 7 hectares ( 17 acres ) of land .
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames . The neighboring field then caught fire , and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening .
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The marketing team at Northamptonshire County Council has picked up three national awards for a campaign to recruit foster carers and for its handling of the recent financial crisis .
But due to the extreme financial situation at the county authority , staff paid for the rail fares to the gala dinner in London out of their own pockets and the awards organisers waived the ticket fee .
The team won integrated communications campaign of the year at the UK Public Sector Communications Awards and campaign product of the year for their 1,000 shoes campaign . The campaign , which was the brainchild of a long-serving Northamptonshire foster carer , used shoes to create a banner appealing for new fosters .
The PR team also won crisis communications campaign of the year for the handling of the crisis when the authority went into financial meltdown earlier this year .
A spokesman for Northamptonshire County Council said : “ The UK Public Sector Communications Awards were free to enter with team members spending their own free time at evenings and weekends putting award entries together .
“ The entry for the crisis communications award was to reflect the hard work of team members in communicating what was one of the most significant events in local government in two decades .
“ Part of this was based on feedback from the media .
“ Two tickets were given to the team free of charge by the award organisers . This is because the team had won three awards but could not afford to attend .
“ Not a penny of taxpayers ' money was spent on attending the awards with staff paying out of their own pockets . No claims will be made for this cost either . ”
A spokesman for Do n't Panic , which co-organised the award , said the pr team were ‘ clear winners ' for the crisis management award .
“ The judges commented that this was an incredibly proactive campaign , which was open and honest .
“ They were impressed by the robust and model response to the financial crisis and felt that they were clear winners for this award . ”
Hi-Rez Studios is looking to hire an innovative Character Artist to work at our studio in Alpharetta , Georgia , on an unannounced project .
At Hi-Rez , you will have an opportunity to be part of an innovative environment that embraces new and different ideas . We are a passionate and enthusiastic bunch who love video games . We have incredibly talented individuals who are empowered to create and challenged to learn . All of this means more opportunities for you to unleash your creativity and dedication .
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE , Paladins , Tribes : Ascend , and Global Agenda as we embark on exciting new game projects !
Who we are looking for :
Create high resolution 3D sculpts of organic/hard surface . characters/creatures/weapons/props .
Create clean , deformable low poly models within triangle count budget .
Create optimized UV layouts while keeping texture size budgets and areas of visual interest in mind .
Create textures that meet the visual style and quality bar .
Generate different material types which adhere to instruction count budget while still pushing the visuals on assets created .
Work with Art Director and Character Team in technical/aesthetic problem-solving efforts .
Who we are looking for :
3+ years of experience creating AAA quality character assets for games , film or animation .
Portfolio demonstrating exceptional character designs with animatable topology .
Strong grasp of composition , color theory , value , form , scale , shape language , and silhouette .
Strong knowledge of human/animal anatomy and proportions .
Ability to embellish concepts with technical constraints in mind while maintaining overall aesthetic .
Ability to work collaboratively and communicate well with multiple teams outside of the Character Modeling Department .
Comfortable prototyping and working with iterative development process .
Comfortable receiving constructive group criticism and making artistic adjustments to meet performance guidelines .
Excellent work ethic , self-motivated , organized , and able to meet deadlines.A passion for creating and playing video games .
Preferred candidates have :
Brandfly provides holistic and personalised SEO services to Australian small and medium sized businesses . The company provides holistic solutions to ensure their clients get the SEO strategies they need .
[ ALTONA NORTH , 30/05/2018 ] – Brandfly , a trusted digital firm , takes an integrated approach and offers personalised search engine optimisation ( SEO ) services to small and medium sized businesses across Australia . The company provides holistic solutions to ensure their clients get the SEO strategies they need to meet their goals .
SEO Services
Increase your traffic and revenue with integrated SEO services from Brandfly . The company offers SEO services with a strong focus on real returns on investment ( ROI ) . With SEO services , businesses can boost their online presence and website traffic to establish industry authority both online and offline . The Brandfly team ensures that through comprehensive SEO , their clients will increase their revenue and see overall growth .
Giving the same level of service as larger SEO companies , Brandfly provides digital strategies without cookie-cutter methods and unreasonable rates . Their team of SEO specialists is well acquainted with the challenges most businesses face , and strives to give them the solutions they need .
Integrated Approach
Instead of working only through Google Analytics , Brandfly employs an integrated approach to authority building , traffic generation and reputation management . The SEO services Brandfly provides include :
Website Audit – Checking of site 's health and on-page optimisation opportunities
Keyword Research and Analysis – Studying competitors and learning how to beat them
Website Restructuring – Ensuring your website is user-friendly and SEO-friendly
On-page Optimisation – Improving rankings on search engines
Content Marketing – Enhancing audience engagement and your brand 's authority
Link Building – Ranking for competitive keywords and establishing authority with a strong backlink portfolio
Local SEO – Creating accurate listings and organic links to stay ahead of local competitors
Online Reputation Management – Attracting consistent traffic to the client 's website
About Brandfly
Brandfly is based in Altona North on the outskirts of Melbourne . It is a local creative agency that provides outstanding digital marketing services to rising businesses . Their expertise in small businesses gives growing enterprises the chance to reach their goals with holistic digital marketing strategies . They provide game-changing solutions to help their clients gain more traffic , boost sales and improve customer satisfaction .
For more information about Brandfly and other services , visit their website at http : //brandfly.com.au/ .
How does a rest home resident end up with maggots in his wounds ? Nicholas Jones investigates .
As a father he taught them to cook shellfish over a corrugated tin camp fire .
Now 86 , a failing heart had narrowed Evan 's world to a strange room smelling of excrement and dotted with flies .
`` Dad was at the stage where he was n't really interacting a lot . He might mumble and he hung his head all the time , '' recalled his daughter , Corina , who asked for surnames to be withheld .
Advertisement
`` When my brothers were there we would just sit there and chat . He could hear us . Every now and then if my arm was on the chair he would reach out and pat it . ''
He found his voice when Corina and her brother spoke of the need to keep raising problems with staff at Pukekohe 's Palms Lifecare rest home .
Nothing had been done about the flies , for example . As they spoke , Evan lifted his head and locked eyes with Corina .
`` He said , 'They know when you are coming , change your time . ' Then he put his head back down . My brother and I just looked at each other . ''
When Corina 's brother arrived the next morning a nurse was soaking Evan 's feet . He groaned and cried as tweezers plucked maggots from under his big toenail and between his toes .
`` My brother could see them in the water , '' Corina said .
`` Crawling up the side of the bowl . ''
A heart-wrenching decision
In childhood Corina and her siblings often fell asleep to a sewing machine 's whir .
`` Mum and dad tried to get farmhouses as the rent was cheaper , '' she said . `` So if mum milked morning and night , dad would go to work during the day . My mum also sewed for a company at night , so we would all go to bed as kids and you would hear her sewing .
`` We did n't have a lot , but we did n't know it back then . We were all so loved . ''
Evan worked as a mechanical engineer . He loved to tinker and invented contraptions , including a drilling rig that could be helicoptered into remote sites , and an early model road sweeping truck .
As well as their own kids he and his wife fostered many children over the years , working with social welfare and police .
The owners of Palms Lifecare says it takes the investigation findings extremely seriously . Photo / Brett Phibbs
The couple later lived with Corina for 20 years , helping raise grandchildren and changing tack after a diagnosis of cancer and then Parkinson 's disease .
`` Mum 's dream was to run her own cafe . So they got some money together and opened one in Pukekohe . They did that until mum 's Parkinson 's meant they could n't anymore . ''
Corina lost her mother four years ago . Evan loved the open road , she said , and thought nothing of driving his Chevy to Napier and back on a day off . But age caught him too , and after a second stay in Middlemore Hospital a family conference was called .
Their patriarch had an end-stage heart condition , pneumonia , signs of mild dementia and required a catheter . His heart struggled to pump blood to badly swollen legs . Ulcers developed and skin peeled away .
`` His wound care was way out of my league . I said to the doctor , my family and dad , that I just could n't do it anymore . I 'm scared to leave him and go to work , '' Corina said .
`` He was heartbroken , I know that . And I live with the pain of no longer being able to care for him . ''
Arrival at Palms Lifecare
Moving into aged care is something more of us will face . There are about 83,000 New Zealanders aged 85 or older – a number forecast to rise to up to 284,000 by 2043 and 467,000 by 2068 .
Evan qualified for terminal care funding , meaning he was n't expected to live longer than six weeks .
Soon his family had cause for worry . One Monday Corina found him soiled , with mess around the room . She said it took 40 minutes to get the attention of a staff member and nurse , and insist they shower Evan and clean the room .
Corina had to leave , but made sure her brother checked in the next day . He rang to say the room stank , and their father had faeces on his hands and up his back , with mess still on a chair and floor . He complained to the duty nurse , and again after still smelling faeces after a care assistant had helped his father .
Corina went in the next afternoon and said she was confronted by the same scene : `` there was still faeces on the chair . Faeces on his clothes . On the floor . ''
After another call to the nurse Evan was finally taken for showering , she said , and his bedding changed .
Pain relief was also a problem . Evan was mostly given paracetamol , and Corina said he lacked capacity to ask for stronger medication .
She believes he would have been in agony during movement and dressing changes – when in Middlemore he would cry out when a specialist gently blew on his legs to test his pain .
The same wounds wept which , in the middle of summer and with no air conditioning , attracted flies . The family bought a fan and an automatic fly spray , Corina said , after staff did nothing .
`` Sometimes they would try and put a sheet on him , but the sheet touching his skin hurt and he would pull it off . ''
When her brother saw the maggots he demanded a doctor , but was told the GP was busy that day . Corina arrived in the evening and said she had to insist on at least daily dressing changes and better pain relief . She was told the GP could n't come for another two days .
A nurse removes more maggots from Evan 's wounds . Photo / Supplied
In the meantime , she tried to find somewhere else for her father to go . That was n't easy , something she later raised with the DHB .
`` I had to go through the social worker – so it was n't going to happen that week or the next . How are [ Palms staff ] going to treat him once they know we want him moved ?
`` [ The DHB ] said they could n't take him to hospital . I should have somehow wheeled him out , driven down the road and called an ambulance . ''
`` Very upset @ 10.00 hrs ''
Distressed , on March 7 Corina rang into Radio Live talkback , which led to a visit by a clinical specialist nurse from Counties Manukau DHB . The DHB 's findings ultimately substantiated five failings .
`` The soft tissue care plan does not consistently document dressing changes so there may have been a period of time in the days before the maggots were found when the resident 's wound was not assessed and evaluated , '' the report noted .
That meant `` the eggs could fully develop into maggots without being disrupted '' .
Dressings were to be done every other day . However , they were only documented on February 6 , 8 , 11 , 18 , 19 , 25 and 28 .
On February 28 a file entry states the dressing should be reviewed in two days . Whoever wrote it underlined the instruction , but the next recording was March 4 – two days before the maggots were found .
Seven to 10 maggots were removed from Evan 's toe . Later that day a nurse washed his lower legs and picked out another four to five . The next day another was found .
Evan apparently was n't showered around the time his family discovered him covered in faeces , and the DHB found it concerning `` if this episode did occur '' it did n't lead to a continence review .
He fell twice and had one `` near miss fall '' during his stay , resulting in a forehead laceration and bruising . Care plans , evaluations and neurological observations were n't properly carried out in response .
Palms ' policy requires a registered nurse to document the progress of residents in hospital-level care at least daily . However , there were 10 days when no note was made , including two lots of successive days .
There were at least 12 days when only a caregiver made notes . When both a caregiver and nurse made entries , they could contradict .
For example , a caregiver wrote that Evan had stayed in the lounge all day without issue . The nurse entry recorded him as `` very upset @ 10.00 hrs '' , taking his dressing gown off , and convinced staff were trying to kill him .
A fluid balance chart was n't properly updated , and there was no evidence vital signs were watched as required .
Corina 's father weighed more than 85kg on arrival in December . By January he had lost 9.5kg , but there was no record of such a drastic drop being evaluated .
No weight was recorded for February . In the early hours of March 9 he died , weighing 70kg .
A watchdog with bite ?
Corina was disappointed the DHB could n't fully substantiate two aspects of her family 's complaint , including that Evan 's condition deteriorated over a two-week period , and that they could n't properly discuss this with staff .
She 's sure her father suffered a stroke but said the nurse brushed off her concerns and request for a doctor . Photos clearly show a serious deterioration , she said .
As Evan approached day 10 of his Middlemore stay the family learned the term `` bed blocker '' , a description for the mostly elderly who ca n't go home , but need to be moved on . DHBs fulfil a watchdog role over private rest home providers they also rely on to outsource care to .
Evan was moved from Middlemore Hospital to the rest home . Photo / Doug Sherring
Corina 's family received the DHB report via Heritage Lifecare , the company that owns Palms and 25 other rest homes , including the country 's largest rest home and hospital .
A Heritage representative gave the family a formal apology in person , and a copy of a media statement the company would release if necessary .
A spokeswoman for the company , now part-owned by Australian private equity firm Adamantem Capital after a deal in April , said existing procedures were n't followed and appropriate disciplinary action had taken place as a result .
`` The company obviously deeply regrets the incident that took place but is confident - and this is supported by the DHB independent review - that such an incident does not occur again . ''
Executive chairman and founder David Renwick previously told the Herald shortcomings were n't related to staffing levels or training . Despite that , a corrective action plan agreed with the DHB included extra education for care and cleaning staff .
Asked about this and other issues , Renwick said in a statement : `` we take the finding of these investigations extremely seriously and have reinforced to all staff at Palms and throughout the wider group the need to adhere to existing and proven procedures to deliver the very best care , in line with Heritage Lifecare 's standards '' .
Counties Manukau DHB is confident residents at the 120-bed Palms are safe . A spokeswoman said it will keep working with Palms to `` ensure an appropriate level of care '' . The DHB is satisfied changes are being implemented .
`` Counties Manukau Health does not take a punitive approach to complaint management , preferring a collaborative approach to ensuring that corrective actions can be robustly implemented and sustained , '' the spokeswoman said .
DHB representatives met with Corina on Tuesday , following Herald inquiries . She is confident the DHB will take another look at the unsubstantiated findings .
`` They are sincere personally and professionally in relation to this , '' Corina said . `` Broadly , it sits with our Government to facilitate the changes required . The DHB is restrained by funding and resources . ''
A broken pledge
Rest home certification audits happen every 1-4 years , and a spot audit occurs around the middle of that period .
The Herald has reviewed more than 1000 audit reports for the country 's 651 facilities , and found that since 2016 a third had shortfalls related to resident care .
Some of the failings outlined in the DHB report on Palms Lifecare come up time and time again in audits for other facilities .
The way Evan 's wounds were treated was n't good enough ; almost 100 other facilities have had shortfalls in wound care .
He dropped almost 10kg but no care plan was developed ; auditors found 30 other rest homes with the same failing .
Falls were not followed with the needed neurological observations ; since 2016 , 36 facilities failed to do the same .
There is concern the auditing process does n't pick up problems . The Human Rights Commission views the auditing system as `` inherently limited '' , and Consumer NZ wants it beefed-up .
The last audit for Palms Lifecare was in June 2017 , with no shortfalls identified – effectively the best result auditors can give .
Associate Health Minister Jenny Salesa says improvements in aged care are on the way . Photo / Mark Mitchell
Jessica Wilson , Consumer NZ 's head of research , said that showed residents could suffer unless a complaint was made .
The Herald has reported on complaint investigations at other facilities , including a lack of food and incontinence supplies , and a woman left shivering in a urine-soaked bed .
A 95-year-old slept in a recliner chair for 24 days because an adjustable bed was n't available .
Consumer , Age Concern and Grey Power want reforms including voluntary care guidelines , which include staffing ratios , to be made mandatory and the establishment of an Aged Care Commissioner – steps Labour supported in Opposition .
A week before the election David Clark , now Health Minister , said an Aged Care Commissioner would be provided for in a Labour-led Government 's first Budget .
That was delivered this month with no funding earmarked .
Associate Health Minister Jenny Salesa said in a statement that aged care was important to the coalition , but any future changes would be decided by all three parties – Labour , NZ First and the Greens .
`` This is just one Budget and we will be working together to find ways to improve aged care . ''
Salesa said a review of mandatory Health and Disability Service Standards which rest homes are audited against had started , as had a review of how the sector was funded .
Care workers will get a second wage increase on July 1 after the Kristine Bartlett pay equity case , which Salesa said was expected to reduce turnover , improve qualification and therefore provide better care .
A wide-ranging review of the health system , announced on Tuesday , will include how the ageing population will affect services and care . A final report is not due until 2020 .
About 36,000 people are in rest home and hospital care , and new facilities are being built across New Zealand .
Corina wanted to speak out to make sure `` the person who takes dad 's bed does n't have the same thing happen to them '' .
`` Dad did n't want to go in there . He was petrified . We promised he 'd be looked after . ''
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City manager Lee Clark has written of the financial troubles which blighted his time in charge of Blues .
Clark , who has just become Bury manager , has recently published his autobiography ‘ Black or White , no Grey Areas ' in which he has given his account of what were just over two seasons at St Andrew 's .
Clark revealed how Carson Yeung 's legal problems caused ripples thousands of miles away at Blues - as cost cutting became a huge issue .
The 44-year old also described how Blues tried to sell Nikola Zigic to help manage outgoings - and also explained the circumstances leading up to his public criticism of the Serbian striker .
For Clark the two problems were intertwined . “ What I did n't realise when I joined Birmingham was that the club were trying to balance the books , ” he wrote .
“ Yet the biggest bombshell was the owner , Carson Yeung , being put under house arrest in Hong Kong and having his assets frozen .
“ This totally changed the landscape of the football club and my hands were now tied . I could only bring in someone who had 75 per cent of the value of the player I 'd just sold .
“ I tried for a while to get James Vaughan to sign for the club . He and his father were big Birmingham City fans . It fell down because we could n't budget for his salary . ''
Black or White , no Grey Areas , is the autobiography of former Newcastle United , Sunderland and Fulham footballer , Lee Clark , penned by Pavel is a Geordie ghost-writer Will Scott and published by Mojo Risin ' Publishing .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Controversy over plans to build a new Aldi store next to a Birmingham beauty spot has risen over more than two years .
The German discount giant has been pushing to build a new store on the edge of a nature reserve in Great Barr since 2016 .
The multinational firm has taken another step towards securing permission for a new Birmingham store after offering £145,000 compensation for building on green land .
And it is set to come to a head in a matter of days with a crucial planning inquiry around the corner .
This is all we know so far :
What happens next ?
The council 's planning committee will be asked to agree this on Thursday , April 26 .
The report says that they still intend to fight Aldi over the loss of about 60 trees - which help tackle pollution and are an attractive feature on the roadside .
They will also challenge over the design - which has been criticised for being turned away from the busy Queslett Road with a car park to the rear .
Council planners concluded last year that rather than facing the road and being welcoming to pedestrians the proposed design presents ‘ largely blank canvass to the street ' and is car focused .
It appears that with fewer differences between Aldi and the city council that the store is inching nearer to getting the green light being built .
What is likely to happen ?
Our local government correspondent Neil Elkes said this :
The case against the Aldi store last year was one of the strongest I had ever seen in two decades covering planning affairs in Birmingham .
Planning is not a democratic issue - no matter how many local people disagree if a scheme complies with the various planning policies , guidelines and laws it gets permission .
Last year there were four robust reasons to reject it - not least the loss of green open space and trees - which gave the planning committee little option but to refuse .
The case against was overwhelming .
But now with two of those grounds - the green space and traffic concerns - seemingly tackled by Aldi through a little negotiation and revision of the scheme its prospects of securing planning permission have improved dramatically .
What is the history ?
Plans for the Aldi store have been controversial since they were first mooted in 2016 .
The German discount giant has been locked in a long-running battle over its controversial plans for a store next to the Asda Queslett store in Great Barr .
It was bluntly refused permission by the council 's planning committee in February 2017 and has lodged an appeal with the Government planning inspector which is due to be heard in May .
Where would the store be ?
The store was to be built on the edge of the Queslett Nature Reserve , which has protected status , leading to the loss of some green space and trees .
Plans have divided locals with ten letters of support for a new store completely outweighed by 35 objection letters and a 273 name petition against .
Aldi already has a major store a mile away at the Scott Arms junction .
What has Birmingham City Council said ?
The council listed four legal reasons for refusal - loss of green space , loss of trees , poor design and increase in traffic - but is now set to give way on two according to a report to this week 's planning committee .
What has Aldi said ?
The report states that Aldi has negotiated an agreement to pay £145,430 to compensate for the loss of the green space . It would be used to improve or add to green space nearby .
Aldi has also submitted further analysis of traffic conditions and agreed to pay for new road signs , cycle storage , pedestrian crossings and other road improvements to lessen the impact on traffic .
And means that planning lawyers acting for the city council no longer believe they can defend a refusal based on loss of green space or impact on traffic .
In 2017 , An Aldi spokesman said that the firms existing stores at Scott Arms , Kingstanding and New Oscott are “ over trading ” and they need another branch in the area .
THE saying `` new year , new you '' will ring especially true for Bundaberg in 2017 with plenty of things being introduced to the region .
From produce markets , a CBD revamp , new shops , the launch of tasty local beer and more , Bundaberg is set to have a lot more to offer in the new year .
Here is a list of just some of the things we can look forward to in 2017 .
An artist 's impression of the new markets .
1 . Lana 's Farmers Markets
It 's been described as Bundaberg 's newest social hub , eatery and produce market and it will be opening very soon .
Creator 's Cliff Crampton and Kellie Sheehy said they wanted to provide a unique space that offered two distinct types of markets : fresh produce and food during the day and an Eat Street-style during the night .
Positioned on 8800sq m , the markets will be all-weather proof and will feature stalls in large shipping containers , entertainment and plenty of parking .
Initial plans are to operate every Saturday .
The area , which is situated on Stancer Crt behind Spotlight , is in its final stages of construction and will open to the public in the new year .
The new neighbourhood shopping centre , to be known as Stockland Kensington , will occupy approximately 3ha of land south of Sugarland Shoppingtown , with access off Takalvan St. WORK BEGINS : An artist impression of the new Stockland Kensington , which is being developed on the site of the former Bunnings Warehouse off Takalvan St.Photo Contributed Contributed
2 . Stockland Kensington
The $ 30 million Stockland Kensington complex , situated in the former Bunnings building on Takalvan St , is on schedule to open in late March , 2017 .
The new centre , located adjacent to Sugarland Shoppingtown in Bundaberg West , will be anchored by a full-line , 4500sq m Coles supermarket and a 150sq m Liquorland outlet .
It will also feature The Reject Shop plus a cafe , sushi train , noodles , kebab shop , beautician and nail bar .
Work on the gas pipeline at the Bundaberg Port . Craig Warhurst
3 . Bundaberg Port Gas Pipeline
The $ 19.8 million , 28.5km Bundaberg Port Gas Pipeline to Bundaberg is set to be open in 2017 .
The multi-million-dollar project is part of a development agreement between the Queensland Government and Australian Gas Networks for the delivery and operation of the pipeline .
The Queensland Government has estimated the project 's construction would create 45 jobs , including about 15 local construction jobs .
The pipeline will have the capacity to deliver 0.7 terrajoules of gas per day above that required to meet Knauf 's needs of 925 terrajoules per day , it also had the potential to fuel new businesses and industries , and create further additional jobs in the area .
The pipeline is expected to be operational in early 2017 .
UNDER CONSTRUCTION : A skeleton of the Knauf plasterboard factory is beginning to take shape at Bundaberg Port . Mike Knott BUN250816KNAUF6
4 . Knauf Plasterboard
The world-leading plasterboard manufacturer announced its approval for the construction of the facility at the Bundaberg Port last January .
Knauf Plasterboard Limited is a subsidiary of the Knauf Group and manufactures plasterboard , modern insulation materials , plasters and accessories .
The family company has 225 facilities and 70 mines in five different continents with more than 25,000 employees worldwide .
The Bundaberg facility will hire 70 new employees .
Commissioning will be at the end of 2016 and beginning of 2017 .
SOLAR PLAN : Jack Dempsey and Adam Wyatt at the Rubyanna Waste Water Treatment Plant site . Photo : Eliza Goetze / NewsMail Eliza Goetze
5 . Rubyanna Waste Water Treatment
The $ 71 Smillion Rubyanna Waste Water Treatment Plant is the single-largest infrastructure project undertaken by Bundaberg Regional Council .
The plant , which will have a construction footprint of about 3ha , is on a 126-ha site and will be built with state-of-the-art technology with a focus on odour control and environmental outcomes .
Rubyanna , as a greenfield site , would incorporate the latest technologies that would provide the best community and environmental outcomes .
Mayor Jack Dempsey said all being well , the Rubyanna project should be nearing completion about November next year .
Tenders have gone out for stage 2 of the multiplex development . Mike Knott BUN191016MULTIPLEX3
6 . Multiplex
The Multiplex , at 1 Civic Ave , is part of the redevelopment of the old showgrounds .
The $ 15 million facility will also accommodate the PCYC , a three-court arena , gymnastics hall , gym , group fitness area and food preparation facilities and will be used as a major evacuation centre during natural disasters .
Stage two of the multi-purpose facility project is currently being constructed and includes the construction of the sports hall , stage and green rooms , main entry foyer , commercial kitchen , plant rooms , landscaping , bathrooms and function rooms .
The project is expected to be complete in October next year .
SKY HIGH : Trevor Walden captured this unique view of the ex-HMAS Tobruk being towed into the Burnett River from his helicopter.Photo : Trevor Walden
7 . Tobruk
Tobruk docked for the last time in December in preparation for two years of work that will allow her to be sunk off the coast of Elliott Heads and turned into a world-class dive site .
Work will begin next year with the Tobruk to provide a new tourism attraction to the Wide Bay region and a rise in domestic and international visitors to the region .
It will also provide much needed long-term , sustainable jobs for locals .
NEW ESTATE : Charlie Winter , Councillor Greg Barnes , Ron and Caress Lowe , David Cupit and Member for Burnett Stephen Bennett open the Bargara Beach Estate on Moodies Road . Paul Donaldson BUN091216EST2
8 . Bargara Beach Estate
A new estate in Bargara has officially launched , offering the perfect lifestyle for those lusting after luxe coastal living close to the city .
Bargara Beach Estate is situated just 600 metres from Kellys Beach on the corner of Moodies and Watsons Rds and , once all complete , will include 181 lots over seven stages .
The first stage of Bargara Beach Estate is now open with the second stage to be released early next year .
NEW LOOK : An artists impression submitted as part of a development application for new food outlet and seating area at Stockland Sugarland . Photo Contributed Contributed
9 . Sugarland dining precinct proposed
Stockland has revealed plans for a two stage outdoor dining precinct development at Sugarland Shoppingtown , featuring new food eateries , landscape planting and all-weather seating for alfresco and after hours dining year round .
The proposed development fits within Stockland 's master-planning for the shopping centre since taking full ownership in April 2016 .
HUMMOCK REVAMP : A $ 165,000 Hummock Lookout Restoration project is underway.Photo Contributed Contributed
10 . Hummock Lookout
A $ 165,000 Hummock Lookout Restoration project involves vegetation removal including weeds and invasive species of trees that was blocking a large section of the view .
The final stages include road widening , installation of a new shelter and picnic facilities , interpretive signage , new bollards and new seats .
The project is part of the State Government 's $ 3.2 million Scenic Lookout Upgrade Program , set up to help local council 's revitalise existing lookouts across Queensland .
HE 'S BACK : New Bundaberg Regional Council CEO Stephen Johnston is currently the Deputy Director-General of the Department of Local Government , Infrastructure and Planning . Chris Ison
11 . New council CEO
Bundaberg will have a new CEO when the year begins .
Former Bundaberg Regional Council deputy CEO and Isis Shire Council CEO Stephen Johnston has been appointed in the role , taking over from outgoing Peter Byrne who will retire next year .
Crystal Jones
12 . Pathway network
A 2.5KM EXTENSION to the region 's pathway network is underway with six location in Bundaberg included in the project .
Extensions to existing pathways will be made in Avoca , Milbank , Burnett Heads , Moore Park Beach , Bargara and Svensson Heights .
Cr Dempsey said local contractor Christensen Industries had already started work on the $ 500,000 pathway program .
It is scheduled to be completed by May 2017 , weather permitting .
RV FRIENDLY : RV homes , Caravan and Campers at Bargara Beach Caravan Park . Photo : Paul Donaldson / NewsMail Paul Donaldson BUN150716RV3
13 . RV Park and rally
The Bundaberg region is set for massive national exposure and a financial windfall in October with the announcement that the Campervan and Motorhome Club of Australia ( CMCA ) will be holding its national rally at the Bundaberg Recreational Precinct .
The event is tentatively booked for October 9 to 16 .
The council is also currently looking at sites in Bundaberg to locate an RV friendly park .
ROCK OUT : Di Wills , Laura Lingwood and Christie Marshke are looking for people to join Bundaberg 's first Pub Rock Choir.Photo Jim Alouat / NewsMail Jim Alouat
14 . Pub Rock Choir
This month , a group of music lovers will meet at the Globe Hotel for the city 's first Pub Rock Choir rehearsal .
Creative Regions producer Di Wills said the impetus for the choir came out of Bundaberg in Voice , a mentorship program where local singers and performers developed a cabaret show .
The first rehearsal will be at the Globe Hotel at 4.30pm on January 22 .
Visit www.creativeregions.com.au/events for more information .
OFFICE VIEWS : Rahel Clarke , Eleanor Carey and Dan Willersdorf at the new Generator Bundaberg Coworking Space . Paul Donaldson BUN101116OFF3
15 . The Generator
Bundaberg will get its own taste of New York start-up culture next year now that The Generator , a co-working space , has locked in a lease from Australia Post .
The space allows people to work in the 332sq m of floor space , 100 seats , 20 desk facility .
The Generator will start up next Sunday .
CBD INNOVATION : Council is looking for businesses keen to be part of an initiative to install small , relocatable platform structures called parklets.Photo Contributed Contributed
16 . Parklets
Transforming areas in the CBD , such as Targo St , into alfresco hubs could be on the table with Bundaberg Regional Council set to trial parklets in the new year .
The small , relocatable platform structures provide an extension to the footpath space that could be used for outdoor dining , entertainment or other approved activities .
Ambulance generic Trevor Veale
17 . Emergency services station
The construction of a new fire station , combined with an ambulance station , has started in Bundaberg .
Minister for Health and Ambulance Services Cameron Dick said the $ 12.6 million facility at Wyllie St , Thabeban , would accommodate a co-located ambulance and fire station that would be immune to future floods .
Practical completion is expected in mid-2017 .
NEW INVESTMENT : A 288-bed world-class hostel will be built in Gin Gin in 2017.Photo Contributed Contributed
18 . Gin Gin hostel
Stage one of a multi-million dollar backpacker hostel accommodating up to 288 guests is due to open in 2017 .
Mulgrave Investments is behind the project , which it says will be a `` world-class '' facility catering to `` both Australian and international backpackers '' .
The 4960sq m property will feature 144 beds and will be built at 2-4 Alpin Terrace , Gin Gin .
The city of Nanning in China has gifted Bundaberg $ 1.6million for a new Chinese gardens . Craig Warhurst
19 . Chinese gardens
Bundaberg 's sister city Nanning has gifted an extra $ 1 million to the region to remodel the Chinese gardens at the Bundaberg Botanic Gardens .
The money comes on top of $ 600,000 already promised for the project .
Stage one will include a new entry gatehouse , upgraded path and alterations to the bridge including a new balustrade .
BEERY GOOD : Bargara Brewing Company head brewer Andrew Clark with the second Great Barrier Beer creation for The Good Beer Co .
20 . Great Barrier Beer
With the popularity of their first fundraising beer skyrocketing , The Good Beer Co and Bargara Brewing Company have joined forces for a second time to produce the next round of Great Barrier Beer which is set to further aid conservation of the reef .
Melon Honey Kolsch is the second brew in the Great Barrier Beer repertoire , following the mid-strength IPA which was released earlier this year .
The beer is set to be released early next year with 50 % of sale profits would go towards the Australian Marine Conservation Society .
AMENITIES BLOCK : Cr Greg Barnes and Federal Member for Hinkler Keith Pitt at Christsen Park Bargara . Mike Knott BUN071016PARK9
21 . Christsen Park funding
The long-awaited funding for the second stage of the Christsen Park Bargara upgrade was recently announced and will see the construction of an amenities block , four shelter sheds , landscaping and play areas .
The park is situated at the Basin .
The Bundaberg CBD . Crystal Jones
22 . CBD revamp
BUNDABERG Regional Council is embarking on an ambitious project to revitalise the Bundaberg CBD and establish a premier commercial hub for the Wide Bay .
Cr Dempsey said the council had a vision to create the `` most vibrant CBD in regional Queensland '' .
NEW DEVELOPMENT : Land on Hughes Road , Bargara where residential development will go ahead . Paul Donaldson BUN270916DEV3
23 . Hughes Rd estate
A low density residential development in Bargara featuring a total of 86 detached houses has been given approval by the council in a bid to attract more people to the suburb .
Cr Dempsey said the Hughes Rd development would be built in eight stages , with the lots ranging in size from 602sq m to 994sq m , covering an 8ha block of land .
Alsons Consolidated Resources , Inc. ( ACR ) said Monday its net income in the first half rose 7 percent to P269 million from P251 million a year ago on strong energy sales from its power plant in Sarangani . ACR told the stock exchange that net income attributable to the parent company rose 63 percent to P85 million from P52 million a year ago , as revenues increased 12 percent to P3.58 billion . It said the main revenue contributor for the period was the 105-megawatt section of its 210-MW Sarangani Energy Corp. power plant .
I fully support your Morning View ( Irish must not be forced , by law , on the community at large , April 14 ) against a Irish Language Act .
Mr Adams talks about equality . Believe me there would be no equality , and no jobs for Protestants who could not speak Irish as far as public sector jobs are concerned .
If Mrs Foster is so keen on Irish then let her go and learn it and leave the rest of us alone .
She has already done endless damage with the RHI scandal and selling out the victims by her attending the McGuinness funeral .
The best thing Foster can do is resign before she is forced out .
She should never have been made leader of the DUP . A Culture Act is just as bad and discriminatory .
Terri Jackson , Bangor
This story is about Published 10h
How the Stars are showcasing the inclusive side of hockey this month Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Andy Jacobsohn/Staff Photographer Nicole Berinshteyn , 13 , of Plano , Texas , hugs Dallas Stars center Tyler Seguin while Seguin meets fans at Rally House in Dallas Monday March 14 , 2016 . ( Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News )
By Mike Heika , Staff Writer Contact Mike Heika on Twitter : @ MikeHeika
Uncle Ben got a lot right in Spider-Man when he said : `` With great power comes great responsibility . '' But he could have added that it also comes with great opportunity . The Stars are trying to seize that opportunity this month as they celebrate the NHL initiative , `` Hockey Is For Everyone . '' The team will celebrate on Feb. 16 at American Airlines Center in a game against the Blues where several groups will be both represented and honored . It 's a chance to sell their sport and also build some bridges . `` Our sport needs to be inclusive of every aspect of life , '' Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said . `` I love these initiatives . I love Hockey is For Everyone . I love the initiatives we do with the military and for various charities . Anytime we can create a sense of family , I think that 's the best part of our sport . ''
Why Stars feel preparations over last four summers have put them in good place heading into playoff stretch
Stars center Tyler Seguin will serve as ambassador for the month , and was selected because of the work he has done throughout the community . Seguin said he first really started to see his ability to help when his friend Derrek Moseychuk was paralyzed in an automobile accident in 2012 . The young center started Seguin 's Stars when he was acquired by Dallas in the summer for 2013 , and has expanded his work with Southwest Wheelchair Athletic Association to include work with Big Brothers Big Sisters , Boys and Girls Club of Collin County , and After School All-Stars . `` First and foremost , it 's an honor to get the privilege to be the face of it , '' Seguin said . `` Since touching down in Dallas , I 've tried to get the community into loving hockey , it 's been a passion for me . I think hockey is for everyone , so I 'm excited to get the call . '' The Stars are going to try to celebrate several groups of people , so there will be a lot of moving parts . You Can Play is an NHL program dedicated to `` ensuring equality , respect and safety for all athletes , without regard to sexual orientation and/or gender identity . '' The Stars will tape their warm-up sticks with rainbow Pride tape to honor the LGBTQ community and will then auction off the sticks with proceeds benefiting the Can Play Project .
In addition , players from the youth program will display how hockey can be a vehicle for fun and learning to people of different ethnicities , sexes and disabilities . Mostly , it 's a way to share stories and come together . As part of his outreach to the Southwest Wheelchair Athletic Association , Seguin played sled hockey with teammate Jamie Benn , and said the experience was eye-opening . `` It 's a lot more difficult than it looks , '' Seguin said . `` You get tons of respect for them , because it 's a whole different skill set and I did n't feel anything like a pro . ''
Old man in a young player 's game : How Dan Hamhuis getting his second wind has helped the Stars
Seguin said by interacting with fans , he has learned a great deal . His time spent with some of the groups that have visited after games often put a win or loss in perspective . `` The little kids who have never been to a hockey game , seeing them after a game and them being so excited , that 's been fun , '' Seguin said . `` And it 's not so much the things they say , but the smiles I see . Those are things I take home with me . That 's what makes it all special . '' The Stars are encouraging different groups to attend the game , make signs and make the night a celebration . While it 's difficult to squeeze all of the interests that fall into the `` Hockey is For Everyone '' category into one night , fans can take this opportunity to weave the arena into a giant Tapestry . `` I 'm a big believer in that any way we can enhance the way other people live their lives , we should , '' Hitchcock said . `` We 're the lucky ones , we get to play a game for a living . Any time we can include people or help people along , I think that 's good for us . '' Seguin was asked at what point he understood that being a professional athlete gave him a certain power outside of the game , and he said : `` I do n't think of it as power . It 's more opportunity . I think it 's an opportunity to be involved , and it 's important to be involved . '' Uncle Ben , it seems , would be proud . Twitter : @ MikeHeika
Talks between the DUP and the Conservatives about a deal to give Theresa May a Commons majority have continued for another day without resolution after unspecified issues delayed agreement .
An agreement had been expected on Tuesday but despite talks continuing late into Tuesday night no resolution was found .
The London fire tragedy yesterday morning took the focus off the negotiations , although contact continued .
The DUP is understood to be making a series of demands , some of which are financial and some of which may relate to specifically unionist demands further down the line even if they are not announced as part of this agreement .
The talks are expected to continue on Thursday , but a second set of discussions will also be taking place in Downing Street as the prime minister meets every one of the five main Stormont party leaders to discuss the Stormont negotiations to restore devolution in Northern Ireland .
The DUP was publicly silent on what is going on .
But Sinn Fein 's Stormont leader Michelle O'Neill continued to put pressure on the government over its looming deal with Arlene Foster 's party .
Ms O'Neill said : “ I will be making it very clear that any deal between the Tories and the DUP can not be allowed to undermine the Good Friday and subsequent agreements . ”
Secretary of State James Brokenshire will also attend the Downing Street meetings .
He characterised the discussions as a contribution to the three-week process to restore devolution .
“ The UK government is offering whatever support we can , working alongside the Irish government , as appropriate , honouring our respective commitments in the Belfast Agreement to serve the interests of the whole community in Northern Ireland .
“ There is very little time left . An agreement to restore devolved power-sharing government in Stormont must be reached by the June 29 deadline .
“ Ultimately , I think the parties understand people voted in the March Assembly elections for a strong voice at Stormont .
“ Northern Ireland 's political leaders now have it in their hands to take control and shape a brighter future for everyone in Northern Ireland . ”
Wednesday was a day of change for Labour and Conservative ministers as well as for the Irish government .
Owen Smith , who unsuccessfully challenged Jeremy Corbyn for the Labour leadership , was appointed shadow Northern Ireland secretary .
Chloe Smith , the Conservative MP for Norwich North , was appointed a junior minister in the NIO .
And new Taoiseach Leo Varadkar moved the Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Flanagan , who has been representing the Irish government at the Stormont talks , to be justice minister .
It has become increasingly clear that the Queen 's Speech to Parliament is likely to be delayed because of the DUP-Tory talks .
The speech , part of the State Opening of Parliament , had been scheduled for Monday .
In the Commons today , there were shouts of “ give us a clue ” and “ chaos ” from the Labour benches as Speaker John Bercow confirmed that he remains unclear about when Parliament will officially return .
The Queen 's Speech is meant to reflect the government 's legislative programme , something which will now have to be agreed with the DUP , given that the prime minister does not have sufficient Tory MPs alone to ensure that legislation can be passed .
Mr Bercow , outlining the process to swear in MPs , said extra time will be made available “ on the day of the Queen 's Speech ” although he was unable to offer a date .
Labour MPs could be heard making jokes about when the Queen 's Speech will emerge , with Prime Minister Theresa May watching on from the government benches .
Mr Bercow , to laughter , added : “ I 'm not in a position to divulge any further information on that matter . ”
Parliament is inching closer to its return with those elected on June 8 completing the formalities needed to confirm their positions as MPs .
All MPs are expected to be sworn in before the State Opening of Parliament to enable them to speak in debates , vote and receive a salary .
Mrs May led her Cabinet in retaking their Commons seats , opting to swear the oath of allegiance to the Queen rather than affirm .
The swearing-in process will continue on Thursday and extra time will be made available if required .
Sinn Fein on Tuesday dismissed speculation that they would take their seven seats in Westminster to help Labour block Mrs May 's Queen 's Speech .
But one British republican MP , Labour 's Paul Flynn , took the oath after saying “ as a republican by conviction and under protest , I swear by Almighty God ... ” .
CALL TO SAVE LIVES : Federal Member for Wide Bay Llew O'Brien on the Bruce Hwy at the scene of a recent fatality .
BUNDABERG Mayor Jack Dempsey has joined mayors from Wide Bay in lobbying the federal government to complete a deadly section of the Bruce Hwy .
Known as Section D , the area of highway is south of Maryborough near Curra .
Member for Wide Bay Llew O'Brien will lead a delegation on Wednesday to meet Transport Minister Darren Chester to fast track the highway work to four lanes .
This follows Mr O'Brien 's passionate speech to Parliament this week in which he also highlighted a spate of fatalities between Maryborough and Gympie .
Cr Dempsey will take part in the meeting , saying the upgrade of the Bruce Hwy was incredibly important to the Bundaberg region .
`` Enhancing transport opportunities for the agricultural industry and ensuring efficient access through to the Port of Bundaberg is of critical importance . As is the safety of motorists , ” Cr Dempsey said .
`` That 's why I 'll be joining with other local mayors to impress upon federal Transport Minister Darren Chester the need to upgrade the Bruce Hwy as quickly as possible .
`` We all understand that the upgrade will take a number of years to complete and that we will have to continue to look at how we 'll develop better transport options . ”
Hinkler MP Keith Pitt has spoken to Mr Chester about the upgrade , saying `` it must be fast tracked ” .
Mr Pitt said he supported the push to make the work a priority .
`` Improvements to any stretch of the Bruce Highway mean better access for freight , more jobs and safer conditions for motorists who might be travelling for business or for recreation . ”
Fianna Fáil has said that questions now need to be asked about the financial sustainablility of the Health Service Executives plan for the health services this year .
Fianna Fáil health spokesman Billy Kelleher maintained on Friday that Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and Minister for Health Simon Harris were “ attempting to use deceptive financial slights of hands to hide the clear gaps in funding for the public health service ” .
“ The HSE 2018 budget level represents an overall increase of €413 million ( 2.9 per cent ) on the final 2017 budget . The HSE also says there is a financial challenge within the operational service areas of approximately €346 million where they have to deliver savings .
“ That financial challenge amounts to 84 per cent of the 2018 increase . I have very real concerns that the proposed service improvements can not be delivered under these circumstances , ” he said .
Mr Kelleher made his comments after The Irish Times revealed on Friday that the Minister had strongly criticised HSE director general Tony O'Brien over its “ poor budgetary performance ” and warned him Government policy must be followed .
Mr Harris was unhappy with suggestions made by the HSE in a recent submission that it could face financial challenges of nearly €900 million this year .
‘ Stop obfuscating '
Mr Kelleher said Mr Harris “ must stop obfuscating and accept that it will be next to impossible to meet existing commitments based on Budget 2018 allocations ” .
He argued that “ way too much of the 2018 budget for the HSE is based on achieving value-for-money savings in the region of €346 million ” .
“ The HSE has , over the past six to seven years , gone through a significant period of fat-cutting . The idea that nearly 2.5 per cent of the 2018 budget is based on value-for-money savings just does n't stack up to me . ”
Mr Kelleher said it was obvious now HSE senior management were not confident that such savings could be realised and they were rightly highlighting that the budgetary process for the health service had been totally inadequate for the past number of years .
“ There are , I believe , questions to be asked about the entire 2018 HSE service plan and its financial sustainability . ”
“ Minister Harris needs to be honest with himself , the HSE , the Oireachtas and ultimately , the people of Ireland about what the HSE has the capacity to deliver in 2018 . ”
Live updates : State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens , prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here , as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information .
JAKARTA : Jakarta 's Christian governor looked set for a tough run-off against a Muslim opponent in city elections seen as a test of religious tolerance in Muslim-majority Indonesia , after a tight first round Wednesday .
Analysts believe incumbent Basuki Tjahaja Purnama , who is standing trial for blasphemy , is unlikely to win in a second round against ex-education minister Anies Baswedan , as Muslim voters swing behind Anies .
Purnama , once the odds-on favorite to win the gubernatorial election , held a narrow lead of about 43 percent to Baswedan 's 39 percent in the first round , according to early vote tallies by private pollsters .
Baswedan exclaimed “ Thanks be to God ! ” on learning of the tallies , adding : “ At the end of the day , the people of Jakarta want change… this is not about the complexities of politics , it is about what matters in life . ”
Third candidate Agus Yudhoyono , the son of a former president , was trailing far behind on about 17 percent , according to the pollsters . Official results will not be released for several weeks but the early tallies , known as “ quick counts ” , are regarded as reliable .
Local polls were taking place across Indonesia Wednesday but the race in the capital was the most hotly contested , with the top job in Jakarta seen as a stepping stone to victory in the 2019 presidential polls .
Run-off elections will be held in April .
The stakes in the vote have been raised by allegations that Purnama—the city 's first non-Muslim governor for half a century and its first ethnic Chinese leader—insulted the Koran .
The claims drew hundreds of thousands of conservative Muslims onto the streets of Jakarta in major protests last year , and Purnama has been put on trial in a case criticised as unfair and politically motivated .
He was not barred from running but his popularity was dented for a period . The vote is now seen as a test of whether pluralism and a tolerant brand of Islam in the world 's most populous Muslim-majority country are being eroded .
‘ Tense situation '
Any run-off between Purnama and Baswedan—who courted hardline group the Islamic Defenders Front , which organised the anti-Purnama protests—could stoke religious tensions further after months of dirty campaigning , analysts warn .
“ The two represent the main political forces in Indonedia , ” said Burhanuddin Muhtadi of pollster Indikator , adding that Purnama was supported by progressive and liberal groups and his opponent by Islamists .
“ The tense situation will continue until April — this kind of thing is dangerous . ”
In the unlikely event that Purnama wins and is convicted of blasphemy , which could see him sentenced to up to five years in prison , he would not automatically be barred from holding office and could avoid jail for a long time by filing successive appeals .
Authorities were taking no chances after the tense campaign , with thousands of police and troops deployed around the capital on election day .
Campaigning was marked by a flood of “ fake news ” which has mainly targeted Purnama , and included claims that a free vaccination programme he backed was a bid to make girls infertile and reduce the population .
Purnama 's troubles began in September when he said in a speech that his rivals were tricking people into voting against him by using a Koranic verse , which some interpret as meaning Muslims should only choose Muslim leaders .
The controversy is a high-profile example of the religious intolerance that has become more common in Indonesia , 90 percent of whose 255 million inhabitants are Muslim . There has been a surge of attacks on minorities in recent years .
Purnama won popularity for trying to improve traffic-choked and chaotic Jakarta by cleaning up rivers and demolishing red-light districts , although his combative style and controversial slum clearances sparked some opposition . AFP
AFP/CC
Images : Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire , which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Do you have one or more existing pension arrangements – a personal pension , retirement annuity or a defined benefit/final salary scheme ?
For decades traditional pension arrangements offering fixed income payments have been seen as the perfect foundation for a comfortable retirement but do their benefits still outweigh those of managing your own pension pot ?
The then-Chancellor George Osborne 's Freedom Of Choice reforms in 2015 were the most significant pension policy changes for decades , offering the over-55s the opportunity to have much greater say over the future of their money .
Initially , some people dashed for the tax-free lump sums of 25 % of their pension pots but now there is a wider debate over whether the pension benefits of more traditional schemes outweigh the more flexible options now available .
More traditional schemes , such as annuities and those offered by some employers offer an index-linked income , part of which may be payable to a surviving spouse or civil partner , typically 50 % .
It is interesting to note that former pensions minister , Baroness Ros Altmann , who is seen as an expert in the field , has gone on record over how she has personally taken advantage of the new legislation to make changes to her own pension arrangements .
It is important to understand your options . Ian Price , head of pensions at St. James 's Place Wealth Management will be presenting on the issues at Rhodes Wealth Management 's complimentary , no obligation pension event that will be taking place at Derby County Football Club on May 16th from 6.30pm . To register your interest in attending the event or to speak to one of our advisers , please contact Rhodes Wealth Management on : 01332 497670 , rwm @ sjpp.co.uk .
The value of an investment with St. James 's Place will be directly linked to the performance of the funds selected and may fall as well as rise . You may get back less than the amount invested . The levels and bases of taxation and reliefs from taxation can change at any time and are dependent on individual circumstances .
Rhodes Wealth Management
As a Senior Partner Practice of St. James 's Place Wealth Management , Rhodes Wealth Management Ltd. provides a wide range of wealth management services to both individuals and businesses in the East Midlands . Their focus is on maintaining a long-term relationship with clients and to provide them with a source of trusted advice as their financial needs evolve over the years .
The Partner Practice represents only St. James 's Place Wealth Management plc ( which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ) for the purpose of advising solely on the group 's wealth management products and services , more details of which are set out on the group 's website at www.sjp.co.uk/products . The
‘ St . James 's Place Partnership ' and the title ‘ Partner Practice ' are marketing terms used to describe St. James 's Place representatives .
St John is treating 19 patients after a tourist bus crash on a `` lethal '' stretch of State Highway 94 between Mossburn and Te Anau this morning .
St John spokesman Gerard Campbell said ambulance crews were treating 19 patients : two with serious injuries , one moderately injured and the rest with minor injuries .
A helicopter from Te Anau is at the scene and two more were on the way from Dunedin .
Polie said there were 17 passengers on the bus , including the driver and a tour guide .
Advertisement
Fire and Emergency New Zealand southern communications acting shift manager Ian Littlejohn said fire crews from Te Anau and Mossburn were working to free three patients still trapped in the bus , which had rolled onto its side .
Police said `` multiple people '' had moderate to minor injuries in the crash . The passengers who were not hurt were waiting at the crash scene for a bus to take them to Te Anau .
Motorists were warned to avoid the area as the highway was closed , and would remain so for some time .
The bus has rolled onto its side near Te Anau . Image / Google Maps
Police were called at 8.10am to the crash , where the bus was understood to have rolled on its side at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key .
SH94 LUMSDEN TO TE ANAU - CRASH - ROAD CLOSED - 9:00 AM THURS 31MAY
Due to a crash on SH94 Te Anau - Mossburn Hwy near Mavora Lanes Rd intersection the road is currently CLOSED . Motorists are advised to expect delays . ^JPhttps : //t.co/kM75nsfDZN — NZTA Otago/Southland ( @ NZTAOS ) May 30 , 2018
St John and fire crews were attending and three people were reported to be trapped , while multiple passengers were injured , she said .
NZTA said SH94 was closed near the intersection with Mavora Lanes Rd because of the crash .
NZTA was earlier warning road users about black ice on the stretch of road .
A woman who runs a nearby holiday home said she had not seen the crash but conditions on the highway were icy , especially in shaded areas , while it was also foggy .
'' That bloody gorge it 's lethal , '' she said of the crash site .
Motorbiker dies in crash on Anglesey
A motorbiker has died following a crash on Anglesey .
A Ford Focus and a motorcyle collided on Trearddur Road in Trearddur Bay on Wednesday morning .
The emergency services were called , including the Air Ambulance , but the motorcyclist died at the scene of the crash .
Sergeant Raymond Williams of the Roads Policing Unit said : “ Sadly we are now investigating this as a fatal road traffic collision .
`` Our thoughts remain with the man 's family at this sad time .
`` We are appealing for any witnesses to make contact with us as soon as possible to help with the investigation .
`` Anybody with information is asked to contact officers at the Western Roads Policing Unit on 101 . ''
A Las Vegas Valley couple is not only celebrating the Golden Knights ' big win . They 're also bringing home a miracle baby , who already shares a special bond with the city and the team .
Brad and Lauren Sugars were enjoying the music when shots rang out at the Route 91 Harvest Festival on October 1 .
“ Lauren , during the event , was actually hidden under a car , ” her husband Brad said . “ We lost each other for a period of time . ”
Both parents made it out safely . Then , two weeks later , Lauren found out she was pregnant .
“ It sort of helped us turn what would 've been a negative into something positive , ” Brad said .
The proud parents call it a miracle .
And as Lauren 's belly grew , so did the city 's love for the Vegas Golden Knights .
“ It definitely strengthened our relationship with Las Vegas , ” Lauren said . “ I think that 's the case for a lot of people . ”
The Sugars are huge Golden Knights fans themselves . Brad did n't even miss Game 4 against Winnipeg the day his daughter was born .
“ The baby was born in the morning so I could get to the playoff game in the night time , ” Brad said . “ My lovely wife said I can go so it 's great . ”
And they are passing on their passion for the team to baby Riley .
“ We ended up having quite a few Golden Knights jerseys , which is a perfect way considering this is how she 's starting her life , straight into the Stanley Cup , ” Lauren said .
The parents said a friend gave them knitted booties that look like hockey skates .
If your heart is n't happy enough after that # VGK win ... ( well , then you have no heart ) ... so here 's a CUTENESS OVERLOAD : we 'll tell you why this little girl is a miracle baby . And who her favorite @ GoldenKnights player is ! Coming up at 10 on @ FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/QbAzidmCMT — Tiana Bohner ( @ FOX5_Tiana ) May 21 , 2018
So from Route 91 to the Stanley Cup playoffs , the Sugars and this city have been through a lot this year .
“ I mean the city went through its worst , ” Brad said . “ But then it showed up its best . And Riley for us is an example of the best that can happen from the worst things . ”
There is a certain player they hope baby Riley can meet someday .
“ Number 19 , Reilly Smith , is going to be her favorite player ! ” Lauren said .
The baby 's full name : Riley Browne Sugars . Browne is Lauren 's middle name so all of her kids share the name , `` Browne Sugars . ''
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp 's first assignment as Birmingham City boss is as big as they come .
Redknapp , who will initially stay on until the summer , must gain seven points from the final three games to guarantee Blues survival .
And first up for Redknapp , following the resignation of Gianfranco Zola yesterday , is the small matter of a massive Second City derby against Aston Villa .
Here 's how Harry has fared in local derbies over the years .
At Bournemouth :
Redknapp did n't really come across too many local derbies at Dean Court during his first job as a manager .
He secured a league double over Exeter in his first full season in charge and recorded a 7-2 FA Cup win over Fareham Town in November 1986 .
His first taste of a South Coast derby came in the 1987/88 season when he masterminded a 3-2 aggregate win over higher league opposition in Southampton .
He did the double over Brighton the following season , but against Portsmouth managed a win and a defeat .
Things went pear-shaped in 1988/89 , suffering four defeats combined to Pompey and the Seagulls .
The Cherries were thumped 5-1 in an FA Cup tie in January 1991 in what was his last South Coast derby at Bournemouth .
Played 11 ( v P'mouth / Brighton / Southampton ) won four , drawn one , lost six
At West Ham United :
Redknapp took up the post of manager in August 1994 .
The Hammers lost 2-0 to Arsenal in Redknapp 's first London derby , but followed it up with a 2-1 win at Chelsea the following weekend .
Considering the context of his derbies in London , with Chelsea , Arsenal and Spurs regular opponents , Redknapp 's record stands up pretty well .
The 1999/2000 campaign was his finest , losing just once in the eight league games against Spurs , Arsenal , Chelsea and Wimbledon .
Played 63 ( v all London clubs ) won 23 , drawn 12 , lost 28
At Portsmouth :
Redknapp joined Pompey in 2001 , but did not take up the managerial reins until March 2002 when he replaced Graham Rix .
He came out on top in the games against Brighton , winning one and drawing one in 2002/03 .
But did not do so well the following season in the ones that really mattered against Southampton , losing twice ( including a cup game ) and winning one .
He also lost his last game game against the Saints , just a few days before joining them .
Played seven ( v Brighton / S'ton ) won two , drawn one , lost four
At Southampton :
Redknapp angered Pompey fans further by beating Portsmouth in an FA Cup tie at St Mary 's in January 2005 .
He lost their next league meeting though at Fratton Park in what proved to be his last South Coast derby , at least on the Saints side of the fence .
Played two ( v S'ton ) won one , lost one
Back at Portsmouth :
Five days after leaving Southampton , Redknapp rocked up at Portsmouth following the departure of Alain Perrin .
Reading was about the closest he came to a local rivalry in the three years during his second coming at Portsmouth .
Pompey won the home game 7-4 , in what remains the highest scoring match in Premier League history .
Played ( no derbies )
At Tottenham :
Redknapp immediately won over the Spurs fans by guiding his new charges to a memorable 4-4 draw at Arsenal in his first away game .
Fulham were the only London team to beat Redknapp in his first season at White Hart Lane .
There were highs - wins in consecutive weeks against Chelsea and Arsenal - but also lows , with Spurs trounced 5-1 by the Blues in an FA Cup semi final at Wembley in April 2012 .
He did at least sign off with a win against Fulham in his last game in charge of Spurs in May 2012 .
Played 39 ( v all London clubs ) won 18 , drew 11 , lost ten
At Queens Park Rangers :
Redknapp got off to a flier in capital clashes with the Hoops , losing none of his first four .
But that was as good as it got , with Rangers struggling against rivals even on their way to promotion the Championship .
Redknapp failed to win any of Rangers ' five derbies back in the top flight before he quit in February 2013 .
Played 15 ( v all London clubs ) won three , drawn five , lost seven
QPR 's 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace in December 2015 was Redknapp 's last derby game as a manager .
You can bet his next one on Sunday will carry just a little more significance .
Overall derby record ( league and cup ) :
Played 137 , won 51 , drawn 30 , lost 56
The unionist parties have explained their position on Dublin 's role in the Stormont talks .
The News Letter asked the DUP and Ulster Unionist Party what was their understanding of the Republic of Ireland government in the negotiations , and their reaction to that .
We asked two questions :
1 . Do you know what exactly the role of the Irish government is in the current round of talks aimed at restoring the Executive ( are they invited as observers , participants , co-chairs , etc ) ?
2 . What is the basis for involving the Irish government at all , and have you any concerns about it ?
The Ulster Unionist leader , Robin Swann MLA , replied : “ The Ulster Unionist Party 's discussions with the Irish government will be firmly on the basis of the three stranded approach and will not be allowed to stray beyond that . That is what we have done in the past and will continue to do so in the future . ”
He added : “ The Irish government have outstanding questions to answer on dealing with the past . So far we have received less than satisfactory answers so we 'll keep asking the questions until we do . ”
The DUP did not respond .
The Irish foreign minister Charlie Flanagan was at Stormont Castle on Monday to meet the Northern Ireland secretary and political parties , as he has been repeatedly during the talks .
Of the three “ strands ” in the Good Friday Agreement , the first – Strand One – provides for an Assembly and Executive to govern the Province . It makes no mention of a role for the Irish government .
Strand Two allows for the creation of a North/South Ministerial Council , to consider “ matters of mutual interest ” between the devolved Northern Ireland government and the Republic .
The third strand sets out the creation of two institutions – a British-Irish Council , plus a forum called the British-Irish Intergovernmental Conference ( to talk about non-devolved NI matters ) .
TUV leader Jim Allister MLA said the current talks process appears to be solely a Strand One matter , “ so I do n't see why he [ Mr Flanagan ] is there at all ” .
Meanwhile , Mr Swann criticised nationalist demands for an independent talks chair .
“ Sinn Fein have to realise that any posturing over the UK government 's role in the talks only sets a precedent should they themselves ever enter government in the Republic . ”
He added : “ Any futile pursuit of an independent chair will only hinder progress being made before the June 29 deadline . ”
MIAMI ( CBSMiami/AP ) – The Broward Sheriff 's Office wants to talk to a “ person of interest ” in the shooting death of local rap star XXXTentacion .
Broward Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Veda Coleman-Wright said in a news release that detectives want to ask Robert Allen what he knows about the rapper 's death . She says he 's also wanted on a felony warrant for violating probation for possession of flakka and carrying a concealed weapon .
XXXTentacion , whose real name is Jahseh Dwayne Onfroy , was shot June 18 .
Detectives said an SUV blocked the 20-year-old rapper 's luxury sports car in the driveway of a Fort Lauderdale-area motorcycle dealership and two masked men confronted him during an apparent robbery attempt .
Twenty-two-year-old Dedrick Williams faces murder charges . He has n't entered a plea .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
The Home Of Steroids is offering you the very best way to buy steroids online from the most reliable as well as genuinely affordable vendor .
One way or the other , if you are an avid gym goer , odds are , at a certain point , you are going to begin to notice that you are lacking in any progress . You can no longer lift bigger weights and you are no longer able to gain more muscles as well . And this is where you will be facing a choice – continue working out in this manner , hoping to gain at least something in order to make the most from the form or go with an alternative method and simply inject steroids in order to boost your muscles .
With that said , steroids are far less detrimental than the media wants us to believe . In fact , if you are going to use them properly and without exceeding the dosages that were prescribed to you by your healthcare expert , you are going to see only benefits and will not have to be suffering from different unwanted side effects . Still , chances are , you are going to be off looking for the ideal combination of price and quality and the best vendor , which will not let you down . If that is so and you are hence subsequently already searching all over the World Wide Web , hoping to discover the ideal alternative , which will not let you down , we simply can not aid but suggest you to certainly buy steroids online from The Home Of Steroids and for the best prices too . Indeed , regardless of whether you are looking for steroids that would help you on your cutting cycle or perhaps are more interested in gaining weight and bulking , you are going to be able to choose from the largest and most comprehensive collection of anabolic remedies out there .
Furthermore , The Home Of Steroids will allow you to Buy steroids uk for the most affordable prices out there and you will definitely be surprised with just how many products are currently available on the market in general . No matter what kind of fitness purposes you may have and regardless of what type of means you may be using in order to make the most from your needs and requirements , the given solution will not let you down .
About The Home Of Steroids :
The Home Of Steroids is offering the largest array of different steroids that will be perfect for just about any needs and requirements .
Contact :
Company Name : The Home Of Steroids
Email : support @ thehomeofsteroids.com
Website : https : //www.thehomeofsteroids.com
Californians have sharply increased their use of cell phones or tablet computers to go online in the last two years , and they are much more likely to use social networking sites . These are among the key findings of a statewide survey released Wednesday by the Public Policy Institute of California . It is the fourth in a series focusing on information technology issues and was conducted with funding from the California Emerging Technology Fund and ZeroDivide .
Nearly all Californians ( 92 percent ) say they have a cell phone , and 58 percent of them have a smartphone — up from 39 percent in 2011 . Most Californians ( 56 percent ) use their cell phones to access the Internet or email — up 37 points since 2008 and 16 points from 2011 . The share of Californians using cell phones to go online declines with age , increases with income and is much more prevalent among blacks than among other ethnic/racial groups .
Just over a third of adults ( 36 percent ) own a tablet computer , up from 14 percent in 2011 . Today , 32 percent of Californians use their tablets to go online — up from 11 percent in 2011 . Internet access with a tablet computer is more prevalent among Asians and whites than among other racial/ethnic groups and among San Francisco Bay Area residents compared to those in other regions . Overall , Californians are more likely to go online using their laptop computers ( 57 percent ) or cell phones ( 56 percent ) than their desktop computers ( 48 percent ) or tablets ( 32 percent ) . They are less likely to use their desktop computers than in 2011 ( 56 percent 2011 , 48 percent today ) . Fewer Californians go online with game consoles ( 16 percent ) or electronic book readers ( 11 percent ) .
“ Californians are becoming increasingly mobile in their Internet use , with double-digit gains over time in using cell phones and tablet computers and a decline in desktop computer access , ” said Mark Baldassare , PPIC president and CEO . “ Still , a digital divide persists that favors the young , wealthy , educated and whites over residents who are older , lower income , less educated and Latino . ”
Just 14 percent of Californians do n't use the Internet or email . About a third ( 35 percent ) say they are unable to because , for example , it 's too difficult or they 're too old to learn . Another third ( 34 percent ) cite a general lack of interest . And 23 percent cite cost or lack of access .
Nearly all Californians ( 86 percent ) use the Internet at least occasionally . Social networking now rivals the purchase of goods and services as the top Internet activity : Among all adults , 60 percent buy goods and services , while 57 percent go to a social networking site — an increase of 31 points since 2008 . More than half go online for health or medical information ( 55 percent ) or to do banking or manage finances ( 53 percent ) . Nearly half look for information about a job ( 48 percent ) or access government resources ( 47 percent ) . Fewer go online to apply for a job ( 40 percent ) , for educational purposes ( 39 percent ) , to use Twitter specifically ( 33 percent ) , or to contact a health insurance provider or doctor ( 32 percent ) . The percentage using Twitter is up 15 points from 2009 .
Latinos , as well as Californians who are older or less affluent , are less likely to engage in many of these online activities . Higher-income residents are three times more likely than those with lower incomes to contact a medical professional online , and Latinos are the least likely among racial/ethnic groups to do so . Adults with household incomes of $ 40,000 or more are far more likely than those with lower incomes to access government resources online .
What devices do Californians use for online activities ? They are as likely to use a tablet as a desktop or laptop for Twitter or other social networking sites . But they are far less likely to use a tablet or cell phone to do online banking . Few uses a cell phone to access government resources , apply for a job , contact a medical professional , or for educational purposes . This is important because 37 percent of cell-phone Internet users use mostly their phones to go online — a 12-point increase from 2011 . In this group , 27 percent say a cell phone is the only way they go online . Latino ( 60 percent ) and lower-income cell-phone Internet users ( 55 percent with incomes under $ 40,000 ) are far more likely than whites ( 22 percent ) and higher-income residents ( 20 percent with incomes of $ 80,000 or more ) to say they use mostly their phones to go online .
Digital Divide in Broadband Access
Today , 69 percent of Californians have high-speed broadband access at home . A digital divide remains among regional and demographic groups . Among those with household incomes of $ 80,000 or more , 92 percent have broadband at home , compared with 53 percent of Californians with incomes under $ 40,000 . And 88 percent of college graduates have home access , compared with just 47 percent of those with a high school diploma or less .
Across racial/ethnic groups , half of Latinos ( 52 percent ) have broadband at home , compared with strong majorities of blacks ( 71 percent ) , Asians ( 75 percent ) and whites ( 81 percent ) . Residents in the San Francisco Bay Area ( 80 percent ) and Orange/San Diego ( 77 percent ) are more likely to have a home broadband connection than those in the Inland Empire ( 68 percent ) , Los Angeles ( 64 percent ) or the Central Valley ( 60 percent ) .
Asked for their views on the value of broadband access , a majority of Californians ( 56 percent ) say people without it are at a major disadvantage when it comes to finding information about job opportunities or gaining new career skills ( 25 percent say minor disadvantage ) . About three-quarters of adults say lack of broadband access is a disadvantage in getting health information ( major disadvantage 45 percent , minor disadvantage 31 percent ) or using government services ( 40 percent major , 33 percent minor ) . Most Californians also say children without broadband access at home are at a disadvantage ( 44 percent major , minor 26 percent ) .
Californians Increasingly Mobile in Internet Use
Most Internet users go online several times a day ( 52 percent ) or about once a day ( 19 percent ) . They increasingly access the Internet from someplace other than home or work : 29 percent do so several times a day ( 17 percent in 2011 ) and 10 percent do so about once a day ( 6 percent in 2011 ) . Just 29 percent say they never go online away from home or work , compared with 42 percent in 2011 .
While the use of smartphones has increased across all political , regional and demographic groups , some groups are more likely than others to have them . Age plays a major role : 78 percent of cell phone users ages 18 to 34 have a smartphone , compared with 59 percent of those ages 35 to 54 and 33 percent of those age 55 or older . Use of a smartphone also increases with income and education level . Most cell phone users ( 82 percent ) say they use their phones to send or receive text messages . More than half send or receive email messages ( 56 percent ) or download apps ( 53 % ) .
What would life be like without a cell phone ? A third of cell phone users ( 33 percent ) say they would miss having one but could probably do without , while 36 percent say they could probably do without their phone , and 29 percent can not imagine living without one .
Most Parents Visit School Websites , Far Fewer Get Schoolwork Online
Nearly all Californians say it is very important ( 77 percent ) or somewhat important ( 19 percent ) for the state 's public schools to teach students computer and Internet skills . Overwhelming majorities across parties , regions , ages , education levels and incomes consider teaching these skills very important .
“ Californians believe that success for the future generation is tied to access and knowledge of information technology , with consensus that teaching computer and Internet skills is very important for public school students , ” Baldassare said . “ Many say that children are at a disadvantage if they are without high-speed access to the Internet at home . ”
A majority of parents of children age 18 or younger visit the website of their child 's school ( 30 percent often , 33 percent sometimes ) , and 37 percent do not . Among those who do not , 59 percent say the school has a website , 15 percent say it does not and 26 percent are unsure . Higher-income parents are more likely to visit the school website , and white parents ( 45 percent often , 38 percent sometimes ) are far more likely than Latino parents ( 17 percent often , 26 percent sometimes ) to do so .
Overall , the percentage of parents who receive their child 's homework assignments by email or on the Internet has changed little since 2008 ( 28 percent 2008 , 34 percent 2009 , 32 percent 2011 , 33 percent today ) . Most parents ( 67 percent ) do not receive their child 's homework assignments online , while 15 percent do so often and 18 percent sometimes do so . Among those who do not , 16 percent say teachers do send assignments online , 74 percent say teachers do not and 10 percent are unsure .
About half of parents say they use email to communicate with their child 's teachers ( 20 percent often , 28 percent sometimes ) , and half ( 52 percent ) say they do n't . Among those who do not , 24 percent say the teacher uses email to communicate with parents , 62 percent say the teacher does not and 14 percent are unsure . Demographic distinctions are sharp : 79 percent of upper-income parents and 69 percent of middle-income parents communicate with a teacher by email , while 75 percent of lower-income parents do n't . And 73 percent of whites do so , while 72 percent of Latino parents do not .
More than half of parents say they go online ( 22 percent often , 33 percent sometimes ) to help their child with schoolwork , and 44 percent say they do n't . About half of Latino parents say they go online ( 20 percent often , 30 percent sometimes ) to do so . The share of parents who go online to help with schoolwork increases with income .
Asked whether their child uses the Internet , either on a computer or cell phone , 84 percent of parents say yes . More than three-quarters of parents across income groups and a strong majority of Latinos ( 78 percent ) say their child uses the Internet . With Internet use widespread among children , how concerned are parents about online safety ? Most parents of young Internet users ( 67 percent ) say they are very worried ( 33 percent ) or somewhat worried ( 34 percent ) about their child 's safety online . More than half ( 54 percent ) say they have used parental controls or other ways of blocking , filtering , or monitoring their child 's online activities , and 45 percent say they have not .
Minority Say Government Should Do More to Improve Access
Given their views of the importance of broadband access , what do Californians think about the government 's role in improving access to high-speed Internet technology ? Most say the government is doing just enough ( 39 percent ) or more than enough ( 16 percent ) , while 26 percent say it is not doing enough and 18 percent are unsure . While most Californians say it is important for the federal government to expand affordable high-speed Internet access to everyone in the nation , just 17 percent consider it a top priority . Most ( 66 percent ) nevertheless view having a high-speed Internet connection as a public utility that everyone should be able to access , while 28 percent view it as a luxury that some people may not be able to access . Two-thirds ( 67 percent ) would favor a government program funded by telecommunications providers to increase broadband access for lower-income and rural residents through subsidies .
About the Survey
Findings are based on a survey of 2,502 California adult residents , including 2,001 interviewed on landline telephones and 501 interviewed on cell phones . Interviews were conducted June 4-18 in English , Spanish , Chinese ( Mandarin or Cantonese ) , Vietnamese and Korean , according to respondents ' preferences . The sampling error , taking design effects from weighting into consideration , is plus or minus 2.9 percent for all adults . It is plus or minus 3.3 percent for the 1,936 registered voters and plus or minus 3.8 percent for the 1,449 likely voters . It is plus or minus 3.2 percent for the 2,045 Internet users , plus or minus 3.5 percent for the 1,681 users of broadband at home , plus or minus 3.1 percent for the 2,087 cell phone users , plus or minus 4.1 percent for the 1,146 cell phone Internet users and plus or minus 4.7 percent for the 789 parents .
Click here to read the full survey .
Posted on June 12 , 2013 | 5:43 p.m .
Source : Fisher Family
Glory Fisher , who passed away June 4 , 2013 , taught the chamber music class at Santa Barbara City College for 30 years , accompanied many musicians in Santa Barbara , performed solo and duo piano concerts , was a pianist for the Santa Barbara Symphony , and was a noted piano teacher .
Glory is survived by Robert , her husband of 68 years ; Glenn and Randy , her two sons ; two grandchildren ; and two great-grandchildren .
Donations in her memory may be made to the Santa Barbara Music Club . Click here for information on how to donate .
Arrangements are by McDermott Crockett & Associates .
The prosecutor of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday called for the arrest and surrender of Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , who is wanted on war crimes charges for allegedly suppressing opposition to the rule of his father , former Libya ruler Moammar Gadhafi . On Sunday , Saif al-Islam 's lawyer said his client had been released under an amnesty law passed by parliament from prison in the eastern Libyan town of Zintan , where he had been held since 2011 . ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said in a statement that her office was trying to verify ...
read more ...
Published By : VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Microsoft has today released a preview of its Quantum Development Kit , to “ empower developers in the quantum revolution ” .
The kit – now available to download – has three components : a quantum programming language Q # , local and Azure hosted quantum simulators and a GitHub library of quantum focused code .
Q # ( Q Sharp ) is a high-level programming language with a native type system for qubits , operators , and other abstractions , and is fully integrated with Visual Studio .
To enable developers to test quantum algorithms and solutions written in Q # , Microsoft has included a local simulator in the kit available from within Visual Studio . The local simulator , which runs on the users development system , enables full debugging support , including setting breakpoints , and stepping into code .
Microsoft has also developed a scalable cloud-based simulator that supports simulations requiring more than 40 qubits . The kit includes a trace simulator to help developers optimise code to run on a quantum computer and estimate the cost of required resources .
“ Ultimately the quantum computer will allow us to go far beyond 40 qubits . We 'll be able to study complex molecules that today require longer than the lifetime of the universe to study on our best supercomputers . And it will take just a matter of hours or days with a quantum computer . Our quantum development kit enables you to write programmes for these large calculations today , ” said Krysta Svore , principal researcher Microsoft quantum computing in an introductory video .
The kit also includes libraries of Q # sample code , building blocks and tutorials authored “ by the industry 's brightest quantum minds ” .
Microsoft is engaged in a global race to build a functional quantum computer , and is pursuing a topological approach to forming quantum bits – qubits – using quasiparticles called non-abellian anyons .
Speaking to Computerworld in April , Professor David Reilly , who was appointed last year to lead the Australian branch of Microsoft 's global network of quantum labs , said the company had “ reached a point where we can move from mathematical modelling and theory to applied engineering for significant scale-up ” .
The company is bullish on its effort to build a useable quantum computer ; earlier this year announcing a multi-year , multi-million dollar partnership with the University of Sydney as part of an ongoing global ramp-up of research .
Svore added that the kit “ forms part of our differentiated approach to delivering a scalable end to end quantum system ” .
In May last year , IBM – which is pursuing a superconducting circuit approach to building a quantum computer – provided researchers access via the cloud to its five-qubit machine .
In March this year , in response to the fact “ quantum computing can be difficult for the computer scientists and software engineers to appreciate ” IBM made available a quantum API and SDK . It too has a quantum programming language QASM for direct construction of quantum computing routines .
The company has said its commercial ' Q ' quantum computing program would deliver paid quantum computing services via the cloud to users before the end of the year .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
North Korea , a small and poor country facing far stronger adversaries and the perpetual threat of its own collapse , would not seem a likely state to defy four consecutive American presidents . Yet it is precisely that weakness , analysts say , along with the country 's history and internal dynamics , that drives its leaders to pursue nuclear and missile programmes at virtually any cost – and that robs the world of almost any option to limit them .
Those factors , when viewed together , show why Barack Obama warned President Donald Trump that North Korea would be the gravest foreign threat he faced – and why a solution has proved so hard to find .
Vice-president Mike Pence , speaking in South Korea on Monday , cited Trump 's “ strength ” and willingness to use force , warning , “ North Korea would do well not to test his resolve ” . But Trump may find that North Korea is driven by dynamics more complex than can be solved with strength or threats alone .
When peace is riskier than threat of war
North Korea 's nuclear and missile programmes are central to a strategy meant to stave off a threat greater than any foreign adversary : the undermining of the North Korean system . For much of the cold war , North and South Korea were at roughly comparable levels of economic and political development . Both could claim , at least internally , to be the rightful government of the Korean people who had been temporarily disunited .
But by the 1990s , the South enjoyed a booming economy and a blossoming democracy . Communist governments worldwide were collapsing , and North Korea seemed likely to follow . Kim Jong Il , then the leader , responded with the “ Songun ” , or military-first , policy , which marshalled the nation to prepare for a war said to be just around the corner . This policy sought to explain the country 's shortages and rationing as necessary to maintain its immense military , to justify oppression as necessary to root out internal enemies and to rally the nationalism that often comes during wartime .
BR Myers , a North Korea scholar at Dongseo University in South Korea , wrote in a 2010 book on North Korean ideology , “ It is the regime 's awareness of a pending legitimacy crisis , not a fear of attack from without , which makes it behave ever more provocatively on the world stage . ”
Today , the country and government appear to be stable . But this came at a cost : a permanent state of near-war to stave off the forces of history that would otherwise tear down North Korea . Neither threats nor concessions from outside have proved able to override this calculus .
A perpetual state of almost-war
The Korean War , never officially resolved , was long deadlocked between the cold war superpowers . When Soviet protection fell away , North Korea became suddenly vulnerable against the vastly more powerful United States and its allies . Kim , unable to seek peace without risking a German-style reunification that would subsume the North under South Korean rule , sought to make any potential war too costly to consider .
The United States 's relative strength is also , paradoxically , a weakness . North Korea knows that it would quickly succumb to a full US attack , making its only option to escalate to nuclear strikes almost immediately at the start of a conflict
Missile and nuclear tests , along with what appears to have been a cultivated appearance of irrationality , put the onus on North Korea 's enemies to manage tensions . At first , analysts believe , weapons programmes were intended to one day be traded away in a grand bargain with the United States . But each round of provocation , in deliberately raising the risk of war , made the missile and nuclear programmes not just symbolically useful but also strategically necessary . After imposing such threats on its neighbours , North Korea could hardly drop these programmes without understandably fearing an attack . Disarmament , in this view , would invite annihilation .
A desire for extreme risk
North Korea 's calculus , analysts believe , drives it toward a specific goal : a programme powerful enough to survive all-out war with the United States . Far more powerful states , like Russia or China , dedicate billions in spending and decades of research to similar goals . Small , impoverished North Korea , unable to match their abilities , has compensated with a willingness to accept extreme levels of risk .
Its plan , analysts believe , is to halt any US invasion by launching nuclear strikes at the ports and airfields in the South where troops would enter the peninsula . It would then threaten to launch nuclear-armed intercontinental missiles ( an ability it does not yet possess but is developing ) at major US cities , forcing the United States to stand down .
Unidentified Korean People 's Army rockets displayed during Saturday 's military parade in Pyongyang . Photograph : Ed Jones/AFP/Getty Images
By edging up to the line of such a war , North Korea can also coerce its adversaries in peacetime . Denny Roy , a political scientist who studies Asian security issues , told me last fall that North Korea “ intentionally employs a posture of seemingly hyper-risk acceptance and willingness to go to war as a means of trying to intimidate its adversaries ” .
This puts the world in a quandary : How could any outside threat possibly exceed the risk that North Korea already takes on itself ? How could any concession remove the North Korean weakness that drives its behaviour ?
A hair trigger to nuclear escalation
The United States 's relative strength is also , paradoxically , a weakness . North Korea knows that it would quickly succumb to a full US attack , making its only option to escalate to nuclear strikes almost immediately at the start of a conflict .
North Korea also fears that the United States might seek to depose its government in rapid strikes against the leadership , a threat it seeks to deter with repeated warnings of a nuclear response . In this way , North Korean weakness constrains any US options . Punitive strikes , which might otherwise be used to chasten the country , or strikes meant to degrade the missile or nuclear programmes , would risk stirring North Korea 's fear of an all-out attack , leading to nuclear conflict .
The Nixon administration faced this problem in 1969 , when North Korea shot down a US navy plane , killing 31 . Though the president was willing to bomb Cambodia and Laos and proposed using nuclear weapons in Vietnam , he concluded that even a symbolic retaliation against North Korea would be too risky .
A unique tolerance for pain
Iran was persuaded to surrender most of its nuclear programme by sanctions , which put the government under domestic pressure from citizens who hated their isolation and poverty and from elites who foresaw huge gains from sanctions relief . But North Korea has proved itself capable of withstanding economic devastation far exceeding Iran 's .
In the 1990s , North Korea was plunged into a famine that killed up to 10 per cent of the population . But it neither succumbed to internal unrest nor sought to end the crisis by opening up to the outside world . The famine , Myers wrote , “ may have strengthened support for the regime by renewing the sense of ethnic victimhood from which the official worldview derived its passion ” .
“ Many migrants remember a widespread yearning for war with America during the famine , ” he added . This is why some analysts doubt that even the most extreme sanctions , including perhaps those imposed by China , could change North Korea 's calculus . Since the famine , though North Korea 's economy has grown reliant on Chinese imports , the country has overhauled its food system . It has responded to past Chinese sanctions with provocations , as if daring Beijing to test the regime .
An ability beyond removal
Some rogue weapons state , such as Iraq under Saddam Hussein , rely on imported technology or assistance . North Korea 's programmes , however , appear largely indigenous . This means that , while specific sites could be shut down or weapons removed by a potential agreement or set of strikes , the knowledge to reconstitute them may be there for good .
A soldier salutes from atop an armoured vehicle during Saturday 's military parade in Pyongyang . Photograph : Damir Sagolj/Reuters
If North Korea remains bent on acquiring a nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile , then no obvious action short of all-out war could completely derail this drive . Cyberattacks , for instance , can only slow its progress . North Korea is believed to have short- and medium-range missiles and rockets hidden around the country .
Strikes to rapidly destroy these weapons , analysts believe , would be unlikely to succeed before the country could launch at least some . Seoul , the South Korean capital and a city of 25 million , would be a likely target .
Any strike plan , whether to disarm North Korea or punish it , would have to ask whether this was an acceptable risk .
The high costs of a deal
Any agreement that North Korea would be likely to consider minimally acceptable would come at huge cost to the United States and its allies . North Korea would be likely to require :
* A tacit acknowledgment of the country 's right to retain its existing programmes
* A declaration that the United States considered the North Korean government legitimate and would not seek to topple it
* The lifting of sanctions
* The withdrawal or reduction of the US military commitment to South Korea .
“ They want to see the end of that alliance , ” said Joshua H Pollack , editor of the Nonproliferation Review , suggesting that North Korea has drawn inspiration from the way that the United States broke with Taiwan in order to normalise relations with China in the 1970s .
Pollack emphasised that North Korea probably saw this as a long-term goal to be accomplished over many years , rather than something to demand up front and all at once . Still , he said , North Korea may see this as the only way to reduce the existential threat that its weapons programme is meant to curb .
Any partial or full American withdrawal would risk sending the American relationship with South Korea and Japan into crisis , empowering North Korea and weakening US influence in Asia . Even if a president deemed these costs worthwhile , he or she might find the politics of such a deal insurmountable .
A drift toward disaster
As time goes on , analysts say , the risks only grow . “ If the current action-reaction cycle continues , ” Daryl Kimball , executive director of the Arms Control Association , wrote in a recent policy brief , “ it will not only diminish the prospect of denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , but it will increase the risk of a devastating nuclear war . ”
John Bolton , the Bush administration 's ambassador to the United Nations , told Fox News that the only “ way to end North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme is to end North Korea ” by bringing about the government 's total collapse .
Pollack , asked if he agreed , at first dismissed Bolton as a “ hard-liner ” , saying a war would risk nuclear devastation , but then he acknowledged that the assessment of North Korea 's determination was probably correct . “ They 're not gon na give this stuff up , ” Pollack said .
New York Times
The U.S. Army 's senior enlisted soldier said Tuesday he hopes programs that translate training into future civilian employment credentials and college credits will help the service attract the soldiers it needs to grow its ranks .
Army leaders are scrambling to ensure the service can achieve the guidance in the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal 2017 , which calls for it to have an active force end strength of 476,000 by Oct. 1 .
`` I think what is monumental about this task is this is the largest increase the United States Army is going to do without the aid of tools like stop-loss or a draft , '' Sgt . Major of the Army Daniel Dailey told an audience at an Association of the United States Army Institute of Land Warfare Breakfast .
In addition to the active force increasing by 16,000 , the Army National Guard will grow by 4,000 and the Army Reserve by 8,000 , Dailey said .
The service is also offering bonuses and other incentives to ensure it meets the 6,000 increase to its retention mission , he said . But it 's clear the effort will require more money in the upcoming budget for the service to bring in the additional troops , he said .
`` We are going to go back and ask for more money … that is exactly what we intend to do because we have to , '' Dailey said .
`` The NDAA did n't come with a budget increase because that budget was worked years previously , so we are ... working the request for additional funds for 2017 so we can pay the bill . We are spending money that we do n't have ; we are just borrowing it from the end of the year . ''
The educational benefits the Army offers will be a key part of its effort to attract additional soldiers , Dailey said .
`` The number one reason men and women join the military today is because of sacrifice and service , and the second one is because of our education benefits , '' he said .
`` And we will fight to sustain those benefits . ... We can not erode benefits to our soldiers and their families or we will put the all-volunteer force at risk ... we have to continue to invest in the soldier because that is an investment in the future . ''
The Army will continue to focus on finding ways to convert the training soldiers receive `` to real jobs in America , '' Dailey said .
`` The NDAA this year gave us the authority to credential those soldiers who have the jobs that translate to skills in America , '' he said . `` And that has value . Since 2008 , we have dropped unemployment compensation from over $ 500 million a year , and it landed at around $ 172 million this year . ''
The Army 's Noncommissioned Officer Education System will also give soldiers an advantage that will directly transfer to universities the Army has partnered with to ensure courses transfer for college credit , Dailey said .
This will begin when soldiers complete the Army 's Basic Leader Course .
`` We have already linked all of the requirements , so the only thing you should be still needing is a math , a science , and an English , which would give you an associate 's degree , '' Dailey said .
As soldiers advance through the ranks and attend the Advanced Leader Course and the Senior Leader Course , they will earn many of the requirements for an undergraduate degree , he said .
`` That way , in the future , a senior noncommissioned officer should have an undergraduate degree before they go to the Sergeant Major Academy , '' Dailey said .
`` So I think that we have got tell America : One , we need your sons and daughters to continue to sacrifice and serve because it is the right thing to do for their nation , but two -- when we send them home , they are going to be better than when we received them , and that 's our commitment to the American soldier . ''
-- Matthew Cox can be reached at matthew.cox @ military.com .
The Flint Water crisis maybe 3 years old , but it 's still a crisis .
Auburn Hills , Michigan that he is donating $ 1 million from the show revenue to The Community Foundation of Greater Flint to help with the Water Crisis .
Mars said ,
5:40
Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett 's anthem sit , backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener
2:09
Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on his fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks ' preseason opener
2:23
Food ran low at a rest home with no working vacuum cleaner and where incontinence supplies were n't available for `` days and days '' , staff told inspectors .
The claims have been denied by the company that owned the facility at that time .
During an inspection last year , health officials noted a strong smell of faeces and urine in some areas of Wakefield Rest Home , south of Nelson . Wounds were untreated and a severely cognitively-impaired resident was self-administering angina spray .
The 22-bed facility sold shortly after a final report on the problems , and the DHB is satisfied the issues are sorted by the new owners .
Advertisement
Health officials made an unannounced visit the same day as receiving a complaint from a resident 's family member last October 27 , including about staffing cuts and volunteers calling around the community for food donations .
Notes from the visit , obtained by the Herald , outline how no facility manager or clinical manager was onsite , and it was n't clear who was in charge .
In a quiet voice the cook reported many instances of insufficient food supplies , with stocks like marmalade and jam often running out . Staff brought in food and vegetables from home , the cook said . A fridge was opened to reveal one-and-a-half cabbages and a small amount of other food .
The officials met with a senior caregiver in charge of the 22-bed facility , who initially said care was `` fine '' .
`` Later in the discussion [ redacted ] said…'point blank , I am going to tell you ' , '' the notes record . The caregiver went on to allege :
• Carpet in the room of a resident contaminated with faeces could n't be cleaned as there was n't carpet shampoo . A family member who wanted to clean out a birdcage could n't as there was no working vacuum .
• There had been `` days and days '' without incontinence products . At other times staff were told to use only up to two pads a day , per resident .
• Staffing so low that there was no relief available if someone was sick or away .
Two more inspections were ordered after the screening visit , and a final report by Nelson Marlborough Health DHB produced on December 5 last year .
Twelve residents were assessed and had files reviewed . Ten had moderate or severe cognitive impairment , despite the clinical manager only identifying three residents with cognitive impairment .
A resident with severe cognitive impairment was self-managing a spray used to treat angina . This was of significant concern , given they had low blood pressure , and `` there was no evidence of appropriate assessment or monitoring for safe self-medication '' .
Another resident with severe cognitive impairment had two open and weeping wounds on their leg , which the nurse manager did n't appear to have been informed about . Another resident had open wounds , with no wound care plan .
Some residents had conditions including heart failure or chronic obstructive airways disease , but did n't have a plan to monitor these conditions .
Interviewed caregivers said the `` exploited '' registered nurse was overworked and on call 24/7 . One said it was `` diabolical '' there was only one registered nurse at the facility , and another felt bad asking for advice because of her workload .
A staffer said rostering had been cut to save money , and there was only one caregiver on during the weekend ( contradicting provided rosters ) .
Shortly after the final report in December the rest home was sold by Manis Aged Care No 1 , a company owned by Ashwin and Lowreen Mani . A provisional audit before the sale listed 15 corrective actions , two of which were high risk , and nine moderate .
Ashwin Mani , who still owns the Cameron Courts Resthome in Ashburton , said the allegations outlined in the DHB documents were completely false , and residents were well cared for .
Claims there was n't enough food , limited access to incontinence supplies , no cleaner or working vacuum were wrong , Mani said , and he could prove weekly purchases .
`` If those are in the media I am going to take this legally . Because this is not true . Why do you listen to staff , without coming to management for verification ? ''
Hilary Bird , new co-owner of Wakefield Rest Home , said a range of improvements had been made , including increased staffing , equipment and bringing fire sprinklers and alarms up to standard .
`` I know they have food coming out of the cupboards , the incontinence products are all up to scratch . Families are a lot , lot happier . Carpets have been cleaned , windows have been cleaned . ''
Simone Newsham of Nelson Marlborough Health said it was satisfied all the issues relating to resident care had been addressed , and the older people in the facility were now well cared for .
`` This has been verified by several follow-up visits with the new owners and we are closely monitoring and supporting the new owners to ensure the improved standard of care is maintained . ''
The Herald has reported on a number of problems at rest homes and alleged poor care . Consumer and health advocates are pressing Labour to act on policy held in opposition , including establishing an Aged Care Commissioner and updating voluntary aged care standards and making them mandatory .
A quarter of homes had medication shortfalls
Issues at Wakefield Rest Home concerning a resident left in charge of administering angina spray are n't isolated .
Nearly a quarter of all rest homes had a shortcoming related to medication management , a Herald review of more than 1000 audit reports released since 2016 for the country 's 651 aged care facilities shows .
Problems found by auditors include wrong doses or unprescribed medications given , expired medication and a lack of documentation or GP review .
Medication trolleys were left unattended at several homes , and one had unsheathed needles connected to syringes . A blister pack of medicine was found with the original resident 's name crossed out , and another name handwritten .
'We ca n't do it alone ' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori .
By Jimitota Onoyume
WARRI—Com-munities around Okpara waterside and Amukpe roundabout on Sapele- Eku Road , Delta State , have lamented the huge decline in their businesses caused by a bad portion on the road close to Aghalokpe .
Some of them who spoke to Vanguard pleaded with the state government to come to their aide , noting that vehicles now avoid the road because of the bad spot .
They said the situation was impacting negatively on their market and economic lives .
They said even though it was a Federal Government road , those suffering were citizens of the state .
Oyoma , a trader at Okpara Waterside , said : “ Because of this failed portion on the road , most vehicles in Abraka prefer to go through Warri to Sapele , or Agbor to Benin and then to Sapele . The bad road is having its toll on our weekly markets that used to attract people from Warri , Sapele , Abraka and other communities .
“ We hardly see people to buy our wares because one can count vehicles that dare ply the road in a week . Who will buy the things we usually sell in the market or by the roadside when vehicles do n't ply this route anymore ? ” he quarried .
As of early Friday , Noozhawk is running on the latest version of our ExpressionEngine content-management system — the database that contains all the stories , photographs , calendar entries and comments that you expect to find when you drop by for a visit .
For now , you should n't see anything different with our site . If you do , please let us know right away at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) and we 'll have our web development company , Hop Studios , jump on it . We think we 've tested it thoroughly , but we 're only human and sometimes computer code is n't the easiest thing to read .
Our upgrade was seriously overdue , and it 's made a vast difference in the efficiency and work flow on our system 's backend . It also puts us in a position to add a number of different features that have languished on our wish list . We expect you 'll start seeing those changes early next month , and we 'll keep you posted as we begin to introduce them . We 're excited about the new add-ons , and several are in response to reader suggestions . Thank you for that .
Once we 've crossed off a few to-do list items , we 'll be turning our attention to a site redesign and even more features to increase reader engagement with us . That phase is tentatively planned for late fall .
Thank you for your patience during our recent upgrades . More important , thank you for your steadfast and enthusiastic support . We could n't do this without you !
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
The Australian actor donned a full body wetsuit to catch some waves on Vancouver Island this weekend
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth spent time in Tofino last weekend and caught some waves . ( Instagram/Chris Hemsworth )
More and more actors and actresses are spending time in British Columbia , mostly due to Vancouver solidifying itself as Hollywood North for major TV and movie productions .
It 's no longer unusual to see famous celebrities eating at the same restaurants we frequent or hanging out at the same places we 've long since known as local gems . And with the influence of social media these days , many are also chronically their journey for the rest of us to follow along .
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth , known for his title role as Thor in the Marvel movie universe since 2011 , has kept himself busy this past week on the West Coast . He 's been spending time in Vancouver shooting the movie ‘ Bad Times at the El Royale ' , and last week shared a video view of his condo from high above Stanley Park .
RELATED : Chris Hemsworth loves visiting B.C .
A few days later he took in some Rugby Sevens action at B.C . Place and handed out a prize following the final match .
But this past weekend it was time for Hemsworth to head over to Vancouver Island and catch some waves near Tofino .
He posted to Instagram : ‘ Not sure if we 're robbing banks or surfing but it 's damn cold in Canada . Well worth it though , what a beautiful place ! ! '
According to his Instagram page , the 34-year-old looks like he surfs a lot — including with his young daughter .
And after spending some time in a full body wetsuit , Hemsworth made sure to warm up with a steaming bowl of Vietnamese Pho as he continues to conquer mountains , embrace challenges and push phoward .
ragnar.haagen @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Murray & Roberts ( M & R ) confirmed on Wednesday that it would be meeting with its largest single shareholder , ATON , to discuss the merits of M & R 's proposed acquisition of Aveng , which it continues to describe as “ highly strategic ” .
No date has been provided for the meeting , which is being pursued notwithstanding ATON 's stated opposition to the Aveng transaction , which it believes imposes “ significant and unpredictable risk ” to M & R .
Advertisement
The meeting will also proceed despite the German group 's firm intention to make a mandatory offer to buy , for R17 a share , all the shares in M & R it does not already own . ATON currently holds around 44 % of the JSE-listed engineering and construction group .
Engineering News Online was unable to immediately confirm with ATON whether it had indeed agreed to the meeting .
Advertisement
Speaking during an investor conference call , M & R chairperson Suresh Kana said that the board had noted ATON 's adverse commentary on the proposed Aveng transaction .
Nevertheless , a meeting would take place to “ discuss the merits of the potential transaction , with the aim of securing ATON 's support ” .
“ The Aveng transaction is highly strategic and has the support of the majority of M & R 's minority shareholders , ” Kana claimed .
M & R would , therefore , push ahead with the potential Aveng transaction , including securing all necessary shareholder and regulatory approvals .
In line with Section 126 of the Companies Act , shareholders would be asked to vote on June 19 to “ cure ” the Aveng deal of any “ frustrating action ” implied by M & R pursuing a transaction while the company was under offer . M & R insists that talks on the proposed Aveng acquisition predate the ATON offer and should , thus , not be perceived as an attempt to frustrate ATON 's bid .
However , the Takeover Special Committee ( TSC ) , which was convened to adjudicate complaints by both M & R and ATON regarding ATON 's initial offer and M & R 's response , found M & R 's independent board to be in contravention of sections in the Companies Act designed to prevent actions designed to impede , frustrate or defeat an offer . In a ruling , the TSC also barred CEO Henry Laas from making further public statements regarding the offer .
The TSC also directed ATON to withdraw its voluntary offer to M & R shareholders and ordered that it be made a mandatory offer on the same or similar terms to those contained in the ‘ Forward Sale Agreement ' entered into between ATON and Allan Gray . The M & R board described the ruling as positive for shareholders , as it removed the preferential treatment hitherto enjoyed by Allan Grey over other minority shareholders .
“ The board of M & R continues to seek to engage with ATON in good faith around the Aveng transaction . It continues to believe strongly in its strategic merits and its benefits for all shareholders and that the transaction is aligned with what ATON has set out as its strategic rationale for acquiring M & R , ” the board asserted during the conference call .
He added that it would also be seeking clarity from the Takeover Regulation Panel regarding the TSC 's ruling preventing Laas from commenting on the offer .
Members of the board and management team , including Laas , would participate in the meeting with ATON .
In parallel , the M & R board would review the terms of ATON 's new mandatory offer when it became available and would provide further guidance to the market should the need arise .
However , for the time being the independent board was advising shareholders not to accept the revised offer price of R17 a share , which “ remained too low ” . The board argues that R20 to R22 a share represented the “ fair-value range ” .
The board was also of the view that ATON 's higher price had not materially improved the prospects of minority shareholders accepting the offer .
“ Albeit that ATON owns 44 % in M & R , it has become increasingly difficult for ATON to find support even at the increased price of R17 , given that the M & R shares are tightly held among a relatively small group of shareholders , requiring ATON to enter into negotiations , ” Kana said .
The independent board recommended that shareholders “ take no further action at this time ” .
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 Detroit 49 20 21 8 48 128 147 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 San Jose 50 26 16 8 60 146 140 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Tuesday 's Games
Minnesota 3 , Columbus 2 , SO
Pittsburgh 5 , San Jose 2
Florida 4 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3 , Boston 1
Carolina 2 , Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3 , Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3 , Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3 , Montreal 1
Chicago 2 , Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3 , Dallas 0
Vegas 4 , Calgary 2
Vancouver 4 , Colorado 3 , OT
Wednesday 's Games
Toronto 5 , N.Y. Islanders 0
Detroit 2 , San Jose 1 , SO
Washington 5 , Philadelphia 3
Thursday 's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Montreal at Carolina , 7 p.m .
St. Louis at Boston , 7 p.m .
Florida at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Anaheim at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Los Angeles at Nashville , 8:30 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Calgary , 9 p.m .
Dallas at Arizona , 9 p.m .
Colorado at Edmonton , 9 p.m .
Chicago at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Friday 's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Detroit at Carolina , 7 p.m .
San Jose at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Saturday 's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia , 1 p.m .
Anaheim at Montreal , 1 p.m .
Detroit at Florida , 7 p.m .
Pittsburgh at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
St. Louis at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Winnipeg , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Boston , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville , 8 p.m .
Minnesota at Dallas , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Chicago at Calgary , 10 p.m .
Arizona at Los Angeles , 10:30 p.m .
The Santa Barbara Chapter of the Surfrider Foundation will welcome Dr. Edward Keller to its free , open to the public bimonthly mixer this Thursday , June 20 .
The talk , titled “ History and Future of Goleta Beach : Armoring and Coastal Science , ” will be held from 7 to 8:30 p.m. at the Watershed Resource Center at Arroyo Burro County Park , 2981 Cliff Drive in Santa Barbara . Pizza and refreshments will be served .
Keller is a professor of Earth science and environmental studies at UC Santa Barbara , where he has been a member of the faculty since 1976 . He is one of the foremost experts on tectonic geomorphology , the study of processes that create , among other things , the wave-cut terraces of the Pacific coast .
The author of several widely used textbooks on environmental geology , tectonic geomorphology and environmental science with more than 20 years of experience in public service and consulting on a variety of subjects , including erosion , coastal processes and landscape history , Keller 's timely discussion of the history of Goleta Beach and its present erosion problems , the options science offers for dealing with these problems , and his views on how we can plan and implement a solution that will reflect our values , should offer spirited discussion !
The Surfrider Foundation is a nonprofit grassroots organization dedicated to the protection and enjoyment of the world 's oceans , waves and beaches . Founded in 1984 by a handful of visionary surfers in Malibu , the Surfrider Foundation now maintains more than 50,000 members and 90 chapters worldwide .
The Santa Barbara chapter , founded in 1992 , is a local , all-volunteer ocean and watershed environmental group , comprised of surfers and non-surfers alike , working on public access issues , beach cleanups , school outreach programs , and protecting the beaches , water quality and open spaces that all Santa Barbarans love .
— Matt Wallace is an Executive Committee member for the Santa Barbara Chapter of the Surfrider Foundation .
The first effects of the Republican 's new tax code were felt on Friday , when changes to tax withholding tables caused some people to see more money in their pay cheques .
One of those people was Julia Ketchum from Lancaster , Pennsylvania , who told the Associated Press that her check went up a total of $ 1.50 per week , and she was happy about it .
For some reason , Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( Wisconsin ) thought that was a point worth celebrating when he retweeted the article on Saturday , and wrote :
`` A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster , PA said she was pleasantly surprised her pay went up $ 1.50 a week ... she said that will more than cover her Costco membership for the year . ''
Advertisement
Ryan later deleted the tweet , but before he took it down , social media users had a lot to say about it , and none of it was nice , reports Daily Mail .
US Representative from California Eric Swalwell asked Ryan over Twitter if Ketchum had all the facts .
He wrote , apparently addressing the Speaker :
`` Did you tell her how much the pay cheques of the 1 percent went up a week ? Or that hers could have gone up a lot more if you had given them a lot less ? ''
Some people on Twitter could n't believe that Ryan actually meant what he said , when he hit the send button on that tweet at 11.51 am Eastern on Saturday .
`` This is n't a typo ? '' wrote Andrew Kaczynski , a reporter with CNN 's KFile .
Colorado-based scientist Phil Plait shared a similar sentiment , asking , apparently sarcastically , `` This is a parody account , right ? …right ? ''
Paul Ryan later deleted the tweet , but not before he was mocked relentlessly . Photo / Twitter
Brian Schatz , a US Senator from Hawaii , shared his opinion of the answer to that question .
`` That tweet about the $ 1.50 a week is not a PR mistake , '' Schatz wrote . `` It is really what they [ Republicans ] think . ''
AmpliFire News editor Jordan Uhl responded with plain shock , writing :
`` Republicans are proud of themselves for [ checks notecard .... adjusts glasses .... squints ] someone making 21 cents more a day ? ''
When Uhl noticed the tweet was no longer posted , he called Ryan out in the thread , saying : `` He deleted it , like a goddamn coward . ''
Other users , like Cullen Crawford , took the opportunity to poke fun at the Speaker of the House .
Paul Ryan 's school secretary will have to work just 1,799 more weeks to save up enough money to be able to attend the next GOP fundraiser .
Better yet , the money will ( literally ) go straight into Donald Trump 's pocket , since the GOP is paying to use his property .
What a cycle . pic.twitter.com/ODvdrxfeMT — Matt McDermott ( @ mattmfm ) February 3 , 2018
The writer for The Late Show with Stephen Colbert posted a meme of Montgomery Burns , the notoriously frugal power plant owner from the animated sitcom , The Simpsons , telling his employee 's daughter , Lisa Simpson , `` Oh , do n't pooh-pooh a nickel , Lisa . ''
Cullen wrote with the meme , `` We go now to @ SpeakerRyan . ''
Previously , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( California ) was criticized for calling $ 1,000 bonus checks sent out by companies in response to corporate tax cuts , `` bread crumbs . ''
That large corporate tax break , and Ryan 's response to Pelosi 's choice of words , provided additional ammunition for social media users who were shocked by Ryan 's post .
Paul Ryan deleted this tweet , so he does n't want you to see it . Please , whatever you do , do not retweet this . pic.twitter.com/27c8sbl8rH — Topher Spiro ( @ TopherSpiro ) February 3 , 2018
HuffPost political writer Matt Fuller tweeted :
`` Paul Ryan : A secretary is saving $ 1.50 a week from the tax bill .
`` Also Paul Ryan : These are n't crumbs . ''
Senior staff writer for Upworthy and GOOD , Parker Molloy , thought the figure to be extremely comical when she broke it down into a daily figure .
`` You gave $ 1.5 TRILLION to the richest people on the planet , and you 're using an anecdote about someone making an extra 21 cents a day to argue it was good for the rest of us ? Hahahahahaha , '' she wrote .
$ 1.50 a week for 52 weeks equals $ 78 per year , times 125 million workers that equals $ 9.75 billion a year .
Yet the tax cut costs $ 1.5 trillion — with a t — over ten years .
Where 'd the money go ? https : //t.co/RQKEPM75GC — Matthew Yglesias ( @ mattyglesias ) February 3 , 2018
Vox 's Matthew Yglesias responded by running the numbers the other way , which did n't quite seem to add up , either .
`` $ 1.50 a week for 52 weeks equals $ 78 per year , times 125 million workers , that equals $ 9.75 billion a year , '' Yglesias wrote .
`` Yet the tax cut costs $ 1.5 trillion — with a t — over ten years . Where 'd the money go ? ''
Hey , $ 1.50 here , $ 1.50 there , and in a couple of millennia you 're talking about real money https : //t.co/WMEZ1pWNoC — Paul Krugman ( @ paulkrugman ) February 3 , 2018
Moments ago , @ PRyan deleted this tweet after we told him just how out of touch he was . Show Paul Ryan what you think of his tax bill . Chip in $ 1.50 now to help us repeal and replace Ryan permanently this November.https : //t.co/c3Fii4Q0Jn — Randy Bryce ( @ IronStache ) February 3 , 2018
Former Obama administration speech-writer-turned-podcast host , Jon Favreau , may have had the best zinger of all .
The political alum wrote :
`` As a thank you for passing a $ 1 trillion corporate tax cut , Paul Ryan received $ 500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers , which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco . ''
As a thank you for passing a $ 1 trillion corporate tax cut , Paul Ryan received $ 500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers , which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco . https : //t.co/piiWqzOEGo — Jon Favreau ( @ jonfavs ) February 3 , 2018
DailyMail.com was unable to reach Ketchum to ask whether she would be using the projected additional $ 78 in her yearly paycheck for a new Costco membership , or to pay for one she had already been using .
Presumably , if it were for a new membership , the secretary might be happy about potential additional savings she could enjoy , by buying in bulk at the wholesale warehouse club .
Of course , that argument ignores the notion that individuals who shop at those kinds of so-called `` big box stores '' do n't actually save money in the long run , because they end up buying things they do n't need .
In any case , Ryan must have felt some embarrassment over the tweet , because he ended up deleting it .
. @ SpeakerRyan serious question : the moment you realized you had to delete this god awful tweet did that phony smug smile that 's continually stuck to your face go away ? Asking for a friend . pic.twitter.com/1vckiQegAB — Josh Charles ( @ MrJoshCharles ) February 3 , 2018
Whether you saw an increase in your paycheck this week or not , it 's important to note that more money up front does n't necessarily mean you 'll get to keep it , come tax time .
Be aware that right now , it 's the effect of changes to individual paycheck withholding amounts that workers are seeing .
While these changes are meant to anticipate what effect the entire code will likely have on a worker 's yearly tax liability , that 's not guaranteed , because lots of other changes to the tax code also went into effect .
President Donald Trump signed the tax bill into law on December 22 . Photo / AP
That means a person 's overall tax bill at end of year might be different and lower than it has been in year 's past , but it also might stay the same , or even require that money be paid back , if not enough was withheld by that person 's employer , throughout the year .
Other tax code changes that will impact that bottom line include that the standard deduction has been doubled , but the personal exemption has been dropped .
`` For families with fewer than three dependent kids , that 's probably a net gain , '' Rick Newman said in a column , writing for Yahoo Finance .
`` But for larger families it could push up their taxable income and their total tax bill . ''
I feel like people keep forgetting , because of all the other bad things about him , that Paul Ryan is dumb . — Mark Harris ( @ MarkHarrisNYC ) February 3 , 2018
Deductions for state and local taxes are also now capped at $ 10,000 , which is a pretty big change for those in higher income brackets that pay state tax on that income , and for those with high state and local property or school taxes .
These kinds of deductions are n't factored into what your employer automatically withholds from your paycheck .
It 's possible these new default withholding amounts may leave some underpaying , with a tax bill to even things out when they file for the 2018 year .
Individuals can still ask their employers to withhold more taxes from each paycheck if they like , if that 's a concern for them .
This new tax overhaul passed the Senate with a vote of 51-48 , with all yes votes coming from Republicans .
Paul Ryan deleted his embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because he and Republicans do n't want you to know the truth : the # GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1 % at your expense .
He also does n't want you to know he got $ 500.000.00 from the Koch family . pic.twitter.com/ENXxASfAMP — Nancy Pelosi ( @ TeamPelosi ) February 3 , 2018
Sen. John McCain of Arizona is the only Senate Republican who did not vote for the bill , because he abstained from voting at all .
Every Senate Democrat voted no .
The bill passed the House with a vote of 227-203 , again with all yes votes coming from Republicans .
No votes came from 12 Republicans and 191 Democrats , with two Democrats abstaining from the vote .
Trump signed the tax bill into law on December 22 .
GORHAM – Scarborough 's Sam Neugebauer heaped up seven goals vs. the Rams at USM 's Hannaford field on Saturday afternoon , April 15 , leading his boys to victory in a season-opening rivalry bout . The Storm offense worked a ferocious number on Gorham 's defense , allowing Neugebauer to snipe point after point for a 15-9 final .
Scarborough head coach Joe Hezlep praised Neugebauer . “ This is 12 years of me coaching Neuge , ” Hezlep said . “ I 've known Sam since he was knee-high to a duck . He can get away with a few things the other kids ca n't , and when you put it on film and see the results , it 's hard to argue with . ”
“ It 's a great learning experience , ” said Rams head coach Dan Soule . “ We 're early . We 've had a couple weeks of practice , and we 've got a lot of guys who did n't even play varsity last year…We know we 're not going to be the same team in two weeks , five weeks ; we know we 're going to get better , and , once we actually get outside on our field , we 'll get some better reps and some better prep for our next game . ”
Scarborough kicked off the scoring with three in a row : Cam Thibault added the team 's first just under three minutes in , Drew Cusson added their second a minute and half later , and Mason Parks added their third less than a minute after that . Clearly , the Storm had caught Gorham a bit off their guard .
“ We did a better job today of not settling for a weak shot , of continuing to work hard to find a better shot , ” Hezlep said . “ We watched both films from last year 's Gorham games , and we went over both shot charts , and we could see that if we took a bad shot against [ Gorham goalie Carter Landry ] , it did n't have a chance…He is so all over those , sometimes it 's not even worth shooting . ”
“ Carter could n't have done anything , ” Soule said . “ It 's the six guys in front of him , needed to do a better job of protecting him topside , making sure [ Scarborough ] did n't get on top of us to get those shots off , which they did . ”
Soule called timeout after the Storm 's opening barrage . He tried to settle his boys , and instructed them to fight harder . The pep-talk worked : When the Rams returned to the field , they promptly took control , settling into a comfortable attack pattern for the first time all afternoon .
Finally , with roughly five minutes remaining in the opening quarter , Dom Lorello put Gorham on the board , blasting a point past Scarborough netminder Dominic Joy from the outside-right . 45 seconds later , Ram Sam Burghardt – a key newcomer to the Gorham squad – escaped with the ball up the right side of the field ; Burghardt soon dished forward to Lorello for a quick redirect past Joy . Then , with 3:39 to play before the buzzer , Chris Tucker capped the Rams ' resurgence on a quick , underhand scoop-shot .
Not for long , however , would the scoreboard read even-stevens . Neugebauer closed the quarter with a Scarborough pair , one from the top-right at 3:15 and another after curling around the Gorham net with a mere 6.5 second to play .
Lorello opened the second with a man-up notch for the Rams , keeping them hot on their visitors ' heels at 5-4 – but Neugebauer soon responded , completing his ( first ) hat trick . Brady Rioux for Gorham and Marco Manfra for Scarborough then traded points , before Neugebauer struck again .
Neugebauer , it seemed , was the straw likeliest to break the Rams ' collective back . Gorham defensive standout Mat Anderson clung admirably to Neugebauer all afternoon , but the Storm 's speedy ball movement and Neugebauer 's own ability to slink into open territory , receive a quick pass and fire with nil setup simply proved overwhelming .
“ The matchup was great , ” Soule said of Anderson vs. Neugebauer . “ The issue was n't the matchup one-on-one ; the issue was more the off-ball defense . ”
“ Mat Anderson is one of the best defenders in the State , ” said Hezlep ; “ he does a great job on-ball . I think the big difference today was [ Marc Guerrette ] and Marco , who were able to initiate and [ force Gorham 's ] defense to have to help , and Sam was able to just catch the ball and shoot it…When he 's catching it and getting a chance to square to the net , he 's pretty tough to stop . ”
Jake Dupuis added one for Gorham with 4:36 remaining before the break , but Neugebauer answered a mere 11 seconds later . Soule again called timeout . Shortly after the teams ' return to the field , the Rams went man-up on a hard Scarborough push to Alex York , but Gorham could n't ultimately convert and the score stood 9-6 at the half .
The third quarter belonged to the Storm . Scarborough outpaced the Rams 4-1 in those 12 minutes , prying open a 13-7 advantage on contributions by Neugebauer , Andrew Granzier and Guerrette . Gorham 's lone tally during the stretch came from Alex York .
Unless the Rams could pull a seven-goal rabbit from their helmets in the fourth , it appeared the day would go against them . Alas , they could n't , and it did : The teams split the final quarter , hashing two goals apiece – Scarborough 's by Manfra and the Rams ' by York and Cam Wright – for the 15-9 result .
“ They kept doing what they were doing , ” Soule said of Scarborough 's approach in the latter half , “ heavy cuts from up top , moving the ball , going open-set and rotating in and out , which we did n't react to well . ”
Hezlep did n't expect the game to end in quite the way it did . “ I honestly think the reason the score got that way was because it was sloppy on both ends , ” he said . “ All three phases of the game for both teams , I do n't think either coach is going to be like , ‘ That was a great game . '
“ We happened to finish a few more opportunities than they did , but also , when you look at our roster , we return a lot of kids that have that experience , and they 've got some guys just learning . Coach Soule 's going to do a great job , and they 're going to grow fast…but week one , this year , it might 've benefited us a bit , just having that . ”
Among the tactical keys for Scarborough was holding the Rams ' big scorers – including York and Wright – at bay . “ We just had to understand where they were , ” Hezlep said . “ Early on , we did not do good job of that , and they actually created a lot of offense , whether it was them breaking a guy down and forcing us to help and we did n't help correctly . But we settled down , went back to basics . ”
“ We needed to move the ball more , ” Soule said of the Storm 's shutting down his big scorers . “ We did n't do a great job of running the ball and moving the ball , which made it easier for their defense . ”
Scarborough jumps out to a promising 1-0 start on the season ; the reigning State Champions ( and the early favorites this time around ) face off next at South Portland on Friday , April 21 .
Gorham , meanwhile , slips to 0-1 . They travel to Biddeford on the 21st .
Adam Birt can be reached at abirt @ keepmecurrent.com . Follow him on Twitter @ CurrentSportsME .
Marc Guerrette cuts in toward the Gorham goal on the attack for Scarborough .
Scarborough 's Cam Thibault and Gorham 's Adam McKenney do battle .
Scarborough 's Sam Neugeubauer and Gorham 's Mat Anderson locked horns all game .
Storm defender Ryan McDonnell keeps close to Ram attackman Alex York .
Gorham 's Jake Dupuis faces off with Scarborough 's Mason Parks .
British luxury sports carmaker Aston Martin took the covers off its new Vantage , along with its racing version , the Vantage GTE , last November , replacing the previous generation Ian Callum designed Vantage that was around in the market since 2005 .
With the old Vantage being the bestselling model in Aston Martin 's 104-year history , the newer model has a lot to live up to , and expectations for the newer model are high from critics and fans alike .
“ Creating a worthy successor has been a challenge to relish and a huge source of motivation . I 'm enormously excited by what we 've created : a new Vantage that 's more explicit in looks and intent , wrapping heart-pounding performance and dazzling dynamics into an everyday usable package . A true sports car with a sharper look and a keener dynamic edge , the new Vantage is the Aston Martin pure driving machine enthusiasts have been waiting for , ” Aston Martin Chief Executive Officer Andy Palmer said in a statement .
The new Vantage follows the new design language that started with the DB10 , which is a one-off special model . Hints of the DB10 can be found in the front fascia , especially the new headlight design that kickstarted a new era of design for the British marque . The gaping grille shaped like the silhouette of the iconic wings badge allows copious amounts of air into the engine bay , while a front splitter allows air to flow underneath the car through air channels , and into the rear diffuser , generating downforce . New side gills release air pressure from the front wheel arches which also cools down the brakes , and an upswept rear deck lid allow for more downforce , without having to resort to a rear spoiler . A new taillight design evokes memories from the extreme track-only Vulcan .
Inside the Vantage is a plethora of sharp lines and contours , which give the car a more aggressive look and feel . The switches and vents may seem familiar to a Mercedes-AMG owner , including the infotainment system , but the leather , Alcantara trim and stitching are done by Aston Martin themselves . A high waist and lowered driving position allows for better occupant space and a more immersive experience behind the wheel . Keyless start and stop functions , tire pressure monitoring system , parking distance display , park assist and front and rear parking sensors are included as standard .
“ New Vantage has the most powerful and provocative design language ever seen in a Vantage . A hunter , light in weight and is therefore light in its visual language . It is based on a single line under tension , inspired by the DB10 and the extreme track-only Aston Martin Vulcan , blending the two unique design languages together into a form that is sculpted , dynamic , pure and elemental , ” Aston Martin Chief Creative Officer Marek Reichman said in a statement .
Twin turbocharged engine
While the old V8 Vantage utilizes a naturally-aspirated V8 that shares its platform with the Jaguar XK , the new model utilises a twin turbocharged 4-liter V8 developed by Mercedes-AMG , which pumps out 504 hp and 685 Nm of torque . Coupling the engine is the same ZF eight-speed automatic transmission found in the DB11 , which is mounted at the rear for better weight distribution . It will do a 0-60 mph ( 0-96 kph ) time of 3.5 seconds and can reach a top speed of 195 mph ( 312 kph ) , which can compete against the Mercedes-AMG GT S and the Porsche 911 Carrera GTS . Also contributing to its blistering performance is the usage of aluminium for the chassis , and the whole car weighs 1,530 kilograms dry . An electronic rear differential – a first for Aston Martin – and a torque vectoring system have been fitted to control wheelspin during cornering provided by the enormous torque produced from the V8 .
The racing model , the Vantage GTE will be set to race in Le Mans for 2018 , with 13,000 kilometers of testing done during development of both road and race cars . It will utilize the same Mercedes-AMG twin turbo 4-liter V8 as the standard model , but Aston Martin Racing ( AMR ) , the company 's racing division , did not divulge any details regarding performance . Drivers for the car include Darren Turner and Jonny Adam , winners of the LM GTE Pro class of the 2017 24 Hours of Le Mans , Nicki Thiim and Marco Sørensen , 2016 FIA WEC GTE Pro winners and recently Alex Lynn , a Formula E driver .
The road car will cost around £120,900 in the UK ( $ 150,000 in the US ) and deliveries for the car will start around second quarter of 2018 .
A study conducted by Persistence Market Research ( PMR ) identifies that the global market for citrus oils is set to reach US $ 4,353.8 Million by the end of 2026 , riding on a modest CAGR of 4.9 % .
Increasing demand for citrus oils for preparing therapeutic massage oils is projected to have a significant contribution to the overall development of citrus oils market . Based on application , the therapeutic massage oils segment is expected to account for the highest share of the market , reaching US $ 1,276.6 Million by the end of the assessment period ( 2016-2026 ) . Cosmetics and personal care will continue to be the second largest segment of the market , capturing over 28 % market share by the end of 2026 .
“ The growing prominence of aromatherapy is identified as a primary factor driving the global citrus oils market . Such therapies are applied in rejuvenating , relaxing and treating certain minor health disorders . Increasing popularity of aromatic oils and therapeutics is largely attributed to shifting preference for convenient , harmless , and natural alternatives over traditional allopathic solutions . Hence , higher consumer interest in aromatherapy is translating into great yields in citrus oils market ” . – PMR
Based on oil type , the orange oil will remain as the predominant segment and is estimated to reach a market valuation of US $ 2,649.5 Million by the end of forecast period . Amongst other oil types , lemon oil is projected to witness a healthy growth , accounting for nearly 11 % share of the market in term value over 2026 .
Request to Sample Report – https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11143
The global citrus oils market growth will be majorly influenced by the growing supply of citrus oils from developing regions due to the low cost of production . Moreover , the extensive demand for citrus flavors in food and beverage products in recent years is further propelling the market growth .
Bottlenecks
As citrus oils find more application in the F & B sector , concerns over their preservation and quick perishable nature are limiting their use to a certain extent . The risk of citrus greening disease and increasing use of synthetic chemicals to preserve citrus oil products are seen as major market hindrances . In addition , low awareness in emerging countries is anticipated to further restrict the market growth during the forecast period .
Regional analysis reveals robust growth in APAC and Latin America
While North America will continue to hold the top spot , the markets in Latin America and Asia Pacific will register exponential gains . In 2015 , Asia Pacific accounted for 14.1 % market share and is expected to gain 60 BPS to capture 14.6 % market share by 2026 . In terms of volume , Asia Pacific is expected to register a strong CAGR during the forecast period . Whereas , Latin America is expected to account for of 9.0 % share of the market by end of the assessment period .
Request Report TOC @ https : //www.persistencemarketresearch.com/methodology/11143
Competitive Dashboard
The PMR report delivers key insights on some of the top players competing in the global citrus oil market . Few these players include Symrise AG , Lionel Hitchen ( Essential Oils ) Ltd , Bontoux S.A.S. , Citrus and Allied Essences Ltd. , Young Living Essential Oils LC , Citrus Oleo , Mountain Rose Herbs , Inc. , doTERRA International , LLC. , Citrosuco Paulista SA , and Citromax S.A.C.I .
FILE - In this June 7 , 2017 , file photo , FBI acting director Andrew McCabe listens during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , on Capitol Hill in Washington . McCabe drafted a memo on the firing of his onetime boss , ex-director James Comey . That 's according to a person familiar with the memo , who insisted on anonymity to discuss a secret document that has been provided to special counsel Robert Mueller . The person said the memo concerned a conversation McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein 's preparations for Comey 's firing . Alex Brandon , File AP Photo
The 28-year-old Londoner said he was shocked and in disbelief .
Daniel Kaluuya has said he is in disbelief after receiving a debut Golden Globe nomination “ against innumerable odds ” for his role in Get Out .
The Londoner , 28 , was nominated for best actor in a comedy for his break-out role in the dark satire that skewers racism by director Jordan Peele .
“ I 'm shocked … disbelief , ” Kaluuya said after the announcement in Los Angeles on Monday .
“ What a surreal experience to be embraced by the community against innumerable odds .
“ Get Out was born out of the genius mind of Jordan Peele , to whom I will be forever grateful for believing in me and allowing me to help him tell a story so dear to him .
“ A true once-in-a-lifetime experience . Salute to the cast , crew and King Peele . ”
Get Out , which was nominated for best comedy , sees Kaluuya play a black man who travels to the rural home of his white girlfriend 's parents , where events take a dark twist and latent racism is exposed .
Also among the British talent celebrating their nominations was former winner Sally Hawkins , who was shortlisted for best actress with The Shape Of Water .
“ What a beautiful gift , ” she said in a statement . “ I am so very humbled by this acknowledgement . Every piece of this film was and is a gift for me . ”
Dame Helen Mirren was nominated for The Leisure Seeker ( Jonathan Brady/PA )
Working with director Guillermo Del Toro and his team , she said , was one of the “ most extraordinary heart expanding experiences ” , adding : “ I believe in magic and this is a magical thing . ”
Hawkins , 41 , from London , plays a mute cleaner who falls for an amphibian experiment in the Cold War-era fairy tale , which was also nominated for best drama film .
Unlike the Oscars , the Globes has separate best acting categories for comedies and dramas .
Hawkins 's latest nomination falls in the drama category , while her 2009 victory for her role in Mike Leigh 's Happy-Go-Lucky met the comedy criteria .
Jude Law was nominated for his role in The Young Pope ( Gareth Fuller/PA )
Others to react to their nominations were The Crown 's Claire Foy , The Young Pope 's Jude Law and Dame Helen Mirren , who was nominated for The Leisure Seeker .
Foy , nominated for best actress in a drama series , thanked organisers and praised the “ extraordinary ” cast and crew on the series , which will be her last in the role as the Queen .
Dame Helen said she was “ honoured ” and thanked “ the work of the two men in my life of this film ” , director Paolo Virzi and co-star Donald Sutherland .
Law , nominated for best actor in a limited series , said he was pleased his work with “ wonderful ” director Paolo Sorrentino has been recognised .
Director Martin McDonagh said he was “ thrilled ” to hear his film Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri netted six nominations , including one for best drama .
The Londoner also thanked “ good friends ” Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell , who star in the film .
© Press Association 2017
Do you know your Giggs from your Galliano ?
Beckham aside , football is n't always a profession known for its style . In fact , it 's better known for dodgy haircuts .
But there is one thing footballers and fashion designers do often have in common – their names . Sometimes you might hear a new player announced on the television , and he could equally be the latest creative director of a major Italian fashion house .
In honour of this , try our quiz and see if you can pick the footballer from the fashionista . It 's harder than you might think…
© Press Association 2017
'We ca n't do it alone ' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori .
PERTH ( miningweekly.com ) – Gold developer Vango Mining has raised A $ 5.1-million through a share placement to sophisticated and professional investors .
The company on Wednesday said that some 28.3-million shares will be placed at a price of 18c a share , with the funds raised going towards exploration and development of the Plutonic Dome gold project , in Western Australia .
Advertisement
Options were also offered on the basis of one free attaching option for every two new shares subscribed for , exercisable at 27c each and with an expiry date of two years .
The new shares will be issued under the company 's existing placement capacity , and will not require shareholder approval .
Family members of a man killed in a random shooting broadcast on Facebook Sunday are calling on the shooter to turn himself into police , as the nationwide manhunt for the suspect stretches into its third day .
In an interview with CNN 's Don Lemon Monday night , four relatives of the victim , Robert Godwin Sr. , said they do n't want the suspect , Steve Stephens , to die , but to surrender . They also said that they forgive him .
`` No , I do n't want that man to die , '' Godwin 's son , Robby Miller , said of his father 's killer . `` All I want to see is him brought to justice . I want my family to have closure . ''
`` It 's a hole in my heart right now , but one thing I want to say is that I forgive him . ''
On Sunday , Stephens uploaded a video to Facebook of him apparently shooting the 74-year-old Godwin , in what police said appears to be a random killing . Stephens has been missing since the shooting , despite a multi-state search by national , state , and local law enforcement .
More frequent rail services were introduced between Leeds , Harrogate and Knaresborough this weekend .
Northern has increased the frequency of its Sunday services on that route from hourly to every 30 minutes as part of a new timetable .
The changes are part of a wide-ranging modernisation programme that will also see us add more than 2,000 extra services each week by 2020 .
There are also plans for further modernisation across the Northern network , including new and fully refurbished trains , better stations and more ways to buy tickets .
Northern 's oldest trains ( Pacers ) will also be removed from the network – with the entire programme delivered by 2020 .
Paul Barnfield , Regional Director at Northern , said : “ In the coming months and years our customers will see further improvements as we work to modernise our stations and facilities .
“ We will also continue to improve our current fleet of trains and , from next year , will begin the introduction of 286 new , purpose built carriages . These trains will provide more space and enable us to add more than 2,000 services every week , building on the 2,500 we already operate each day .
“ This is just the beginning of modernisation for our customers and there are many more exciting improvements to come on our journey to 2020 . ”
As early Christmas presents go , the victory against Mansfield Town last Saturday was the perfect one .
It was fitting that the Reds turned in a performance that the late Dermot Drummy would have been proud of .
Steve Herbert
It was Crawley 's first victory against a team managed by Steve Evans since the great Scotsman left us .
It was also the first time Crawley had achieved back-to-back home league wins in over a year .
The celebrations between players and fans when Ibraham Meite scored Crawley 's second goal to seal the win in stoppage-time were immense .
For the first time this season we can finally say we are on a decent run of form .
Maybe the 4-0 defeat at Wycombe a few weeks ago has turned out to be a blessing in disguise and will end up being the turning point in our season .
With our next two league games coming away from home at Crewe and Accrington , we can now look to continue the momentum that has carried us out of a hole .
By the time we next play at the Checkatrade Stadium on Boxing Day against Colchester United , we could well be sitting pretty in midtable , just outside the play-offs . How remarkable that would be after all the early season doom and gloom ?
I think Harry Kewell and Warren Feeney deserve a lot of credit for believing in what they are doing here and turning our season around .
With the amount of managers the club has gone through since we became a Football League club seven years ago , it 's time someone remains in the hot seat for longer than 12 months so the club can finally have some stability .
That person at the moment is Harry Kewell , who I believe is finally starting to see all the hard graft and work that he puts in with his squad come to fruition .
On a final note , I know most of you know that life-long Crawley fan Steve Leake has been elected to the board as the fans ' representative .
If anybody has any ideas or moans and groans that they would like Steve to take up with the club , then please email him direct ... fanrep @ ctfcsa.co.uk
A reusable nappy firm based in Brixworth has been shortlisted for three business awards .
Bambino Mio is a finalist in three categories in the East Midlands Federation of Small Businesses ' Celebrating Small Business Awards .
The firm saw off competition from more than 150 entries across the region to be shortlisted for the Digital Business of the Year Award , Exporter of the Year and Family Business of the Year .
The company , which was founded 21 years ago by husband and wife Guy and Jo Schanschieff , were last year named East Midlands Exporter of the Year .
Bambino Mio exports to more than 71 countries and is the market leader in the reusable nappy industry .
Mr Schanschieff said : “ We are so pleased to have been shortlisted in three categories this year .
“ Each represents a key aspect of our company 's success – we are family-oriented , digitally-focused and keen to expand the acceptance of reusable nappies amongst mainstream markets in the UK and beyond . ”
Jennifer Thomas , from the Federation of Small Businesses , said : “ It 's great to see another strong Northamptonshire business flying the flag for our county and FSB are proud to highlight the immense quality our small and medium-sized enterprises have to offer . Bambino Mio have proven success in digital technology and exporting and I wish them the best of luck , and look forward to seeing them at the awards . ”
Bambino Mio will find out if they have been successful in their categories at the awards ceremony in Nottingham on February 8 .
The national UK finals will take place in London in May .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo says he 's `` ashamed '' that this country failed to help Puerto Rico recover faster from last year 's hurricane .
The Democrat made the remarks Saturday during a rally in the Bronx with Puerto Rico 's Gov . Ricardo Rossello .
The New York governor wants more government money to be allocated to fund the island 's recovery . Cuomo says Trump administration officials showed what he called `` disrespect '' toward the people of Puerto Rico for not helping out more after Hurricane Maria , which left much of the island without electricity .
Politicians at Saturday 's rally included U.S. Rep. Jose Serrano , who noted that Puerto Ricans did n't need Trump to toss paper towels at people in need last October at a hurricane relief center in the capital of San Juan .
Advertisement
About a third of Puerto Rico remains without power .
Put down the fork . Step away from the buffet table .
UC Davis nutrition expert Liz Applegate wants us to think about exactly what we 're shoveling down our throats . Not just to lose weight but to protect our brains .
“ Brain food is real and it really does matter , ” said Applegate , an author , professor and director of sports nutrition at UC Davis . She 's an advocate of the MIND diet , a combination of two long-studied diets that have been shown to reduce the…
HONG KONG : The United States has issued China with a “ yellow card ” on trade , said its consul general in Hong Kong Tuesday , in a strongly worded speech which also urged the importance of the city 's autonomy for business .
US President Donald Trump last month approved plans for steep tariffs on tens of billions of dollars of Chinese imports , while Beijing has slapped duties on key US agricultural exports and threatened to do likewise for the sensitive American soybean industry .
The dispute has triggered fear of an all-out trade war that could damage the global economy .
Consul General Kurt Tong said China had breached its commitments to the World Trade Organisation to such an extent that it was detrimental to the US , which was now “ justified in claiming damages ” .
“ To borrow a metaphor from my favourite sport , China has drawn a deserved yellow card , ” said Tong , who is a keen footballer .
“ Yellow cards are an opportunity for a player to change their style of play before someone gets hurt , ” he told the Foreign Correspondents ' Club .
Tong said there were “ worrisome signs ” that China was backsliding on economic reform as the central government tightens control .
Unfavourable terms for inward foreign investment , high tariffs and lack of protection for intellectual property rights were among the problems , he said .
“ Some analysts have said that , given its size and importance , China is now too big to be challenged . I would submit that the opposite is true . I think that the China problem is too big to ignore , ” he added .
Semi-autonomous Hong Kong should stand as an example of how an economy can be part of China but also play by the rules , said Tong .
Since being handed back to China by Britain in 1997 the city has been governed under a “ one country , two systems ” deal which grants it rights unseen on the mainland .
But in recent years Beijing has tightened its grip on the city . There is growing concern that the autonomy of the financials hub , protected by the rule of law and an independent judiciary , is now in jeopardy .
Tong called on the local government and the city 's private sector to make use of what he called Hong Kong 's “ abiding strengths ” .
“ Hong Kong has an opportunity to proactively use its autonomy to further strengthen its impressive economic competitiveness , as well as its inherent value proposition in the eyes of foreign partners , ” he said .
PERTH ( miningweekly.com ) – Junior AuStar Gold has poured its first gold at the Morning Star gold mine , in Victoria , since 2012 .
The ASX-listed company told shareholders that following the upgrade and commissioning of the gold processing plant , the company used low-grade stockpiles from the previous mining operations to pour its first gold .
Advertisement
“ It is very gratifying to be able to announce that AuStar has conducted its first gold pour at the Morning Star gold mine . This is a major milestone for a gold explorer/developer and is a proud testament to the commitment and dedication of the AuStar Gold operations team , ” said CEO Tom de Vries .
“ This maiden gold pour is further proof of our gravity processing plant 's ability and strategic importance in the Woods Point goldfield . ”
Advertisement
The historic Morning Star underground mine produced more than 800 000 oz of gold during its lifetime .
Dubai : Now , you can have eggs without hens and milk without cows .
Sounds like a tall claim , or a Frankentein deal ?
Not really , thanks to a new branch of agriculture , called `` cellular agriculture '' — or the production of agricultural products from cell culture .
it presents a significant potential to mitigate climate impact caused by animal agriculture , an expert told a Dubai conference on Monday .
Isha Datar , Executive Director of New Harvest , a non-profit research institute building and establishing the field of cellular agriculture , spoke before the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai on Monday .
Datar added : “ 14 . 5 percent of all human-caused greenhouse gases come from animal agriculture . Livestock farming produces 7.1 billion gigaton of carbon dioxide each year - comprising 14.5 % of such greenhouse gases . More significantly , the enteric methane from ruminant animals has 34 times the potential of CO2 to expedite global warming over a period of 100 years . ”
Cellular culture
Datar , a pioneer in the field of cellular culture , was addressing the audience in a session titled ‘ Bio-engineering : Eggs without Hens ' on Day Two of the World Government Summit ( WGS ) 2017 .
Pointing out that animal agriculture currently requires a third of the ice-free land on earth , Datar spoke about the potential benefits of cellular farming , both in terms of its environmental sustainability and physical and economic viability in the long term . “ Not only does animal agriculture impact the environment , there is also the effect of environmental changes on livestock , ” she elaborated .
“ Climatic conditions affect the productivity , fertility and health of animals , and extreme weather event like storms result in the animals being destroyed in large numbers . We have also reached physiological limits when it comes to growing whole animals , and the best way forward is food production from cell cultures rather than plants or animals , ” added Datar .
Datar and her team are currently carrying out cutting-edge research in the field of cellular agriculture , applying methods of tissue engineering to food production to generate meat and dairy products that are molecularly identical to those made conventionally .
“ Brewing milk from yeast , for instance , will produce 84 percent less greenhouse gases than producing milk from cows , ” she added .
The research , Datar agrees , is still speculative , and as it stands today , will take decades to complete . “ With the support of world governments , however , we can complete it within 10 years . ”
The World Government Summit ( WGS ) 2017 has drawn the participation of more than 4,000 personalities from 139 countries around the world .
This reflects the leading stature of WGS on regional and international levels and the high interest from governments , global organizations , private and public sector entities , decision makers , entrepreneurs , academics and university students as well as scientists and innovators .
WGS 2017 features 150 speakers across 114 sessions that highlight the world 's most pressing challenges and showcase best practices and cutting-edge solutions to deal with them .
GLOSSARY
Cellular agriculture is the production of agriculturalproducts from cell cultures . There are two kinds of agricultural products : acellular products and cellular products .
Acellular products are made of organic molecules like proteins and fats and contain no cellular or living material .
Cellular products are made of living or once-living cells .
Products harvested from cell cultures are exactly the same as those harvested from an animal or a plant ; the only difference is how they are made .
Acellular animal products are made without animals by using a microbe like yeast or bacteria .
France 's presidential race has entered its final stretch with no clear winner in sight as the main contenders scrap for votes in a flurry of campaign rallies .
With almost a third of the electorate still undecided and the front-runners clustered around 20 per cent in the polls for the first round on Sunday , the race is the most unpredictable the country has seen in recent history .
With two of the four candidates also hostile to the institutions of the European Union , the result of the run-off two weeks later will have far-reaching implications not just for France but for the region as a whole .
On Monday , centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron addressed a crowd of more than 20,000 in Paris , while the far-right Front National 's Marine Le Pen faced a smaller gathering in an auditorium nearby .
Communist-backed Jean-Luc Mélenchon , who sailed through the centre of the capital on a barge on Monday , will be addressing rallies in at least seven cities on Tuesday , using holograms for six of them . Republican candidate Francois Fillon held a rally in Nice on Monday and plans events around Paris by the end of the week .
According to the latest survey by polling company Elabe , released on Monday , support for Mr Macron stands at 24 per cent , while Ms Le Pen is on 23 per cent . Mr Fillon holds 21 per cent , followed by Mr Mélenchon on 18 per cent . Ms Le Pen has threatened to take France out of the EU , while Mr Mélenchon wants to renegotiate the bloc 's treaties , including the one that keeps the country in the euro . Mr Macron would defeat any of his rivals in the run-off , the survey showed , so long as he can get there .
“ Everyone is petrified , ” said Edouard Lecerf , head of the political department at polling firm Kantar Sofres . “ The challenge for each of the four candidates is to seek new votes without alienating their base . French voters are like fish , like eels – very slippery . ”
“ They all have to try and win a point or two to make it to the second round without doing anything that could have negative repercussions , ” Mr Lecerf said . “ The idea is to galvanize the troops , give them the idea that victory is possible , and in doing so , bring back those who may have dropped off . ”
Criminal charges
For all the defensiveness , the four leading contenders have n't stopped taking swipes at each other .
In his speech Monday at the Bercy arena in Paris , Mr Macron pulled no punches as he went after Mr Mélenchon 's support for Latin American leaders like Cuba 's Fidel Castro and Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , who have overseen widespread poverty . “ For some , France will be Cuba without the sun or Venezuela without the oil , ” he said .
Mr Fillon attacked Mr Macron and Mr Mélenchon for making vague promises as he tried to continue his recovery after criminal charges sideswiped his campaign last month . “ We begin to wonder which France Mr Macron or Mr Mélenchon is talking about , ” he said .
Socialist president Francois Hollande , whom Mr Fillon has accused of masterminding a plot against him , deplored the campaign 's lack of substance in an interview Sunday evening with French TV France 5 .
“ What is talked about in this campaign ? Legal cases , charges , so-called secret cabinets , ” said Mr Hollande , who opted last year not to seek a second term as his approval rating plumbed record lows . “ Events are put together , but where are the useful comparisons ? ”
While French voters have consistently showed up en masse for presidential elections in the past – participation averages 80 per cent over the past 50 years – current projections show a good third of registered voters may stay home on Sunday . According to Elabe , only 68 per cent of the French are certain of casting their vote .
Bloomberg
SOUTH PORTLAND — Matthew D. Beck , who ran unopposed , won a seat Tuesday representing South Portland and Cape Elizabeth on the Portland Water District Board of Trustees .
Beck received 987 votes in South Portland and 896 votes in Cape Elizabeth to win the five-year term .
The 59-year-old South Portland resident will fill the seat previously held by Wayne Ross , who died in November 2016 .
Beck has been a resident of the city for the past 26 years , is married and the father of three adult children .
He is a business representative for the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers , Local 1837 , working for employees of electric utilities and broadcast stations in Maine and New Hampshire .
Beck
'Wonderful initiative ' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There 's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land , but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure .
Mandatory Credit : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
It 's another weekend on WPGC !
Listen all weekend for your chance to win a pair of tickets to see the Washington Wizards take on the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The game is set for Tuesday , March 13 at the Capital One Arena .
For Tickets & the complete Wizards schedule , click here .
Courtesy of Monumental Sports
For WPGC 's general contest rules here
Microblading one of the most popular procedures for shaping eyebrows . It is effective , easy and looks natural . It 's a semi permanent tattoo that gives a perfect arch and fills your eyebrows so that you do n't have to worry about putting eyebrow makeup on every morning . Great news is that besides getting this procedure you can also learn how to do it . Browz is a popular brow bar which offers excellent services for affordable price . Browz offers various makeup courses in Dubai , including microblading training . Now you can get a thorough knowledge of this procedure and maybe become an eyebrow therapist yourself .
First thing that needs to be mentioned is that Browz provides courses for beginners and advanced microblading artists . Their beginner course is 3 days long and includes one day of theory and two other days are for practical classroom attendance . But before a student start this 3 day training , they need to complete 50 hours of home pre-studying as a prerequisite . During the first day of training students learn everything about microblading : how it works , color theories , safety and health . On practical courses they will get a basic knowledge of different techniques that are used to get the best result and work on artificial skin until they become masters . As already mentioned this course is for beginners , so you do n't need to have any prior knowledge or experience in this sphere . This microblading course in Dubai gives an efficient knowledge of microblading . Browz also offers advanced microblading training in Dubai for artists who have some experience and knowledge and want to refine their skills . During this course advanced stretching and shading techniques are taught , as well as an advanced level of creating different shapes of natural looking eyebrows . Advanced level students also learn about common mistakes in microblading and learn how to correct and avoid them . It is a two day course which equals approximately 16 hours of training plus one day of practice on live models .
Browz offers these courses , which also includes full microblading kit with all the needed tools and pigments , for reasonable prices . Students are given assignments and are required to send images of completed work . If the work does n't meet Browz high standards students will be required to resubmit the case study . Students get certificates after successfully completing each task . If students continue working intensively , uploading photos that show their progress , they will be able to get insurance with ABT and start performing treatments on clients .
Browz is an experienced brow bar , which has a professional team of makeup artists who are also certified trainers . Browz has been providing exceptional services for decades , satisfying customers with the results . Now they offer semi permanent makeup training in Dubai and give people an opportunity to become eyebrow therapists in a short period of time . Browz training sets high standards and ensures that everyone gets thorough knowledge of different makeup techniques and becomes successful in this job . Main goal of this company is to establish lasting relationships and create relaxing and friendly environment for their customers .
A senior police officer has told the Christie Marceau inquest that it 's virtually impossible to stop determined criminals re-offending on bail .
The 18-year-old 's killer was on bail close to the Marceau family home when he struck .
But Detective Superintendent David Lynch of Auckland police said greater separation would not have saved her .
A veteran of 23 years in the force , Mr Lynch tackled head-on one of the big questions hanging over the inquest today- would Christie Marceau still be alive if her killer had been bailed further away from her home ?
Asked if he had a motivated defendant , would he consider that a separation in the distance by say another 20 kilometres was likely to make a difference , Mr Lynch replied : `` Probably not in this case sadly , no . ''
The detective superintendent said despite there being no national monitoring policy in place at the time , he 's satisfied police kept a close enough eye on the killer .
`` If someone is particularly motivated to abscond , quite frankly they ca n't be stopped , '' Mr Lynch said .
Also up today was the forensic court liaison nurse who assessed Akshay Chand after his first attack on Ms Marceau in September 2011 .
Ellen Wilson said Chand was clad in a harm prevention suit in police cells after a failed overdose attempt on multi-vitamins .
But under cross-examination , Ms Wilson admitted she was under pressure to complete her report as it was needed for Chand 's court appearance .
She said she spent 25 minutes on it instead of her usual three quarters of an hour .
A few weeks later , forensic psychiatrist Dr Ian Goodwin made another assessment to determine whether Chand was fit to stand trial .
`` I did not think that my report would be relied upon for bail purposes . And this was not the purpose of the report , '' Dr Goodwin said .
NZ sex workers undercut by illegal foreign prostitutes
Workers in the industry say they are being crowded out and undercut by immigrants , who are charging half the rates of their New Zealand counterparts .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Good old Great Barr - known for having a great big Asda , The Red House and enough traffic jams to send you potty .
What 's more is that 90 per cent of people do n't actually know where Great Barr is , which , given the area is a hybrid of three different councils , it 's hardly a surprise .
And it 's that point exactly - not knowing where Great Barr is - that leads to two of our whiny reporters listing the 13 most annoying things about living in Great Barr ( wherever that may be ! ) .
1 ) Great Barr ? More like one great big traffic jam
( Image : Iain Findlay )
Beacon Road , the Old Horns roundabout , Aldridge Road , Old Walsall Road and the boss of them all : the Scott Arms - motorists would have spent hours upon hours caught up in these traffic-hit junctions .
And it all starts of a morning , with traffic snaking right from the top of Barr Beacon in Aldridge to the Boar 's Head on the approach to Perry Barr . It 's a nightmare .
Also , I do n't know what 's more annoying : the long wait for traffic lights to turn green at the Scott Arms or how few cars are let past when you 're climbing up Old Walsall Road out of Hamstead . Grrr !
2 ) It 's like a scene out of The Day After Tomorrow
( Image : Google )
Great Barr must have one big red panic button , which is pressed every time it snows .
Asda Queslett is rammed at the best of times but when snow sticks people flock to the popular super store to grab essentials like bread and milk .
There 's not a car parking space in sight . It 's like the world 's about to end and a scene out of The Day After Tomorrow . It 's the same during that neither here nor there period between Christmas Day and New Year 's Day when shoppers are unsure about opening times .
3 ) Where is Great Barr exactly ?
I 've met countless fellow Brummies on holiday abroad who are from your Northfields , Shirleys and Acocks Greens yet , when I mention Great Barr , they did n't have the foggiest of ideas where it is . Why is that ?
What do n't help is that Great Barr is split up between THREE different councils with Walsall serving Pheasey ; Birmingham serving ‘ Oscott ' and Sandwell serving the Scott Arms and Hamstead . Great Barr is basically here , there , everywhere and , by the sounds of it , nowhere .
4 ) Is it Oscott or is it Great Barr ?
Birmingham City Council class Great Barr as Oscott which is poppycock because no-one actually says they live in Oscott .
The Old Oscott suburb is north of the Dyas Road while , if you go past Kingstanding , you then hit New Oscott which is on the approach to Boldmere . Confused yet ? We are .
5 ) Blighted by bus bugbear on the 997
The excruciating moment when the 997 bus turns down Dyas Road and Shady Lane when all you want to do is go straight to town or Asda Queslett and Pheasey . It 's a good 15-minute detour and , more to the point , it 's annoying .
6 ) The only way is Pheasey
There 's nothing Walsall about Pheasey yet this neighbourhood in Great Barr has its bins collected by Walsall Council while residents are also represented by a Walsall MP .
It 's more confusing than annoying this one but people in Pheasey will tell you they 're proud Brummies with a Birmingham postcode .
7 ) It 's no Sutton Coldfield that 's for sure
Unlike neighborhoods such as Sutton Coldfield and Aldridge - which have their own high streets complete with restaurants and shops - Great Barr does n't really have anything of the sort and , is in fact , surrounded by countless pubs and takeaways .
Maybe we just like a skinful down the local followed by a chicken chow mein on the way home .
8 ) Kingstanding test centre and the Alps-like Dyas Road hill
Why is Kingstanding Driving Test Centre actually in Great Barr and , more pressingly , why is the steepest hill known to man situated right outside which , in essence , gives instructors the perfect opportunity to test your hill starts ?
Everyone knows the test centre in Birdbrook Road . It 's been around for years and it has n't changed a bit . You 've got the big slope to get into car parking bays while , around the corner , Dyas Road on the approach to the Hawthorn is like a slope from the French Alps .
9 ) Countless crashes at trouble-hit junction
The troublesome Greenholm Road-Aldridge Road-Thornbridge Road junction is a notorious accident blackspot . The latest smash occurred just a fortnight ago and involved a white Sprinter van colliding with a BMW .
There 's even a big yellow sign warning motorists that there has been so many accidents here over the past few years .
The junction does not have traffic lights or a pedestrian crossing and allows cars to cut across the busy Aldridge Road commuter route .
10 ) How many Aldi stores does Great Barr need ?
There 's one plonked at the Scott Arms and the German food giant now wants to build a new supermarket bang opposite Asda Queslett - just a mile down the road .
This story continues to be a huge talking point among readers on Great Barr Live with the majority split down the middle in terms of being either FOR or AGAINST the new proposals .
Also , if you did n't know , there 's also an Aldi in nearby Kingstanding off the College Road . Now , I know people love a bargain and all that but how many Aldis do we actually need ?
11 ) There 's more to Barr Beacon than dogging rumours
( Image : flickr / Manoo Mistry )
Why is it whenever you mention Barr Beacon all people talk about is dogging ?
Those who know the Beacon know on any good day you can find elegant horse riders , peaceful dog walkers , kite fliers , radio hams and , when it snows , the Beacon is awesome for sledging .
It 's a beauty spot with a stunning view of Birmingham city centre , too .
12 ) Even our so-called celebrities do n't like talking about where they 're from
( Image : Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP )
Arguably the most famous people to be from Great Barr is Judge John Deed himself Martin Shaw and TV presenter Cat Deeley who , rather ironically , both hate talking about Birmingham .
13 ) And did we mention traffic jams ? See point number one again because this makes us all feel like a bear with a sore head .
- WWE posted this collection of fireworks to celebrate the 4th of July today .
- WWE NXT Women 's Champion Shayna Baszler will be appearing on tonight 's NXT episode as WWE posted the following teaser :
Who 's next for The Queen of Spades ? After another successful title defense against the tenacious Toni Storm at the NXT U.K. Championship special . NXT Women 's Champion Shayna Baszler will appear live on WWE NXT . Having conquered the likes of Storm , Nikki Cross and Dakota Kai in recent weeks , what will the dominant champion have to say as her potential challengers attempt to keep pace ?
- Below is a preview for tonight 's `` Something Else to Wrestle with Bruce Prichard '' podcast on the WWE Network , featuring a discussion on The Rock :
Global Piercing Connectors Market 2017 , presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Piercing Connectors market globally , providing basic overview of Piercing Connectors market including definitions , classifications , applications and industry chain structure , Piercing Connectors Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures . Piercing Connectors market size , share and end users are analyzed as well as segment markets by types , applications and companies .
Global market research report of Piercing Connectors 2017 mainly focuses on Production , means the output of Piercing Connectors and Revenue , means the sales value of Piercing Connectors in market . Piercing Connectors market research report studies Piercing Connectors in Global market , Piercing Connectors market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in North America , Europe , China , Japan , Korea and Taiwan . Global Piercing Connectors market report focuses on top manufacturers in global market , with their Business perspective which consist of Piercing Connectors capacity , production , price , revenue and Piercing Connectors market share for each manufacturer .
Download Free Sample Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/28404/request-sample
Piercing Connectors Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers .
NSi Industries
SEWAK Electrical
Smico
Ensto
Huajia Group
YueQing ZIYONG Electical
Ningbo Supu
Global Piercing Connectors Market segments by Regions , Piercing Connectors market report splits Global into several key Regions , with Piercing Connectors production , Piercing Connectors consumption , Piercing Connectors revenue , Piercing Connectors market share and growth rate of Piercing Connectors in these regions , from 2011 to 2021 . Piercing Connectors Market report split by Product type and Application , with Piercing Connectors production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , according to Application Piercing Connectors Market report focuses on consumption , market share and growth rate of Piercing Connectors in each application .
Piercing Connectors Market Research Report Split by Type
Type I
Type II
Access Full Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-piercing-connectors-market-research-report-2017-28404.html
Piercing Connectors Market Research Report Split by Application
Application 1
Application 2
Table of Contents
Global Piercing Connectors Market Research Report 2017
1 Piercing Connectors Market Overview
2 Global Piercing Connectors Market Competition by Manufacturers
3 Global Piercing Connectors Production , Revenue ( Value ) by Region ( 2017-2022 )
4 Global Piercing Connectors Supply ( Production ) , Consumption , Export , Import by Regions ( 2017-2022 )
5 Global Piercing Connectors Production , Revenue ( Value ) , Price Trend by Type
6 Global Piercing Connectors Market Analysis by Application
7 Global Piercing Connectors Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
8 Piercing Connectors Manufacturing Cost Analysis
9 Industrial Chain , Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
10 Marketing Strategy Analysis , Distributors/Traders
11 Market Effect Factors Analysis
12 Global Piercing Connectors Market Forecast ( 2017-2022 )
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone : ( 201 ) 465-4211
Email : sales @ fiormarkets.com
Web : www.fiormarkets.com
THE Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board ( LTFRB ) has suspended for a month the operations of ride-sharing company Uber .
The LTFRB also suspended Uber 's online booking applications , which allow users to book rides through their smartphones .
Uber admitted receiving the order .
“ We are studying the order at the moment . We will update our riders and drivers as soon as we can , ” it said in a statement .
The LTFRB urged Uber “ to extend financial assistance to its affected peer-operators during the period of suspension as an expression of good faith as their accredited peer-operators would not have suffered current predicament were it not for the predatory actions of respondent Uber . ”
Uber and other TNCs have been under fire for allegedly allowing unregistered vehicles to take on passengers .
Jurgen Klopp goes back to his homeland for Tuesday 's Champions League tie
BBC coverage
How to follow : Listen on BBC Radio 5 live and BBC local radio ; text commentary on the BBC Sport website
Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool are excited at the prospect of returning to the Champions League but are wary of the threat posed by play-off opponents Hoffenheim .
The Reds take on the German side at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena on Tuesday in the first leg of their play-off tie .
The winner over two legs will qualify for the group stage , which Liverpool have not appeared in since 2014 .
`` For three months we have been looking forward to this game , '' said Klopp .
`` We are here , in a good mood , looking forward to the game but aware of the qualities of the opposition and the difficulty of the game .
`` But it is just good to be here and to have the chance even though we know it is really hard . ''
The German is adamant that his players will be well prepared for the challenge of facing a side who finished fourth in the Bundesliga last season , behind Bayern Munich , RB Leipzig and Borussia Dortmund .
`` We know much more about Hoffenheim than you can know , '' he added .
`` We have been together for 20 months and we always try to give good analysis to the players . We make sure they know about the opponents . We have opponents who are confident and aggressive . ''
Coutinho scored 13 Premier League goals for Liverpool last season
Liverpool will again be without forward Philippe Coutinho , who submitted a transfer request last week after the club rejected a bid from Barcelona . He missed Saturday 's 3-3 Premier League draw at Watford with a back injury .
He has not travelled with the 22-man squad to Germany .
Nathaniel Clyne ( back ) , Danny Ings ( knee ) , Adam Lallana and Daniel Sturridge ( both thigh ) also miss out .
However , Klopp is optimistic that England striker Sturridge will be ready to face Crystal Palace in the league on Saturday and be available for the second leg of the play-off with Hoffenheim at Anfield next Wednesday .
Summer signing Andrew Robertson , who was left out of the 18 for Saturday 's draw at Watford , is included in the squad in Germany and could make his debut at left-back .
Klopp will be looking for a more resolute defensive display on Tuesday than the one his side produced on Saturday .
Even without Coutinho they produced some irresistible attacking play at Vicarage Road to produce three goals - one each for their forward line of Sadio Mane , Roberto Firmino and summer signing Mohamed Salah .
However , like last season , they were vulnerable defensively and conceded three minutes into injury time to miss out on two points .
Hoffenheim began their season with a 1-0 win at third-tier side Erfurt in the German Cup on Saturday .
Liverpool squad : Alexander-Arnold , Moreno , Lovren , Milner , Wijnaldum , Henderson , Can , Mane , Salah , Firmino , Kent , Solanke , Origi , Gomez , Klavan , Flanagan , Robertson , Matip , Grujic , Mignolet , Karius , Ward .
Alberto Matos is under a lot of stress : Africans and Indians are crowded into the much too small office of the aid organization `` Solidariedade Imigrante '' ( Solim ) . `` Send the man here ; I 'll see what I can do , '' Matos , who is in his mid-60s , says somewhat testily on the telephone .
When the call has ended , he gives vent to his anger , saying that the tax office does not want to give an African man a tax number because he has no job . But the man will only be given legal work if he has a tax number , and only with legal work will he have a chance of getting a residency permit , Matos says . `` That is a vicious circle that benefits only the human traffickers who bring illegal migrants to the country . We have to stop it ! ''
Read more : Tanzanian domestic workers 'working like robots , ' report reveals
But that wo n't be easy . More and more migrants are coming through the southern Portuguese port of Beja — in recent times , particularly from Africa . `` We already have lots of Asians here , from India , Thailand , Pakistan and even from Nepal , '' Matos . Now , he notes , it is mostly Africans : `` They work almost only in the agricultural sector . ''
Working under inhumane conditions and often for less than the state-guaranteed minimum wage of €580 ( $ 714 ) a month , they are first used to pick olives , strawberries or oranges . Later in the year , they harvest melons and grapes . The temping agencies for which they officially work even deduct food , accommodation and travel costs . In times where there is little work to be had , there 's barely any money left over at the end of the month .
Agriculture needs workers
In the heavily agricultural region of Alentejo in the south of Portugal , almost nothing functions anymore without the illegal workers . The Portuguese do n't want to do the badly paid hard work in the plantations , and new operations are shooting up rapidly .
Read more : Portugal to boost tourism with empty forts
Wealthy Spanish have created endless olive plantations around the Alqueva Dam . The workers who cultivate them are often illegal migrants . `` In the Beja area , there are probably 10,000 people , '' Matos calculates , adding that there are many more in the entire Alentejo region , more and more of them coming from Africa .
Watch video 04:38 Share Portugal 's Alentejo Region Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http : //p.dw.com/p/2fQJA Portugal 's Alentejo Region
For example , Sherif Djo , 35 years old , who has two children and a wife back home in Senegal , initially came to France on a tourist visa . Then he worked illegally in Spain for two years , and now he has been living for six months together with his brother and eight friends in old portable accommodation in a village near Beja .
From the €500 that he earns if he works the entire month , he has to pay €75 rent . Included are a badly equipped shared kitchen , dirty toilets and a water tap in the adjacent field . Djo and his friends have sealed off the small windows with cardboard because of the cold . `` I came so my family would be better off , '' he says sadly . At least his employer has registered him with the social security authorities , and he pays taxes and welfare contributions . He can even hope to receive a residency permit .
Illegal migrants sometimes pay up to €100 for inadequate housing
Lengthy legalization procedures
But that is something that can take a long time . Despite a change in legislation that was aimed at facilitating the legalization of these workers , the aliens branch of the Portuguese police takes its time issuing the relevant papers , Alberto Matos complains — too much time . Often , the legalization process takes half a year or more , he says . And while the illegal migrants are waiting , they are completely at the mercy of the trafficking groups and are ruthlessly fleeced , he adds . `` Ultimately , the state is playing into the hands of criminal groups . ''
Read more : India 's domestic workers face abuse without legal protection
And it is indeed true that Portugal , once a traditional country of emigration , is having a hard time coping with the fact that it has now become a country of immigration . And it needs low-cost labor so that the strawberries and raspberries it produces can be exported as cheaply and competitively as possible to countries including Germany . As a result , the authorities — depending on the state of the economy — often turn a blind eye when it comes to illegal immigrants . An unlegislated area has grown up in which a lot can be earned , Alberto Matos says : `` Dubious employment agencies , in particular , make plenty of money by not paying taxes or welfare contributions for their workers . ''
Dreaming of a better life
All of this does not matter to Foday Fathi , the man to whom the tax office does not want to give a tax number . `` I just want work to earn some money . Any kind of work , '' the 32-year-old says pleadingly . He has a dangerous and long journey behind him . At first , Fathi made his arduous way from the Gambia in western Africa to Libya . Then he traveled by boat to Italy , and from there to Portugal . A lot of Africans want to go to Portugal , he says , and people at home often told him that there was good money for good work to be had in the country .
Foday Fathi ( R ) has a long and dangerous journey behind him
Now , Fathi sits distraught , yet full of hope , in the office of the aid organization Solim . Alberto Matos wants to help him obtain the eagerly awaited tax number . Only then can Fathi apply for his residency permit ; if he is very lucky , that could be by the end of the year . But until then , he will keep picking olives with many thousands of other illegal migrants for a pittance . The dream of a better life in Portugal is a very hard one to fulfill .
The reality TV star is set to meet US president Donald Trump in the Oval Office .
Kim Kardashian West has been pictured at the White House ahead of talks with Donald Trump over prison reform .
The reality TV star was pictured wearing a smart black pantsuit with lime green shoes as she arrived in Washington DC on Wednesday .
The surprise meeting was first reported by Vanity Fair magazine , who said she was due to speak to President Trump and his son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner .
The talks will involve prison reform and Alice Marie Johnson , a grandmother who is in prison for a first-time non-violent drug offence .
Kardashian West is thought to have been involved in private discussions with Mr Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump for several months .
It is believed the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star will be joined by her lawyer and the meeting will take place in the Oval Office .
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 30 , 2018
Following the initial reports , Kardashian West tweeted : “ Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you . ”
The reality TV star included an emoji symbolising praying hands , and a star , in her post .
Johnson is currently serving a life sentence in prison without parole after being convicted of drug-related charges in 1997 .
An online petition to grant clemency to Johnson , started by her daughter , currently has more than 250,000 signatures .
© Press Association 2018
By Basketball New Zealand
The Burger King 3X3 Quest Basketball Tour will be bursting at the seams this weekend in Christchurch with nearly all starting spots taken with a record number of registrations .
Basketball New Zealands 3x3 Manager , David Huxford , says Christchurch had the record number of participants with 55 teams last year . This year has already gone beyond that with 56 teams currently .
`` Unfortunately teams are going to miss out . We have eight courts and each one will be packed . Today Im carefully monitoring the final few registrations , but all age groups are now closed and Im only taking applications to go on the waitlist . Only the Senior Womens and Under 15 boys grades have a few spots left to fill . This event will be the first time in three years that I havent been able to take on-the-day registrations . ''
Chief Executive of Basketball New Zealand , Iain Potter , says the huge uptake of the sport is a great problem for basketball associations to have , but with a lack of funding and facilities , the sport will continue to struggle to take the next big step .
`` Appreciation must be given for Burger King and the support they have given the 3x3 Quest Tour . Without them , this national event , with 14 stops around the country , would not be able to exist .
Basketball is the fastest growing major sport in New Zealand . It is the number one ranked pastime for boys , and number five ranked pastime for girls , across all interests , sports , recreational pursuits and for something to do when mucking around . Its also one of a few sports across most of the ethnicities that make up New Zealand , for both genders . So sponsors of basketball realise that it is truly a sport that represents all of New Zealand , and the more support we can get , the more playing opportunities we can offer . ''
This summer season is the fourth time the Burger King Quest Tour has travelled to provinces throughout New Zealand . The Tour is for anyone who wants to play , male and female , from the junior player through to the elite , and Huxford says New Zealand representatives play in the open mens grade events .
`` The Burger King 3x3 Tour has official Quest status , which means that the winner of the Open Mens grade at each regional event will compete at the World Tour Qualifier Final . We will host it at The Cloud in Auckland on 25 March . Whoever wins the Open Mens grade at The Cloud will win an all-expenses paid trip to Asia and the right to represent their city at a FIBA 3x3 World Tour Masters in Asia , '' says Huxford .
3x3 is on the rise and Huxford says the basketball community is eagerly awaiting the International Olympic Committees announcement in June as to whether or not 3x3 will be included in the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games .
Continued below .
Related Content Editorial : Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Your views : Readers letters ' KiwiSaver worth more than $ 36 billion
`` Weve been directing our 3x3 programme towards this announcement in the belief that it will happen , by building our 3x3 events , sending our best 3x3 players to international events , and working closely with FIBA that we are doing everything we can to ensure we have a good 3x3 programme . Were strong in that event . Weve won the u18 mens world champs twice , in 2011 and 2015 , so despite the lack of high performance funding in basketball , we have the talent and proven our ability to stand on a truly global podium . So yes , were waiting for the announcement with baited breath . ''
Burger King Quest 3X3 Tour Schedule :
DATE LOCATION VENUE
Sat 26 Nov 2016 Whangarei Whangarei Netball Courts
Sat 03 Dec 2016 New Plymouth Waiwhakaiho Netball Courts
Sat 10 Dec 2016 North Shore ( Auckland ) Westlake Girls High School ( covered netball courts )
Sat 17 Dec 2016 Rotorua The Energy Events Centre ( carpark )
Sat 14 Jan 2017 Mangere ( Auckland ) Otahuhu Netball Centre , David Lange Park .
Sat 21 Jan 2017 Tauranga Blake Park Tennis Courts , Mt Maunganui
Sat 28 Jan 2017 Henderson ( Auckland ) Trusts Arena ( indoors )
Sat 11 Feb 2017 Nelson Tahunanui Beach Tennis Courts
Sat 18 Feb 2017 Christchurch Hagley Park Netball Courts
Sat 25 Feb 2017 Invercargill Invercargill Netball Centre , Surrey Park Road
Sun 26 Feb 2017 Dunedin The Octagon
Sat 05 Mar 2017 Palmerston North Waldegrave Street carpark
Sat 11 Mar 2017 Wellington Odlins Plaza Wellington Waterfront
Sat 18 Mar 2017 Hamilton Garden Place Hamilton
Sat 25 Mar 2017 Auckland Central- The Cloud , 89 Quay Street , Auckland
- This event will be both a normal Burger King 3x3 Quest Tour event ( minus Open men 's grade ) plus the World Tour Qualifier Final for eligible Open Men 's teams from throughout New Zealand .
More information :
www.basketball.org.nz/3X3
3x3Planet.com
- This story has been automatically published using a media release from Basketball New Zealand
HARTINGTON— A new manager is set to start at the Hartington Golf Course . Jonathan Heimes was recently appointed by the Board of Directors to take over operations .
Heimes ' official new role as manager starts March 1 , however he has already been working as the interim manager . Heimes used to work as a bartender at the golf course a few years back , but he says this is a lot different of a job .
“ There is a lot more paperwork and headache , but I enjoy it , ” said Heimes . “ I really do . ”
Heimes worked as a bartender three years ago , but when he left for college he stopped working at the golf course . Now that he is back he is excited for golf season to start back up . Until that happens though , Heimes urges people to come pay a visit on the weekends .
“ With the course being closed , generally we are open on Friday night , Saturday night , and Sunday night , ” said Heimes . “ We open right around five o'clock , unless there is a private party . Deb Perk has been doing food out of the kitchen on Friday nights unless there is a party . Most weekends have been booked since then . ”
Check out the Cedar County News E Edition for the complete story . Just follow this link to get our E Edition .
Radio personality Ruvheneko Parirenyatwa yesterday said she was not vying for the Harare East parliamentary seat on the National People 's Party ticket in the forthcoming harmonised elections .
NPP is led by former Vice President Joice Mujuru , who was expelled from Zanu-PF for plotting to oust former President Robert Mugabe unconstitutionally .
Ruvheneko is the daughter of Zanu-PF Politburo member and Health and Child Care Minister Dr David Parirenyatwa . She carved a name for herself in broadcasting when she joined ZiFM Stereo .
Ruvheneko has since joined Zimpapers as radio division projects manager .
In an interview yesterday , Ruvheneko denied that she was running for any political office .
“ I have come across a campaign poster on social media which falsely alleges that I am running for the position of Member of Parliament for the Harare East constituency under the National People 's Party , ” she said .
“ It is fake news . I categorically state that I do not work with or for the NPP and that I am not running for any political seat in the 2018 election .
“ I have spoken to the NPP 's secretary general , Mr Gift Nyandoro , who reassured me that the hoax did not originate with them .
‘ ‘ If and when I am running for public office , it will not be a debate about whether or not it is true because I will announce my candidacy clearly through my own and other official channels .
‘ Sadly , we may never know who did this , but I have my suspicions .
“ Either way , it is untrue and no one should continue to spread this lie . ”
Ruvheneko said she was shocked at the rate at which the fake news was spreading on social media .
“ I appreciate sincerely those who were seeking clarity because it means they ‘ know better ' but were just double-checking , ” she said .
“ The main concern seemed not to be that I am running for a political office but that I am supposedly running under the NPP while others were excited by the heat this might have brought to the already explosive Harare East seat .
“ The only ambition I have for Harare East Constituency this year , as a journalist , is a debate on our ‘ Zimbabwe Election Debate Series ' with all of its candidates after the Nomination Court announcement. ” Herald
Making the jump from offensive coordinator to head coach is n't an easy one . Doing so at the ripe age of 31 makes the transition that much tougher , especially when you 're still the one calling plays on offense .
That 's the challenge Sean McVay is facing in his first season at the helm with the Los Angeles Rams . Coming over from the Washington Redskins , McVay is now tasked with running a team , not just the offense . He had his first crack at it on Saturday in Los Angeles ' preseason opener , and all things considered , it went well .
The Rams had no clock-management issues , no infractions for too many men being on the field , and no noticeable difficulties when it came to McVay handling things .
McVay said he was “ very comfortable ” with the flow of the game , but he did explain what the toughest part about going from coordinator to head coach is .
“ That 's going to be the biggest thing that you navigate is , making sure that you 're mindful of getting ahead for that next series and have a couple thoughts in mind that you can communicate to our offensive position coaches in terms of how we want to attack the next drive , but also being involved with what 's going on on defense , if there 's a penalty is it something that we want to accept , ” he said during his press conference .
Fortunately , McVay does n't have to go it alone . He has a savvy veteran in Wade Phillips , who has both head coaching experience and has spent time as a defensive coordinator . He and special teams coordinator John Fassel will take care of the other two facets of the game while McVay manages the offense and play calling on that side of the ball .
“ The game kind of operates seamlessly with the way that they run special teams and defense and I 'm just going to have to figure out the rhythm in between series , ” McVay added .
Offensive coordinator Matt LaFleur will also assist in the transition , especially when McVay is focused on the defense after an offensive series . It 'll take time , but it seems like the young head coach is beginning to grasp his role and embrace the challenge that comes with controlling all three phases of the game .
Man Sentenced For Barrow Pub Attack Plot
A white supremacist who planned to carry out an attack at a Barrow pub 's gay pride night has been given an indefinite hospital order .
Ethan Stables was arrested by armed police last summer , after making threats online ahead of an event at the New Empire pub .
Social media posts to far-right pages revealed he was intent on `` going to war '' and wanted to `` slaughter every single one of the gay b * * * * * * s '' .
Police later found a machete , an axe and knives at his home .
Following a trial at Leeds Crown Court , the then-20-year-old was convicted of preparing an act of terrorism , making threats to kill and possessing an explosive substance in suspicious circumstances .
Officers discovered that , as well as researching firearms , he had also looked into methods for making a bomb .
Jurors were told how Stables , who had been diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome prior to his arrest , promoted homophobic , racist and Nazi views online .
Through his phone , he supposedly communicated his hatred for Muslims and Jews , with one WhatsApp message reading : `` My country is being raped .
`` I might just become a skinhead and kill people . ''
Following his conviction on February 8 , his barrister Patrick Upward QC told the Recorder of Leeds , Judge Peter Collier QC , that Stables led a `` melancholy life '' up to the day of his arrest and lived in `` almost squalid conditions '' .
Mr Upward added that his client `` bears no comparison with the men who attacked Corporal ( Lee ) Rigby , '' and that he did not have the `` wherewithal '' to follow through on the plan .
Prosecutor Jonathan Sandiford told the judge that Stables had intended to attack multiple persons and had looked at a number of ways of doing it .
Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd , located in Vancouver , Canada , is a hi-tech company mainly engaged in research , production and sales of natural plant-based medicines . The company is led by Chinese-Canadian scientist Joshua Yu who devoted himself into the phytomedicine research and application for years . The company aims to extract active anticancer ingredients from natural medicinal plants to assist the treatment and recovery of cancer .
Focusing on the research of rare ginsenosides that exhibit anticancer activities
Ginsenosides are natural compounds extracted from Araliaceae plants like Panax ginseng . Since ginsenosides were found to exhibit anticancer property in the 1960s , scientists have been working on the study of rare ginsenosides .
With in-depth research on ginsenosides , scientist found that rare ginsenosides , the metabolite of prototype ginsenosides , exhibit more powerful anticancer activities in many aspects , including inhibiting angiogenesis in malignant lesions , alleviating toxicity induced by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and increasing drug sensitivity , reversing multiple drug resistance of malignant cells and delaying drug-resistant cycle . Scientists have determined at least 30 rare ginsenosides , including Rk2 , Rh3 , Rh2 , Rg3 , Rg5 , Rk1 , Rk3 , Rh1 , Rh4 , aPPT , aPPD .
Interested much in the potential medical use of rare ginsenosides , Royal Enoch focused on the research of ginseng and rare ginsenosides .
Technology challenges for practical application
Although a quantity of scientific research had made it clear that rare ginsenosides have anticancer effects , converting rare ginsenosides into anti-cancer products from was very difficult due to technical challenges . Firstly , rare ginsenosides could not be made in large quantities through industrialized preparation due to the high cost of the raw materials and immaturity of the preparation methodologies . Rare ginsenosides in Araliaceae species were almost undetectable , and even after heat processing , the extraction rate reaches only 0.001 % to 0.01 % .
Another challenge was that prototype ginsenosides in their natural forms , including ginsenosides R1 , Ra1 , Ra2 , Ra3 , Rb1 , Rb2 , Rb3 , Rc , Rd , Rg1 , could not be directly absorbed by human bodies . They must first undergo the metabolism in the gastrointestinal mucosa and be converted into rare ginsenosides before effective absorption could take place .
Moreover , rare ginsenosides are hardly water-soluble or lipid-soluble , and traditional dispersion technology of preparation was not advanced enough to achieve optimal absorption and utilization .
Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd committed to tackling challenges
Faced with these technical challenges , Joshua Yu , the founder of Royal Enoch , with his team devoted a great deal of energy and efforts to tackling these difficulties .
Dr.Yu specialized in phytomedicine research and application for years . After receiving a doctorate of natural science ( chemistry ) at the University of Göttingen in Germany , he engaged in postdoctoral research at the Department of Chemistry , University of British Columbia , Canada . Dr. Yu participated in a number of major research projects and published many papers and patients in the well-known periodicals and academic conferences .
Four core technologies for 16 years of scientific research
Devoted to phytomedicine research for over 10 years , Dr. Yu 's team eventually invented 4 core technologies , conquering difficulties in extraction , processing , transformation , and formulation of ginseng extracts . These four core technologies are :
Raw material processing technology : With the use of unique steam explosion technology , a new type of American red ginseng , which contains various prototype ginsenosides and rare ginsenosides , could be successfully obtained .
Ginsenosides extraction technology : The new molecular structure directional modification technology makes it possible to separately extract prototype ginsenosides and rare ginsenosides
In vitro biotransformation technology : The unique highly directional sugar degradation and dehydration transformation technology helps transform prototype ginsenosides into rare ginsenosides .
Drug formulation technology : By employing the nano solid dispersions and microcapsule technology , multiple rare ginsenosides are formulated into the Redsenol water-soluble hard gelatin capsules and Redsenol-DAG sublingual pills . They act together synergistically to achieve an augmented effect .
The unveiling of Redsenol Series products
Royal Enoch established a GMP standard industrial mass production base in Vancouver and soon launched Redsenol Series rare ginsenosides products , which has gained high band recognition among consumers . The first product Redsenol rare ginsenosides capsules was launched in Canada , USA , and China in 2015 . The product contains 16 rare ginsenosides , with synergistic effects working together including highly active rare ginsenoside Rg5 , Rk2 , Rk3 , Rh3 , Rh4 , aPPD and aPPT , which is superior to the products with only one rare ginsenoside .
Royal Enoch unveiled their second-generation product “ Redsenol DAG sublingual pills ” in 2017 . The product features 8 highly active rare ginsenosides with high concentrations of active ingredients like ginsenoside Rg5 , Rk2 , and aPPD . The unique nano solid dispersion technology makes this product more absorbable through sublingual administration . Redsenol DAG sublingual pills now are available on the global e-commerce platforms like Amazon.com and JD.com .
The emergence of Redsenol Series marks a new era in the rare ginsenoside field . With synergistic advantages of multiple highly active rare ginsenosides , Redsenol Series outperform the products with only one rare ginsenoside .
Contact :
Company : Canada Royal Enoch Phytomedicine Ltd .
Address : 3800 Wesbrook Mall , Vancouver , BC , Canada , V6S 2L9
Tel : +16046389936
Email : global @ enophyto.com
Website : https : //enophyto.com/en/
Good week for : Stuttgart , Cologne , RB Leipzig , goals , substitutes
Bad week for : Hamburg , Mainz , Gladbach , hooligans
The Lowdown
- RB Leipzig secured their first ever points against Bayern Munich as they came from behind to beat the champions elect 2-1 at the Red Bull Arena . Jupp Heynckes made six changes to the Bayern team which beat Besiktas in Istanbul during the week and it was Sandro Wagner , starting up front in place of Robert Lewandowski , who gave the Bavarians an early lead . But goals either side of halftime from Naby Keita and Timo Werner turned the game around to give Ralph Hasenhüttl 's team a deserved victory .
- Michy Batshuayi was the hero once again for Borussia Dortmund as they bounced back from Thursday 's Europa League disappointment with a 1-0 win over Hannover . The Belgian flicked home brilliantly from Andre Schürrle 's cross and , despite Maximilian Philipp hitting the post for BVB in the second half , it proved to be the winning goal . BVB stay one point behind local rivals Schalke - who are in second .
- Schalke left it late against struggling Wolfsburg but ultimately came away from the Volkswagen Arena with all three points thanks to Robin Knoche 's 86th-minute own-goal . Ten minutes earlier , the Royal Blues had goalkeeper Ralf Fährmann to thank after he saved Paul Verhaegh 's well-struck penalty . It was a third 1-0 win in a row for Domenico Tedesco 's men after identical results against Hertha Berlin and Mainz .
- Borussia Mönchengladbach came from behind three times to draw 3-3 with Hoffenheim in the most entertaining game of the weekend . Struggling Gladbach have still only won one of their last eight Bundesliga matches but coach Dieter Hecking will have been encouraged by the amount of chances his team created - and by the fact that two of his strikers found the net for the first time since January ! In terms of the league table however , the draw does neither team much good in the chase for Europe .
- Seemingly doomed Hamburg took the lead against Hertha Berlin in Christian Titz 's first game in charge . Titz , who has led HSV 's U21 team to the top of their regional league this season , fielded Hamburg 's youngest starting XI since January 1974 . Despite a promising first half , second-half goals from Valentino Lazaro and Salomon Kalou condemned Hambug to a 14th game without a win - a new negative club record .
- Cologne took advantage of defeats for the rest of the bottom five ( Hamburg , Mainz , Wolfsburg and Freiburg ) to move off the foot of the table for the first time since Matchday 3 . Yuya Osako gave the hosts the lead early on but Cologne took control after Lucas Alario 's first-half red card for an elbow on Dominic Maroh . Simon Zoller capitalized on a sloppy header from Charles Aranguiz to double the lead and restore a tiny flicker of hope for Cologne .
Yuya Osako celebrates his goal for Cologne against Bayer Leverkusen
The Stats
- Phillipp Max broke the record for assists for defender in a Bundesliga season after his cross was headed home by Rani Khedira . Max , 24 , now has 12 assists on the season - breaking Philipp Lahm 's record of 11 .
- Stuttgart are flying under new head coach Tayfun Korkut . Friday 's 2-1 win against Freiburg now means Stuttgart have won six of their last seven and are within touching distance of a European spot . Who said Korkut was a bad appointment ?
- Josip Drmic became the first Borussia Mönchengladbach striker to score since the Foals ' 2-0 win over Augsburg on Matchday 19 . Captain Lars Stindl also scored his first goal in over 1,400 minutes of football .
- Wolfsburg 's Paul Verhaegh has only missed four penalties in his career - two of them against Schalke goalkeeper Ralf Fährmann , who saved his ninth Bundesliga penalty on Saturday . Only Leverkusen 's Bernd Leno has saved as many .
- Michy Batshuayi 's opening goal for Borussia Dortmund against Hannover was his sixth Bundesliga goal in seven games - all six Batshuayi goals have given BVB the lead .
- When Claudio Pizarro came on for Cologne in their 2-0 derby win over Bayer Leverkusen , it was his 124th substitution appearance - a Bundesliga record .
Tayfun Korkut is unbeaten as Stuttgart coach
Injuries
Borussia Mönchengladbach striker Raul Bobadilla had to come off with a muscle tear in the 3-3 draw with Hoffenheim . The striker is expected to miss a few weeks .
Omer Toprak was subsituted at halftime during Borussia Dortmund 's 1-0 win over Hannover with a muscle problem . He 'll undergo a check-up on Monday .
Marcel Sabitzer turned his ankle just ten minutes into RB Leipzig 's 2-1 win over Bayern Munich . The club confirmed via Twitter that the Austrian has torn a ligament in his right ankle .
Having been substituted in Salzburg on Thursday , Marco Reus was n't named in Borussia Dortmund 's squad against Hannover due to slight muscle problems . But having been omitted from Joachim Löw 's Germany squad for the upcoming friendlies , he has ample time to recover .
The Quotes
`` Harakiri football . ''
Augsburg coach Manuel Baum on his team 's suicidal football against Bremen .
`` It looked like we were already relegated and playing our last game of the season , with everyone 's heads elsewhere . ''
Augsburg goalkeeper Marwin Hitz after his team 's 3-1 defeat .
`` The first half was up there with the best we have played this year . We should have been ahead earlier . Overall , it was a courageous performance . ''
RB Leipzig coach Ralph Hasenhüttl was satisfied with his team 's display against Bayern .
`` We 're playing a PlayStation game at the moment where you land on earth with nothing but an axe and you have to fight your way around , so it was a reference to that ! ''
Timo Werner on his 'Fortnite ' video game celebration after scoring the winner for RB Leipzig .
Timo Werner was substituted on and off against Bayern
`` I was n't surprised by how well RB started . They 're a good team who have Champions League ambitions . There 's no shame in losing to a side like that . ''
Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes was gracious in defeat .
`` It 's a positive that we 're no longer last . It 's a sign that we 're still alive . We can keep dreaming of a miracle . ''
Cologne coach Stefan Ruthenbeck has n't given up hope just yet .
`` We 're only five points behind Mainz . Anyone writing us off is making a huge mistake . We 're going to try and do the impossible . The corpse is still alive ! ''
Cologne winger Leonardo Bittencourt still believes .
`` When you make the sort of mistakes you see in division four , then you 're going to be punished . ''
Mainz 's Daniel Brosinki after his team 's 3-0 hammering by Frankfurt .
`` I 'm looking forward to the international break . Although I 've got a tooth operation in the next few days ... I 'm not looking forward to that . ''
Stuttgart 's Dennis Aogo is going into the break with mixed feelings despite his team 's 2-1 win over Freiburg .
The Weird
When Josip Drmic drew Borussia Mönchengladbach level for the first time against Hoffenheim , the Hoffenheim players were convinced he had used his hand . But , after checking with the video assistant referee ( VAR ) , the goal was given .
Replays showed that the ball had indeed come off Drmic 's hand but it was n't intentional and the Swiss ' hand was n't in an `` unnatural '' position , so the goal stood . Nevertheless , given that Drmic had only been able to bring the ball under control through the use of his hand , perhaps the wording of the law could be changed ?
On the terraces
The HSV fans ' positivity did n't last
Ahead of their home game against Hertha Berlin , optimistic Hamburg fans greeted the team bus with chants of `` Never second division , HSV ! '' A couple of hours and a 2-1 defeat later however , reports emerged of fans fighting amongst themselves and with the police as frustrations once again boiled over at the Volksparkstadion . Who would be a Hamburg fan ?
A Hamilton City councillor who used homosexual slurs in the council chamber has been forced to apologise this morning .
Garry Mallett reportedly used the words `` homos '' and `` fags '' before a community and services committee meeting last week , Fairfax reported .
Yesterday , he said anyone who was offended should get over themselves . But this morning , he apologised at the beginning of the finance committee meeting which he chairs .
`` Prior to the recent community and services meeting I made some light-hearted comments to staff referring to the unusual use of pink paper for one of the reports for the meeting , '' he said .
Advertisement
`` Unfortunately some took offence at these comments , which were not directed at anyone in particular .
`` I apologise to anyone who was offended by my comments as no offence was intended . ''
Council chief executive Richard Briggs told Fairfax an email raising questions about the alleged comments had been received by the council on Monday . No official code of conduct complaint was laid .
It was understood Mallett made the comments before the meeting began , to members of the governance team , Fairfax said .
The company announces move to further expand New York Office
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Sinequa , a leader in cognitive search and analytics , today announced that the company achieved a record performance for the fiscal year 2016 ending on December 31 , 2016 , including strong double-digit growth and the addition of important new customers and partners . Worldwide software bookings grew more than 51 % compared to the last fiscal year . Sinequa 's North American operations based in New York have registered exceptional growth , and are already generating more than 68 % of the company 's software business . During this period , the company 's subscription-based license fees grew by 89 % . As a result of the significant growth in the U.S. , Sinequa will move into its expanded New York office located in the heart of the Flatiron District in March .
`` We are delighted to see that in the last fiscal year , our customers and partners continue to expand the use of our platform . They are realizing how strategic cognitive search and analytics can be for their business , as it has allowed them to achieve a successful digital transformation and safeguard their leadership in a highly complex and competitive environment . This digital transformation hinges on the ability of large enterprises and public organizations to extract value from their data of all kinds -- and this is where we excel , '' said Fabrice de Salaberry , COO of Sinequa .
FY 16 Achievements - Product Innovation , Sustained Growth , Global Team Expansion , Industry Recognition
During fiscal year 2016 , Sinequa achieved the following significant milestones :
Product release : General availability of Sinequa ES Version 10 . Powered by machine learning capabilities at its core , this groundbreaking Cognitive Search & Analytics Platform helps deliver deep analytics of content and user behavior , offering information with continually improving relevance to users in their work environments .
: General availability of Sinequa ES Version 10 . Powered by machine learning capabilities at its core , this groundbreaking Cognitive Search & Analytics Platform helps deliver deep analytics of content and user behavior , offering information with continually improving relevance to users in their work environments . Major customer deals : Added new major customers in multiple industry verticals across the globe such as the International Monetary Fund , an international organization headquartered in Washington , DC , and Groupama , a leading French insurance group .
: Added new major customers in multiple industry verticals across the globe such as the International Monetary Fund , an international organization headquartered in Washington , DC , and Groupama , a leading French insurance group . License model : The company 's new subscription license model has been rapidly embraced across all markets . Among the first subscription-based sales during the period was a multi-million dollar agreement with a large U.S.-based biopharmaceutical company .
: The company 's new subscription license model has been rapidly embraced across all markets . Among the first subscription-based sales during the period was a multi-million dollar agreement with a large U.S.-based biopharmaceutical company . Partner program : Launched a new Partner Advantage Program to further expand Sinequa 's ecosystem of consulting firms , systems integrators and technology alliances . Search Technologies , Ekimetrics , Atos Worldwide , EPAM , Thales Communications & Security , Sword Group and InfoClinika have already joined Sinequa 's Partner Advantage Program .
: Launched a new Partner Advantage Program to further expand Sinequa 's ecosystem of consulting firms , systems integrators and technology alliances . Search Technologies , Ekimetrics , Atos Worldwide , EPAM , Thales Communications & Security , Sword Group and InfoClinika have already joined Sinequa 's Partner Advantage Program . Analyst Research and Awards recognition : IDC Research published an in-depth case study about `` Agile Information Discovery at AstraZeneca . '' Sinequa ES V10 was also nominated in the Big Data Insider Award 2016 in the `` Big Data Management & System Tools '' category . In addition , Sinequa has been featured in Forbes Magazine among the Top 10 Hot Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) Technologies .
Staff Expansion
During the fiscal year , Sinequa grew its worldwide team and expanded its executive leadership team with the appointment of Stéphane Kirchacker as vice president , Sales EMEA . With 20 years of sales , project management and business development experience gained in the U.S. and Europe , Kirchacker joins Sinequa from ASG Software Solutions where he was senior vice president , Business Development Infrastructure Software . Kirchacker holds an executive MBA from ESCP Europe as well as a Master degree in Artificial Intelligence from the University of Paris 6 .
In addition , Sinequa appointed Jeff Evernham as director of Consulting , North America . Evernham joined Sinequa from Knowledgent where he served as the practice lead for the company 's Analytics and Visualization practice . Evernham has also held executive leadership positions with North Highland Data and Analytics and Synygy . He holds a Master of Engineering degree from MIT .
About Sinequa
Recognized as a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Search and other analysts ' reports , Sinequa provides a cognitive search and analytics platform for Fortune Global 2000 companies and government agencies . Using advanced Natural Language Processing ( NLP ) and Machine Learning algorithms , the solution offers insights extracted from structured and unstructured data . Millions of users in the world 's largest and most information-intensive organizations , including Airbus , AstraZeneca , Atos , Biogen , UCB , Credit Agricole , Mercer , and Siemens , rely on Sinequa to put business-critical information at the fingertips of their employees . Sinequa develops its expertise and its business around the world with a broad network of technology and business partners . Sinequa is a founding sponsor of the Cognitive Computing Consortium . For more information , visit www.sinequa.com .
