click to enlarge
If you live in Sonoma County , you recently received your voter information guide for a March 7 special election . You may have been surprised to see that you are being asked to vote on commercial cannabis—again .
Did n't November 's passage of Proposition 64 create rules for cultivating , distributing and selling cannabis in our state ? What 's left to vote on at this point ? Taxes .
Measure A asks how commercial-cannabis activity in the unincorporated areas of the county should be taxed and what restrictions should apply to those activities . The county wants to impose a business-license tax on commercial cannabis , and state law requires that such a general tax must be passed by a majority of voters .
As a general tax , revenue from the proposed tax would flow into the county 's general fund and would be available for general use by the county or as specifically directed by the board of supervisors . As noted by the county counsel 's analysis in the voter guide , these uses could include code enforcement , public safety , fire protection , health , housing , road improvements and environmental protection .
The proposed cannabis business tax provides for taxation of cultivators in two ways : based on the gross receipts of the cannabis business or based on the size of the cultivation area .
In each instance , the proposed ordinance provides for tax limits based on the manner of cultivation . For outdoor cultivation , the limits are set at 10 percent of gross receipts , or $ 10 per square foot of cultivation area ; for indoor cultivation , the limits are set at 10 percent of an operation 's gross receipts , or $ 38 per square foot of cultivation area ; and for mixed-light ( i.e. , greenhouse ) cultivation , the limits are set at 10 percent of the operation 's gross receipts , or $ 22 per square foot of cultivation area .
The proposed ordinance specifies that taxation of all other commercial cannabis businesses—manufacturers , transporters , distributors , nurseries , testing laboratories and dispensaries—will be based on gross receipts .
Certainly , some level of taxation is appropriate to , at minimum , cover the cost of the county 's implementation and oversight of its newly enacted commercial cannabis regulations . On the other hand , if the tax is too high , it may have the undesirable consequence of keeping local cannabis business operating in the dark to avoid the tax . Regardless of your views , every resident should show up to the polls March 7 and vote .
Aaron Currie is an attorney with Dickenson , Peatman & Forgarty who assists cannabis businesses in complying with state and local laws . Contact him at acurrie @ dpf-law.com .
Las Vegas ' WNBA franchise will be known as the Aces .
Officials with the team , formerly the San Antonio Stars , revealed the franchise 's name and unveiled the new logo during a news conference Monday .
`` Las Vegas has enthusiastically embraced us , and we 're incredibly excited about this opportunity . We have a strong roster driven to succeed , which makes this name an ideal choice . 'Las Vegas Aces ' is a nod to the excellence , confidence and competitive spirit of our new hometown , '' said Aces coach Bill Laimbeer .
The Aces , who begin playing in Vegas next year , are only the latest professional franchise to call the city home . The NHL 's Golden Knights are off to a strong start in their inaugural season . The NFL 's Raiders are expected to relocate to Las Vegas from Oakland , California , by the 2020 season .
Quezon City 6th District Representative Jose Christopher Belmonte moves to subpoena the psychological exam reports of all sitting Supreme Court justices to make a point about irrelevance of the issue
Published 8:50 AM , December 12 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Discuss the psychological reports of all justices or do n't discuss any of them at all .
Talk on Supreme Court ( SC ) Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno 's psychological exam was put to a stop – at least temporarily – during the House committee on justice hearing on Monday , December 11 , after a legislator moved to subpoena the psychological reports of all sitting justices .
Quezon City 6th District Representative Jose Christopher Belmonte made the motion early Monday evening , citing the persistent questions of his colleagues in the powerful committee .
“ I understand that [ Sereno ] got a 4 out of a whatever possible score she could get . What I 'm trying to say is , how can we compare this with the scores of other sitting justices ? If it 's at par or the same , maybe it is n't that much of an issue , ” said Belmonte during the committee 's 7th hearing to determine probable cause in the impeachment case against Sereno .
Lawyer Larry Gadon wants Sereno impeached because she supposedly made decisions without the Supreme Court en banc 's knowledge , and misused funds , among others . Gadon had earlier asked the Judicial and Bar Council ( JBC ) , which screens appointees to the judiciary , including the Supreme Court , to reveal Sereno 's psychological exam results . This was denied .
Gadon claims Sereno got a 4 in the exam , with 5 being the lowest possible score .
Several times in the hearing on December 11 , legislators and Supreme Court associate justices made allusions to Sereno 's alleged incapacity to lead the High Court .
Associate justices criticized Sereno for her apparent pattern of making decisions without the en banc 's knowledge . ( READ : Justices on Sereno 'transgressions ' : Until when will we suffer ? )
Associate Justice Francis Jardeleza , in particular , spoke passionately about Sereno 's apparent attempts to exclude him from the JBC list when he applied for an associate justice post . Jardeleza accused Sereno of treason , as he narrated the “ inhuman ” treatment he recevied .
Cebu 3rd District Representative Gwen Garcia later asked if Sereno 's actions to “ kill ” his career were “ normal ” for a Chief Justice .
“ I believe that it is not the act of a normal person , ” was Jardeleza 's curt reply .
Belmonte 's motion to subpoena the psychological exam results of all sitting justices went un-seconded . Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas opposed the motion , saying it was “ irrelevant and immaterial and unbecoming ” of the committee to summon the exam results of all justices , especially since the Supreme Court had been cooperative with the committee .
The Supreme Court en banc had earlier allowed Supreme Court personalities , including associate justices , to testify before the committee .
Belmonte later explained he was merely making a point .
“ If the deviance between the Chief Justice 's exam results and that of the other justices is big , we might have an issue . But if there 's none , I do n't see the relevance of pressing on the psychological results , ” he said .
The committee has yet to flesh out Gadon 's allegations over the psychological exam results . Speaking to reporters after the hearing , committee chairman Reynaldo Umali said he is not sure how the committee will eventually tackle this , since they can not subpoena documentary evidence . – Rappler.com
History was made by the Thomas A. Stewart Griffins Secondary School senior girls soccer team on Wednesday .
The Griffins won the school its first COSSA girls soccer title in its 50 years after finishing as runner-up three straight years . They edged the Cobourg Collegiate Wolves 2-1 in the COSSA AAA final at Eastgate Memorial Park earning a trip to OFSAA next Thursday to Saturday in Windsor .
Griffins coach Barry Driscoll said he 's coached six Griffins teams to COSSA silver medals .
`` We were talking about how we 've been the bridesmaids for so long , '' Driscoll said .
`` To finally get over the hump and win the gold is a big accomplishment and says a lot about the girls . They 're such a great group and they 've really worked hard to achieve it . ''
The Griffins are undefeated this season and prior to Wednesday had not surrendered a goal against in Kawartha league and playoff games . They beat Quinte Christian High School 2-1 in semifinal play on two goals by Rebecca Bartosh . In the final , Bartosh notched the winner and Violet Hipkin had the other while Emily Deck made some big saves late in the game .
`` We 've had decent teams in the past and things have n't gone our way , '' Driscoll said . `` When you add a player like Rebecca Bartosh to our already strong team everybody becomes stronger . We have Emily Deck , a Grade 9 , an experienced goalie playing goal for us .
`` That makes a big difference in high school because a lot of times you do n't have an experienced goalie and have to make do with what you have . The girls really gelled and we had a lot of fun . ''
The Griffins beat Cobourg 5-0 in last week 's Kawartha final but Driscoll knew this would be a tougher game . They built a 2-0 lead and were in control until the final 20 minutes when Cobourg scored and pushed hard to the final whistle . Brooke Kupke had the Wolves ' tally . They also beat Bayside , the top seed in Quinte , 7-1 in the semifinals .
`` They did n't have their full team last week so we knew they 'd be tough , '' Driscoll said .
CT Current Conditions
CT Current Conditions as of 06:00 AM EDT Wednesday , July 4 , 2018
_____
City/Town ; Weather Condition ; Temp ( F ) ; Wind Direction ; Wind Speed ( MPH ) ; Humidity ( % )
Bridgeport ; Mostly cloudy ; 74 ; N ; 2 ; 91 %
Chester ; Fog ; 73 ; Calm ; 0 ; 100 %
Danbury ; Mostly cloudy ; 70 ; SW ; 3 ; 100 %
Groton ; Thunderstorms ; 71 ; W ; 9 ; 96 %
Hartford ; Fog ; 75 ; Calm ; 0 ; 96 %
Meriden ; Partly sunny ; 72 ; Calm ; 0 ; 96 %
New Haven ; Mostly cloudy ; 74 ; S ; 3 ; 90 %
Oxford ; Fog ; 71 ; Calm ; 0 ; 96 %
Willimantic ; Cloudy ; 75 ; Calm ; 0 ; 93 %
Windsor Locks ; Fog ; 75 ; N ; 6 ; 96 %
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
The Royal Wedding may have been the weekend prior , but Sasha Pieterse did n't let her princess moment pass her by for her wedding day . The PLL actress , 22 , tied the knot in Ireland over the weekend with boyfriend Hudson Scheaffer , 28 , in an intimate ceremony , surrounded by close friends and family . And in the wedding photos shared exclusively with PEOPLE , her dreamy ruffled Christian Siriano wedding gown was the star of the show ( in addition to the couple themselves ) .
Elizabeth Messina
And a few days later , the new bride is showing you the dramatic gown from every angle . In an Instagram video posted Tuesday night , the couple stands still while the camera pans in a 360-degree view while a shower of gold confetti cascades over them .
“ A few days ago , I married the man of my dreams at a castle in a faraway land in front of my closest friends and family…swoon , ” Pieterse captioned the video , before jokingly apologizing for the amount of wedding and honeymoon content to come on her feed .
Her swoon-worthy dress was designed by Christian Siriano , who also designed wedding looks for Orange is the New Black actress Samira Wiley and her wife Lauren Morelli for their wedding in March 2017 .
The new couple celebrated their big day at Leslie Castle , in Glaslough , Ireland . The PLL star , who is now starring in a spinoff of the series , The Perfectionists , completed her wedding look with a circular diamond necklace from XIV Karats and earrings and bracelets from Voltaire Diamonds . Her beauty look was composed of center-parted loose waves courtesy of hairstylist , Ryan Richman , and a smoky eye , pale pink lip and glowing skin thanks to makeup artist Kirin Bhatty . The wedding photos were captured by photographer Elizabeth Messina .
RELATED PHOTOS : All the Celebrities Who 've Tied the Knot in 2018
Elizabeth Messina
For his part , Scheaffer wore a sleek black tuxedo , a classic black bow tie and a pair of black patent shoes .
RELATED : Pretty Little Liars ' Sasha Pieterse Marries Hudson Scheaffer at Irish Castle
Elizabeth Messina
Elizabeth Messina
Although the dress was a moment , in the end the wedding was all about love for the pair .
“ He 's incredible , ” Pieterse told PEOPLE while she was competing on Dancing With the Stars in October 2017 . “ What we originated our relationship on was honesty , commitment , being loyal , being supportive , making sure that the communication is open enough and obviously love , ” she said . “ I 'm excited to start our life together . ”
( Adds shares , details )
March 31 Online betting firm Betsson said on Friday it was lowering its targeted dividend payout ratio to boost its ability to make acquisitions , sending shares lower .
* Betsson said in a statement its new policy , in effect as of 2017 , was an ambition to distribute up to 50 pct of net earnings .
* Earlier policy stated an ambition to distribute up to 75 percent of income after tax to shareholders .
* Betsson said decision to change dividend policy in order to increase company 's financial capabilities to be active in consolidation of gaming industry .
* Betsson shares down 2.5 pct at 1155 GMT vs a 1.3 pct rise ahead of the news .
* `` The new dividend policy gives Betsson increased capabilities to make acquisitions , which the Board believes will add long-term value to shareholders , '' Betsson Chairman Pontus Lindwall said in a statement . Source text for Eikon : ( Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom , editing by Terje Solsvik )
Four local girls basketball teams , not counting the teams that received a first-round bye , advanced into the second round of the state playoffs on Monday night . The Gulfport Lady Admirals received a first-round bye after winning the Region 8-6A title last week with a win over Harrison Central .
Tuesday A 10 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 7am . Partly sunny , with a high near 81 . South wind 11 to 15 mph , with gusts as high as 22 mph .
Tuesday Night A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 1am . Partly cloudy , with a low around 61 . Breezy , with a south wind 13 to 21 mph , with gusts as high as 29 mph .
Wednesday Sunny , with a high near 84 . Breezy , with a southwest wind 16 to 20 mph , with gusts as high as 28 mph .
Wednesday Night A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 1am . Partly cloudy , with a low around 48 . North wind 14 to 17 mph , with gusts as high as 26 mph .
Thursday Mostly sunny , with a high near 67 .
Thursday Night A 30 percent chance of rain and thunderstorms after 1am . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 46 .
Friday A chance of rain and thunderstorms , then rain likely and possibly a thunderstorm after 1pm . Cloudy , with a high near 56 . Breezy . Chance of precipitation is 70 % .
Friday Night Rain likely and possibly a thunderstorm before 1am , then a chance of rain . Cloudy , with a low around 43 . Chance of precipitation is 60 % .
Saturday A 20 percent chance of rain before 1pm . Partly sunny , with a high near 58 . Breezy .
Saturday Night Partly cloudy , with a low around 40 .
Sunday Sunny , with a high near 65 .
Sunday Night Mostly clear , with a low around 44 .
Monday Mostly sunny , with a high near 69 .
0 SHARES 17 VIEWS Share Tweet Share Pin Share Send
Last night , Tyler Morse , CEO of MCR , officially opened the TWA lounge at 1WTC and revealed plans for the highly-anticipated TWA Hotel at JFK International Airport . The TWA will preserve Eero Saarinen 's iconic TWA Flight Center terminal , restoring the 1962 landmark to its Jet Age splendor for generations to enjoy .
With views from Manhattan to JFK Airport 12 miles to the east , the TWA lounge at 1WTC on the 86th floor , designed by Lubrano Ciavarra Architects , is informed by key design features of Eero Saarinen 's iconic TWA Flight Center .
JFK Airport is one of the largest international transit hubs in the world and a key driver of New York 's economy , ” Governor Cuomo said . “ The conversion of the TWA Flight Center into a new state-of-the-art hotel will preserve this iconic landmark while cementing JFK 's status as a crown jewel of aviation . This groundbreaking builds on our efforts to modernize gateways across the state and we will continue working to drive growth , support thriving regional economies and build 21stcentury infrastructure of the caliber that New York deserves . ”
Handling over 56 million passengers a year , JFK International Airport serves as the region 's international gateway to the United States . Rehabilitating the TWA Flight Center as JFK 's first on-site , full-service hotel will provide a game-changing 21st century amenity for travelers from across the country and around the world .
“ The passion for this incredible building and the outpouring of support for our plan to preserve Saarinen 's masterpiece and permanently reopen it to the public as a 500-room hotel has been astounding , ” said Tyler Morse , CEO of MCR Development , the New York-based hotel investment firm responsible for the TWA Flight Center redevelopment plan . “ We are proud to play a part in Governor Cuomo 's plan to revitalize our region 's airports and we are excited to get to work as we breathe new life into one of the most important buildings in America . ”
The TWA Hotel will deliver a world class airport hotel to New York with 505 guestrooms , 483 rooms and 22 suites .
A man has appeared in court in Toronto charged with 10 counts of first degree murder .
25-year-old Alex Minassian was arrested after driving a van onto a pavement and into pedestrians yesterday .
10 people were killed and 15 others were injured .
He has now appeared in court where he has also been charged with 13 cases of attempted murder .
Mr Minassian did n't enter a plea and is due back in court on May 10th .
It is the worst mass killing in Canada in decades .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
FILE PHOTO - Cars are seen in a parking lot in Palm Springs , California April 13 , 2015 . Picture taken April 13 , 2015 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
DETROIT Major automakers on Tuesday posted declines in U.S. new vehicle sales for April in a sign the long boom cycle that lifted the American auto industry to record sales last year is losing steam , sending carmaker stocks down .
The drop in sales versus April 2016 came on the heels of a disappointing March , which automakers had shrugged off as just a bad month . But two straight weak months has heightened Wall Street worries the cyclical industry is on a downward swing after a nearly uninterrupted boom since the Great Recession 's end in 2010 .
Auto sales were a drag on U.S. first-quarter gross domestic product , with the economy growing at an annual rate of just 0.7 percent according to an advance estimate published by the Commerce Department last Friday .
Excluding the auto sector the GDP growth rate would have been 1.2 percent .
Industry consultant Autodata put the industry 's seasonally adjusted annualized rate of sales at 16.88 million units for April , below the average of 17.2 million units predicted by analysts polled by Reuters .
General Motors Co ( GM.N ) shares fell 2.9 percent while Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) slid 4.3 percent and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV 's U.S.-traded ( FCHA.MI ) ( FCAU.N ) shares tumbled 4.2 percent .
The U.S. auto industry faces multiple challenges . Sales are slipping and vehicle inventory levels have risen even as carmakers have hiked discounts to lure customers . A flood of used vehicles from the boom cycle are increasingly competing with new cars .
The question for automakers : How much and for how long to curtail production this summer , which will result in worker layoffs ?
To bring down stocks of unsold vehicles , the Detroit automakers need to cut production , and offer more discounts without creating `` an incentives war , '' said Mark Wakefield , head of the North American automotive practice for AlixPartners in Southfield , Michigan .
`` We see multiple weeks ( of production ) being taken out on the car side , '' he said , `` and some softness on the truck side . ''
Rival automakers will be watching each other to see if one is cutting prices to gain market share from another , he said , instead of just clearing inventory .
INVESTORS DIGEST BAD NEWS
Just last week GM reported a record first-quarter profit , but that had almost zero impact on the automaker 's stock .
The iconic carmaker , whose own interest was once conflated with that of America 's , has slipped behind luxury carmaker Tesla Inc ( TSLA.O ) in terms of valuation .
On Tuesday , Tesla 's market value was $ 53 billion , nearly $ 3 billion larger than GM 's .
GM said April sales fell 6 percent , but crossovers and trucks continued to see strong growth .
Sales at Ford , the No . 2 U.S. automaker by sales after GM , fell 7.2 percent in April , while Toyota ( 7203.T ) ( TM.N ) recorded a drop of 4.4 percent and FCA sales were off 7 percent .
U.S. consumers have increasingly shunned cars in favor of larger crossovers , SUVs and trucks . While automakers posted steep sales declines for cars in April , SUVs , crossovers and trucks were either up or off only slightly .
New vehicle sales hit a record 17.55 million units in 2016 . But as the consumer appetite for new cars has waned , automakers have leaned more heavily on discounts .
GM said its consumer discounts were equivalent to 11.7 percent of the transaction price . The automaker also said its inventory level rose to 100 days of supply at the end of April versus around 70 days at the end of 2016 .
Recent levels have worried analysts , and GM has promised inventories will be down by the end of 2017 .
On a conference call Mark LaNeve , Ford 's vice president for U.S. marketing , sales and service , insisted the industry was `` relatively constrained '' in offering discounts in April .
Ford car sales dropped 21 percent and trucks declined 4.2 percent , while SUV sales rose 1.2 percent .
Toyota 's luxury Lexus brand posted an 11.1 percent slide . U.S. car sales at the Japanese automaker were down 10.4 percent , while truck sales were up 2.1 percent .
Nissan Motor Co Ltd ( 7201.T ) said April U.S. sales were off 1.5 percent , but SUVs , crossovers and trucks jumped 11 percent .
Honda Motor Co Ltd ( 7267.T ) ( HMC.N ) reported a 7 percent decline in sales in April , with cars off 7.4 percent and trucks up just 0.8 percent .
( Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Lisa Shumaker )
Canton McKinley 's Kierstan Bell Named Ohio Ms. Basketball
Becomes the fifth two-time winner in Ohio history , a list that includes former McKinley standout Ameryst Alston
COLUMBUS , Ohio – Canton McKinley High School junior Kierstan Bell was named Ohio Ms. Basketball Wednesday by a statewide media panel . Bell becomes the fifth two-time winner in Ohio history .
A 6-foot-1 junior , Bell averaged 33.3 points , 9.6 rebounds , 5.0 steals , 3.9 assists and 2.5 blocks per game while shooting 52.7 percent from the floor for the Pups ( 23-2 ) , who lost to Wadsworth in the Division I district final . She set McKinley records for points in a game ( 53 ) , season ( 833 ) and career ( 2,104 ) .
Other finalists for the Ms. Basketball Award included Jacy Sheldon , Dublin Coffman ; Jordan Horston , Columbus Africentric ; Sammie Puisis , Mason ; Alli Kern , Waterford ; Lilly Ritz , Cambridge ; Naz Hillmon , Gates Mills Gilmour Academy ; Taylor Mikesell , Massillon Jackson ; and Zia Cooke , Toledo Rogers .
Top ‘ Dog : McKinley 's Bell repeats as Ms. Basketball
By Joe Scalzo , Canton Repository sports writer
On Jan. 24 , minutes before the biggest regular season basketball game of her career , Canton McKinley junior Kierstan Bell was standing for the national anthem when she started hearing whispers behind her .
“ Everyone behind me was like , ‘ LeBron 's here , LeBron 's here ' ” Bell said . “ I was like , ‘ You 're joking . ' And they said , ‘ No , he 's really here . '
“ I was n't trying to be rude and just look , so I turned my head a little bit and said , ‘ I do n't see him . ' They said , ‘ He 's in camouflage . ' ”
That 's when she spotted him , roughly 100 feet away from her in the top left corner of the Massillon Jackson High School bleachers . Bell was much easier to find that night , pouring in 38 points to go with eight rebounds and five steals in front of a crowd of 1,500 fans as the Bulldogs won 69-57 to clinch the Federal League title , avenge their only regular season loss and win Bell 's final game against fellow Stark County standout Taylor Mikesell .
LeBron , meet “ She-Bron . ”
“ It was very exciting , but I told my team that we have to go out there and get the ‘ dub , ' ” Bell said . “ With one minute left , everyone was running and walking out to get their picture with him , but I did n't let it get to me , even though I wanted to so bad .
“ That was the highlight of the year , for sure . ”
On Wednesday , she got a better one .
A year after becoming the first sophomore to win Ohio 's Ms. Basketball , Bell became just the fifth girl to repeat , joining Garfield Heights Trinity 's Vonda Ward ( 1990-91 ) and Semeka Randall ( 1996-97 ) , Mason 's Michelle Munoz ( 2000-01 ) and McKinley 's Ameryst Alston ( 2011-12 ) .
She 's also on track to match James , the only player in Ohio history to win Mr. Basketball three times , which he did from 2001-03 at Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary .
“ For her to be in the same breath as Ameryst , Michelle Munoz , Semeka Randall and Vonda Ward … I mean , those are legends of the game , ” said Bulldogs coach Pam Davis , who also coached Alston . “ They played at such an elite , high level for a lot of years . I think that 's legendary . I think her name will forever be in the record books with those types of athletes . ”
Bell , a 6-foot-1 junior , averaged 33.3 points , 9.6 rebounds , 5.0 steals , 3.9 assists and 2.5 blocks per game while shooting 52.7 percent from the floor for the Pups ( 23-2 ) , who lost to Wadsworth in the Division I district final . She set McKinley records for points in a game ( 53 ) , season ( 833 ) and career ( 2,104 ) . Her 833 points also are a county record , while her career point total ranks No . 2 to Mikesell , a Maryland recruit who finished her career with 2,175 .
“ There was a lot of pressure this year , ” Bell said . “ This ( winning twice ) would mean a lot . It means God gave me a gift and allowed me to perform the way I do .
“ But it 's not just about me . It 's about God and family and community and helping kids . We had a little girl who came to practices all the time and they were like , ‘ Who 's your favorite basketball player ? ' She said me and it was so cute . It 's amazing how the things you do can impact other people 's lives . ”
Bell now has the chance to impact someone else 's program . She 's ranked No . 4 nationally in her class by ESPN — the highest of any girl in Ohio — and already has more than 30 Division I offers , including Ohio State , Michigan State , Notre Dame and UCLA . She plans to make her decision after her AAU season ends this spring .
Regardless of her college choice , Bell wants to make at least one more trip to Columbus — for next year 's girls state tournament . After losing to eventual champion Cincinnati Mt . Notre Dame in last year 's state semifinals , this year 's early exit still stings .
“ We took our loss , but next year we 're going to come back and fight harder than ever , ” Bell said . “ Everyone thought we should have gotten it ( a championship ) this year , but things happen and you can only learn from it and get better . You 're going to take losses in life . You just have to bounce back . ”
Past Ohio Ms. Basketball Ohio winners
2018 – Kierstan Bell , Canton McKinley , junior
2017 – Kierstan Bell , Canton McKinley , sophomore
2016 – Jensen Caretti , Hannibal River , senior
2015 – Hallie Thome , Chagrin Falls , senior
2014 – Kelsey Mitchell , Cin . Princeton , senior
2013 – Ashley Morrissette , Twinsburg , senior
2012 – Ameryst Alston , Canton McKinley , senior
2011 – Ameryst Alston , Canton McKinley , junior
2010 – Natasha Howard , Tol . Waite , senior
2009 – Kendall Hackney , Cin . Mount Notre Dame , senior
2008 – Amber Gray , West Chester Lakota West , senior
2007 – Jantel Lavender , Cleveland Central Catholic , senior
2006 – Tyra Grant , Youngstown Ursuline , senior
2005 – Maria Getty , Dayton Chaminade-Julienne , senior
2004 – Mel Thomas , Cincinnati Mount Notre Dame , senior
2003 – Brittany Hunter , Columbus Brookhaven , senior
2002 – Barbara Turner , Cleveland East Tech , senior
2001 – Michelle Munoz , Mason , senior
2000 – Michelle Munoz , Mason , junior
1999 – ( TIE ) Kaayla Chones , Eastlake North , senior ; LaToya Turner , Pickerington , senior
1998 – Tamika Williams , Dayton Chaminade-Julienne , senior
1997 – Semeka Randall , Garfield Hts . Trinity , senior
1996 – Semeka Randall , Garfield Hts . Trinity , junior
1995 – Beth Ostendorf , Pickerington , senior
1994 – Na'Sheema Hillmon , Garfield Hts . Trinity , senior
1993 – Marlene Stollings , Beaver Eastern , senior
1992 – Katie Smith , Logan , senior
1991 – Vonda Ward , Garfield Hts . Trinity , senior
1990 – Vonda Ward , Garfield Hts . Trinity , junior
1989 – Carol Madsen , Reading , senior
1988 – Janet Haneberg , Cincinnati Seton , senior
Notable
Won as junior and also two-time winner ( 5 ) : Vonda Ward , Garfield Heights . Trinity ( 1990 , 1991 ) ; Semeka Randall , Garfield Heights Trinity ( 1996 , 1997 ) ; Michelle Munoz , Mason ( 2000 , 2001 ) , Ameryst Alston , Canton McKinley ( 2011 , 2012 ) , Kierstan Bell , Canton McKinley ( 2017 , 2018 )
Won as sophomore ( 1 ) : Kierstan Bell , Canton McKinley ( 2017 )
Co-winners ( 1 ) : 1999 – Kaayla Chones , Eastlake North and LaToya Turner , Pickerington
All-Ohio Teams Announced
The Division I and II girls basketball All-Ohio teams were announced Monday , followed by the Division III and IV All-Ohio teams on Tuesday . The teams were selected by members of the Ohio Prep Sportswriters Association . The Associated Press no longer coordinates postseason honors for high school sports .
More about the Ohio Prep Sportswriters Association can be found at : http : //www.ohsaa.org/news/OPSWA
This week 's girls basketball state tournament pairings and boys basketball regional pairings can be found at : http : //bit.ly/2gMW5FK
This week 's girls basketball state tournament coverage is at : http : //bit.ly/2HsBZMg
http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_image001.jpg
Trough of a low pressure area affecting the eastern section of Mindanao . Northeast monsoon affecting Luzon and Eastern Visayas
What 's the weather like in your area ? Tweet us the situation : Use # weatheralert and tag @ rapplerdotcom
MANILA , Philippines – Cloudy skies with light to moderate rainshowers and isolated thunderstorms will be experienced over Mindanao on Monday , January 2 , said state weather bureau of PAGASA .
In its 5 pm weather bulletin released on Sunday , Cordillera , Cagayan Valley , Bicol , Eastern Visayas as well as Aurora and Quezon is expected to have cloudy skies with light to moderate rains .
Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated rainshowers or thunderstorms will be seen over Metro Manila and the rest of the country .
Luzon , the eastern section of Visayas , and Mindanao will have moderate to strong winds blowing from the northeast , causing moderate to rough coastal waters .
Elsewhere , light to moderate winds coming from the northeast will be accompanied by slight to moderate seas
City Forecast Temperature
Range Metro Manila Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated rainshowers or thunderstorms 24°C-31°C Tuguegarao Light rains 22°C-27°C Laoag Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated light rains 24°C-32°C Baguio Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated light rains 15°C-23°C Subic/Olongapo ; Clark/Angeles Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated light rains 24°C-31°C Tagaytay Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated light rains 21°C-29°C Lipa Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated light rains 24°C-30°C Legazpi Light rains 26°C-29°C Puerto Princesa Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated rainshowers or thunderstorms 25°C-32°C Iloilo/Bacolod Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated rainshowers or thunderstorms 25°C-31°C Metro Cebu Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated rainshowers or thunderstorms 26°C-29°C Tacloban Light rains 25°C-28°C Cagayan de Oro Cloudy with rainshowers and thunderstorms 23°C-30°C Valencia Cloudy with rainshowers and thunderstorms 18°C-28°C Metro Davao Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated light rains 24°C-29°C Zamboanga Partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated light rains 25°C-31°C
– Rappler.com
Not even celebrities are immune to the infamous mom guilt .
“ Right now , our kids want us to be there all the time , and I 'm still at that place where I feel really guilty , ” Hilaria Baldwin — pregnant wife of Alec Baldwin and mom to Leonardo “ Leo ” Ángel Charles , 18 months , Rafael Thomas , 2½ , and Carmen Gabriela , 4½ — says in the latest segment of PEOPLE 's Mom Talk .
“ I just feel really bad because then they get really upset , ” explains the 34-year-old fitness guru of the times she leaves her children home to tend to other duties .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Daphne Oz , LaTonya Yvette and Hilaria Baldwin
Watch Hilaria Baldwin talk parenting and more on Mom Talk . Go to PeopleTV.com , or download the PeopleTV app on your favorite streaming device .
“ Well they know how to come and chase you and be like , ‘ Do n't go , I want you to stay , ' ” pipes in Daphne Oz — mom to Domenica Celine , 3 months , Jovan Jr. , 2 , and Philomena Bijou , 4 .
“ Nothing will ever break your heart the way that little voice saying that [ does ] , ” adds Oz , 32 . “ As much as I tell myself , ‘ Mom guilt helps no one , ' you just have to do what makes you happy — happy kids come from happy parents . They will feed off of that . ”
Daphne Oz and family Courtesy Daphne Oz
RELATED : Why Daphne Oz Says Not Sharing Photos of Her Three Kids on Social Media Would Feel “ Artificial ”
For more coverage , follow our babies magazine on Flipboard .
“ It does get a little bit better , ” says stylist and blogger LaTonya Yvette . “ My daughter does n't blink … at 7 , she 's like , ‘ Okay , bye . ' ”
“ My daughter says , ‘ Mommy , I miss you even when I 'm with you , ” says Baldwin . “ I 'm like , ‘ I better not go . ' Like , how much closer can you get ? ”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Journalists struggle to keep online threats from escalating
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Brian Witte , AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 Files - This Friday , June 29 , 2018 , file photo , shows letters and flowers forming a memorial at the State House , in Annapolis , Md. , in honor of the five slain members of The Capital Gazette newspaper who were shot and killed in a newsroom attack . Online harassment from members of the public presents difficulties for the news outlets and journalists they target . The suspect in the deadly attack at the Capital Gazette had harassed the paper for years , but was never charged . less FILE - This Friday , June 29 , 2018 , file photo , shows letters and flowers forming a memorial at the State House , in Annapolis , Md. , in honor of the five slain members of The Capital Gazette newspaper who were ... more Photo : Brian Witte , AP Image 2 of 7 Judy Hiaasen , center left , sister of Rob Hiaasen , one of the journalists killed in the shooting at The Capital Gazette newspaper offices , hugs her nephew Scott following a memorial service , Monday , July 2 , 2018 , in Owings Mills , Md . less Judy Hiaasen , center left , sister of Rob Hiaasen , one of the journalists killed in the shooting at The Capital Gazette newspaper offices , hugs her nephew Scott following a memorial service , Monday , July 2 , ... more Photo : Patrick Semansky , AP Image 3 of 7 Colleen Joseph prays over the crosses at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , on Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Jarrod Ramos is charged with murder after police say he opened fire Thursday at the newspaper . less Colleen Joseph prays over the crosses at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , on Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Jarrod Ramos is charged ... more Photo : Jose Luis Magana , AP Image 4 of 7 A makeshift memorial is seen at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Prosecutors say 38-year-old Jarrod W. Ramos opened fire Thursday in the Capital Gazette newsroom killing five journalists . less A makeshift memorial is seen at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Prosecutors say 38-year-old Jarrod W. Ramos opened fire ... more Photo : Jose Luis Magana , AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 Capital Gazette reporter E.B . Furgurson III pauses by the crosses representing his five colleagues at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Prosecutors say 38-year-old Jarrod W. Ramos opened fire Thursday in the Capital Gazette newsroom killing five employees . less Capital Gazette reporter E.B . Furgurson III pauses by the crosses representing his five colleagues at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in ... more Photo : Jose Luis Magana , AP Image 7 of 7 Journalists struggle to keep online threats from escalating 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) — After a Florida radio station 's general manager told hosts they did n't have to put an obnoxious repeat caller on the air a couple of months ago , the man stood on the sidewalk outside and vented his irritation with the station through a bullhorn .
Craig Kopp , manager of WMNF-FM in Tampa , said the guy left for a while but reappeared — the day after a shooting left five Maryland newspaper employees dead .
Now Kopp 's stomach is twisted in knots wondering how to handle the situation .
`` I walk this fine line all the time between the most precious of things , the First Amendment , and health and safety , '' said Kopp , a broadcast veteran in charge of 70 volunteers who host music , news and heated political talk shows on the listener-supported station .
The difficulties journalists face when dealing with threatening behavior from members of the public came into stark relief in Thursday 's deadly attack at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis .
Suspect Jarrod Ramos , 38 , has a well-documented history of harassing the paper 's staff . He filed a defamation suit against the paper in 2012 that was thrown out as groundless and often railed against them in profanity-laced tweets .
Ramos ' ire began with an online harassment and stalking case stemming from contact with a high school classmate in late 2009 or early 2010 . The woman eventually went to police , and Ramos pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor harassment charge . The newspaper 's story about the case touched off a yearslong tirade from Ramos .
A barrage of menacing tweets led to an investigation five years ago , but a detective concluded Ramos was no threat , and the paper did n't want to press charges for fear of `` putting a stick in a beehive . ''
People who have been the victims of online discussion of physical violence , doxing ( publishing private information ) and rape threats are n't surprised the Capital Gazette attack started with online harassment .
Katie Kausch said she was harassed online as an intern at MTV after writing a story about people who do n't believe the Sandy Hook shooting that killed 26 at an elementary school really happened .
Anonymous people unhappy with the story found Kausch 's college grade point average and her little sister 's school address and published them online . They wrote vague , menacing statements like `` I hope nothing happens to you ... . ''
Kausch said MTV 's legal team was helpful to a point , but because the harassers were anonymous and had n't issued a specific threat against her , there was n't much she could do .
`` Legal was an all-female team ; everybody had experienced some level of doxing or threats , '' she said , adding that she and her mother decided not to report the harassment to police .
Sarah Kogod , a former director of development for sports website SB Nation who has led workshops on how to deal with online harassment , said the threats are difficult to handle , both for police and the social media networks themselves .
`` The general rule is that if it 's a direct threat , all jurisdictions will take that seriously , '' she said . `` The challenge comes when the communication is vague . It 's brushed off as someone being a jerk . In most cases , it is . ''
She encourages liberal use of the block function and thinks companies need to deal better with online harassment .
`` I truly feel that organizations have a responsibility to make sure they can guide their staff through that harassment , '' both online and off , she said .
It 's something Kopp , the station manager , has considered . Although he 's used to sharp online words like ones they remove from the news department 's Facebook page , he wonders how to handle the in-person threat of the angry man with the bullhorn . He 's putting in new surveillance cameras and people must be buzzed in the front door , something that seems anathema to the station 's community-oriented approach .
`` We 've had potlucks with the doors wide open , for the community to come right in to see what radio station looks like . I do n't want to stop that , '' he said .
Several weeks ago , the man marched past a receptionist into the on-air studio . By the time police came , the man was back on public property . So far , Kopp has called police twice on the man , but there 's been no arrest .
`` I think some of these people are unstable , and in the current environment , I do n't know what could set somebody off in the wrong direction . It 's a constant worry , now more than ever before , '' Kopp said .
May 3 Fallout from a series of corruption probes involving Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht S.A. is slowing down infrastructure development and creating negative spillovers across Latin America , Moody 's Investor Service said on Wednesday in a report .
Odebrecht is at the heart of Brazil 's bribery and kickback probe , known as Lava Jato or Car Wash , which has been linked to hundreds of politicians and public figures and cited as among the factors leading to the impeachment of former President Dilma Rousseff .
`` Several infrastructure concessions have been halted and will need to be re-launched as a result of the Odebrecht corruption scandal , '' Moody 's Vice President Adrian Garza said in the report . `` The legal and administrative hurdles for these projects will likely take another 12 to 24 months . ''
Moody 's also said it expects that the resulting slowdown in the execution of projects will delay the pace Latin American countries are able to grow their infrastructure , making it difficult to reduce the region 's sizable infrastructure gap .
The company has admitted to paying $ 788 million in bribes to government officials in 11 countries beyond Brazil , including nine in Latin America , according to the Moody 's report .
Brazilian President Michel Temer has been accused of hosting a 2010 meeting where an Odebrecht executive was asked to arrange a $ 40 million illegal payment to his political party . Temer has dismissed the graft accusation .
Former Peruvian President Ollanta Humala also has been accused of taking illicit funds from the company as have a number of high-ranking politicians from across the region .
( Reporting by Dion Rabouin ; Editing by Christian Plumb and Diane Craft )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- An arrest has been made after a firearm was found on the premises of a Richmond middle school Tuesday afternoon , according to Crime Insider sources .
Police say the weapon was found at Henderson Middle School , located at 4319 Old Brook Road .
A Richmond Police School Resource Officer was informed about the discovery at around 12:30 p.m , according to police . CBS 6 is working to find out where exactly the gun was found on school grounds .
Crime Insider sources confirm an arrest has been made in connection to the incident . CBS 6 is working to confirm those details with police .
CBS 6 reached out to Richmond Public Schools for comment about the incident .
School spokesperson Kenita Bowers said , “ We are unable to comment beyond stating that this is a personnel matter that is being investigated . ”
Police say they are still in the early stages of their investigation .
Anyone with additional information is encouraged to call Crime Stoppers at 780-1000 . Citizens can also text Crime Stoppers at 274637 , using the key word “ ITip ” followed by your tip . Both Crime Stoppers methods are anonymous .
Stay with CBS 6 for the latest on this developing story .
37.596565 -77.445964
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade , Uptown String Band ! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year 's parade and our archive of your past performances . Mr. Future !
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , she said on Wednesday .
DALLAS — San Antonio 's Kawhi Leonard is expected to make his season debut Tuesday when the Spurs visit Dallas .
Leonard has missed all 27 of the Spurs ' games this season while recovering from right quadriceps tendinopathy , a condition that causes pain and weakness in the knee .
Leonard last played in Game 1 of last season 's Western Conference finals . He hurt his left ankle in the opener of that series against Golden State , turning it while trying to land after a jump shot and coming down on the foot of Warriors centre Zaza Pachulia .
The Spurs are listing Leonard as probable . Even without Leonard , who averaged a career-best 25.5 points last season and is a two-time defensive player of the year , the Spurs are 19-8 this season and third in the Western Conference .
SAINT-DENIS , France — A dropped goal by Jonathan Sexton in the 83rd minute broke France as Ireland edged a dramatic Six Nations encounter 15-13 in the rain on Saturday .
The French looked out of it until a superb converted try by right winger Teddy Thomas swung it in their favour and made it 13-12 with only eight minutes to go . Replacement flyhalf Anthony Belleau made the conversion but blew a penalty shortly afterward , giving the Irish time .
They used it with extraordinary composure to work into the French half , going through nearly 40 phases of play before appearing to stall around halfway .
Then came the moment .
Marilyn Fern Miller , 78 , passed away Saturday March 17 , 2018 , at Cherry Village Care Home . She was born May 8 , 1939 , in Great Bend , the daughter of Harold and Etta ( Lesh ) Betts .
Mrs. Miller was a homemaker and a resident of Great Bend . Marilyn attended school in Russell and Great Bend , graduating from Great Bend High School with the class of 1958 . She was a member of Beta Sigma Phi . Loved her family unconditionally and always loved the outdoors and animals . She was united in marriage to Tim Miller in November of 1957 in Great Bend and they were divorced in 1977 .
Survivors include son Sean Miller and wife Julie , daughter Kim Sneath and husband Terry and niece Pamela French all Great Bend ; great nephew Donovan Bryceland of Eugene , Ore. ; grandchildren , Chance DeForest and wife Natalie and Tyler DeForest ; three great grandchildren Riley , Analyn and Kholby DeForest . She was preceded in death by her parents , brother Jack E. Betts and sister Lula E. Lewis .
Memorial service will be 11:00 a.m. , Thursday March 22 , 2018 , at Bryant Funeral home , with Pastor Dale MacKinney officiating . Inurnment will follow at Great Bend Cemetery . No visitation since cremation has taken place .
Memorials have been established with Golden Belt Humane Society or Cherry Village Activity Fund , in care of Bryant Funeral Home .
Condolences may be sent and notice viewed at www.bryantfh.net
Arrangements by Bryant Funeral Home
1425 Patton Road Great Bend , Kansas 67530
Jon Burkett will have more on this story on CBS 6 News at 11 p.m .
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY , Va. – A man has been arrested after a Chesterfield teenager said he raped her at knifepoint inside of a mobile home early Wednesday morning .
For more than three minutes after she had called 911 she says the suspect , Shawn Morris , put a 10-inch long blade to her and raped her as police arrived to the scene .
“ He said , ‘ Get into the bathroom . If I 'm going to jail , I 'm going to make it worth it , ' ” said the recent high school graduate , whose identity CBS 6 is protecting .
The teen says she was tormented and traumatized .
“ At first he made me watch him take a poop , then he took his pants off , ” she said . “ I said , ‘ You 're going to have to stab me , ' and he yelled , ‘ Take your pants off ! ' before he ripped them off . ”
Police say Shawn Morris broke into his ex-girlfriend 's trailer on Seahorse Drive early Wednesday morning , and held her niece at knife point .
“ He broke in here , this is a board that we put up this morning . He has broken all the glass and a piece off my door , ” said the teen 's aunt Tracy McClellan . “ The other marks are from wrestling with the cops . ”
McClellan said she had a feeling on Tuesday that violence was brewing .
“ I just felt he was texting all day and calling me , ” McClellan said . “ He was just being combative at day long . ”
Scared for her family 's safety , she invited her brother to stay the night . She was awakened by several popping sounds that she later found out to be all four of her car tires punctured by a knife .
She believes the same knife was used to hold her niece hostage in the bathroom as police stormed in .
“ The knife was at my neck and I told the cops that he was raping me and to get me out now , ” the niece said .
Morris is being held at Riverside Regional Jail with no bond . He 's facing charges including object sexual penetration , breaking and entering and malicious wounding .
Crime Insider tell Jon Burkett that additional charges are pending .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. — Phil Cofer scored 11 of his 16 points in the second half , Terance Mann added 11 and made a key block leading to M.J. Walker 's clinching dunk with 1 second remaining , and Florida State held off Louisville 80-76 on Saturday .
The Seminoles broke a 57-all tie with six unanswered points and ending with Cofer 's 3-point play . Their lead stretched to eight a couple of times before they had to fight off the Cardinals ' late charge that got them within 78-76 with 24.7 seconds remaining .
Mann 's two missed free throws with 17.4 seconds left opened the door for Louisville , but he recovered to block V.J . King 's shot 11 seconds later and lead to Walker 's dunk that sealed the hard-fought win . FSU ( 17-6 , 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference ) bounced back from its loss to Wake Forest to hand Louisville ( 16-7 , 6-4 ) its second straight defeat .
Braian Angola had 13 points , Christ Koumadje 11 , and Trent Forrest 10 for the Seminoles , who shot 52 per cent after halftime to take control of a tight game featuring 11 lead changes and seven ties .
Deng Adel had 19 points and Quentin Snider 15 for the Cardinals , who lost their second in a row .
BIG PICTURE
Florida State : The Seminoles offset 40 per cent first-half shooting by outrebounding the Cardinals 6-0 offensively , leading to a 9-0 advantage in second-chance points for a 39-38 lead at the break . They were even at 10 in paint points before taking control to win that category 34-24 and the boards 43-34 .
Louisville : The Cardinals had their chances but shot 36 per cent in the second half and missed several free throws down the stretch that could have closed the gap much sooner . Snider 's five straight points got them within a basket with another opportunity to tie , but King 's blocked attempt led to the clinching basket . Ray Spalding had 13 points and nine rebounds .
UP NEXT
Florida State hosts No . 2 and first-place Virginia on Wednesday , seeking its fourth win this season over a ranked foe .
Enter for your chance to win a pair of tickets to Oxnard Jazz Festival at Oxnard Beach Park on September 6th !
FORD COUNTY – One person was injured in a 3-vehicle accident just after 4p.m . on Tuesday in Ford County .
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2016 Dodge Ram pickup driven by Jessee Stickell , 51 , Pottsville , PA. , was northbound on U.S. 56 just south of U.S. 400 .
As the pickup approached the intersection at Lariat Way , a 2001 Cadillac DeVille driven by Jose G. Soto-Gonzalez , 30 , Dodge City , attempted to cross U.S. 56 from Lariat Way .
The Dodge collided with the Cadillac and rolled into the northeast ditch . The Cadillac spun around and hit a USD 443 school bus driven by Wade S. Hampton , 64 , Dodge City , that was stopped on Lariat Way headed west bound on U.S. 56 .
Stickel was transported to Western Plains Medical Center .
Soto-Gonzalez , Hampton and 9 children on the school bus were not injured .
The drivers were properly restrained at the time of the accident , according to the KHP .
BEIJING/SEOUL Isolated North Korea does n't consume much oil , but curbing or cutting off its supplies in retaliation for further nuclear or long-range missile tests would be painful and potentially destabilising to the regime of Kim Jong-un .
U.S. officials have told Reuters that an oil embargo is among tougher sanctions Washington could pursue to counter North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs
Separately , the Global Times , an influential Chinese tabloid whose stance does not necessarily reflect official policy , said in an editorial on Wednesday that `` Chinese society '' would approve of `` severe restrictive measures that have never been seen before , such as restricting oil imports to the North , '' if Pyongyang engages in further provocative activity .
China , which supplies most of North Korea 's crude , no longer reports its oil shipments to the country , but according to South Korean data supplies it with roughly 500,000 tonnes of crude oil annually . It also exports over 200,000 tonnes of oil products , according to U.N. data .
Analysts said the impact of a full oil embargo on Pyongyang would be so damaging that China , which opposes any measures that could fuel instability in North Korea , would be unlikely to take that step or agree to such a measure in the United Nations Security Council , where it has a veto as a permanent member .
`` If China cuts off oil supply , North Korea would not survive on its own for three months and everything in North Korea would be paralysed , '' said Cho Bong-hyun , who heads research on North Korea 's economy at IBK Bank in Seoul .
`` This could increase the possibility of North Korea 's collapse and have an adverse impact on China as well . China would rather consider reducing crude oil supply , '' he said .
North Korea has virtually no domestic oil production , and has traditionally imported the little demand it has for fuel at its refineries from China and , to a lesser extent , Russia .
North Korea has two refineries : the Ponghwa Chemical Factory sits on the river border with Dandong in China , while the Sungri refinery is located on the Tumen River bordering Russia .
Much of North Korea 's energy is supplied by abundant domestic coal , but oil is used by the military as well as in transport and agriculture .
`` Cutting off all oil for an extended period of time , perhaps indefinitely , is probably the toughest economic punishment that China could impose on North Korea . It is highly unlikely that China would take such a step , '' said Bonnie Glaser of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
`` It is possible that it might reduce the flow , stop oil deliveries for a week or two , but not cut it off entirely . ''
In 2003 , China 's oil pipeline to North Korea shut down for three days after a missile launch , adding to pressure on Pyongyang to draw back from nuclear brinkmanship . Chinese officials said then it was a mechanical breakdown , but some experts said it was deliberate .
CREDIBLE SIGNAL
Data from Seoul 's Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency ( KOTRA ) shows North Korea imported 525,000 tonnes of crude oil from China in 2015 , up 5 percent from a year earlier .
United Nations data shows China also exported 218,087 tonnes of refined oil products to North Korea in 2015 , about six times what Russia sent .
`` The objective of a statement like this is not to follow through ; the objective is to send a credible signal that would make the North Korean leadership think twice , '' Stephan Haggard , an expert on the North Korean economy at the University of California , San Diego , said of the Global Times editorial .
`` It is all about shifting North Korea into a mode where negotiations would resume , '' he said .
( Additional reporting by Ju-Min Park in SEOUL and John Ruwitch in SHANGHAI ; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan )
Arsenal v Stoke City - Premier League - Emirates Stadium - 10/12/16 Arsenal 's Mesut Ozil celebrates scoring their second goal with Alexis Sanchez and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain Reuters / Clodagh Kilcoyne Livepic
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes midfielder Mesut Ozil and striker Alexis Sanchez are keen on extending their contracts beyond the end of next season with the Premier League club .
Ozil and Sanchez are holding out for a huge increase in their salary , according to British media reports , while Wenger has previously said that contract talks are on hold until the end of the season .
Sanchez , who has indicated he would like to see out his contract , is the club 's top scorer with 22 goals this season .
`` I personally believe both of them want to stay . I hope the club will find an agreement with them , '' Wenger told reporters on Thursday .
Calls for Wenger to end his 20-year role have grown louder after Arsenal crashed out of the Champions League in the last-16 for a seventh straight season and lost four of their last five league matches to slide down to sixth .
Wenger is keen to extend his stay , according to British media reports , but said his future at the club is far from certain .
`` I am very clear in my mind . Do I stay two more years ? My commitment will be the same . It does not influence my attitude , '' Wenger added . `` It 's a subject that is not sorted completely . ''
Wenger also rejected suggestions that the uncertainty surrounding his future was causing instability at the club and impacting results .
`` No , we wo n't look for excuses . Results are not what we want . Priority is what happens on the pitch , '' he said , while backing the introduction of video technology to review decisions in the sport .
Midfielder Santi Cazorla , who was initially expected to return early this year , will not play again this season as the 32-year-old Spaniard has failed to recover from an ankle injury sustained in October last year , Wenger confirmed .
Goalkeeper Petr Cech , who limped off during Arsenal 's loss at West Bromwich Albion this month , is expected to miss the next two games with calf injury .
Striker Lucas Perez will also sit out Sunday 's match against third-placed Manchester City with a thigh problem .
Wenger hinted Arsenal will be active in the next transfer window .
`` We have a strong foundation but the team needs to be strengthened , '' he added .
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru ; editing by Sudipto Ganguly )
Years before his arrest for alleged sexual battery , Andy Dick publicly groped Ivanka Trump while on Jimmy Kimmel Live ! in 2007 .
In resurfaced footage of the incident , Trump was greeted by Dick , now 52 , and Jimmy Kimmel , with the comedian rubbing his hands on her legs .
“ You do n't play up the glitter on your legs ? ” Dick told Trump , with his hands rubbing her legs .
Trump , now 36 , look shocked but attempted to laugh it off while slapping his hands and trying to remove them from her legs . Kimmel also attempted to help her , telling Dick , “ Andy , do n't , please , do n't touch Ivanka . ”
“ Oh wait , did I say I was single ? I thought I had a boyfriend , ” Ivanka said as Kimmel rose from his seat to remove Dick 's hands .
“ Andy , please do n't . Donald Trump will kill both of us , ” Kimmel told the actor . Moments later , Dick was dragged off the stage by a security member and Kimmel .
Andy Dick , Ivanka Trump and Jimmy Kimmel in 2007 ABC
After the episode aired , Kimmel told Extra Dick “ was a little out of it . ”
“ She came out , he wanted a big , wet kiss . It was time for Andy to go , so I escorted him out by his feet , ” the host said at the time .
He revealed Dick was not upset by being dragged off the stage , saying , “ He 's Andy . He 's not upset . He 's not apologetic . He 's just nutty . ”
“ He always makes me a little uncomfortable , ” Kimmel added . “ You have no idea what he 's going to do next . ”
In December 2017 , Dick brought up the incident by sharing a screenshot of it on his Instagram account .
“ The time I “ groped ” Trump 's daughter , Ivanka , on Jimmy Kimmel Live . Her legs were sparkling , and I was trying to see if the glitter would wipe off , ” he wrote in the caption .
“ I also mistakenly thought she would date me . I was jokingly carried off by security . Is anybody going to carry Trump off ? No joke , ” he continued .
Andy Dick , Ivanka Trump Maury Phillips/WireImage ; Tasos Katopodis/WireImage
He added , “ Confusing times . ( the weird thing is , I shot this same scene a YEAR EARLIER for my movie Danny Roane : First Time Director , but I was peeing on Malcolm in the middle , not groping # tbt # slapyourself # christmas # whatisreal # lifeimitatesart p.s . Look it up on Youtube . ”
Dick is now facing legal action after he reportedly groped a woman passing by him on the streets of Los Angeles .
He was charged with misdemeanor sexual battery and misdemeanor simple battery related to an April incident , the L.A. City Attorney confirmed to PEOPLE on Monday .
The charges come in relation to Dick allegedly squeezing the stranger 's butt twice and making lewd comments to her , TMZ reported .
Dick 's arraignment is set for July 18 at the Van Nuys Courthouse , according to the city attorney .
This is n't the first time that Dick has been accused of inappropriate sexual behavior . Sources told The Hollywood Reporter in an Oct. 2017 article that the actor groped , kissed and licked people 's cheeks , as well as made sexual proposals , involving at least four people on the production of the independent feature Raising Buchanan .
RELATED : Andy Dick Charged with Sexual Battery for Allegedly Groping a Woman on L.A. Street
THR also revealed that Dick had also been fired from the low-budget comedy Vampire Dad after similar accusations .
Dick responded to THR concerning the Raising Buchanan accusations , denying the groping accusations . However , he confirmed that he did lick people .
“ I did n't grope anybody . I might have kissed somebody on the cheek to say goodbye and then licked them . That 's my thing , ” he claimed . “ I licked Carrie Fisher at a roast . It 's me being funny . I 'm not trying to sexually harass people . I did n't grab anybody 's genitals . ”
He also admitted to THR that he propositioned people on set .
“ Of course I 'm going to proposition people , ” Dick said . “ I 'm single , depressed , lonely and trying to get a date . They can just say no , and they probably did and then I was done . ”
By Abby Hassler
Prince , also known as “ The Purple One ” is finally getting his very own Pantone color . Pantone and Prince 's Estate announced today ( August 14 ) that the late singer has his own purple hue , “ Love Symbol # 2 , ” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for his name .
Related : Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for His Role in Michael Jackson 's ‘ Bad '
“ The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be . This is an incredible way for his legacy to live on forever , ” Troy Carter , entertainment adviser to Prince 's Estate , said .
“ We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol # 2 , a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince , ‘ the purple one , ' ” added Laurie Pressman , vice president of the Pantone Color Institute . “ A musical icon known for his artistic brilliance , Love Symbol # 2 is emblematic of Prince 's distinctive style . Long associated with the purple family , Love Symbol # 2 enables Prince 's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself . ”
Wednesday Sunny , with a high near 56 . Northwest wind 6 to 8 mph becoming southwest in the afternoon .
Wednesday Night Clear , with a low around 34 . South southwest wind 6 to 10 mph .
Thursday Sunny , with a high near 70 . West southwest wind around 9 mph .
Thursday Night Clear , with a low around 36 . South southwest wind 7 to 9 mph .
Friday Sunny , with a high near 70 .
Friday Night Mostly clear , with a low around 37 .
Saturday Sunny , with a high near 66 .
Saturday Night Partly cloudy , with a low around 40 .
Sunday A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after noon . Partly sunny , with a high near 65 .
Sunday Night A 50 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 44 .
Washington 's Birthday A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms . Partly sunny , with a high near 65 .
Monday Night Partly cloudy , with a low around 37 .
Tuesday Sunny , with a high near 62 .
× Travel guru Rick Steves gives away $ 4 million apartment complex
SEATTLE — Travel book writer and TV show host Rick Steves has given a $ 4 million apartment complex in Lynnwood , Wash. , to the YWCA for housing homeless women and their families .
“ One of my pet social causes has long been affordable housing , ” Steves wrote on his travel blog , posted April 13 . “ Twenty years ago , I devised a scheme where I could put my retirement savings not into a bank to get interest , but into cheap apartments to house struggling neighbors . I would retain my capital , my equity would grow as the apartment complex appreciated , and I would suffer none of the headaches that I would have if I had rented out the units as a landlord . Rather than collecting rent , my ‘ income ' would be the joy of housing otherwise desperate people . ”
Steves , whose company is based in Edmonds , Wash. , said he eventually came to own a 24-apartment complex in Lynnwood that he provided it to the YWCA for housing single moms who were recovering-drug addicts and getting custody of their children back . It is called Trinity Place .
“ Imagine the joy of knowing that I could provide a simple two-bedroom apartment for a mom and her kids as she fought to get her life back on track , ” he wrote .
But then he decided to take it a step further .
“ With the election of our president and the rise of a new , greed-is-good ethic in our government , I want to be more constructive than just complaining about how our society is once again embracing ‘ trickle-down ' ethics , and our remarkable ability to ignore the need in our communities even as so much wealth is accumulated within the top one percent of our populace , ” Steves wrote .
WASHINGTON The Trump administration must decide by the end of this month whether to grant Belarus continued relief from U.S. economic sanctions despite a stiff government crackdown on street demonstrations last month .
The renewal decision is considered a low-level priority for the administration , which is facing bigger questions about U.S. relations with Russia and China , and with most major diplomatic positions still unfilled .
But whether the United States renews the sanctions relief or instead returns to blacklisting nine major Belarus companies is an early test for the Trump administration on the importance it puts on human rights versus efforts to coax countries in Russia 's orbit to turn to the West .
The sanctions waivers , which began in 2015 and were extended twice last year , were tied to domestic political reforms and intended to encourage Belarus , which has long historical ties to Russia , to move closer to the European Union and the United States .
Now , however , U.S. officials are alarmed by the arrests of hundreds of people last month during an attempt to hold a street protest in the capital Minsk , and concerned if continuing sanctions relief could be seen as ignoring the crackdown .
Belarus authorities last month raided a human rights group 's offices and used violence against peaceful protesters , rights groups say .
`` This most recent crackdown sharpened people 's focus , '' said a U.S. congressional aide , speaking on the condition of anonymity . `` Now there is a real question about whether or not they ( the sanctions ) should be reimposed . ''
The decision must be taken by the end of April . If the administration makes no decision , the sanctions will be re-imposed .
NATO members , including Poland and the Baltic states , feel threatened by what they see as increased Russian intervention in Europe , including Moscow 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region in 2014 .
`` Belarus is so important from a strategic point of view and it 's so dependent economically on Russia that we are really very concerned , '' said Piotr Wilczek , the Polish ambassador to the United States . `` Belarus is becoming more and more part of this wider Russian problem we have . ''
The Trump administration is inclined to renew the sanctions relief , but likely would wait until the last minute `` to make sure they do n't do anything awful , '' said a U.S. official , also speaking on condition of anonymity .
State and Treasury Department officials declined to comment in detail on the Belarus sanctions . The Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs declined to comment .
President George W. Bush in 2006 blacklisted top Belarus officials , including President Alexander Lukashenko , for undermining the country 's democratic processes or human rights abuses . The United States later added large Belarus companies to the sanctions list .
But in 2015 , Lukashenko released political prisoners and indicated he was open to better relations with the West . That October , President Barack Obama temporarily lifted sanctions on nine Belarus companies , including petrochemical conglomerate Belneftekhim and tire manufacturer Belshina .
Now , however , Lukashenko appears to be keeping his country firmly in Moscow 's orbit . In a letter to him last week , four U.S. senators said they were concerned over the crackdown and that he decided to allow Russia to conduct `` provocative '' military exercises in Belarus later this year .
( Additional reporting by Arshad Mohammed and Patricia Zengerle in Washington and Andrei Makhovsky in Minsk ; Editing by John Walcott and Alistair Bell )
Kenya hosted 243 global and continental meetings in 2016 that attracted multi-billionaires and many heads of State and government .
According to a just-released report by conference marketing and consultancy firm , Mkutano Business Travel , the mainly State-led foreign visits helped the country market itself as a tourism and business destination .
The firm 's business development executive , Ms Angela Mumbi , said visiting presidents signed trade pacts that boosted inter-country business among private sector players , with some nations seeking the establishment of embassies in Nairobi to handle emerging challenges .
Ms Mumbi said Kenya 's active promotion of an expanded East African Community that enjoys free movement of goods , people and services , as well as capital made it a popular hub for foreign companies seeking a free trade area status for their regional operations targeting 150 million people .
“ Heads of State came visiting and this gave Kenya a free marketing tool to reach television audiences in Israel , Jordan , India , South Africa , Japan , Uganda , Tanzania , Somalia , Rwanda and Central African Republic , among others , ” said Ms Mumbi .
@ NATIONAL ACCORD/nation.co.ke
April 6 Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale
* Resolution in principle of the management board of NordLB regarding the legal integration of Bremer Landesbank Kreditanstalt Oldenburg Girozentrale
* Resolved to strive for a merger between NordLB and Bremer Landesbank within this calendar year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Handling online threats to journalists presents difficulties
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Jose Luis Magana , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Colleen Joseph prays over the crosses at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , on Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Jarrod Ramos is charged with murder after police say he opened fire Thursday at the newspaper . less Colleen Joseph prays over the crosses at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , on Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Jarrod Ramos is charged ... more Photo : Jose Luis Magana , AP Image 2 of 4 A makeshift memorial is seen at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Prosecutors say 38-year-old Jarrod W. Ramos opened fire Thursday in the Capital Gazette newsroom killing five journalists . less A makeshift memorial is seen at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Prosecutors say 38-year-old Jarrod W. Ramos opened fire ... more Photo : Jose Luis Magana , AP Image 3 of 4 Capital Gazette reporter E.B . Furgurson III pauses by the crosses representing his five colleagues at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 . Prosecutors say 38-year-old Jarrod W. Ramos opened fire Thursday in the Capital Gazette newsroom killing five employees . less Capital Gazette reporter E.B . Furgurson III pauses by the crosses representing his five colleagues at a makeshift memorial at the scene outside the office building housing The Capital Gazette newspaper in ... more Photo : Jose Luis Magana , AP Image 4 of 4 Handling online threats to journalists presents difficulties 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) — After a Florida radio station 's general manager told hosts they did n't have to put an obnoxious repeat caller on the air a couple of months ago , the man stood on the sidewalk outside and vented his irritation with the station through a bullhorn .
Craig Kopp , manager of WMNF-FM in Tampa , said the guy left for a while but reappeared — the day after a shooting left five Maryland newspaper employees dead .
Now Kopp 's stomach is twisted in knots wondering how to handle the situation .
`` I walk this fine line all the time between the most precious of things , the First Amendment , and health and safety , '' said Kopp , a broadcast veteran in charge of 70 volunteers who host music , news and heated political talk shows on the listener-supported station .
The difficulties journalists face when dealing with threatening behavior from members of the public came into stark relief in Thursday 's deadly attack at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis .
Suspect Jarrod Ramos , 38 , has a well-documented history of harassing the paper 's staff . He filed a defamation suit against the paper in 2012 that was thrown out as groundless and often railed against them in profanity-laced tweets .
Ramos ' ire with the newspaper began with an online harassment and stalking case stemming from contact with a high school classmate in late 2009 or early 2010 . The woman eventually went to police , and Ramos pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor harassment charge . The newspaper 's story about the case touched off a yearslong tirade from Ramos .
A barrage of menacing tweets led to an investigation five years ago , but a detective concluded Ramos was no threat , and the paper did n't want to press charges for fear of `` putting a stick in a beehive . ''
The woman 's lawyer , Brennan McCarthy , told USA Today that he never came across any person who frightened him as much as Ramos , who is jailed on five counts of first-degree murder .
`` Of the thousands of people I 've dealt with in court , this guy stuck , '' McCarthy told USA Today . `` I was extremely scared that he was going to do something to me and my family . ''
People who have been the victims of online discussion of physical violence , doxing ( publishing private information ) and rape threats are n't surprised the Capital Gazette attack started with online harassment .
Katie Kausch said she was harassed online as an intern at MTV after writing a story about people who do n't believe the Sandy Hook shooting that killed 26 at an elementary school really happened .
Anonymous people unhappy with the story found Kausch 's college grade point average and her little sister 's school address and published them online . They wrote vague , menacing statements like `` I hope nothing happens to you ... . ''
Kausch said MTV 's legal team was helpful to a point , but because the harassers were anonymous and had n't issued a specific threat against her , there was n't much she could do .
`` Legal was an all-female team ; everybody had experienced some level of doxing or threats , '' she said , adding that she and her mother decided not to report the harassment to police .
Sarah Kogod , a former director of development for sports website SB Nation who has led workshops on how to deal with online harassment , said the threats are difficult to handle , both for police and the social media networks themselves .
`` The general rule is that if it 's a direct threat , all jurisdictions will take that seriously , '' she said . `` The challenge comes when the communication is vague . It 's brushed off as someone being a jerk . In most cases , it is . ''
She encourages liberal use of the block function and thinks companies need to deal better with online harassment .
`` I truly feel that organizations have a responsibility to make sure they can guide their staff through that harassment , '' both online and off , she said .
It 's something Kopp , the station manager , has considered . Although he 's used to sharp online words like ones they remove from the news department 's Facebook page , he wonders how to handle the in-person threat of the angry man with the bullhorn . He 's putting in new surveillance cameras and people must be buzzed in the front door , something that seems anathema to the station 's community-oriented approach .
`` We 've had potlucks with the doors wide open , for the community to come right in to see what radio station looks like . I do n't want to stop that , '' he said .
Several weeks ago , the man marched past a receptionist into the on-air studio . By the time police came , the man was back on public property . So far , Kopp has called police twice on the man , but there 's been no arrest .
`` I think some of these people are unstable , and in the current environment , I do n't know what could set somebody off in the wrong direction . It 's a constant worry , now more than ever before , '' Kopp said .
KIGALI , April 28 Rwanda plans to increase government spending by 7 percent in the 2017/18 ( July-June ) fiscal year to 2.09 trillion francs ( $ 2.53 billion ) , the finance minister said on Friday .
Claver Gatete told parliament while presenting the draft budget that 17 percent of the budget will be funded by donors with the rest coming from revenue and debt .
The government expected to collect 1,316.8 billion francs in revenue during the year , the minister said .
`` Our export revenues are expected to increase by 21.6 percent mainly due to 40 percent increase of tea revenues and 23 percent increase from mineral earnings , '' he said .
The government planned to set aside 757.2 billion francs to spend on development , up from 741.9 billion francs this fiscal year , he said . The cash will be used to buy strategic stocks for food security and construction of dams .
Gatete said the budget would also include funding for a national election scheduled for August , in which President Paul Kagame will be seeking a third term .
Rwanda 's economy is expected to grow 6.2 percent in 2017 and 6.8 percent in 2018 while inflation is expected to be at 7 percent by the end of 2017 and edge down to 5 percent in 2018 , Gatete said . ( $ 1 = 824.8100 Rwandan francs ) ( Reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana ; Editing by Angus MacSwan )
The bride walks down the aisle in a Frederick Peralta creation
Published 4:12 PM , December 12 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Ai-Ai delas Alas was aglow at her December 12 wedding to Gerald Sibayan , looking radiant in a romantic ball gown and a colorful veil . According to pre-wedding reports , the gown is by designer Frederick Peralta , and was gifted to Ai-Ai by friend Marian Rivera .
The blushing bride Ai Ai delas Alas now walking down the aisle # YouandAitoGEther A post shared by Kapuso PR Girl ( @ kapusoprgirl ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 7:07pm PST
Finally ! ! ! Congratulations Mr. & Mrs. Sibayan # YouandAitoGEther A post shared by Sancho Vito De las Alas ( @ sanchovito ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 9:02pm PST
The off-shoulder princess cut ball gown featured intricate beading on the bodice . It was accentuated by a one-of-a-kind veil edged with what appears to be handpainted flowers that matched Ai-Ai 's bouquet . For her hairpiece , Ai-Ai wore a simple tiara , and she complemented her gown 's elegant neckline with a silver drop necklace .
Wow . # Aiai A post shared by Roxy Liquigan ( @ roxy.liquigan ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 6:35pm PST
The Bride : ) # AiAi A post shared by Roxy Liquigan ( @ roxy.liquigan ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 5:56pm PST
Ai-Ai and Gerald got married at Christ the King Church in Quezon City , in the presence of family and friends . ( IN PHOTOS : Ai-ai delas Alas and Gerald Sibayan are married ! ) – Rappler.com
LONDON The British government set out on Thursday how it will handle the mammoth task of converting European Union laws into domestic legislation in preparation for its exit from the bloc , seeking to ease business uncertainty about life after Brexit .
Prime Minister Theresa May formally notified Brussels on Wednesday of Britain 's intention to leave the EU after more than 40 years of membership . In that time , tens of thousands of EU-related laws have made their way onto the British statute book , governing almost everything from farming to finance .
Her ministers laid out how they intend to unpick that complex legislative web by initially converting the entire body of EU law into British law - a step seen as necessary to ensure continuity for businesses trading across EU borders .
The plan centres around a `` Great Repeal Bill '' due to be laid before parliament in May . The bill will transpose EU law , repeal the 1972 European Communities Act which formalises Britain 's EU membership , and give ministers the power to change existing laws to make sure they work after Brexit .
`` The bill will convert EU law into United Kingdom law , allowing businesses to continue operating knowing the rules have not changed overnight , and providing fairness to individuals , whose rights and obligations will not be subject to sudden change , '' Brexit minister David Davis told parliament .
Analysis by Thomson Reuters says 52,741 laws have been introduced in the UK as a result of EU legislation since 1990 , and research published by parliament estimates 13.2 percent of UK primary and secondary legislation enacted between 1993 and 2004 was EU-related .
Davis said the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) would have no future role in interpreting British laws , but that courts would be able to reference ECJ case law .
The bill is expected to be subject to close scrutiny , with companies saying they can not plan without knowing what comes after Brexit , forcing them to put investment programmes on hold and sometimes delaying major infrastructure projects .
Drugmakers are concerned that Brexit will mean the UK leaves the EU-wide European Medicines Agency , forcing the creation of a separate British system for drug approvals . That will mean more red tape and could delay new medicines reaching Britain .
The government 's proposals did not specifically address such concerns , which are echoed in other industries such as finance and aviation where firms worry that leaving the EU will mean quitting the regulatory bodies that authorise them to trade .
Aides said membership of EU agencies would be a matter for May 's negotiation .
POWER GRAB
The plan also raised hackles among some politicians who fear the government will use the Brexit process to reshape EU laws without proper parliamentary scrutiny as they move them into British law .
The Liberal Democrats called it a `` shameless power grab '' and the main opposition Labour Party demanded tighter controls on the powers that the government wants to grant itself to amend legislation without consulting lawmakers .
The plan to use such powers , often referred to as 'Henry VIII powers ' after the 16th century monarch who ruled by proclamation , also drew wider criticism .
Gina Miller , the investment manager who took on the government and won over whether May needed parliament 's approval to begin Brexit talks , said she was concerned that laws affecting citizens ' rights could be changed .
`` If there is any sniff that they are trying to use Henry VIII powers , that would be profoundly unparliamentary and undemocratic , and I would seek legal advice , because what you are doing is setting a precedent that government could bypass parliament , '' she told BBC Radio 5 Live .
Davis rejected such concerns , saying the bill and the powers it will create were designed to ensure legal certainty and that any changes in policy would be carried out through the normal legislative process , during which parliament would have its say .
`` We 're not considering some form of governmental executive orders , '' he told parliament .
( Additional reporting by Kylie MacLellan , Elizabeth Piper and Ben Hirschler ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
`` But when it was all over , after a 15-hour shift , and I went home , that 's when I started realizing the hurt , the type of effect it 's going to have on thousands of people in our great city .
`` We had a lot of help there from a lot of citizens , just wonderful people . They were trying to assist in first aid , others just trying to comfort people , trying to feel for pulses , trying to assist in gathering evidence . ''
There were about 12 special constables and a sergeant on the scene at one point , supporting police , fire and EMS , said Mike Killingsworth , head of transit enforcement at the TTC .
`` I sent a message out to the team yesterday saying how fiercely proud I am of them , '' he said . `` I do n't think the public in the city realizes the contributions that all of my members , but especially my special constables , make on a daily basis . ''
Franklin Edishou
A franchisee of the Pizza Nova on the corner of Yonge and Finch , Edishou was in the back of his store working alongside his wife when he saw the commotion immediately after the van struck .
The scene outside the store was traumatic : at least five people lay injured on the ground , while others were rushing to their aid .
Recognizing a major incident was unfolding , Edishou 's wife — who had burst into tears — quickly left to pick up their children from school . Alone in the store , Edishou realized he could make a small contribution .
As police , fire and ambulance personnel descended , he began throwing pizzas in the oven , putting them in boxes then taking them out to first responders who he knew `` could n't have breaks , they would n't have anything like lunch . '' He also brought them water .
Having something to do helped Edishou as he attempted to process the horror of what had happened right outside his store . An Iranian immigrant , he said the scene reminded him of something that might happen in his own country , not here .
`` I 've been through a lot — that 's why it 's devastating to see this stuff in this country , it 's a beautiful country , peaceful country . This happens ? I have no words , '' said Edishou .
As he was making the pizza , he was reflecting on how the eldest of his five kids , his 17-year-old daughter , often takes the subway to Yonge and Finch , crossing the same intersection where the injured lay . It could have been anyone who was killed , he said .
Edishou is reluctant to take any credit for his actions , saying `` it was nothing — a small token of appreciation . ''
Diego DeMatos
DeMatos , a former flight attendant , and a friend had just finished lunch and were driving north on Yonge toward the GoodLife fitness centre at Finch . He was driving slowly , searching for parking when he saw the white rental van driving at what he estimates was up to 80 kilometres an hour .
`` There were two people standing at the corner waiting for the light to change to green to cross ... It was a Black female and a white male . It all happened so fast . The lady got turned back into the building and the guy got thrown into the middle of the street and the van kept going , '' he said .
DeMatos thought he had witnessed a hit-and-run incident . The man was bleeding from the head and the people attending to the woman were calling out for someone to give them a belt to try to stop the bleeding .
His mind was racing , his body shaking . A few metres up the road , there were four or five more people on the ground . Bystanders were screaming , panicking . Some of the victims were moving . Others were not . The sounds of sirens started filling the air .
That is when DeMatos heard someone calling for help . He saw a man attending to another victim who had been struck and was lying in the middle of the street .
DeMatos 's flight training and experience had taught him to remain calm in panicked situations . He had once delivered a baby in mid-air . Another time he attended to a passenger suffering a heart attack during a flight .
`` The instinct kicks in and everything rushes back into your head , '' he said . `` I asked the guy what was wrong before I jumped in . The guy was in panic , so I took over . ''
The victim was in his 50s or 60s with light-coloured hair , DeMatos said . He was bleeding from the head and had suffered leg injuries . DeMatos began to perform CPR on the victim , but before long he realized the man was already dead .
`` I could see there was nothing we could do . It was too late , '' DeMatos said .
A woman nearby came to offer her light-coloured scarf to cover the dead man 's face . Then the police , fire and ambulance crews arrived and cleared people away from the scene .
Since that time , when DeMatos has not been recounting what he saw for journalists , he has been looking for pictures online in order to find out about the man he fought in vain to keep alive .
`` I just want to keep following the news and see if I can find the guy ... I do n't know if it was the last minutes that he had , '' he said , momentarily overcome with emotion . `` It 's important to me . ''
Eric Chak
He was heading back to his office near Yonge and Finch from a late lunch around 1:30 p.m. when he saw a person lying on the ground , face-down .
`` I first thought it was a car accident , '' said the 35-year-old information security analyst with Ontario Teachers ' Pension Plan .
Then he saw many more people , some standing and others lying on sidewalks , stretching down Yonge . There were no police yet on the scene . Seeing blood all over the place , he quickly decided to jump into action , using his limited first-aid skills .
`` The injuries were very graphic , '' he said . `` Someone was already doing chest compression on one girl , and when I checked , there was no pulse . ''
The image of that girl covered in blood with no vital signs haunted him as he kept trying to figure out what just happened , while trying to assist those who needed attention . There were at least five people on the sidewalk who needed CPR or help to `` not choke on their own blood , '' he said .
When first responders arrived , Chak stepped aside and watched in horror as the girl was wrapped in an orange bag .
After the emergency responders had taken over , Chak headed back to work . He admits he `` was scared but thought I was fine . ''
`` It did n't hit me until late , when I kept drifting back to the scene and wondering whether I could have done more , '' he said on the phone from his home outside Newmarket . The HR office sent him home on an indefinite leave so he can recover .
`` That scene yesterday was beyond what anyone can ever imagine , '' he said .
Katherine Liu
Outside of the Secret Garden Floral & Gift Boutique near Yonge and Finch on Tuesday , bunches of blooming flowers were set on the sidewalk . A sign amid the blooms read `` With heartfelt sympathy ! Please feel free to take ! ''
Liu , a co-owner , said the free flowers are a way to help `` the world feel better . ''
Liu said there are a lot of pedestrians on Yonge , and that many have been stopping to pluck a stem or two from the overfilling vases and buckets on the sidewalk .
`` They walk by and they just take a little flower , '' Liu said .
The store kept the overflowing selection of flowers stocked throughout the day .
One woman in a pink sweater paused outside the store , taking in the scene . She apprehensively plucked a few stems before walking into the store . Moments later , flowers in hand , she left wiping tears from her eyes .
A man ducked into the floral shop to make sure they could , in fact , take the flowers for free . Another woman thanked Liu profusely , and asked for an elastic to tie the stems together .
Jesse James
As police investigators started combing through the wreckage and people around the world turned to the news for details , James called on his network of Christian faith leaders in the Willowdale area . At 8 o'clock Monday night , more than a dozen people were gathered into the Puck n ' Wings bar at the northeast corner of Yonge and Finch , working on a plan to serve the spiritual needs of their community .
They quickly decided to organize a 1:30 p.m. prayer vigil Tuesday at Olive Square Park , just south of the intersection as well as a 6 p.m. prayer walk near Mel Lastman Square . But they also decided on a longer-lasting contribution in an attempt to pay tribute to the 10 people killed and others who were injured by the speeding van .
`` We 're going to be playing music at Olive Square Park for the next 25 days — a day for every person who has been hurt , killed or injured , '' said James , who is a member of the Spring Garden Church . `` The goal is to turn our cries of sorrow into songs of healing . We love Willowdale , we love the people here and all of us were affected by it , although some more closely than others . ''
The music will be played each day at 1:30 p.m. , to mark the time that the attack began .
`` The only instruction they have is to play songs of hope or songs of lament , '' James said , adding that while Christian faith leaders have initiated the project , they would like to see musicians or singers of other faiths .
`` We 're inviting anyone to participate . In fact , the more who participate the better . It will help to galvanize this community for a health process of healing and grief . ''
METIS LIASON - Carmen Houl , MAG 's new Metis liason , stands with Lorna Jonson , MAG executive director at community conversation event held at the museum . Michelle Falk/Red Deer Express
The Red Deer Museum + Art Gallery ( MAG ) introduced their first ever Métis liaison , Carmen Houl , at a Métis community conversation event recently .
“ We ( the Métis ) are a connecting-culture ; bridge-builders , ” Houl said .
The position was created to support the upcoming travelling exhibit ‘ Hiding in Plain Sight ' coming from Library & Archives Canada ( LAC ) in December .
“ We wanted someone who could facilitate community conversation , and collect local stories and artifacts to localize it , ” said Lorna Johnson , MAG executive director .
“ We know that the Métis story in this region was an important one , but there is very little historical information on record . ”
The museum wanted a liaison to help connect local stories to a national exhibit they are bringing from Ottawa for the Alberta Winter Games – the aforementioned ‘ Hiding in Plain Sight ' .
The MAG is using the exhibit as an opportunity to start researching and documenting Métis stories from Central Alberta , collect original documents and artworks from Red Deer and area to display and present workshops on Métis culture and history to showcase Métis culture , arts and history for the Canada Winter Games .
As part of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada ( TRC ) , LAC is addressing this gap by digitizing art , photographic documents and related materials to recognize Métis people and culture .
‘ Hiding in Plain Sight ' was not initially intended to be a travelling exhibition . Johnson stumbled upon it by chance in the Métis newsletter and contacted the LAC to see if they could display it in Red Deer during Canada Winter Games .
“ Carmen has the knowledge of Métis culture and experience designing presentations about Métis and indigenous cultures to the general public .
“ And she is passionate about Métis culture , ” Johnson said .
Prior to this post , Houl worked as an indigenous interpreter and liaison for Jasper National Park .
Meanwhile , engaging with the community may be one of the most challenging aspects of the position .
According to what members of the Alberta Métis Nation told Houl , there are up to 4,000 Métis people in the Red Deer area but only 15 of them voted in their recent elections .
“ In the area around Red Deer there are a lot of ‘ mainstream Métis ' hiding their identity and not practicing their culture for various reason , ” Houl said .
She wants the exhibit to address this dysphoria—a state of feeling uneasy or dissatisfied and in conflict with one 's identity .
Houl also wants to include conversations about Métis women in the supporting exhibit . The LAC show only includes men .
“ First nations women played a key role in the beginning of this country because they helped the settlers survive . All the explorers ' wives were Métis , ” she said .
Johnson hopes that the exhibit will be a catalyst to encourage community members of Metis origin to share and document their stories so the Museum has a record of a more complete picture of Central Alberta history .
“ Métis culture is lively and colorful and exciting – with the music , dance , and stories of the buffalo hunt , ” said Johnson , “ But we want to make sure that we tell the complete story which includes other aspects of life that are not so celebratory . ”
Houl said she loves Red Deer and is happy to return to her roots – she grew up and went to school here and has relatives in the area . She has moved her family to Red Deer for this position .
“ My focus in my career and passion in general is to practice and support my culture and art , so I 've always had careers in that , ” she said .
March 30 Rxi Pharmaceuticals Corp
* Rxi Pharmaceuticals reports fourth quarter and year end 2016 financial results and recent corporate highlights
* Believes that its existing cash should be sufficient to fund operations for at least next twelve months
* Qtrly loss per share $ 0.60
* Rxi Pharmaceuticals Corp - research and development expense for quarter was $ 1.3 million compared with $ 1.7 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
ATHENS , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Greece 's power grid operator ADMIE will bring forward by two years a plan to link some of the country 's islands to the mainland grid via undersea cables , the company said on Friday .
Last year , state-controlled ADMIE was spun off from power utility Public Power Corp. ( PPC ) under Greece 's international bailout , with China 's State Grid , the world 's biggest utility , acquiring a 24 percent stake .
ADMIE ‘ S board decided on Friday to complete the third phase of a plan to interconnect some of the Cyclades islands to the main grid in 2020 , two years earlier than initially planned , a company spokesman said .
The third phase has a budget of 102 million euros ( $ 127 million ) .
ADMIE gave no details of how the project would be financed .
The power grid operator signed a non-binding agreement with China Development Bank in November as it looks for fresh capital to finance infrastructure projects .
ADMIE said on Thursday that the first part of the plan to link the Cyclades islands to the mainland - which costs 245 million euros - will be finished in March . The company aims to wrap up the second phase , costing 71 million euros , in 2019 .
The project is part of a 2 billion euro , 10-year investment plan , which also includes connecting the island of Crete to the mainland 's grid , via undersea cables .
“ All parties are committed to the need of speeding up interconnection plans as the Greek economy is recovering and electricity consumption is seen rising , ” ADMIE 's Chief Executive Officer Manos Manousakis said in a statement . ( $ 1 = 0.8040 euros ) ( Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
Located in St Francisville , Louisiana , the famous plantation is believed to be buried on a Tunica Indian burial ground , and is considered to be one of the most haunted places in America .
One of the ghosts that has q reputation on the grounds is that of attorney William Drew Winter , who was shot by a stranger and died climbing up the stairs .
A group of women recently visiting the plantation were taking a group selfie , and upon checking the photo afterwards , noticed an additional visitor in the background .
What you think ? Ghost , hoax or reflection of light ?
The Richmond Hill man is accused of jumping the sidewalk with a rented van and ramming pedestrians along a two-kilometre stretch of Yonge St. , between Sheppard Ave. and Finch Ave. on Monday afternoon . Ten people were killed , while another 15 remain in hospital .
The suspect behind the wheel of the van later ditched the vehicle and got into a standoff with a police officer on Poyntz Ave. south of Sheppard Ave. Eyewitness video of the confrontation shows him asking the officer to `` shoot me in the head , '' claiming he had a gun in his pocket .
The officer arrested the suspect at the scene . The arresting police officer widely praised for his handling of the situation is Const . Ken Lam , the Star has confirmed .
Details are trickling in on the victims who were hit by the van .
The South Korean government confirmed on its official Facebook site that two of its nationals were killed , and another was injured .
At a special city council meeting Tuesday , Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about one of the victims , Anne Marie D'Amico , the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela , who live in his Davenport ward .
D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio 's daughter .
`` When my daughter called me last night to share that particular news , it was so devastating , '' Palacio said in the council chamber as he offered condolences to the family .
The councillor said he spoke to D'Amico 's father , Rocco , on Tuesday morning .
`` It was clear that part of his life is gone , '' Palacio said . `` As he noted , he 's living the worst nightmare ever in his life . ''
Mayor John Tory praised the police , first responders and city staff for their response . It was a reminder that we are capable of `` great bravery '' — police officers who quickly and safely apprehended the suspect ; the calm displayed by paramedics and firefighters who hurried from victim to victim ; `` heroic efforts '' of hospital staff ; and `` extraordinary examples of ordinary citizens '' who comforted those who were injured .
`` I know that I speak on behalf of all of the members of city council and city staff when I say that our hearts are with all of those affected , '' Tory said in a speech .
`` The people who call this city home are shaken and we mourn together but we are not broken and we will not be broken . ''
After a moment of silence for the victims , council recessed for the day .
Read more :
Horror on Yonge St. after van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Suspect in van rampage identified as Alek Minassian , 25 , of Richmond Hill
What we know and do n't know about the van crash
Earlier on Monday , Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Minassian 's name did not trigger any red flags relating to terrorism .
Goodale had described the incident as a `` horrific attack '' in an afternoon tweet offering praise to the Toronto police and condolences to the victims and their families . By nightfall , Goodale tempered his language .
`` This incident that happened here on the street behind us was horrendous but it does not appear to be connected in any way to national security , '' Goodale told reporters .
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said the rampage `` definitely looked deliberate . ''
`` There is nothing in our files , we 've looked right across , and there 's nothing that we have on him right now , '' he said .
The exact motive behind the horror remains unclear .
A source confirmed to the Star that a Facebook post from an Alek Minassian circulating on social media talking about `` incel '' and invoking U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger was indeed legitimate and published on Minassian 's profile before his account was deleted .
`` Incel '' refers to an online community of the `` involuntarily celibate , '' or men who feel frustrated by their inability to find romantic relationships or sex .
A spokesperson for Facebook Canada said it immediately deleted the suspect 's account Monday afternoon .
`` This is a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the people who have been affected . There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts , '' spokesperson Meg Sinclair said in an email .
A LinkedIn profile for a man of the same name states he is a student at Seneca College . According to Joseph Pham , 25 , who took a computer programming class with Minassian at Seneca , he was at school just last week . He described him as `` socially awkward . ''
`` He kept to himself . He did n't really talk to anyone , '' Pham said .
Friends of Minassian say he attended Sixteenth Avenue Public School in Richmond Hill , and then Thornlea Secondary School in Thornhill .
The Armenian Community Centre of Toronto released a statement saying it was `` deeply saddened and disturbed by the senseless deaths and injuries . ''
`` We unequivocally condemn this and all acts of violence , '' the statement said . `` We commend the bravery and dedication of our first responders who , despite being faced with an unprecedented tragedy , saved lives with their heroic actions and rapid response . ''
Outside the Secret Garden flower shop on Yonge St. , just north of Finch Ave. , bunches of blooming flowers were set on the sidewalk . A sign amidst the blooms read `` With heartfelt sympathy ! Please feel free to take ! ''
Co-owner Katherine Liu said the free flowers are a way to help `` the world feel better . ''
Liu said there are a lot of pedestrians on Yonge , and that many have been stopping to pluck a stem or two from the overfilling vases and buckets on the sidewalk .
`` They walk by and they just take a little flower , '' Liu said .
Most of the injured were at Sunnybrook hospital .
A woman who identified herself as the wife of an injured man paced in a reception area outside the intensive care unit , barely holding back tears .
Her son said he was n't ready to talk about his father or what happened . He asks that all Canadians send to his father and the other victims `` their prayers and positive energy . ''
TTC subway trains will continue to bypass North York Centre station as the investigation continues . Beecroft Rd. , which runs parallel to Yonge St. has been reopened .
U.S. President Donald Trump , at a ceremony outside the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron told reporters , `` Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada . ''
`` I want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocents lives , '' Trump said .
With files from Sabrina Nanji , Jennifer Yang , Wendy Gillis , Tamar Harris , Daniel Dale , Alexandra Jones , Julien Gignac , Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
With files from Sabrina Nanji , Jennifer Yang , Wendy Gillis , Tamar Harris , Daniel Dale , Alexandra Jones , Julien Gignac , Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
A Dublin apartment block housing more than 50 asylum seekers is to close within weeks .
Residents of the direct provision centre at Watergate House on Ushers Quay have been told the lease expires in June and it wo n't be renewed .
CEO of the Irish Refugee Council , Nick Henderson , says the race is on to find new accommodation as quickly as possible .
He explained : `` Currently it 's accommodating around 52 people , many of whom have been there for several years .
`` [ They 're ] often very vulnerable people . They may have children going to school or college , and have strong connections with the local community . ''
The Coast Guard is offering public tours in Juneau of its new cutter Bailey Barco on Thursday and Friday .
The 154-foot fast-response cutter is the second of six Sentinel-class cutters that will homeport in Alaska , and the 17th District 's second fast-response cutter . It 's capable of independent operation for about five days .
The Bailey Barco will be moored near downtown Juneau . Tours will be available 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and 4 to 6 p.m. Thursday and Friday .
Tour participants are asked to wear closed-toe shoes for safety . Large bags will not be permitted on board .
The cutter is named after a Stationkeeper Bailey T. Barco , who the Coast Guard said was instrumental in saving survivors of a schooner that ran aground during a severe winter storm in 1900 .
It will be commissioned in a closed ceremony today .
Later , it will join the cutter John McCormick at Coast Guard Station Ketchikan .
Funding comes from Waterways Safety Fund
COLUMBUS – More than $ 240,000 from Ohio 's Waterways Safety Fund is being provided to support 10 community boating safety education programs this year , according to the Ohio Department of Natural Resources ( ODNR ) .
Individual grant awards provided through the ODNR Division of Parks and Watercraft 's Boating Safety Education Grant program range from $ 8,875.23 to $ 30,000 . The grants are funded by Ohio 's recreational boaters through the Waterways Safety Fund , which is comprised of a share of the state motor fuel tax , watercraft registration and titling fees , and funding from the U.S. Coast Guard . A total of $ 240,003.36 is being awarded to 10 community boating safety education programs .
The ODNR Division of Parks and Watercraft is responsible for providing boating safety education and is committed to supporting safe boating programs . The division accomplishes this mission by providing annual funding assistance to local communities and nonprofit organizations through a competitive grant program .
Ohio law requires any person born on or after Jan. 1 , 1982 , to be able to show proof they have successfully completed an approved boating safety education course if they are to operate any powered watercraft greater than 10 horsepower . Many of the programs also focus on boating skills development and basic water safety .
A listing of the 2018 Boating Safety Education grant program awards can be found online at watercraft.ohiodnr.gov .
ODNR ensures a balance between wise use and protection of our natural resources for the benefit of all . Visit the ODNR website at ohiodnr.gov .
A complete list of the 2018 Boating Safety Education grant recipients is below .
Boating Safety Education Grants 2018 Recipients
County : Agency ; Grant Amount
Butler : Great Miami Rowing Center ; $ 20,425.80 .
Cuyahoga : Berea Power Squadron ; $ 8,875.23 . Mayfield Village Parks and Recreation ; $ 28,027 .
Delaware : The Adaptive Adventure Sports Coalition ; $ 29,791.44 .
Franklin : American Kayaking Association ; $ 22,320.60 . HERO USA ; $ 28,696.28 .
Hocking : Hocking College ; $ 30,000 .
Mercer : U.S. Freshwater Boaters Alliance ; $ 17,889.26 .
Preble : Miami Valley Boy Scout Council ; $ 24,000 .
Summit : Barberton Parks and Recreation ; $ 29,977.75
TOTAL : $ 240,003.36
http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_life-jacket-examples-copy.jpg
Sunbury News Staff Report
This document is available online at watercraft.ohiodnr.gov/grants
This document is available online at watercraft.ohiodnr.gov/grants
Alitalia 's flight attendant is seen at the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport in Rome , Italy , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Tony Gentile
FILE PHOTO : Alitalia advertising banner is seen on building downtown Milan , Italy , May 20 , 2016 . The banner reads , 'Alitalia Live , Love , Flight ' . REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : An airplane of Alitalia is seen at the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport in Rome , Italy , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Tony Gentile/File Photo
ROME/MILAN Italians are watching their flag carrier Alitalia go into yet another financial tailspin , and a growing number of them believe it would be better for the country if it crashed .
Outraged at repeated state bailouts that have cost taxpayers more than 7 billion euros ( 5.88 billion pounds ) over a decade , many Italians are taking to social media to urge the government to resist the political temptation to rush to its rescue again .
`` In electoral terms , Alitalia is worth nothing . It 's a dead weight , '' Angelino Ghinelli tweeted into a social media storm that has not gone unnoticed in Rome , where ministers have so far shown a strong reluctance to make any guarantees .
`` Enough with saving Alitalia , '' wrote Cinzia Briguglio , one of around 1,000 signatories to an online petition that sprang up this week , calling for the government not to get involved .
Consumer groups have also chimed in , including one , Codacons , which has threatened to ask Italy 's Corte dei Conti , a judicial auditor , to examine any state bailout . The court can fine officials , including ministers , for wasting public funds .
An opinion poll published on Friday , four days after Alitalia workers voted to reject a union-backed rescue plan proposed by management , shows that 77 percent of Italians believed the airline should be left to fail .
`` It 's clear Italians are opposed to governments systematically running up deficits to deal with companies in crisis , '' Natascia Turato , director of Index Research , said in a comment the firm posted online , along with its poll results .
Without state support , Alitalia appears headed for collapse . Rival airlines show little interest in buying it , and creditors refuse to lend more money after workers last Monday voted down a rescue plan that would have cut 1,700 jobs and trimmed salaries .
Rome has thrown Alitalia a short-term lifeline , a bridging loan of up to 400 million euros to see it through a bankruptcy process , under which an administrator will decide if it can be sold as a going concern or should be liquidated .
However , the government has ruled out renationalising the former state-owned business , once a symbol of Italy 's post-war economic boom but now struggling to compete at home against low-cost carriers Ryanair and EasyJet .
Italian Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan has gone a step further , saying the government is unwilling , directly or indirectly , to invest any capital in it .
But with a general election due by May 2018 , few Italians believe the ruling Democratic Party will really stand by and watch Alitalia crash and its 12,500 workers lose their jobs .
READING THE MOOD
Former prime minister Matteo Renzi , who is charting his way back to power , has said he will come up with a plan to rescue the airline by mid-May , assuming he emerges from this weekend 's Democratic Party primaries as its newly re-elected leader .
The hardening of public opinion against Alitalia , though , makes the political calculations difficult -- and neither Renzi nor his party 's main political rival , the 5-Star Movement , has advanced any concrete proposals for Alitalia .
Five Star 's leaders have refused to be drawn on whether they would be willing to see public money put into the company .
`` This time around the public is very divided on the issue which makes things difficult , '' said Andrea Giuricin , transport expert at Milan 's Bicocca university and author of `` The endless privatisation of Alitalia '' .
`` This is why political parties like Five Star or politicians like Renzi do n't yet have a clear position on the issue , are not yet certain what stand to take . ''
Opinions on the street are sharply divided .
`` I have n't flown Alitalia in years . Do we need a domestic flag carrier ? I do n't think that 's necessary these days , '' said Giulio Alesi , a Milan-based management student .
In Rome , where most of Alitalia 's employees live , it is easy to find people who want the government to mount another rescue .
`` I am absolutely for Alitalia being nationalised so that workers can keep their jobs under decent contractual terms , '' said Raffaele Di Giacomo , a salesman in a hardware store .
However , some trade unionists sense there is a strong current of public opinion against a state-funded bailout .
`` I know people are against the state to jump in , '' said Antonio Piras , leader of Fit-Cisl , one of the trade unions that backed the management rescue plan . `` But an electoral campaign is already on and this is a moment when anything can happen . ''
( Editing by Mark Bendeich and Ros Russell )
Aug 11 ( Reuters ) - MCAN Mortgage Corp-
* MCAN Mortgage Corporation announces second quarter earnings and third quarter dividend of $ 0.32 per share
* Q2 earnings per share c $ 0.39 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 28 First Pacific Co Ltd
* FY profit attributable to owners of parent increased by 28.0 % to US $ 103.2 million
* Fy turnover increased by 5.3 % to US $ 6,779.0 million
* A final distribution of hk5.50 cents ( U.S. 0.71 cents ) ( 2015 : HK5.50 cents or U.S. 0.71 cents ) per ordinary share has been recommended Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
OTTAWA — The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging , which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC .
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations , in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption .
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour , with no metallic or fluorescent finishes . Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant , with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products .
`` We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis , and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth , '' Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement .
`` Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal . ''
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product , including THC and cannabidiol .
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators . Once approved , the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana , while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply .
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses , as well as input from health and law enforcement experts , governments , patient advocates and industry representatives .
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana .
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres , which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink .
Reuters sports schedule at 1400 GMT on Thursday :
SOCCER
We will have all the latest news ahead of this weekend 's fixtures , which include Chelsea 's trip to Bournemouth and Tottenham Hotspur 's home clash against Watford . ( SOCCER-ENGLAND-TEAM/ , expect throughout )
CRICKET
Indian Premier League ( to May 21 )
( CRICKET-INDIA/IPL , copy on merit )
Sri Lanka v Bangladesh , second Twenty20
( CRICKET-IT20-LKA-BGD/ , copy on merit )
GOLF
Johnson and McIlroy set to take Masters spotlight
AUGUSTA , Georgia - The 81st edition of the U.S. Masters gets underway at Augusta National with red-hot world number one Dustin Johnson seeking his first Green Jacket and Rory McIlroy looking to complete a career grand slam of golf 's four majors . ( GOLF-MASTERS/ ( PIX , TV ) , expect by 1400 GMT/10 AM ET , by Steve Keating , Ed Osmond , Frank Pingue and Rory Carroll , 400 words )
Green Jacket pours greenbacks into Augusta economy
AUGUSTA , Georgia - It is anyone 's guess which player will wear the Green Jacket on Sunday night , but one certain winner of the Masters is the city of Augusta . ( GOLF-MASTERS/ECONOMY ( PIX , TV ) , expect by 1500 GMT/11 AM ET , by Rick Horrow , 400 words )
BASEBALL
Rodriguez gets his chance to impress for Boston
Venezuela left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez gets a chance to stake a claim for a regular spot in the Boston starting rotation if he takes the mound as expected for the Red Sox against the Pittsburgh Pirates in one of 13 games on the Major League Baseball schedule . ( BASEBALL-MLB-HIGHLIGHTS/ , expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 900 words )
NBA
Playoff berths online as postseason looms
Two teams with identical 38-40 records are in action with the Chicago Bills facing the lowly Philadelphia 76ers ( 28-50 ) , while the Indiana Pacers meet the Milwaukee Bucks ( 40-38 ) , who also have plenty to play for in two of the six games on the National Basketball Association schedule . ( BASKETBALL-NBA-HIGHLIGHTS/ , expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 500 words )
NHL
Leafs seek to clinch playoff berth
The Toronto Maple Leafs seek to punch their first playoff ticket in four seasons when they face the Tampa Bay Lighting in one of 12 games on the National Hockey League schedule . ( ICEHOCKEY-NHL-HIGHLIGHTS/ , expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 900 words )
RUGBY
Foley returns to face rampant Hurricanes
WELLINGTON - Wallabies flyhalf Bernard Foley has been cleared to play for the New South Wales Waratahs in what looms as a season-defining clash against the Wellington Hurricanes . ( RUGBY-UNION-SUPER/HURRICANES , expect by 0900 GMT/5 AM ET , by Greg Stutchbury , 400 words )
( Asia desk editor : John O'Brien )
BRIEF-Kyung Nam Pharm says subscription results of 4th series convertible bonds
* Says all of its 4th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on June 15
`` I would say we 're closer to the $ 100 million ( in added dollars ) if you look at the need to recruit doctors , and we have a huge issue of dialysis care . People are travelling for hours for dialysis and they have nowhere to stay , '' she said .
Meanwhile , the New Democrats and the Nova Scotia General and Government Employees Union have been issuing regular news releases updating the number of ambulances languishing outside overcrowded emergency wards .
The Liberals seemed to make a pre-emptive move on the health file Monday , announcing family doctors will get a pay boost as a result of nearly $ 40 million in funding — about $ 18 million of which was already announced last week as part of a $ 240 million end-of-year spending spree .
This includes a $ 150 bonus for every new patient they take on who was previously without a doctor .
The provincial government notes that health is already consuming 40 per cent of the budget , and that mental health 's $ 281-million budget went up $ 7.4 million in the last budget .
Erin Crandall , an assistant professor in the politics department at Acadia University , said in an interview the opposition parties may be vying to establish themselves as the alternative to the Liberal party on the health care issue .
`` They could see it as a political opportunity to distinguish themselves from the governing Liberals , '' she said .
Crandall notes that the Liberals have tended to campaign and hold themselves out as a party of fiscal restraint , as they have become the first government in a decade to achieve back-to-back balanced budgets .
In the last update , Finance Minister Karen Casey projected a $ 28.9-million surplus for 2017-2018 , about $ 7.6 million higher than forecasted in September when she presented a revised budget initially tabled ahead of last spring 's election .
Some of that has been achieved through tough labour tactics with public sector unions .
Those unions and thousands of public school teachers are among those who will have keen interest in what 's in the fiscal document .
McNeil has promised the budget will include a significant investment for classroom inclusion ahead of a report that is expected next month . He called the report an opportunity to signal to teachers that the government is serious about providing classroom support for students with special needs .
Classroom composition , and inclusion of students with special needs , was a major issue that was seldom discussed publicly during a 16-month contract dispute that saw teachers walk off the job for a day and stage a protest outside the provincial legislature just over one year ago .
During Monday 's news conference , Fran Morrison , whose son committed suicide in 2010 , said she 's also calling for an independent review of the Nova Scotia Health Authority 's hiring practices .
She says that those hired have not succeeded in reducing waiting times or delivering front-line services .
Carla Adams , a spokeswoman for the health authority , said in an email that the organization `` has processes in place to ensure our recruitment and selection process is objective , fair , transparent and based on merit . ''
Follow ( at ) mtuttoncporg on Twitter .
By Michael Tutton , The Canadian Press
March 31 Sofragi SA :
* FY distributable revenue 6.1 million euros ( $ 6.52 million ) versus 4.8 million euros year ago
* FY result 10.8 million euros versus 18.2 million euros year ago
* At Annual General Meeting of June 14 , 2017 , it will be proposed to distribute a dividend of 108.70 euros per share for 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9354 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Plenty of clouds were persisting over south Florida for the first part of the weekend . There 's now a general break in the overcast as a weak front fizzles out near the Straits . Slightly drier air will make a comeback on Sunday . Also , as winds veer more out of the south , temperatures will feel warmer ( with highs above 80 degrees ) . We 'll need to enjoy what sunshine we can get on Sunday since another front is quickly advancing . By early Monday morning we 'll see a large swath of clouds moves our way with patchy rain showers . Looking ahead , more of these weak fronts are coming but without the cold air . Each front , however , will continue to “ team up ” with moisture and bring back some rain . For the period ahead , it appears we both start the week… and end the week… on a damp note .
EDMONTON — Alberta is suspending portions of its draft plan to protect threatened woodland caribou , saying more research needs to be done and that Ottawa needs to help out .
Environment Minister Shannon Phillips told the house Monday that the province is acting on concerns about the economic impacts of the protection plan .
`` The federal Species at Risk Act is an extremely inflexible instrument that has already had negative economic consequences ( in Alberta ) , '' said Phillips .
`` We are going to do our best to make sure that we protect jobs on this . ''
She said she has sent that message in a letter to her federal counterpart , Catherine McKenna .
Phillips is urging the federal government to help Alberta come up with a workable solution rather than have Ottawa impose an environmental protection order .
Alberta 's draft plan is in response to a federal deadline under the Species at Risk Act passed last October and is designed to help threatened woodland caribou recover in 15 different ranges .
The province released its draft plan on Dec. 19 and then held a series of town hall meetings .
`` The public meetings were attended by thousands of Albertans who are concerned about the impact caribou range plans will have on their communities and on the industries that support those communities , '' stated Phillips ' letter , which was co-signed by Energy Minister Marg McCuaig-Boyd .
The province plans to spend more than $ 85 million in the next five years to restore caribou habitat by eliminating seismic lines , building birthing pens and bringing in other measures .
March 30 Williams Partners Lp
* Press release - Williams Partners completes transactions to acquire additional interests in two Marcellus Shale gathering systems and sell ownership stakes in Delaware Basin joint venture and Ranch Westex assets
* Deal for aggregate cash consideration of $ 200 million paid to Williams Partners Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Railway employees work on tracks as a freight train approaches at Tughlakabad railway station in New Delhi , India , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
A man rides his bicycle past a parked freight train at Ghaziabad railway station on the outskirts of New Delhi , India , April 20 , 2017 . Picture taken April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Freight trains are seen parked at Tughlakabad railway station in New Delhi , India , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Passengers wait to board their trains at Ghaziabad railway station on the outskirts of New Delhi , India , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
A man walks on a railway track as freight trains are parked at Tughlakabad railway station in New Delhi , India , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Passengers travel in an overcrowded train at Ghaziabad railway station on the outskirts of New Delhi , India , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
GHAZIABAD , India India 's mammoth state railways , much of them stuck in colonial times , have missed earnings targets for the third straight year and debts have shot up , documents seen by Reuters show , raising doubts about an ambitious modernization drive .
The previously unreported figures will make uncomfortable reading for Prime Minister Narendra Modi , the son of a train station tea seller who set out plans to overhaul the world 's fourth largest rail network after he took power in 2014 .
Modi 's $ 133 billion , five-year program backed by private and public investment aimed to boost passenger and freight volumes , lay new tracks , introduce modern trains and drive growth to help meet ambitious economic targets .
Of that , about $ 32 billion , or less than 25 percent , was spent in the first two years .
Some rail officials say it takes longer for investments to bear fruit , but nearly halfway through the plan , the sector 's performance has deteriorated according to some key measures .
`` Without surgery , the railways ca n't become commercially viable , '' said a senior government official who deals with the network 's finances .
Internal government documents show that under Modi , Indian Railways ' operating ratio - a gauge of efficiency measuring expenses as a proportion of revenues - has slipped to the worst level in 15 years .
The documents also show gross traffic earnings , which make up the bulk of revenues , would fall short of the target by over $ 3 billion in the fiscal year ending last month .
Revenues were insufficient to cover expenditure , and funding via market borrowing rose to about 22 percent last year from an average of 8 percent between 2010-15 . The railways now owe $ 20 billion , up $ 7 billion in the last three years .
For graphic on 'Indian railways ' finances ' click : tmsnrt.rs/2p2UccP
INVESTMENTS `` TAKE TIME ''
A senior railways ministry official , responding to questions from Reuters , said increased borrowing to fund new investments could not be expected to yield immediate results .
`` Railway projects have a long gestation , hence revenues from projects will take time to flow , '' the official said in emailed answers , adding that they would generate sufficient revenues over the next three to four years to pay debts falling due .
He also said a drop in freight revenues stemmed from a strategic decision to enhance volumes by cutting charges , while passenger numbers had `` increased after a gap of many years '' .
The official did not provide further details , and the latest passenger data for Indian Railways are not publicly available .
`` These railways numbers can not be solved overnight , '' said Bibek Debroy , a government adviser who has drafted a reform blueprint for the railways .
He proposes unbundling the railways into separate units to operate track and traffic , and allowing private players to run train services .
Private money has been slow to flow , however , amid uncertainty over the return on investments .
`` If the railway comes out with the right project structure which allows the private sector to have adequate and assured returns , investment in the railway sector will pick up , '' said Rajaji Meshram , director at KPMG India .
DISINTEGRATION
Strains on the network are visible at Ghaziabad 's teeming , 150-year-old railway station near New Delhi , one of northern India 's busiest freight junctions .
There , managers squeeze 70-75 freight trains a day between 340 passenger trains packed with commuters .
`` We ca n't tell our clients when their cargo will leave the station or reach its destination , '' said a local official . `` Passenger trains determine the movement of goods trains . ''
Such congestion has slowed the average speed of freight trains to around 20 km per hour from 24-25 kph three years ago . In China , the average speed of freight trains is 35 kph .
Ghaziabad is one of 400 stations identified by the Modi administration for redevelopment to generate non-fare revenues . Nearly two years after the federal cabinet approved the project , work there has yet to start .
Bhartruhari Mahtab , head of a parliamentary panel on railways , said a struggle to find investors had hobbled the $ 15 billion program to upgrade stations .
More broadly , he told Reuters he saw no alternative to drastic reforms , without which there could be `` a disintegration of Indian Railways '' .
Reform wo n't be easy . The bulk of freight earnings still comes from transporting commodities like coal and oil , but with companies laying oil pipelines and power plants being built near coal mines , this business is under threat .
Hamstrung by some of the world 's highest cargo rates , railways are also being priced out by cheaper road and air transport .
`` We have lost a lot of revenue to the road sector . So , now we have to bring back that share of traffic to the railway sector , '' said Anil Saxena , chief spokesman of the railways .
Modi appears frustrated . His office said in a statement that he rebuked railway bosses at a meeting on Wednesday over public complaints of corruption . He also called this week for greater urgency in re-developing train stations and in finding ways to generate non-fare revenues .
Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu did not respond to a request for an interview .
( Editing by Douglas Busvine and Mike Collett-White )
Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi had to evacuate their pets from their Californian home after raging wildfires threatened to destroy it .
The talk show host revealed the couple have removed their animals from their $ 18.6 million beachfront Santa Barbara house after The Thomas Fire , one of the blazes scorching California , neared their plush pad .
Ellen wrote on Twitter : `` Our house is under threat of being burned . We just had to evacuate our pets . I 'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters . ( sic ) ''
But the 'Ellen Show ' presenter admitted she was `` proud '' to be part of the community after seeing everyone come together at such a scary time , and she praised the firefighters for their efforts .
She tweeted : `` Everyone in the Montecito area is checking up on each other and helping to get people and animals to safety . I 'm proud to be a part of this community . I 'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs . Thank you all . # ThomasFire ( sic ) ''
The Thomas Fire has scorched more than 200,000 acres in the Santa Barbara area and more than 88,000 people have had to evacuate , with 85,000 without power .
Around 4,000 firefighters have been deployed to deal with the blaze .
Last week , Governor Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency as wildfires ripped through California .
He told CBS News : `` These fires are unprecedented . We 've never seen anything like it . Scientists are telling us , 'This is the kind of stuff that 's gon na happen . ' And we got ta deal with it . ''
AMSTERDAM Dutch and British authorities seized assets worth 6 million euros ( $ 6.40 million ) , including luxury cars , a speedboat and villas and made one arrest after a cross-border tax fraud investigation .
Dutch prosecutors said they had arrested a British woman , 46 , as a result of the probe , which was triggered after she and her 51-year-old Dutch husband withdrew more than 300,000 euros in cash with credit cards linked to offshore accounts .
A spokeswoman for the Dutch financial crime prosecutor said the operation , conducted with Britain 's HM Revenue and Customs , was part of a broader crackdown on offshore tax fraud which also led to last week 's raids involving suspected tax evasion by clients of Credit Suisse .
The couple owned a marketing company in the Manchester area and were suspected of concealing earnings using offshore bank accounts in the Netherlands , Germany and Austria , prosecutors said in a statement on Wednesday .
Prosecutors seized luxury cars including a Jaguar , a BMW and a Bentley in the operation , during which the suspects ' house in Britain was searched as well as two villas in the Netherlands , a house in Austria and their company 's Manchester headquarters .
`` By working jointly in this investigation , both the Netherlands and the UK want to demonstrate that they will take measures against the deposit of non-declared assets abroad , '' prosecutors said .
Their profits were laundered in the Netherlands , Dutch prosecutors alleged .
They said they were guided in their investigation by other sources beyond raw information about the cash withdrawals and tax payments , mentioning data from 3,000 Dutch depositors in Switzerland that fuelled the Credit Suisse investigation .
( $ 1 = 0.9382 euros )
( Reporting By Thomas Escritt ; Editing by Larry King )
Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade says public utility vehicles that pass the motor vehicle inspection system still have to be replaced so they will be Euro 4- or Euro 5-compliant
Published 4:05 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade said all public utility vehicles ( PUVs ) would eventually be required to `` modernize '' after a 3-year transition period .
On Monday , December 11 , Tugade appeared before the Senate committee on public services , which held a hearing on the PUV modernization program .
Tugade explained that all PUVs will have to pass the motor vehicle inspection system ( MVIS ) , which will be rolled out by January . PUVs that pass the roadworthiness test under the MVIS will be allowed on the road .
However , Tugade clarified that even after passing this test , jeepney operators and drivers will still have to `` modernize '' or replace their jeepneys after 3 years .
After the 3-year transition period , PUVs running with non-Euro 4-compliant engines will no longer be allowed on the road . ( READ : Is the PUV modernization program 'anti-poor ? ' )
`` Meron pong standards ha . 'Yung pintuan po hindi sa likod , sa tagiliran . 'Yung capacity ho seated at saka may stand . Meron po Euro 4 or Euro 5 [ engines ] , '' Tugade added .
( We have standards . The door of the vehicle should not be at the back but on the side . There should be both seating and standing capacity . The engine should be Euro 4- or Euro 5-compliant . )
Tugade said 26 mobile MVIS units will arrive before Christmas to kick-start the inspection . ( READ : Orbos : Phasing out of 'deteriorated ' PUVs to start January )
'Too expensive '
Transport groups reiterated their earlier position that they are not against modernization but highlighted that the new models prescribed by the government are still too expensive for them .
Pinagkaisang Samahan ng mga Tsuper at Operator Nationwide ( Piston ) leader George San Mateo said small-time operators would struggle with the costs of a new jeepney .
`` The P80,000 subsidies which would be provided by the government is too small . Drivers and operators will still have to pay interest to banks , '' San Mateo said in a mix of English and Filipino .
`` The government subsidy should not be less than 50 % of the total cost and should be charged 0 % interest by the banks , '' San Mateo said in response to Senator Grace Poe 's question on what would be reasonable costs .
The PUV modernization program aims to replace PUVs running for 15 years or more with new vehicles that have safety features . The goal is to promote safer and environment-friendly transport options to the commuting public .
Operators who can not finance the cost of a new jeepney can apply for loans provided by the Land Bank of the Philippines and the Development Bank of the Philippines , said the Department of Transportation . ( READ : PUV modernization : Planning , readiness issues raised at House hearing )
Piston called off its nationwide transport strike set for December 4 to 5 after Poe invited them to sit down with the committee to discuss their concerns . – Rappler.com
GE merges power units as executive who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
The St. Vincent De Paul pharmacy in Biloxi reached a big milestone with a 20th anniversary celebration at the downtown Biloxi facility .
Twenty years ago , the Catholic Diocese of Biloxi saw a need to help those who could n't help themselves with pharmaceuticals . More than 203,000 prescriptions have since been filled by the St. Vincent De Paul Pharmacy .
“ Many of our clients are here sometimes for just a stop gap , they 've lost their job , or they 've recently lost their home , ” said Sam Burke , pharmacy executive director . “ Whatever it might be , hopefully we can just bridge that gap for them . We 're trying to give them the medicines they need for some semblance of a good quality of life , a much better quality of life if they did not have them . ''
Burke added that the facility has come a long way since its humble beginnings in a trailer , which was eventually destroyed by Hurricane Katrina .
`` There are a lot of folks that would not be able to have the kind of medications they have and need without this group here , ” said Bishop Louis Kihneman , Diocese of Biloxi . “ They do wondrous work , and we 're blessed to have them . There are some people , that without this medication , they would not be able to survive . ''
The pharmacy already has satellite locations in Bay . St. Louis and Moss Point . Coming in October , they 'll have another location in the northern part of the Diocese in Hattiesburg .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
May 2 William Blair & Company has agreed to pay $ 4.5 million to settle charges of payment errors and disclosure failure , the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said on Monday .
William Blair settled charges that it used its funds assets to pay brokers instead of using its own assets or having a written plan allowing it to pay the brokers with fund assets . ( bit.ly/2oRbBqg )
The payment errors cost the funds approximately $ 1.25 million , which William Blair has since paid back to the funds plus interest , according to the SEC .
William Blair did not admit or deny the SEC 's findings and was not immediately available for comment .
The SEC order also found that the Chicago-based company failed to disclose to its board that it was retaining a fee from investors . ( bit.ly/2p2KRzj ) ( Reporting by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
The Mark Anthony De Simone homicide trial is back on track , only a few days behind schedule . Jury selection is scheduled to begin Wednesday .
A prosecution witness testified during a pre-trial evidentiary hearing Tuesday in Juneau Superior Court about a comment De Simone allegedly said to him immediately after the May 2016 shooting of Duilio Antonio “ Tony ” Rosales .
The witness said he later passed on the information to the Alaska State Trooper investigator in charge of the case .
The investigator testified he had no record of that particular conversation with the witness .
Judge Philip Pallenberg did n't believe it was a discovery violation or there was any misconduct involved with disclosure of the new information .
De Simone 's defense does n't need a continuance or delay to review the witness ' statements , and Pallenberg scheduled the trial 's jury selection to begin Wednesday morning .
De Simone is accused of shooting Rosales at a hunting cabin in Excursion Inlet . Trial was scheduled to begin Monday until the witness revealed De Simone 's alleged comment Friday .
Pallenberg asked Lemon Creek Correctional Center staff Tuesday to allow De Simone to change into clean civilian or street clothes for each day of the trial .
During previous trials , defendants were forced to wear dirty civilian clothes or prison-issued slip-on shoes , which could be prejudicial in the jury 's eyes .
Pallenberg referred to a 1974 Alaska Supreme Court case that specified “ every defendant should have the appearance and dignity of an innocent man , ” and they should be clean and presentable with an opportunity to shave and shower .
Former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi ( R ) holds and hugs a lamb as he poses with Michela Vittoria Brambilla , animal right activist and member of parliament for Berlusconi 's Forza Italia party , in this undated photo released by the Italian League in Defence of Animals and the Environment . Maurizio Calzari/Lega Italiana Difesa Animali e Ambiente/Handout via Reuters
Former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi feeds a lamb with a baby bottle in this undated photo released by the Italian League in Defence of Animals and the Environment . Maurizio Calzari/Lega Italiana Difesa Animali e Ambiente/Handout via Reuters
Former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi ( R ) holds and hugs a lamb as he poses with Michela Vittoria Brambilla , animal right activist and member of parliament for Berlusconi 's Forza Italia party , in this undated photo released by the Italian League in Defence of Animals and the Environment . Maurizio Calzari/Lega Italiana Difesa Animali e Ambiente/Handout via Reuters
ROME Former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has infuriated Italy 's meat industry by joining a vegetarian campaign and `` adopting '' five lambs that would have been butchered for Easter .
A video by the Italian League in Defence of Animals and the Environment , showing Berlusconi cuddling , kissing and feeding the lambs with a baby 's bottle , was circulated widely on social media over the weekend .
The 80-year-old four-times prime minister was filmed in his parkland estate in front of a sign saying `` Defend life , choose a vegetarian Easter '' , while a scrolling message urged viewers to `` Be like him . He saved five lambs from the Easter slaughter . ''
Berlusconi was expelled from the Senate in 2013 following a conviction for tax fraud , but his Forza Italia party is still the third or fourth most popular in Italy with around 12 percent of the vote , according to opinion polls .
Italians traditionally eat lamb or goat on Easter Sunday but consumption has declined sharply over the last five years due to an economic slump and growing success of vegetarian campaigns .
Italy 's butchers ' lobby Assocarni attacked the billionaire media tycoon and called on advertisers to boycott his television channels and publications .
`` It 's incredible that even though he is a business person he is contributing to damaging the meat industry to try to get the votes of animal lovers , '' it said in a statement .
Several newspapers reported last year that Berlusconi had become a vegetarian . He responded in a statement that he had `` never made any declaration on this , either in public or in private '' , neither confirming nor denying the reports .
Berlusconi has worn a pacemaker for a decade and underwent open-heart surgery in June last year to replace a defective aortic valve .
( Reporting by Gavin Jones ; editing by Andrew Roche )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LONDON , March 29 Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she realised it would be a challenge to meet her own two-year deadline to reach a deal on Britain 's future relationship with the bloc .
`` We recognise that it will be a challenge to reach such a comprehensive agreement within the two-year period set out for withdrawal discussions in the Treaty , '' May said in a letter to Tusk which formally started the negotiating period .
`` But we believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU , '' May said in the text of the letter , which was distributed by her office . ( Reporting by William James ; editing by Stephen Addison )
LAS VEGAS | Authorities hunting for a motive behind the carnage at a Las Vegas concert are looking into the possibility that gunman Stephen Paddock planned additional attacks , including a car bombing .
In addition , law enforcement was investigating whether Paddock had scoped out other music festivals in Las Vegas and Chicago — and even Boston 's Fenway Park .
Las Vegas police also announced Thursday that they had found a vehicle they had been searching for as part of the investigation into the massacre that left 58 people dead and nearly 500 injured Sunday at an outdoor country music festival .
A little-known device called a `` bump stock '' is attached to a semi-automatic rifle at the Gun Vault store and shooting range Wednesday , Oct. 4 , 2017 , in South Jordan , Utah . Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 33 guns within the last year , but that did n't raise any red flags . Neither did the mountains of ammunition he was stockpiling , or the bump stocks found in his hotel room that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic fully automatic weapons . ( AP Photo/Rick Bowmer ) Gareth Wilkinson stands near a makeshift memorial in honor of the victims of a mass shooting Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . ( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) Sherri Camperchioli , left , and Jordan Cassel help set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds . ( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) Las Vegas police Sgt . Ryan Fryman , right , and other officers attend a candlelight memorial for Las Vegas police officer Charleston Hartfield , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Hartfield was killed when Stephen Craig Paddock broke windows on the Mandalay Bay resort and casino and began firing with a cache of weapons at a country music festival Sunday . ( AP Photo/John Locher ) Veronica Hartfield , center right , walks alongside her son , Ayzayah Hartfield , center , as they arrive to a candlelight vigil for her husband , Las Vegas police officer Charleston Hartfield , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Las Vegas . Hartfield was killed when Stephen Craig Paddock broke windows on the Mandalay Bay resort and casino and began firing with a cache of weapons at a country music festival Sunday . Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured . ( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) Clark County Fire Department engineer Brian Emery stands by one of his agency 's Mass Casualty Incident vehicles in Las Vegas on Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 . Emery was driving a traditional fire engine the night of the shooting when his crew wound up being among the first on duty emergency workers to arrive at the scene on Sunday . The four members of the crew treated some 30 people with a range of injuries from shortly after 10 p.m. until after sunrise Monday . A gunman opened fire on an outdoor country music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds . ( AP Photo/Anita Snow ) FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother , Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock . On Sunday , Oct. 1 , 2017 , Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds . Authorities trying to piece together the final days before Stephen Paddock unleashed his arsenal of powerful firearms on country music fans on the Las Vegas Strip have at least one potential trove of information : his gambling habits . Gaming regulators say they 're sorting through documents that can include suspicious transaction or currency reports . ( Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP ) New England Patriots and Tampa Bay Buccaneers fans shine flashlights during a moment of silence for the victims of the Las Vegas shootings before an NFL football game Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Tampa , Fla. ( AP Photo/Phelan Ebenhack ) Michelle Potts of Hedgesville , W.Va. leans on the shoulder of her husband , Gary Potts , during a candlelight vigil she organized for her best friend , Las Vegas shooting victim Denise Burditus of Martinsburg , W.Va. , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 on the football field at Hedgesville High School . Burditus , 50 , was one of 58 people murdered at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival in Las Vegas , Nev. Sunday , Oct. 1 , 2017 . ( Jeff Taylor /The Winchester Star via AP )
More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history :
THE INVESTIGATION
A federal official told The Associated Press that authorities are examining whether Paddock planned more attacks , such as a car bombing . The official was n't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car , along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives , and 50 pounds of Tannerite , a substance used in explosive rifle targets .
Authorities also revealed that Paddock booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September . Investigators also came across mention of Fenway , Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said , though he provided no further details .
In addition , police announced they had located a Hyundai Tucson while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno , Nevada , that Paddock shared with his girlfriend , Marilou Danley . It was n't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition .
NRA PROPOSES REGULATIONS
The National Rifle Association is joining the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a surprise endorsement of a narrow gun restriction in the wake of the Vegas concert shooting .
The NRA said devices called “ bump stocks ” that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be “ subject to additional regulations. ” The devices were found in Paddock 's hotel room .
President Donald Trump said his administration is considering whether they should be banned .
The NRA , which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions , dismissed calls from some Democrats for more gun control , however . The organization 's leaders said , “ Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks . ”
THE UNWITTING FIRST RESPONDERS
A group of firefighters driving back to their Vegas station after responding to a call for a minor car crash ended up being the first to respond to the shooting massacre .
Brian Emery recalled Thursday that gunfire rang out as hundreds of hysterical people swarmed the vehicle on the Las Vegas Strip .
It was pure coincidence that the Clark County Fire Department crew members on Engine 11 were the first on-duty emergency personnel to arrive at Sunday 's shooting .
The surge of people forced Emery to stop driving , but he eventually inched the engine out and got it to a parking lot where the crew could start treating patients . The work continued until after sunrise .
58 WOODEN CROSSES
White crosses have been placed on the Las Vegas Strip for each victim of the concert shooting .
Retired carpenter Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to put up the 58 crosses Thursday afternoon .
The 66-year-old is known for installing the markers at the sites of other mass killings , including the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and Orlando nightclub massacre .
He plans to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims .
REMEMBRANCES
Thousands gathered Thursday to mourn a police officer who was one of the 58 people .
A candlelight vigil was held Thursday in honor of shooting victim Denise Burditus on the football field of the Hedgesville , West Virginia , high school she graduated from in 1985 .
Burditus , 50 , had posted a photo on Facebook earlier Sunday of herself and her husband standing in front of the stage at the Vegas concert . Her husband later posted on his Facebook page that the mother of two died in his arms .
In other tributes , NFL fans held up their phones to shine flashlights during a moment of silence for the shooting victims before a game in Florida on Thursday between the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the New England Patriots .
___
Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo contributed to this report from Las Vegas .
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting , click here : https : //apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting .
0 Mid-South man accused of kidnapping , beating girlfriend had violent past
DYERSBURG , Tenn. - FOX13 has learned new information about Charles Cook , the Dyersburg man in jail for brutally beating his girlfriend and holding her captive .
RELATED : TN woman escapes after being kidnapped and beaten by boyfriend
Charles Albert Cook is no stranger to violent acts .
According to a report FOX13 received from the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations , it shows the 32-year-old has been arrested several times for violence .
Trending stories :
The report explains his very first arrest in 2016 for aggravated assault in Dyer County .
In 2016 , Cook was arrested four times for assault , violating a protection order , and failure to appear in court . The violence continued into 2017 .
In March of that year , Cook was charged with two counts of domestic assault .
In September , Cook was convicted of aggravated assault and false imprisonment .
He was sentenced to 90 days in probation .
Right now , Cook is in the Lauderdale County Jail charged with theft , aggravated kidnapping , and aggravated assault .
His girlfriend , Melissa , is recovering after her new boyfriend beat her and held her captive for five days . The two met recently on the Tinder dating app .
Melissa could be in the hospital for more than a week because her injuries are that severe .
Melissa 's father could hardly recognize her . “ She does n't look like herself . She is a beautiful girl . She does n't look like herself and I just ca n't believe it , ” said Ronnie , Melissa 's father .
The woman injuries were so great , her family struggled to list them all .
“ Her back is fractured , a couple of ribs , on each side , are broken , ” said Ronnie .
“ She has a broken jaw , ” said Aunt Jeannie . “ She is bruised , seriously , from her head to her toes . Her whole body . He hit her with a stick . He hit her with his fist . ”
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Brooke is a bold all-American tomboy that is passionate about her friends , her family and new adventures . She is a former hip-hop dance instructor and an outdoor enthusiast . She is the voice of reason to Jubal 's crazy . She still says , “ Woot , ” “ Raise the roof , ” and loves to over share .
Red Deer County Council Division 2 candidate Edward Collins looks to ensure that taxation is clear to County residents .
“ Even in this depressed economy , my personal property tax went up , ” he said .
“ They did n't change the mill rate , but they changed the value of the property . When they say they hold the line on taxation , they do n't change the rate but they change the assessments—which gives them more revenue . ”
The candidate , who describes himself as cautiously to the right , feels that he has the prerequisite experience to be an asset to council .
“ I farmed in Saskatchewan for 35 years , ” he said .
“ We had livestock and grain-land , so I understand farming . Since I moved out to Red Deer County in 2003 , we bought an acreage—so I understand acreage living . I have a small business building sheds out on Highway 595 .
“ I understand acreage living ; I understand small business and I understand agriculture . I think that gives me a wide range of ideas the County could use . ”
Collins , who previously served in elected municipal government in Saskatchewan , hopes to bring some changes to the County—including further addressing safety issues that are frequent throughout the region .
“ I think safety is on everyone 's mind in the County , ” he said .
“ The County is limited to lobbying the provincial and federal governments . Policing is one thing , but the consequences for crime are way too light . The police are worked to death in investigating and bringing someone to court .
“ They ( the perpetrators ) are often out in days or have never been in . It is frustrating .
“ That is not a County issue but I think the County can lobby the government to perhaps change that . ”
Collins explained that there are many issues that can be addressed , once the new council has a feel of the day-to-day operations of the County .
He did note administration needs to be looked into in the next term .
“ I question the amount of staff in the County , ” he said . “ My understanding is that the staff has increased by 30 to 40 per cent . ”
He said a large administration is okay for an institution as long as it is purposeful .
Collins said it could be advantageous financially for the County to look into the amount of staff they carry .
“ That is what I would like to see , ” he said .
“ By myself , can I change anything ? No , but with the help of other councillors—we can look into things . ”
Collins said he has no intentions to make any promises he ca n't deliver on—especially if the request falls outside of municipal jurisdiction .
“ I know in the past , candidates have made promises that are not County or municipal issues—they are federal or provincial , ” he added .
Collins said he has no ill-will or personal gripe against the Division 2 incumbent Jean Bota , he would just like to be elected to accomplish some of the things that are n't currently being accomplished .
He feels he would fit in well with the new council in the next term
“ I am able to fit into most situations , ” he said .
“ I am not concerned with getting along with people because I am easy-going , however , I am not an easy push-over either . I absolutely look forward to the opportunity of serving on council . ”
todd.vaughan @ reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook at https : //www.facebook.com/RedDeerExpress/ and follow us on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/RedDeerExpress .
A man arrested for selling ecstasy drugs escapes from the hospital after one of his guards went out for breakfast and the other fell asleep
MANILA , Philippines – An American arrested for selling at least 140 tablets of the party drug ecstasy was able to escape Saturday , April 15 , after undergoing surgery for acute appendicitis .
Jun No , who was arrested by the Philippine National Police ( PNP ) 's Drug Enforcement Group ( DEG ) just last April 5 , was rushed to the hospital on April 10 after he complained of lower abdominal pain . He was undergoing physical and medical examination ahead of his transfer to the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency ( PDEA ) Quezon City Jail Annex in Bicutan .
No was first bought to the PNP General Hospital then to the East Avenue Medical Center , according to a DEG press release on the case . At 9:30 pm , No underwent surgery for acute appendicitis . He was confined in one of the hospital 's wards and was being guarded by personnel of the DEG and the PDEA .
But No was still able to escape after the policeman assigned to guard him went out for breakfast . The PDEA agent , meanwhile , “ was asleep beside him . ”
Police say No was aided by a certain Darleen Son , who gave the suspect P3,000 to facilitate his escape . Son was arrested by the PNP DEG and faces obstruction of justice charges for helping No escape .
Senior Police Office 2 Michael Macarubbo and PDEA agent Ernie Eugnio , meanwhile , face evasion through negligence charges for allowing No to escape , according to the PNP DEG . No was apparently left without handcuffs while on his hospital bed , contrary to earlier established protocols .
They also face administrative cases for serious neglect of duty and are currently in the custody of the PNP Criminal Investigation and Detection Group ( CIDG ) .
Police are still looking for No .
The DEG is the PNP 's newly-formed unit tasked in chasing after `` high-value targets '' in President Rodrigo Duterte 's war on drugs .
It was created in March 2017 , a month after Duterte ordered the closure of the PNP Anti-Illegal Drugs Group ( AIDG ) after one of its men allegedly planned and carried out the kidnap and murder of a Korean national . – Rappler.com
WASHINGTON , April 10 U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives Tuesday including the heads of General Motors Co , IBM Corp , Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Tesla Inc , BlackRock Inc and Blackstone Group LP as he works to gain support for administration priorities .
The business leaders from a variety of sectors also will confer in small groups with five cabinet secretaries about administration priorities on the budget , transportation , environment , education and commerce . It would be the latest in a series of meetings Trump is holding with business leaders as he seeks to gain traction for administration plans for corporate tax reform , boosting infrastructure and cutting federal regulations . ( Reporting by David Shepardson ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Opgen Inc :
* OPGEN ANNOUNCES PRICING OF $ 12 MILLION UPSIZED PUBLIC OFFERING
* ‍THE UNITS ARE BEING OFFERED AT A PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE OF $ 3.25 PER UNIT​
* ‍PRICING OF A PUBLIC OFFERING OF AN AGGREGATE OF 3.7 MILLION UNITS
* ‍UNITS ARE BEING OFFERED AT A PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE OF $ 3.25 PER UNIT​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Man dies days after stabbing , suspect charged with murder
HARTFORD , Conn. ( AP ) — A man has died from injuries sustained in a stabbing in Connecticut .
Police say 35-year-old Troy McIntosh was stabbed in the chest in Hartford June 23 . He died in a hospital July 1 .
Authorities arrested a 27-year-old man in connection with the stabbing Tuesday and charged him with murder .
The man is being held on $ 1.5 million bond .
He is due back in court Thursday .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Ocean Springs Mayor Shea Dobson , who made the decision to put the Mississippi state flag back up in front of city hall after taking office , weighed in on the explosive Charlottesville protests .
In a Monday Facebook post , Dobson said , `` I condemn anyone who attempts to spread their hate by using the flag of our great state or this great nation . ''
Following the racially motivated and violent incidents in Virginia over the weekend , Ocean Springs resident Lea Campbell is asking the mayor to take proactive steps to prevent racial violence from happening in her city .
`` In light of what happened in Charlottesville , Virginia , I did feel an urgency about bringing that up with the mayor today , '' Campbell said .
Campbell , who is also President of the Mississippi Rising Coalition , met with Mayor Shea Dobson on Monday and asked him to create an advisory council on diversity in the city . She said the council would give people of all walks of life a voice in front of the all white male board of aldermen and mayor .
`` We want to make sure that those voices have a seat at the table and are included in the decision making processes of this city , '' Campbell said .
Virgil Dunbar has lived in Ocean Springs for more than 40 years . He said he does n't have a problem with the state flag flying in front of city hall , but says it 's important to listen to all sides of an issue . Dunbar saw first hand the positive impact of people with different opinions meeting together following Hurricane Katrina .
`` It did n't matter then what color you were or what ethnicity you were or anything like that , '' Dunbar said . `` Everybody was hurting and we all came to each others aid . ''
The protests that turned violent in Virginia have Campbell concerned for what could happen closer to home . The last few years since the state flag debate has heated up she 's experienced an increase in negative comments towards her .
`` I 've seen the level of animosity and vitriol and the rhetoric directed towards those of us that are advocating for change really go up , '' Campbell said .
Mayor Dobson told WLOX that he 's open to exploring the idea of creating a council on diversity .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
These men — because they are almost exclusively men — have a plan for what to do with the wealth : They want to build a crypto utopia , a new city where the money is virtual and the contracts are all public , to show the rest of the world what a crypto future could look like .
From the Harford County Sheriff 's Office :
A Forest Hill woman is recovering at the hospital after she was struck by a vehicle in Aberdeen on Tuesday night .
On May 29th , 2018 , at approximately 10:20 p.m. , Harford County Sheriff 's Office deputies assigned to the Southern Precinct were dispatched to the scene of a crash at the intersection of Henley Drive and Creswell Road . Upon arrival , deputies discovered a pedestrian involved collision .
The pedestrian , Katie Leann Cowan , 24 , was transported to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center by ground for treatment of serious injuries .
Deputies assigned to the Harford County Sheriff 's Office Traffic Unit responded to the scene to assume the investigation into the cause and circumstances of the crash . The preliminary investigation indicates Cowan walked into the roadway attempting to capture a loose dog , when she was struck by a vehicle traveling eastbound on Creswell Road . The driver of the vehicle has been identified as Debra Boracki , 63 of Aberdeen . Boracki , who remained at the scene , was not injured in the crash .
Preliminarily , the cause of the crash is believed to be pedestrian error . The investigation is ongoing .
Cowan is currently in critical condition at the hospital .
Anyone who may have witnessed the crash or has any information regarding the incident is asked to contact the Harford County Sheriff 's Office Traffic Unit at 443-409-3324 .
BRUSSELS May 2 The agreement on Greek pension and income tax reforms reached on Tuesday morning paves the way for discussions on debt relief for Athens , the euro zone bailout fund ESM said in a statement .
`` Staff teams from the European Commission , European Stability Mechanism , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund have reached a preliminary agreement with the Greek authorities on a policy package to support the recovery in Greece , and which will be the basis for concluding the 2nd review of the ESM stability support programme , '' it said .
`` The Greek authorities have confirmed their intention to swiftly implement this policy package . This preliminary agreement will now be complemented by further discussions in the coming weeks on a credible strategy for ensuring that Greece 's debt is sustainable , '' the fund said .
( Reporting By Jan Strupczewski ; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek )
HALIFAX — For the first time , electricity has been sent between Newfoundland and Nova Scotia through the new Maritime Link .
The 500-megawatt transmission line was tested Friday , but wo n't go into commercial operation until early in the New Year .
Rick Janega , the CEO of Emera Newfoundland and Labrador , calls the test an historic accomplishment and the culmination of almost seven years of work .
The project includes two 170-kilometre subsea cables across the Cabot Strait , with almost 50 kilometres of overland transmission in Nova Scotia and more than 300 kilometres of overland transmission in Newfoundland .
April 10 Halyard Health Inc
* Halyard Health - On April 7 , jury found Kimberly-Clark liable for $ 3.9 million in compensatory damages for Microcool * Surgical Gowns case
* Halyard Health Inc- Halyard intends to file motions to challenge verdict - SEC Filing
* Halyard Health Inc- Halyard Health intends to challenge jury 's punitive damages award - SEC Filing
* Halyard Health - On April 7 , jury found Kimberly-Clark liable for $ 350 million in punitive damages for Microcool * Surgical Gowns case
* Halyard Health - Jury found Halyard was liable for $ 261,445 in compensatory damages and $ 100 million in punitive damages for Microcool * Surgical Gowns case Source text : [ bit.ly/2oj2ZFn ] Further company coverage :
April 20 Renasant Corp
* Renasant announces receipt of all federal bank regulatory approvals for merger with Metropolitan
* Proposed merger of Metropolitan Bancgroup with and into renasant is expected to be completed in Q3 of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
× Young Millennial drivers are the worst , study finds
RICHMOND , Va. — Young millennial drivers , defined as between the ages of 19 and 24 , are the country 's riskiest drivers , according to the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety .
The study found almost 90 percent of those young millennial drivers took at least one risky behavior while driving in the last 30 days — earning them the study 's top spot for “ worst behaved drivers . ”
Dangerous behaviors include texting while driving , speeding , and running red lights .
While the numbers look bad for the young millennials , they do not improve much with age .
“ Before you start finger pointing , look in the mirror , ” Martha Mitchell Meade , Public and Government Affairs Manager for AAA , said . “ As disturbing as this may be , equally disturbing is the fact that the millennials behaving badly are hardly alone . ”
The same study found MOST drivers on the road today engage in those same risky behaviors .
A key difference between younger and older drivers could be the fact , the study found , young millennial drivers think those dangerous driving behaviors are okay .
“ Alarmingly , some of the drivers ages 19-24 believe that their dangerous driving behavior is acceptable , ” Dr. David Yang , AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety executive director , said . “ It 's critical that these drivers understand the potentially deadly consequences . ”
The findings of the AAA study can be found below :
By rank and by age group , the percentage of drivers who reported engaging in speeding , red light running , or texting behind the wheel in the past 30 days include :
1 . Driver ages 19-24 : 88.4 percent
2 . Driver ages 25-39 : 79.2 percent
3 . Driver ages 40-59 : 75.2 percent
4 . Driver ages 16-18 : 69.3 percent
5 . Driver ages 75+ : 69.1 percent
6 . Driver ages 60-74 : 67.3 percent
Texting While Driving
Driver ages 19 – 24 were 1.6 times as likely as all drivers to report having read a text message or e-mail while driving in the last 30 days
Driver ages 19 – 24 were nearly twice as likely as all drivers to report having typed or sent a text message or e-mail while driving
Speeding
Driver ages 19 – 24 were 1.4 times as likely as all drivers to report having driven 10 mph over the speed limit on a residential street .
Nearly 12 percent of drivers ages 19-24 reported feeling that it is acceptable to drive 10 mph over the speed limit in a school zone , compared to less than 5 percent of all drivers .
Red- Light Running
Nearly 50 percent of drivers ages 19 – 24 reported driving through a light that had just turned red when they could have stopped safely , compared to 36 percent of all drivers .
Nearly 14 percent of drivers ages 19 – 24 reported feeling that it is acceptable to drive through a light that just turned red , when they could have stopped safely , compared to about 6 percent of all drivers .
Distracted Driving
More than 2 in 3 drivers report talking on their cell phone while driving in the past month , and nearly 1 in 3 say they do so fairly often or regularly .
More than 2 in 3 drivers ( 71.5 percent ) support restricting the use of hand-held cell phones while driving .
Most drivers view texting or emailing while driving as a very serious threat to their own personal safety and consider it completely unacceptable . However , nearly 1 in 3 ( 31.4 percent ) admit to typing or sending a text message or email while driving in the past month , and 2 in 5 ( 40.2 % ) report reading a text message or email while driving in the past month .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
A change to Pascagoula 's smoking ordinance could cause some who use e-cigarettes to rethink where they vape .
April 20Leshi Internet Information & Technology Corp Beijing :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 0.28 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/xeQsQa
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
VANCOUVER — The Tampa Bay Lightning were n't in much of a celebratory mood after collecting a 4-2 victory in Vancouver .
Despite winning for the fifth time in their last six games , thanks to a Yanni Gourde second-period goal that stood as the winner on Saturday , the Lightning did n't feel good about letting the Canucks back into the game in the third .
Holding a 3-0 lead midway through the final period , Vancouver 's Thomas Vanek and Brock Boeser scored to make it a much closer game than the Eastern Conference-leading Lighting would have preferred .
`` We did n't play the right way , '' said Gourde . `` We ca n't be doing that any more . You ca n't let teams back in the game when you 're leading . We have to be much better than what we showed tonight . ''
Chris Kunitz , Victor Hedman and Cory Conacher also scored for Tampa Bay ( 36-13-3 ) . Goalie Andrei Vasilevskiy was impressive with 31 saves .
An equally-sombre Kunitz said his team needs to close out games if it hopes to make a deep run in the post-season .
`` We have to make sure we 're learning how to win the right way , '' said Kunitz . `` We 're trying to focus on being a team that can win in the playoffs . ''
Meanwhile , the Canucks ( 21-25-6 ) were looking for a third straight win at home for the first time this season . Their rally late in the third effectively ended when Conacher converted a penalty shot after taking a high stick to the face from Chris Tanev while on a breakaway .
`` It 's tough for me , I have to come up with that save , '' said Canucks goalie Jacob Markstrom , who stopped 24 shots . `` We 've got to play full 60-minute games . We created chances , but they have one of the best goalies in the world over there and he outplayed me tonight . It 's frustrating . ''
That goalie would be Vezina-candidate Vasilevskiy , who leads the league in shutouts ( seven ) and has faced 30 or more shot in his last six starts . He faced 17 shots in the third period alone on Saturday .
March 29 Pangea GmbH :
* Pangea GmbH , a subsidiary of Busch SE , decides to offer to shareholders of Pfeiffer Vacuum by way of voluntary public takeover offer to acquire their no-par value shares in Pfeiffer Vacuum Technology AG , each representing a notional amount of 2.56 euros in the registered share capital , against payment of 110.00 euros ( $ 118.60 ) per share
* Settlement of voluntary public takeover offer will occur only after agm of Pfeiffer Vacuum will have taken place on May 23 and therefore after payment of dividend of 3.60 euros per share announced for 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9275 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Watermelons are too much work !
Watermelon is the fruit that make spitting acceptable in polite society . I remember when I was little , thinking watermelon tasted like eating water . And so do cucumbers , now that I think about it .
-- -
The content you 're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only . Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD .
If you 're an existing subscriber ( print or digital ) and already have your Username and Password , click here : http : //bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you 're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account , click here : http : //bitly.com/1wHXqwM
* Philip Morris , Verizon fall after quarterly results
* Investors eye first round of French election this Sunday
* Indexes up : Dow 0.35 pct , S & P 0.26 pct , Nasdaq 0.34 pct ( Adds details , changes comment , updates prices )
By Tanya Agrawal
April 20 Wall Street was higher in late morning trading on Thursday , boosted largely by gains in financial and materials stocks .
A 3.9 percent rise in shares of American Express kept the Dow Jones Industrial Average on track to break a two-day losing streak , although losses in Travelers and Verizon limited the gains .
AmEx reported a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly profit on Wednesday , indicating the credit card company was recovering from the loss of key partnerships last year .
`` As we see a steady stream of earnings , on balance the season has been better and that 's helping the market today , '' said Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York .
With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump 's ability to deliver on his pro-growth promises , investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify lofty market valuations .
Of the 57 companies in the S & P 500 that have reported earnings through Wednesday morning , about 75 percent have topped expectations , according to Thomson Reuters data , above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters .
Overall , profits of S & P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.8 percent in the quarter , the best since 2011 .
`` Investors are definitely nervous about the upcoming French elections , the situation in North Korea and Syria . Friday should be a risk-off trading day ahead of the election . ''
Mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States and the looming French presidential elections are keeping investors away from making risky bets .
A closely watched poll showed Centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to his lead as favorite to win France 's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call .
Oil prices remained volatile with Brent crude up 0.3 percent at $ 53.10 , after being lower earlier in the session .
At 10:39 a.m . ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 70.46 points , or 0.35 percent , at 20,474.95 , the S & P 500 was up 6.08 points , or 0.26 percent , at 2,344.25 .
The Nasdaq Composite was up 19.68 points , or 0.34 percent , at 5,882.71 .
Seven of the 11 major S & P sectors were higher , with the financial index 's 0.77 percent rise leading the gainers .
CSX Corp jumped 7 percent to $ 50.16 after the No . 3 U.S. railroad operator 's quarterly profit beat estimates . The stock was among the biggest boosts to the S & P and the Nasdaq .
Shares of Philip Morris fell 3.6 percent to $ 109.82 after the tobacco maker 's first-quarter profit forecast came in below estimates .
Key companies scheduled to report results on Thursday include Dow component Visa and toymaker Mattel .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,685 to 1,018 . On the Nasdaq , 1,659 issues rose and 908 fell .
The S & P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and one new low , while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and 20 new lows . ( Reporting by Tanya Agrawal ; Editing by Anil D'Silva )
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Funding is being provided for a new Food Innovation Hub in Athenry which will create 360 jobs within 3 years .
Galway East T.D Seán Canney says Minister for Enterprise , Heather Humphreys , has announced funding for the hub as part of the Regional Development Fund .
BIA Innovator Campus will create 360 jobs within 3 years in more than 40 businesses .
It will be based at Teagasc lands in Athenry and will consist of a 23 thousand square foot facility including a 9 thousand square foot enterprise hub and training facilities .
Work on the building is expected to begin next year once the project has gone through a planning process .
Independent T.D Seán Canney says it 's a good fit for Athenry .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Another round of rain will move in by early Tuesday morning and this could be quite a soaker .
Most of the rain will be done by early afternoon , although a shower or two may linger .
An additional 0.50″ to 1.00″ is possible . Milder air will move in , with temperatures reaching the mid and upper 50s .
Wednesday now looks like the warmest day of the week , with highs in the upper 50s and low 60s and partly sunny skies .
Then a disturbance leading a rush of Arctic air into the Mid-Atlantic may trigger a period of snow showers or flurries later Thursday into early Friday morning .
While this will not be a major snowfall , some accumulation is possible .
Be sure to download the WTVR news and weather apps to stay in touch with our latest forecast , as there may be adjustments over the next few days .
Temperature-wise , highs Thursday will be in the upper 30s and low 40s , lowering into the mid 30s Friday into next weekend . Overnight lows will likely dip into the teens and low 20s .
Saudi 's Kingdom Holding buys $ 62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI , June 15 Saudi Arabia 's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $ 62 million .
Tiffany Haddish has no problem being herself , and is finding that men appreciate that about her . But , she was n't always so confident – and that manifested itself in a hairdo she regrets 20 years later .
In our Beautiful Issue , the comedian , 38 , gets real about her beauty routine , her favorite products , and how she feels beautiful . However , she explained one of her beauty regrets and it 's so relatable .
RELATED : Yara Shahidi Had Her First Slow Dance with a Boy on Grown-ish
Haddish says if she could go back in time she would tell her 15-year-old self “ Just be who you are ” – and that is someone who does not have or need permed hair . “ All the girls in school had perms and stuff or they already had naturally silky hair , so I thought if I get a perm , and then I can get in the swimming pool and my hair will lay straight and then boys will like me and all that , ” Haddish says . “ But I was too goofy anyways . ”
And it really backfired in a way that she could n't have anticipated . Boys “ still liked me anyways except for when all my hair had fallen out [ from the perm ] , and I was like bald , ” says Haddish .
RELATED VIDEO : Tiffany Haddish Says She and Brad Pitt Have Agreed to Hook Up in a Year If They Were Both Single
Her big takeaway from the experience ? She already had the best tool in her arsenal : being female . “ [ Boys ] gon ' like you regardless , ” she advises her teenage self . “ You a girl ! ”
RELATED : The Beauty Breakdown : Stars Get Real About Their Beautiful Lives
These days , Haddish explains , her beauty mantra is “ I love and approve of you and it does n't matter what anybody else in the world thinks because you 're beautiful to me. ” And that ( as well as “ do n't get a perm ” ) is advice we can all live buy .
Aug 26 , 2016 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady ( 12 ) stands on the field during warm ups prior to the game against the Carolina Panthers at Bank of America Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Jeremy Brevard-USA TODAY Sports / Reuters Picture Supplied by ...
( The Sports Xchange ) - New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James were among seven sports figures named to Time Magazine 's annual list of the world 's most influential people , which was announced Thursday .
While Brady and James have ample championships on their resume , polarizing NFL free-agent quarterback Colin Kaepernick also appeared on the list that included pioneers , artists and leaders .
Chicago Cubs general manager Theo Epstein , 2016 Olympic gold-medal gymnast Simone Biles , UFC light heavyweight champion Conor McGregor and Barcelona superstar forward Neymar were also included on the list .
Brady collected his fifth Super Bowl ring in February after helping the Patriots overcome a 25-point deficit in the third quarter to defeat the Atlanta Falcons in overtime of Super Bowl LI .
`` The mic was dropped , '' talk-show host Conan O'Brien wrote of the victory over the Falcons . `` But Tom 's real achievement is that he willed himself to be ( the best ) . ''
James also was instrumental in helping his team rally from a 3-1 series deficit to upend the Golden State Warriors in the NBA Finals .
`` By making good on his pledge to bring a championship to the Cleveland Cavaliers and by investing in the promise of future generations through his foundation , LeBron James has not only bolstered the self-esteem of his native Ohio but also become an inspiration for all Americans -- proof that talent combined with passion , tenacity and decency can reinvent the possible . Poetry in motion , indeed , '' wrote Rita Dove , a Pulitzer Prize-winning author and former U.S. poet laureate .
Kaepernick 's initial refusal to stand for the national anthem as part of his protest for racial injustice led others around the NFL to follow suit .
`` I thank Colin , for all he has contributed to the game of football as an outstanding player and trusted teammate , '' Kaepernick 's former coach Jim Harbaugh wrote . `` I also applaud Colin for the courage he has demonstrated in exercising his guaranteed right of free speech . His willingness to take a position at personal cost is now part of our American story . ''
( Editing by Steve Keating in Toronto . )
The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging , which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC .
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations , in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption .
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour , with no metallic or fluorescent finishes . Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant , with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products .
“ We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis , and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth , ” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement .
“ Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal . ”
READ MORE : Legal marijuana wo n't hit shelves before August
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product , including THC and cannabidiol .
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators . Once approved , the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana , while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply .
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses , as well as input from health and law enforcement experts , governments , patient advocates and industry representatives .
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana .
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres , which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink .
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate , with the federal government hoping to see it passed and given royal assent by early July .
Geordon Omand , The Canadian Press
`` We were lucky , '' France captain Yannick Noah said . `` The Dutch boys were starting to believe in themselves . ''
Adrian Mannarino has the first shot on Sunday at completing France 's comeback , and an 11th successive win against the Dutch .
Australian Open singles finalist Marin Cilic was summoned by Croatia just hours beforehand to combine with Ivan Dodig , but the old partners almost took too long to get energized against Canada . The 45-year-old Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil won the first two sets but could n't hold on and lost 2-6 , 3-6 , 6-4 , 7-5 , 6-2 .
Cilic is playing only doubles , and leaving Borna Coric to try and win the tie on Sunday against Denis Shapovalov in Osijek . Canada has n't won an away tie since 2011 .
Spain led Britain 2-1 in Marbella after Pablo Carreno Busta and Feliciano Lopez dusted off Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4 , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 4 ) .
In the absence of Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray , the first reverse singles on Sunday will be between Albert Ramos Vinolas and Cameron Norrie . But Australian Open semifinalist Kyle Edmund practiced after the doubles and could be available for Britain .
Germany led Australia 2-1 in Brisbane thanks to Tim Puetz and Jan-Lennard Struff prevailing against Matthew Ebden and John Peers 6-4 , 6-7 ( 1 ) , 6-2 , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-4 .
The visitor was also up in Morioka , where Italy led Japan after Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini outlasted Ben Mclachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama 7-5 , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 7-5 .
By Foster Niumata , The Associated Press
Christina El Moussa ‘ s romance with Ant Anstead may be heating up , but their latest date night was on ice .
The couple , who first shared their relationship publicly in January , attended an Anaheim Ducks hockey game with friends on Sunday . Both shared cute snaps from the arena .
“ Date night at the Ducks , ” Anstead , 38 , who stars in the Discovery UK series Wheelers and Dealers , captioned a video in his Instagram Stories .
RELATED : Tarek El Moussa Buys New House ‘ Within Hours ' of Seeing It , Saying It 's for Kids , Taylor and Brayden
Ant Anstead Instagram
In her own Stories , the Flip or Flop host , 34 , shared a snap of her and Anstead 's feet , showing off their matching socks decorated in the team 's vintage Mighty Ducks logo. ” Different seats… same socks , ” she captioned the photo .
A day earlier , El Moussa celebrated St. Patrick 's Day by posting a kissy selfie with the California-based Brit as they walked down a beachfront boardwalk . “ Luckiest . @ Ant_anstead you are # magical , ” she wrote alongside the snap , adding a heart and shamrock emoji .
A source confirmed El Moussa and Anstead 's relationship to PEOPLE in January , a little over a year after the realtor and interior decorator announced her split from husband of seven years and HGTV costar , Tarek El Moussa , 36 , in December 2016 . She previously dated businessman Doug Spedding , but the couple parted ways when he entered rehabilitation for addiction issues in October .
RELATED : Christina El Moussa Has a New Job that Could Make Ex Tarek Her Professional Rival
Christina shared a photo on Instagram on New Year 's Day showing her riding bikes alongside Anstead . “ Congrats to this guy @ ant_anstead His show , # WheelerDealers airs in the UK today ! ” she wrote of the selfie .
Anstead , who is best known in Britain as the host of the Channel 4 series For the Love of Cars , split from his wife , Louise , in July .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County beat 10-man Brentford 3-0 to keep their place in the Championship 's automatic promotion zone .
Sergi Canos was shown a straight red card in the 21st minute of Saturday 's encounter at Pride Park Stadium for a challenge on Marcus Olsson .
Tom Huddlestone and Cameron Jerome then both scored their first goals for the Rams , in quick succession , to put Gary Rowett 's men firmly in charge .
Matej Vydra rounded things off with a late penalty as Derby extended their unbeaten league run to 11 games .
Aston Villa 's 3-2 win over Burton Albion means that the Rams remain just one point clear of third place .
Rowett made three changes from the side that started the goalless draw at Millwall on Tuesday night .
There was a first Derby start for January signing Jerome , while Ikechi Anya and Olsson also got their chance .
Jerome replaced David Nugent up front , Olsson came in for Craig Forsyth at left-back , while Anya took the place of winger Andreas Weimann , whose wife gave birth in the early hours of Saturday morning .
It was Anya 's first league start of the season , having come off the bench against Millwall and Olsson started for only the season time in the Championship since September .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
Deadline day signing Kasey Palmer was named on the bench .
Midfielder Bradley Johnson ( back ) and goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell ( finger ) both missed out once again .
Brentford boss Dean Smith also made three changes following the 1-0 home defeat to Norwich City .
Henrik Dalsgaard , Romaine Sawyers and Canos came in for Nico Yennaris , Josh McEachran and Neal Maupay .
The Bees were without Lasse Vibe , who had scored seven in his past eight league games , with the Danish striker set for a move to China .
Chris Mepham 's headed clearance fell to Vydra in the 12th minute and Derby 's top scorer advanced into the area before seeing his shot deflected wide off visiting skipper Andreas Bjelland .
From the corner , taken by Tom Lawrence , Curtis Davies rose the highest but his header cleared the crossbar .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
At the other end , a couple of minutes later , the ball bounced awkwardly inside the Rams penalty area and Richard Keogh 's header away was pounced on by Florian Jozefzoon - but he blazed over from eight yards out .
Ollie Watkins then dragged a shot wide of the far post following Jozefzoon 's low centre from the right as Brentford began to warm to their task .
But Derby went close to opening the scoring in the 21st minute .
Vydra released Anya into the area , on the left , and his cross for Jerome was deflected goalwards off Mepham . The ball looked to be heading for the top corner before keeper Daniel Bentley acrobatically clawed it away .
Moments later , Canos went in on Olsson inside the centre circle and referee Peter Bankes did not hesitate in showing the Brentford forward a straight red card .
After lengthy treatment , Olsson was able to continue .
There was more drama in the 24th minute . Derby wanted a penalty after Vydra went down in the box under the challenge of Bjelland but their appeals were in vain .
The pressure was building on Brentford - and the Rams took the lead on the half-hour .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
Tom Lawrence 's corner from the right was headed goalwards by Curtis Davies and Bentley could only parry the ball , allowing Huddlestone to stabbed home from close range .
The midfielder had finally broken his Derby duck , in his 125th appearance for the club ( over two spells ) , having made his Rams debut back in 2003 .
Four minutes later , the home side doubled their advantage .
Huddlestone lifted a pass into the box for Lawrence , whose effort was blocked by Bentley but Jerome was on hand to hook the ball into the net from six yards , evading the men on the line .
Just before the break , Derby were caught napping at a corner , taken short , but Romaine Sawyers fired over after combining with Watkins .
In added time at the end of the first half , Derby went close again as George Thorne whipped a shot narrowly wide of the post from 20 yards .
Half-time : Derby County 2-0 Brentford
The Rams probably should have had a third goal 10 minutes into the second half .
Jerome neatly picked out Vydra unmarked just outside the six-yard box but he sliced a shot over the bar with only the keeper to beat .
Scott Carson was called into his first serious action in the 68th minute , tipping Dalsgaard 's deflected effort away at full stretch .
Seconds later , Carson was at it again , diving to his left to push away Mepham 's goalbound glancing header .
Anya had a chance to cap his return to the starting line-up with a goal with 15 minutes to go but sliced his shot way over after being teed up by Keogh 's nod-down .
Derby remained in control but were not having it all their own way - and Keogh needed to make a vital block to deny Dalsgaard from close range following a well-worked Brentford corner .
Lawrence and substitute Sam Winnall both forced Bentley into smart saves in the closing stages .
Palmer came on for the final few minutes in place of Anya , who received a standing ovation from the home fans as he left the field .
Derby sealed the win soon after that , after Winnall was brought down in the area by Bjelland .
Vydra made no mistake from the penalty spot , blasting past Bentley to claim his 17th goal of the season in all competitions .
DERBY COUNTY : Carson , Wisdom , Keogh , Davies , Olsson , Huddlestone , Thorne ( Ledley , 79 ) , Lawrence , Vydra , Anya ( Palmer , 90 ) , Jerome ( Winnall , 63 ) . Other subs : Roos ( gk ) , Baird , Forsyth , Nugent .
BRENTFORD : Bentley , Dalsgaard , Mepham , Bjelland , Barbet , Woods ( Yennaris , 62 ) , Mokotjo ( Judge , 75 ) , Sawyers , Jozefzoon ( Marcondes , 62 ) , Watkins , Canos . Other subs : Daniels ( gk ) , Egan , Maupay , McEachran .
REFEREE : P Bankes ( Merseyside ) .
ATTENDANCE : 25,938 ( 826 away fans ) .
Britain 's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON , June 15 Europe 's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5 .
× Microsoft passes Google in market value . Next up ? Amazon
( CNN Money ) — Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella can brag to Bill Gates that the company 's stock price has never been higher during Microsoft 's 32-year history as a public company than it is now .
And Microsoft 's market value just passed rival Google 's too .
Shares of Microsoft rose nearly 1 % Wednesday and are now up more than 15 % this year . The company is worth $ 760 billion , more than Google owner Alphabet 's market cap of $ 745 billion .
Microsoft now trails fellow Washington state native Amazon by about $ 30 billion for second place in the market value race .
Apple , the world 's most valuable company , is worth about $ 920 billion . Apple lost some ground Wednesday though . It was one of only two stocks in the Dow that were lower Wednesday afternoon . GE was the other .
But times have never been better for Microsoft , because of Nadella 's strategy to focus the company more on cloud computing after former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer stepped down in 2014 .
Business is booming for the Office 365 software suite and the Azure hosting business . Microsoft 's sales and profits are expected to grow at a rate of more than 10 % for the next few years , impressive for a company of Microsoft 's size .
In addition to the push to cloud versions for Office and other popular Microsoft business software , Nadella also has made a big investment in social media with the $ 26 billion deal for LinkedIn in 2016 .
These are some of the reasons why Wall Street has fallen in love with Microsoft again .
In fact , analysts at both Morgan Stanley and Evercore ISI said in recent months that they think Microsoft 's market value may soon top $ 1 trillion . That 's more than 30 % higher than the company 's current market cap .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
A version of this article originally appeared on EW.com .
Salem 's resident bad girl is back .
Longtime Days of Our Lives actress Alison Sweeney is returning as Sami Brady for two months of production on the soap opera , EW has confirmed .
“ From my end , it takes a little bit of logistics with projects I 'm working on , ” she told Soap Opera Digest , which was first to report the news . “ And unfortunately , this year 's been hard for me because of my knee injury , so I had to push some stuff back . So , I figured out a schedule , blocked out some time that I had available , and we figured it out ! ”
FROM COINAGE : The True Cost of Famous TV Apartments
First appearing in the role in 1993 , Sweeney was a regular on the soap for 21 years , stepping away in 2014 . The Daytime Emmy Award-winner made a short return in 2015 for the show 's 50th anniversary .
Sweeney has more recently appeared in Hallmark 's Murder , She Baked TV movies and served an 8-year stint as the host of NBC 's The Biggest Loser .
Days of Our Lives airs weekdays on NBC .
BERN The Swiss National Bank has all the tools it needs to conduct policy , Chairman Thomas Jordan said on Friday , dismissing a campaign that would make the SNB alone responsible for creating the country 's money .
`` We are convinced we have all the instruments we need to implement our monetary policy . We do n't need the sovereign money initiative . What we have functions quite well . We do n't want to experiment where we do n't know what the final outcome would be , '' he told the SNB 's annual shareholder meeting in response to a question .
A Swiss group pushing the initiative has collected enough signatures necessary to put the matter to a popular vote . The group says the current fractional reserve system - where banks `` create '' money each time they issue loans - is unstable because it is secured by reserves representing just a fraction of the currency actually created by the SNB .
( Reporting by John Revill ; Editing by Michael Shields )
FRANKFURT A Bavarian start-up is developing a five-seat `` flying taxi '' after successful test flights over Germany of a smaller version of the electric jet , the company said on Thursday .
Munich-based Lilium , backed by investors who include Skype co-founder Niklas Zennstrom , said the planned five-seater jet , which will be capable of vertical take-off and landing , could be used for urban air taxi and ride-sharing services .
In flight tests , a two-seat prototype executed manoeuvres that included a mid-air transition from hover mode - like a drone - to wing-borne flight - like a conventional aircraft , Lilium said .
Potential competitors to Lilium Jet include much bigger players such as Airbus , the maker of commercial airliners and helicopters that aims to test a prototype self-piloted , single-seat `` flying car '' later in 2017 .
Slovakian firm AeroMobil said at a car show in Monaco on Thursday it would start taking pre-orders for a hybrid flying car that can drive on roads . It said it planned production from 2020 .
But makers of `` flying cars '' still face hurdles , including convincing regulators and the public that their products can be used safely . Governments are still grappling with regulations for drones and driverless cars .
Lilium said its jet , with a range of 300 km ( 190 miles ) and cruising speed of 300 km per hour , is the only electric aircraft capable of both vertical take-off and jet-powered flight .
`` We have solved some of the toughest engineering challenges in aviation to get to this point , '' Lilium Co-founder and Chief Executive Daniel Wiegand said in a statement .
The jet , whose power consumption per km is comparable to an electric car , could offer passenger flights at prices comparable to normal taxis but with speeds five times faster , Lilium said .
Lilium , founded in 2014 by four graduates from the Technical University of Munich , is unusual on the German start-up scene , which is dominated by ecommerce firms largely based in Berlin and self-financed , engineering firms dotted around the country .
It raised $ 11.4 million ( 10.6 million euros ) in 2016 from Zennstrom-led venture firm Atomico Partners and e42 , the investment arm of entrepreneur Frank Thelen , a juror on the German of investment reality TV show `` Lion 's Den '' .
Other potential rivals include crowd-funded eVolo , a firm based near Mannheim that has said it expects to receive special regulatory approval for its two-seat `` multicopter '' with 18 rotors to be used as flying taxis in pilot projects by 2018 .
Terrafugia , based outside the U.S. city of Boston and founded a decade ago by MIT graduates , aims to build a mass-market flying car , while U.S.-Israeli firm Joby Aviation has said it is working on a four-seater drone .
Google , Tesla and Uber [ UBER.UL ] have also reportedly shown interest in the new technology .
( 1 euro = $ 1.0757 )
( Additional reporting by Victoria Bryan ; Editing by Edmund Blair )
DUBAI , Aug 13 ( Reuters ) - Stock markets in the Gulf that are most exposed to foreign funds were the chief losers in early trade on Sunday , taking their cue from global bourses , where the mood was soured last week by growing tensions between the United States and North Korea .
The Dubai index was down 0.5 percent as most shares fell , including commodities shipper Gulf Navigation , which was down 3.0 percent despite reporting a rise in second-quarter profit .
Shuaa Capital rose 0.8 percent , however , after it swung to a second-quarter net profit of 12.1 million dirhams ( $ 3.3 million ) from a loss of 50.8 million dirhams a year ago .
The investment firm said provisions for the period fell to 11 million dirhams from 57 million dirhams and that the regional expansion of its real estate and brokerage units are its `` high priority '' in the near term .
In Abu Dhabi , the index was down 0.5 percent , weighed down by declines in blue-chip banks ; Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank fell 2.2 percent .
Qatar 's index edged down 0.2 percent in very thin trade as 11 of the 20 most valuable companies declined . Qatar Investors Group was the worst performer , down 1.5 percent .
The Riyadh index was flat after 40 minutes of trade as 82 shares rose and 61 declined . Telecommunications firm Mobily was down 0.6 percent and its competitor Zain Saudi inched down 0.1 percent .
Local media reported that the telecommunications regulator and the Ministry of Commerce had closed one retail outlet from each company , and one of Saudi Telecom 's outlets , because of issues related to compliance with rules on hiring sufficient numbers of Saudi citizens .
`` Although closing these three branches will have a minor impact on sales , we believe it reflects CITC 's ( the regulator ) commitment to improve the telecom industry in Saudi , '' said a research note by NCB Capital . ( Reporting by Celine Aswad ; Editing by Andrew Torchia and Alison Williams )
DENVER ( Reuters ) - Pop star Taylor Swift on Friday won an important ruling in the trial stemming from her allegation that she was groped by a Colorado disc jockey , with the judge dismissing the DJ 's rival claim accusing the singer of wrongfully getting him fired .
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left intact Swift 's assault and battery countersuit against David Mueller , who asserts he was falsely accused by the recording star and ousted from his $ 150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM under pressure from her .
The Grammy-winning artist known for such hits as `` Fearless '' and `` I Knew Your Were Trouble '' reacted to the decision with tears of joy , embracing members of her legal team and family members with bear hugs in the courtroom .
Mueller sat alone at the plaintiff 's table , appearing somber as he sipped a glass of water .
Friday 's decision capped the fifth day of a trial highlighted by vivid testimony from Swift charging that Mueller clutched her bare buttocks during a pre-concert fan reception in 2013 against Mueller 's assertion under oath that he did no such thing .
The judge had tossed out Mueller 's defamation-of-character claim against Swift before the trial , ruling that the former Denver DJ had waited too long to file suit under the statute of limitations .
Earlier on Friday , Swift 's former bodyguard corroborated her account of being groped by Mueller , testifying that he saw the radio personality slip his hand under the singer 's skirt as they posed together for a photo with Mueller 's then-girlfriend .
Lawyers for both sides rested their respective cases after the ex-girlfriend , Shannon Melcher , took the stand as the final witness to deny seeing Mueller inappropriately touch Swift during the picture-taking session . But she added , `` I do n't have eyes in the back of my head . ''
After jurors were excused for the day , Swift 's lawyer , J. Douglas Baldridge , asked the judge to throw out Mueller 's two remaining legal claims in the trial - disruption of his $ 150,000-a-year employment contract and interference with his future earnings .
Swift has said her representatives lodged a complaint with KYGO management about the alleged groping but insisted she never demanded Mueller be fired .
Although Martinez agreed to dismiss both claims as they related to Swift , he kept the contract claim intact for Swift 's two co-defendants - her mother , Andrea , and her radio station liaison Frank Bell .
A sketch of Taylor Swift and her attorneys in Denver Federal Court during the Swift groping trial in Denver U.S. August 8 , 2017 . Jeff Kandyba NO RESALES . NO ARCHIVE . TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
The eight-member jury also will be left to decide whether Mueller is liable for assault and battery , for which Swift is seeking a symbolic $ 1 in damages .
Swift , known for baring her soul and her grudges in her music , by all accounts was the undisputed star witness of her own trial , giving an unflinching account of the incident in question on Thursday .
In unvarnished language that occasionally drew titters in the courtroom , even from some jurors , Swift testified that she was the victim of a `` devious and sneaky act . ''
Slideshow ( 4 Images )
`` Your client grabbed my ass , '' she told Mueller 's lawyer , Gabriel McFarland . `` He stayed latched onto my bare ass cheek . I felt him grab onto my ass cheek under my skirt . ''
Greg Dent , Swift 's bodyguard and a former police officer who said he has provided security for many other celebrities , bolstered her narrative when he took the stand on Friday .
`` I saw his hand under her skirt . ... Her skirt went up . ... She jumped , '' Dent testified , adding that Swift then moved closer to Mueller 's girlfriend , who was standing on Swift 's other side .
`` I was definitely sure that he had been drinking , '' Dent said of Mueller . `` I do n't know what level . He was n't staggering or falling down . ''
The photo , repeatedly displayed in court , shows Swift flanked by Mueller and Melcher , all three smiling for the camera . Mueller has his right hand concealed behind Swift 's backside , and she appears to have shifted her hip away from him .
Dent said he did not immediately intervene because he took his cues from Swift , who continued with the meet-and-greet session . When she finished meeting her fans , Dent said , Swift told her staff about the groping .
Following Dent to the stand was Mueller 's longtime friend and former co-host at KYGO-FM , Ryan Kliesch . He repeatedly answered `` no '' when asked by McFarland if he had ever seen Mueller disrespect , demean , condescend or act inappropriately toward women .
The jury was due to return on Monday for closing arguments in the case .
0 Latest Austin explosions has experts tweaking bomber profile
AUSTIN , Texas - Law enforcement and others seeking clues into the mind of what now appears to be a serial bomber say the latest explosive incident on Sunday night , the city 's fourth over 17 days , provided more trail crumbs than definitive signposts pointing toward a potential suspect .
> > Read more trending news
Austin interim Police Chief Brian Manley has said preliminary indications are that the newest bomb is similar enough in construction to be connected to the previous three . That does n't necessarily mean all were manufactured and planted by the same person .
But if that does turn out to be the case , experts said , the latest attack would slightly alter their profile of the serial bomber 's methods and motive .
Police on Monday said it appears as though a trip wire was used to trigger the latest blast in Southwest Austin , revealing two new important pieces of information about the bomber .
> > Related : Austin bombings : What we know about the bomber 's habits
The first is that the new form of detonation indicates the person making the explosive has a higher level of skill or sophistication , said Fred Milanowski , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ' special agent in charge of the Houston field division .
The earlier bombs , which were hidden in packages , appear to have been detonated by movement devices , which would complete a circuit when the package was lifted or tilted , experts said . The latest incident means that investigators now must contemplate a bomber capable of using multiple methods to start an explosion , perhaps even by timer or remote control .
> > Related : Unabomber : TV shows , movies and books about Ted Kaczynski
A trip wire , which typically works by stringing a taut string across a pathway , detonates a bomb when a person pushes into it . Stringing a wire across or near a route used by multiple people could introduce a new element of randomness to the attacks , said James R. Fitzgerald , a former FBI profiler who worked on the Unabomber case .
Employing a detonating device that does n't target any particular person would indicate a dangerous capriciousness and callousness , he said — the bomber “ wants to strike out at some perceived wrong , and anyone .
> > Related : ‘ Serial bomber ' suspected in Austin explosions , police say : live updates
By mixing his targets — from specific people who receive a package on their porch to anyone who stumbles by — the bomber could be trying to spread general fear and unease throughout the city , Fitzgerald said .
Or he might be purposefully trying to distract from his real intention .
> > Related : BACKGROUND : Bombs in Austin attacks constructed from readily available materials
That was the case when , in December 1989 , an Atlanta attorney named Robert Robertson was killed when he opened a brown package he received at home . Investigators at first thought his death was connected to a virtually identical fatal bomb detonated at the house of federal Judge Robert Vance two days earlier . But they later learned Walter Moody had killed Robertson as misdirection .
Read more here .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
A Boeing 737 MAX plane is seen during a media tour of the Boeing 737 MAX at the Boeing plant in Renton , Washington December 7 , 2015 . Picture taken December 7 , 2015 . REUTERS/Matt Mills McKnight
WASHINGTON A measure of U.S. manufacturing activity retreated from a 2-1/2-year high in March amid a decline in production and an inventory drawdown , but a surge in factory jobs indicated that the sector 's energy-led recovery was gaining momentum .
Other data on Monday showed construction spending rising to a near 11-year high in February , lifted by a jump in home building investment . The reports pointed to strong fundamentals despite signs of weak economic growth in the first quarter .
`` The U.S. economic expansion remains on solid footing even taking into a account what is likely to be a pretty lackluster first-quarter growth profile , '' said Tom Porcelli , chief U.S .
economist at RBC Markets in New York .
The Institute for Supply Management ( ISM ) said its index of national factory activity fell to a reading of 57.2 last month from 57.7 in February , which was the highest since August 2014 .
A reading above 50 indicates an expansion in manufacturing , which accounts for about 12 percent of the U.S. economy .
Seventeen of the 18 manufacturing industries reported growth and no industry reported a contraction . Comments from factories were mostly upbeat , with machinery manufacturers saying that business was up 10 percent to 15 percent .
Transport equipment manufacturers , however , described the industry 's outlook as `` relatively flat . '' The manufacturing recovery is being driven by the energy sector as steady increases in crude oil prices boost drilling activity .
A report from energy services firm Baker Hughes on Friday showed U.S. drillers added 137 rigs in the first quarter , the most since the second quarter of 2011 . That has fueled demand for machinery , resulting in business spending on equipment rising in the fourth quarter for the first time in a year .
Manufacturing is also benefiting from a surge in business sentiment following President Donald Trump 's pledge to pursue business-friendly policies , including cutting corporate taxes and deregulation .
But after last month 's failed attempt by Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives to repeal the Obama administration 's 2010 healthcare law , economists warn that Trump might struggle to implement his agenda .
The dollar rose to a two-week high against a basket of currencies , while U.S. stocks fell after New York and other states challenged the Trump administration on grounds of illegally blocking energy efficiency standards . U.S. Treasuries rose .
HIRING PROSPECTS BRIGHTEN
Last month , the ISM survey 's production sub-index decreased 5.3 percentage points to 57.6 . A gauge of manufacturing inventories contracted . While that weighed on the ISM index , it bodes well for future manufacturing activity .
Though a measure of new orders fell last month , it remained near a more than three-year high . A gauge of factory employment jumped to its highest reading since June 2011 . That would suggest another strong month of factory job gains in March .
But sentiment indicators such as the ISM have been painting a more robust picture than the so-called hard data , which has suggested that the economy grew around a 1 percent annualized rate in the first quarter . Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter .
`` If manufacturers hire as many workers as the survey says they are planning to do , the nonfarm payroll jobs number on Friday could be a blowout , '' said Chris Rupkey , chief economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York .
Manufacturers reported paying more for raw materials , further evidence that inflation pressures are building up . A report on Friday showed a key consumer inflation measure in February recorded its biggest annual gain in nearly five years .
The ISM 's prices index rose 2.5 percentage points in February to 70.5 , the highest reading since May 2011 , indicating higher raw materials prices for the 13th straight month .
A separate report from the Commerce Department on Monday showed construction spending increased 0.8 percent to $ 1.19 trillion in February , the highest level since April 2006 , after dropping 0.4 percent in January .
Construction spending was boosted by outlays on private residential construction , which surged 1.8 percent to the highest level since July 2007 . Spending on private nonresidential structures fell 0.3 percent .
`` The trend in nonresidential construction spending has softened lately , '' said Daniel Silver , an economist at JPMorgan in New York . `` Despite this weakening in the data , we still look for a strong increase in overall private nonresidential investment in the first quarter because of large gains in separate data related to activity in the energy sector . ''
( Reporting by Lucia Mutikani ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
YPSILANTI , Mich. — Elijah Minnie scored 16 of his 22 points in a close first half and Eastern Michigan used a big run in the second half to roll to a 58-41 win over Ball State on Saturday .
Minnie 's layup gave the Eagles ( 13-10 , 4-6 Mid-American ) a 27-26 halftime lead . James Thompson IV scored the first five points on a 15-0 run and Minnie had six points , making it 56-36 with just over five minutes remaining . Ball State missed six shots and had three turnovers in a drought that last almost seven minutes .
Thompson and Tim Bond both had nine of their 11 points in the second half with Thompson also grabbing 14 rebounds . Bond had seven rebounds , four blocks , three steals and three assists .
Eastern Michigan shot 53 per cent and held Ball State to 27 per cent , blocking 13 shots .
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company , please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek @ haymarket.com or +44 ( 0 ) 208 267 4629 . Or visit our subscribe page .
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
May 2 China Kangda Food Co Ltd :
* Deal with group A vendors for a total consideration of HK $ 331.3 million
* Vendors and offeror entered into share purchase agreement on 21 April 2017
* Group A vendors have conditionally agreed to sell , and offeror has conditionally agreed to purchase group A sale shares
* Application has been made by co for resumption of trading in shares with effect from 9:00 a.m. On 2 May 2017
* Zensho Holdings ( group b vendor ) has agreed to sell , and offeror has agreed to purchase 52.3 million shares for HK $ 70.1 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
In order to better understand the impact of warming waters on Antarctic ice , researchers drilled a 300-meter-deep hole into the Ross Ice shelf . While what they might find might be alarming , at least they delivered this video of a calming dive into what can only be described as blissful oblivion .
April 20 AAK AB ( Publ )
* Q1 organic volume growth of 5 percent ( 0 )
* Q1 operating profit reached SEK 431 million ( 381 ) , an improvement of 13 percent
* Reuters poll : AAK Q1 operating profit was seen at SEK 417 million
* Says based on AAK 's customer value propositions for health and reduced costs , and our customer product co-development and solutions approach , we continue to remain prudently optimistic about future
* Says main drivers are continued positive underlying development in food ingredients and continued improvement in chocolate & confectionery fats
* Says there has been a slight decrease in raw material prices during Q1 which will have a positive impact during second half of year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Stockholm Newsroom )
The Lady Bulldogs defeat the Lady Falcons in 4 sets
Published 4:18 PM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines ( UPDATED ) – The National University ( NU ) Lady Bulldogs bested the Adamson Lady Falcons in 4 sets , 25-15 , 25-23 , 16-25 , 25-13 , on Saturday , February 3 , at the Mall of Asia Arena .
Jaja Santiago led the Lady Bulldogs with 11 spikes , 4 blocks and one service ace that tallied to a total of 16 points . Risa Sato and Joni Chavez made 9 excellent digs apiece .
Chiara Permentilla and Mylene Paat both scored double digits of 12 and 11 points , respectively to lead the Adamson Lady Falcons .
After Adamson prevented the Lady Bulldogs from sweeping the match , NU managed to stretch the lead to 10 points , 19-9 . The Lady Bulldogs maintained the double digit lead and back-to-back blocks surrendered the game to NU .
The Adamson Lady Falcons took the lead early in the first set until NU countered with 5 straight points . Team Captain Santiago made the first service ace of the season as NU went up by 7 points , 21-14 . Urdas followed with another ace at set point to take the 1-0 lead for NU , 25-15 .
The Lady Bulldogs limited Adamson to 3 points at the first technical timeout in the second set , 8-3 . Adamson managed to cut the deficit to 1 after Joy Dacoron 's service ace , 10-9 . Mylene Paat turned the tables for Adamson as she scored two straight points to nab the lead , 14-12 .
Risa Sato made back-to-back aces to tie the score at 22-all . Santiago brought NU back to the set point once again and Roselyn Doria 's block denied Adamson from taking the second set .
The Lady Falcons rallied back in the 3rd set and stretched the lead to 16-9 . Tonnie Ponce made a crucial shot from the backrow and NU failed to receive her attack which saw Adamson lead by 10 . Permentilla finally denied NU of taking the game in straight sets as her attack ended the 3rd set at 25-16 .
The Scores :
NU ( 91 ) – Santiago 16 , Paran 9 , Urdas 9 , Sato 8 , Doria 8 , Nabor 5 , Singh 1 .
AdU ( 76 ) – Permentilla 12 , Paat 11 , Dacoron 9 , Soyud 7 , Galanza 6 , Emnas 4 , Perez 2 , Ponce 1 .
Set Scores : 25-15 , 25-23 , 16-25 , 25-13 .
– Rappler.com
PHOENIX ( AP ) — President Donald Trump says he may grant a pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio following his recent conviction in federal court , prompting outrage among critics who say the move would amount to an endorsement of racism .
Trump told Fox News during an interview Sunday that he was seriously considering issuing a pardon within the next few days . That was welcome news for the former Phoenix-area sheriff , who lost a re-election bid in November and who was convicted of misdemeanor contempt of court on July 31 .
But it angered immigrant rights activists and others who say it amounts to support for racism on the same day that Trump disavowed white nationalists whose rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , turned violent this weekend , leaving one woman dead .
A federal judge ruled in 2013 that Arpaio 's officers racially profiled Latinos . But the sheriff refused to stop his immigration patrols , eventually leading to the criminal contempt of court case that he 's embroiled in . It also contributed to his failed re-election bid last year .
Arpaio said Monday that he learned of the president 's comments in the morning and was glad he stood by him .
“ I did n't ask for it , but if he 's going to offer , I will accept , because I 'm not guilty . So appreciate his interest in my matter here in Phoenix , ” Arpaio said .
Attorneys for the ex-sheriff filed two motions late Monday afternoon in U.S. District Court in Phoenix for a judgment of acquittal and to vacate the verdict for a new trial . The motions are not appeals .
“ We 're filing these motions because there was absolutely no evidence in support of the judge 's verdict , the verdict was contrary to the evidence provided in court , and the verdict is a gross miscarriage of justice , ” said Mark Goldman , a lawyer for Arpaio .
Trump on Sunday told Fox that Arpaio is “ a great American patriot ” and said he hates to see what has happened to him , according to the news report . He cited his long service in law enforcement and said many Arizona citizens respected his approach to crime .
The two have been allies for the past couple of years . Arpaio campaigned for Trump at rallies in Iowa , Nevada and Arizona , and he gave a speech at the Republican National Convention in which he said Trump would prevent immigrants from coming into the country illegally . Trump has also invoked the former sheriff in his calls for tougher immigration enforcement and has used advocated for tactics that made Arpaio a national figure .
“ I 've been with him from day one , ” Arpaio said .
On Monday , the president condemned hate groups and said racism is evil in a statement that was much more forceful than he 'd made earlier after the weekend clashes in Virginia that left one woman dead after a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who opposed a rally by white nationalists . The white nationalists were protesting a plan to remove a statute of Confederate Gen Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville park .
“ Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America , ” he said .
Cecillia Wang , deputy legal director for the ACLU , criticized the idea that Trump could pardon Arpaio , saying the former sheriff had violated court orders that prohibited illegal detention of Latinos .
“ Make no mistake : This would be an official presidential endorsement of racism , ” Wang said .
Thomas A. Saenz , president and general counsel of MALDEF , or the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , said in statement that Trump 's comments to Fox were hypocritical and demonstrate “ how inextricably conflicted he is about condemning racism and the targeting of racial minorities ”
“ That the White House chose to praise such unconstitutional , discriminatory behavior in defiance of a federal judge on the same day that it refused to condemn the actions of white supremacists in Charlottesville compound the damage of Trump 's appalling moral relativism , ” Saenz said . “ In politics , there is hypocrisy on many sides , but the White House 's praise of Arpaio as it tries to extricate itself from equivocal statements about the clear domestic hate-based terrorism in Charlottesville will forever stand out as record-breaking , political disingenuousness . ”
April 12 U.S. media group Meredith Corp has made a preliminary acquisition offer to Time Inc that fell short of the price expectations of the publisher of Sports Illustrated and Fortune magazines , according to people familiar with the matter .
The significant gap in valuation expectations could represent a setback to Time Inc 's efforts to sell itself . It comes after an investor group led by former music executive Edgar Bronfman Jr abandoned its pursuit of Time Inc in March , following a $ 1.8 billion offer it made late last year .
While Time Inc is looking to sell itself for more than $ 20 per share , Meredith has so far made a preliminary offer with a price range that values it below that , the people said this week . The exact price range that Meredith has offered could not be learned .
The sources cautioned that Time Inc is still willing to engage with Meredith in price negotiations , which have yet to kick off in earnest . Time Inc has also been pursuing offers from other parties in what is sees as a competitive sale process , according to the sources .
An investment group led by private equity firm Pamplona Capital Management LP remains interested in Time Inc , but it also considers it unlikely that it can meet its price expectations , according to the sources .
The sources asked not to be identified because the sale process is confidential . Time , Meredith and Pamplona declined to comment .
An acquisition of Time Inc would give Meredith the scale required to spin off its broadcasting arm into a standalone company . Many of Meredith 's competitors , from Tronc Inc to Tribune Media Co , have shed their publishing operations following a drop in print advertising revenue .
Time Inc has been weighing a sale of the company for the past several months , amid a decline in earnings .
For the fourth quarter , the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly profit and revenue . Print ad revenue , which accounts for more than two-thirds of its total ad sales , fell 10.2 percent in the three months to Dec. 31 , from a year earlier .
This would not be the first time that Meredith has come close to buying Time Inc . In 2013 Meredith and Time Inc 's owner at the time , Time Warner , were in talks about a deal for Time Inc but the discussions ended unsuccessfully . Time Warner then spun off Time Inc as a stand-alone company in 2014 .
Time Inc has since made attempts to expand beyond its print roots by going on a shopping spree for digital media firms . It acquired Viant Technology , a New York-based marketing firm that owns Myspace , an early social media company .
Time Inc replaced its chief executive last year after activist hedge fund Jana Partners LLC unveiled a stake in the company . The deadline for any activist shareholder to put forward nominees to challenge the company 's board director picks is April 21 .
Meredith tried to buy Richmond , Virginia-based broadcaster Media General for $ 2.34 billion in 2015 , but Nexstar Broadcasting Inc swooped in with a higher bid , acquiring Media General for $ 4.6 billion . ( Reporting by Lauren Hirsch and Jessica Toonkel in New York ; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
THE THINKING FACE EMOJI WAS MADE FOR THIS So , Uh , Who Thought It Was A Good Idea To Have A 12-Year-Old Interview Roy Moore ?
That 's a rhetorical question : It was pro-Trump group America First Project that decided that this was a good way to promote Moore 's candidacy and * definitely not * remind people about all the allegations against him .
ROCHESTER , Mich. — Tai Odiase had 19 points , on 8-for-8 shooting , and three blocks , Godwin Boahen hit four 3-pointers and finished with 16 points and Illinois-Chicago beat Oakland 79-73 on Friday night for its fifth win in a row .
Marcus Ottey added 15 points and Tarkus Ferguson had 13 points , nine rebounds and seven assists for UIC ( 13-11 , 8-3 Horizon League ) . The Flames have eight conference wins for the first time since finishing the 2007-08 season 9-9 in Horizon League play .
Odiase had a dunk and two layups during a 6-2 spurt that made it 17-14 and UIC led the rest of the way . Ferguson converted a 3-point play to spark a 10-2 run that pushed the lead to 11 points before Boahen 's 3-pointer made it 40-30 at the break . Nick Daniels hit a 3 that pulled Oakland ( 14-10 , 6-5 ) within two points with two minutes to play , but Ottey made two free throws and Odiase hit a jumper to make it 76-69 and UIC made 4 of 6 free throws in the final 32 seconds to seal it .
Martez Walker had 21 points and Jalen Hayes scored 15 for Oakland . Kendrick Nunn added 20 , but shot 3 of 22 from the field , including 1 of 10 from 3-point range .
( Reuters Health ) - - Deaths among children and adolescents became less common between 1990 and 2015 , but not all countries benefited equally from the improvements , according to a new analysis .
Countries with low social and economic statuses shoulder a much larger child and adolescent mortality burden compared to countries with better income , education and fertility levels , researchers found .
`` The relative difference between the best and the worst is growing , '' said Dr. Nicholas Kassebaum , of the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington in Seattle .
Kassebaum and dozens of other researchers in the Global Burden of Disease Child and Adolescent Health Collaboration analyzed data from 195 countries on children and adolescents up through age 19 .
The number of deaths in that age group fell from about 14.2 million in 1990 to about 7.2 million in 2015 , the researchers write in JAMA Pediatrics .
Countries at all social and economic levels experienced a decline in child and adolescent death rates from 1990 to 2015 . But the proportion of those deaths that happened in countries at the lower end of the spectrum grew over time .
Specifically , countries with the lowest social and economic statuses accounted for almost 75 percent of all deaths among children and adolescents in 2015 , compared to 61 percent in 1990 .
The most common causes of death included complications after premature birth , lower respiratory tract infections and swelling of the brain .
The study ca n't say why countries with lower social and economic statuses did n't benefit as much over the years , but Kassebaum suggested some reasons .
For example , he said , countries made great strides over the years reducing infections and improving neonatal outcomes , but some countries have not been able to make those and other public health interventions universal .
Also , public health advances in wealthier countries may not reach countries at the other end of the spectrum .
`` Those advances have n't been passed on to middle-income countries and certainly not to low-income countries , '' said Kassebaum .
Christopher Sudfeld and Wafaie Fawzi of the Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health in Boston point out in an accompanying editorial that global deaths among children younger than age five were cut in half between 1990 to 2015 but the world is lagging in reducing the number of stillbirths and deaths among newborns .
`` Additional financial and intellectual investments in adolescent health are also necessary to promote health behaviors and reduce risks that can have lifelong implications for adolescents , their families , and their communities , '' they write .
SOURCE : bit.ly/2oBFFml and bit.ly/2oBKw6T JAMA Pediatrics , online April 3 , 2017 .
Monday , April 23 , 2018
THIS WASHINGTON
► In today 's Seattle Times — State lawmakers violated state constitution when rewriting police deadly force laws , judge says — The judge said state lawmakers acted improperly when they passed an amendment to Initiative 940 before approving the initiative itself . She ordered that the initiative be put on the November election ballot . While attorneys for the Legislature immediately appealed the decision , Friday 's ruling was yet another snag in the long-running push to make it easier to prosecute police for a wrongful shooting .
► In the Peninsula Daily News — Judge halts pay or appear : New state law to impact finances in Clallam , Jefferson counties — District Court Judge Rick Porter has eliminated his pay-or-appear program in the wake of a new state law that will cramp finances in Clallam and Jefferson counties .
► In the Walla Walla U-B — Food issues run deep at Washington State Penitentiary — According to retired officials , former inmates and outside researchers , structural and managerial changes at the Department of Corrections led to a gradual but significant decline in the quality and , some argue , the nutrition of food served to inmates , all in the absence of ample evidence that these changes save taxpayers money .
ELECTIONS
► From Politico — The one woman in Republican leadership is under siege — The lone female member of House Republican leadership is under siege in D.C. and back home in Washington state . In Congress , several fellow GOP members are pining for her job , questioning her effectiveness as chairwoman of the conference and weighing whether to challenge her . At the same time , McMorris Rodgers has suddenly found herself at risk of losing her seat altogether — a Republican in a blue-trending state with a Democratic wave potentially on its way .
LOCAL
► From the AFL-CIO — Macy 's workers unite across the country — Macy 's workers and their supporters held three rallies last Thursday , one as far away as Seattle , as UFCW locals 400 and 21 gear up to negotiate their next union contracts with the company . Workers want “ better pay , better hours , better schedules , better everything , ” UFCW 400 member Bianca Morris said .
► From The Stranger — UW will delay closing psychiatric unit , open new beds at Northwest Hospital — Nurses in the UWMC unit learned earlier this month that UWMC was considering closing part or all of their unit due to financial losses and necessary expensive upgrades . The closure would have resulted in fewer mental health care beds in a state already facing a shortage .
► In today 's Bellingham Herald — Here 's good news for Whatcom 's rebounding construction industry — Western Washington University and Whatcom Community College have begun work on new buildings as well as renovation projects that will keep construction workers busy this summer . This is good news for an industry rebounding from the recession .
► In the ( Everett ) Herald — A strong economy + growth = a shortage of school bus drivers — Even in hard times , many school districts go looking for bus drivers . It can become that much harder when the economy is humming .
► In the ( Longview ) Daily News — Local grain terminals could feel sting of Chinese tariffs — Revenues at the ports in Longview and Kalama are closely tied to grain , and the ports would undoubtedly feel the sting of steep Chinese tariffs on U.S. grain exports .
► From PR Newswire — Laid-off pulp and paper workers , with the community , team up to picket WestRock — Community members , pulp and paper workers , and economic-justice advocates in Newwberg , Ore. , will hold a picket April 24 to demand that WestRock , owners of the Newberg paper mill , make the idled property available for sale to buyers who would restart the mill .
► In the Seattle Times — 8-term Washington congressman Al Swift dies at 82 — Al Swift , a broadcaster turned eight-term Democratic congressman from Washington who played key roles in modernizing Pacific Northwest hydroelectric energy regulation to preserve salmon habitat and establishing the so-called “ motor-voter ” law to increase voter registration , died Friday in Alexandria , Virginia , family members said .
THAT WASHINGTON
► From Vox — Wells Fargo just got fined $ 1 billion . Republicans cut its taxes by $ 3.7 billion . — The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , the US government 's top consumer watchdog , hit Wells Fargo with a $ 1 billion fine on Friday for improperly charging thousands of customers for auto insurance they did n't need — it 's the agency 's second-largest fine in its history , and its first enforcement action since Mick Mulvaney took over as acting director in November .
ALSO at The Stand — Wells Fargo greed is killing American jobs ; rally April 24
► In today 's Washington Post — Wisconsin is the GOP model for ‘ welfare reform . ' But as work rules grow , so does this family 's distress . — Statistics show that the state has cut spending on food stamps by 28 percent since enacting stricter work requirements . But those hopeful numbers belie the continuing struggles of low-income families trying to meet increasing standards for public assistance .
NATIONAL
► MUST-READ in today 's NY Times — Public servants are losing their foothold in the middle class — For generations of Americans , working for a state or local government — as a teacher , firefighter , bus driver or nurse — provided a comfortable nook in the middle class . No less than automobile assembly lines and steel plants , the public sector ensured that even workers without a college education could afford a home , a minivan , movie nights and a family vacation . In recent years , though , the ranks of state and local employees have languished even as the populations they serve have grown . They now account for the smallest share of the American civilian work force since 1967 . The 19.5 million workers who remain are finding themselves financially downgraded . Teachers who have been protesting low wages and sparse resources in Oklahoma , West Virginia and Kentucky — and those in Arizona who say they plan to walk out on Thursday — are just one thread in that larger skein .
EDITOR 'S NOTE — Meanwhile , the U.S. Supreme Court has teed up a specious case intended to weaken the ability of public employees to stand together and negotiate fair wages and working conditions .
► In the NY Times — How the loss of union power has hurt American manufacturing ( by Louis Uchitelle ) — Want to make America great again and keep factories in the United States ? Try strengthening labor unions . That may seem counterintuitive , and certainly contrary to the direction the country has been moving in lately . But the reality is that when organized labor dug in its heels — as it did regularly in the United States until late in the 20th century — manufacturing companies thought twice about shutting a factory and transferring production to another country .
► From The Hill — Sean Hannity linked to shell companies that spent $ 90M on property — Fox News host Sean Hannity is linked to a group of shell companies that have spent $ 90 million buying hundreds of homes across the U.S through the help of foreclosures and the US Department of Housing and Urban Development .
The Stand posts links to Washington state and national news of interest every weekday morning by 10 a.m .
Alaska 's trade delegation to China is headed home . The trip , called Opportunity Alaska , put several companies selling Alaska 's goods and services in front of Chinese investors and consumers .
Gov . Walker and state gasline corporation head Keith Meyer also pushed for support for the $ 45 billion Alaska LNG project .
Rashah McChesney from Alaska 's Energy Desk travelled with the delegation and has this update on the last leg of the trip .
Interview highlights :
Shanghai is a beautiful city , but it is full of smog . Several members of the delegation have said that this is proof that China needs cleaner fuel , like Alaska 's LNG export project .
There has n't been any real news on that front , but the group did meet with Sinopec and Bank of China — both are very large potential funders and partners of the project .
And what happened in those meetings ?
There 's this sort of ceremonial meeting that I 've seen several times on this trip . The governor and his aides sit one side of the room , and whomever he 's meeting — and his aides — sit on the other . They face off and the two greet each other through interpreters and have these long discussions . They introduce their entourages , talk about the purpose of the visit , etc .
The Bank of China hosted a reception for the delegation — that 's the state-owned bank that could help finance the $ 45 billion pipeline project .
Walker and the delegation also met with Sinopec , the giant state-owned oil and gas company that could be a partner . And the president said that he looked forward to continuing to study the feasibility of the project with Alaska .
Then he said this : “ After some of the work we did , in terms of assessment and evaluation in technology , economics and in terms of the resources of Sinopec — I think there 's a lot more work for us to be done than originally imagined . ”
The Governor has always been so optimistic about the gasline . Is he saying this trip has changed that ?
I have not yet had the chance to talk to the governor about what he thinks of those comments , but I do n't think so . He and and several other members of the trade delegation say they are optimistic that this is the best time for the project to get built .
And apart from the gasline , what else is going on ?
Well , there has been a lot of progress with the tourism companies that came here . China has a rapidly growing middle class and they 're spending a lot more on outdoor tourism than they used to which makes Alaska an attractive destination . There has been a surge in the number of Chinese visitors to Alaska in recent years .
There was also an agreement signed with Alaska Pacific University — working toward a partnership that would allow the Chinese Nordic Team to train at APU and vice versa — allowing Alaska 's team to prepare for the 2022 Winter Olympics , which China is hosting .
I 'm told a delegation from China will be in Alaska next month to look at the facilities ; they 'll head up to Alyeska Ski Resort in Girdwood as well . This is a big deal for both APU and Alyeska and could lead to an influx in students and tourists .
WASHINGTON The chief executive of United Airlines Inc will testify before a House panel on Tuesday in the aftermath of the forced removal on April 9 of a passenger from a Chicago flight , an incident that drew international condemnation .
The House Transportation Committee will hear from United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz , along with the airline 's president , Scott Kirby , as well as lower level executives from American Airlines Inc , Alaska Airlines and Southwest Airlines .
The hearing is aimed at determining `` what can be done to improve the flying experience for American travellers , '' the committee said . A U.S. Senate panel plans a similar hearing on Thursday , but has not disclosed witnesses .
Congress has stepped up scrutiny of airline travel in the wake of the incident , when the passenger , Dr. David Dao , was forcibly removed from his seat after boarding the plane to make room for crew members .
On Thursday , United and lawyers for Dao said they had reached a settlement for an undisclosed sum , in the carrier 's latest step to contain damage .
Viral videos of Dao being dragged down the aisle of the United jet and Munoz 's handling of the incident touched off a public outcry , and prompted calls from congressmen for new industry regulation . The incident also led United 's board of directors to reverse an agreement to make Munoz company chairman in 2018 .
United said on Thursday it would offer passengers who give up their seats up to $ 10,000 , reduce the practise of overbooking flights and repeated it would no longer call on law enforcement officers to deny ticketed passengers their seats .
Southwest Airlines said on Thursday it would end the overbooking of flights .
Dao , a 69-year-old Vietnamese-American doctor , was injured when Chicago aviation police forcibly removed him from his seat and dragged him off the plane to help make space for four crew members on the flight from O'Hare International Airport to Louisville , Kentucky .
United has taken `` full responsibility for what happened on Flight 3411 , without attempting to blame others , including the City of Chicago , '' Thomas Demetrio , an attorney for Dao , said in a statement .
Munoz said in a letter to customers on Thursday that the airline would increase its focus on their satisfaction .
Representative Bill Shuster , who chairs the House committee holding the hearing Tuesday , said Congress was looking for `` much-needed answers about airline customer service policies and what is being done to improve service for the flying public . ''
( Editing by Bernadette Baum )
Arla Foods Ingredients have introduced a new whey protein solution that stays soft for at least a year , ending one of the biggest consumer complains associated with these products .
Almost half of US consumers purchased a high-protein bar in the past month , according to research . However , due to textural deterioration during shelf life – a common issue with high-protein snack bars – it 's likely that many of the bars had lost their soft and chewy texture by the time they were eaten .
To address this challenge Arla Foods Ingredients has developed Nutrilac PB-8420 , a whey protein that ensures protein bars retain a chewy texture for 12 months or more in ambient storage conditions .
Furthermore , the ingredient is all-natural and derived from cows ' milk – helping to keep the recipe simple and ensure consumer demand for clean and clear labels is met .
To showcase the new protein solution , Arla Foods Ingredients has created a 28 % protein apple & coconut protein bar concept that is the perfect blueprint for sports nutrition applications .
Inge Lise Povlsen , Senior Category Manager for Bakery & Beverages at Arla Foods Ingredients , said : “ It 's no secret that protein can sometimes present formulation challenges . These solutions all address common problems with texture and taste , opening the door to new product development opportunities that will tap into the growing popularity of high protein products . ”
Trump on Charlottesville : We Have to Respect and Ideally Love Each Other
David Webb : White Nationalists and Radical Leftists Both Attacking Trump
At least 174 of the 184 lawmakers who support legislation raising the federal minimum wage to $ 15 per hour do not pay their interns , according to a recent Employment Policies Institute analysis .
In the Senate , Senators Kamala Harris , Chuck Schumer , Cory Booker , Chris Murphy and 20 other cosponsors of the Raise the Wage Act hire unpaid interns . In the House , Representatives Nancy Pelosi , Steny Hoyer , Keith Ellison , Maxine Waters and 145 other cosponsors do not pay their interns .
On `` Fox & Friends '' this morning , Stuart Varney said the phrase `` do as we say , not as we do '' is quite applicable here .
Dershowitz : Trump Has 'More Credibility ' Than Obama With North Korea
Diamond and Silk : We Do n't Like White Nationalists or Antifa
`` Hypocrites have been known to hide under a rock , and that 's what 's going on right now , '' Varney said .
He pointed out that these internships can have extensive costs for interns - including food , housing , transportation and clothing - and not offering any payment significantly limits the pool of applicants .
`` If you do n't pay them anything , then you 're simply giving jobs to the sons and daughters of the rich , '' Varney said . `` You 're giving opportunity to the rich so that they can get in on the ground floor . So pay them something , and open it up to all kinds of people . But they 're not doing it . ''
Watch more above .
Herman Cain : John McCain Is the 'Biggest Bozo ' in the Senate
Huckabee : White Nationalist Riots Are 'Evil , Sinful , Disgusting Behavior '
Scott Baio : If Rosie O'Donnell Likes Kim Jong-un She Should Move to North Korea
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
Lady Gaga has canceled the remaining dates of her Joanne World Tour due to “ severe pain , ” Live Nation announced Saturday .
Gaga apologized to her fans on Saturday through a statement posted on Twitter , saying she needed to put her “ well-being first ” and plans to recover at home .
“ All I know is that if I do n't do this , I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music , ” she said .
In a statement posted on the promoter 's site , Live Nation said the final 10 dates of the European leg of the tour — including next week 's shows in London and Manchester — were canceled because the severe pain that Gaga is experiencing has “ materially impacted her ability to perform live . ”
“ Last night , with strong support from her medical team , Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road , ” the statement read . “ She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she can not perform for her European fans , who have waited so patiently .
The artist has talked about her struggles with fibromyalgia , a chronic musculoskeletal disease that causes pain and can also leave those suffering from it battling fatigue , headaches and insomnia .
Her Netflix documentary , “ Five Foot Two , ” explores the singer 's health issues .
“ She is in the care of expert medical professionals who are working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come , ” the statement said .
Gaga had postponed the European leg of her tour last September due to severe pain , just days after she was hospitalized and had to cancel a planned performance at the Rock in Rio music festival in Brazil .
“ I promise I will be back in your city , but for now , I need to put myself and my well-being first . I love you , forever , ” Gaga said .
Hit or miss showers possible in South MS this afternoon . Meanwhile , severe weather outbreak to our northeast . Click and watch the forecast video for details .
Wakefield Council has pledged to increase the number of its social workers after a shocking Ofsted letter revealed that vulnerable children were being put at risk due to failings in its services .
The education watchdog said there were “ significant weaknesses ” in the quality of the authority 's services for children , with delays in allocating cases and seeing and assessing children at risk of harm , after a visit in February .
It said social workers with high caseloads did not have the capacity to meet the needs of children and families .
The council has drawn up an improvement plan of immediate actions for the next six months , pledging to ensure all children 's social care cases are allocated , increase the number of social workers , and make sure no young person leaving care is placed in B & B accommodation , among other actions .
A ‘ transformation plan ' to be delivered over 18 months , is also being developed .
The plan says : “ Services for children in Wakefield are on a journey to improve . We want to ensure we provide good services and high quality practice . ”
It was published today as part of the agenda report for the authority 's children , young people and skills overview and scrutiny committee meeting , to be held next Wednesday .
The plan follows comments from council leader Coun Peter Box , who admitted in April that the authority 's previous plan to improve services was not “ sufficiently robust ” .
The scrutiny committee will hear from new corporate director for children and young people Beate Wagner , who was appointed in March .
She is expected to tell members about the council 's current position and its future plans for improvement in children 's services .
The meeting will also hear from Coun Lorna Malkin , the chair of a new ‘ Corporate Parent Committee ' .
According to the agenda report , the new committee will provide councillors with information on issues for children in care , supporting them to fulfil their role as ‘ corporate parents ' for looked after youngsters .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
RICHMOND , Va. — A wreck on I-95 north is causing major delays for drivers headed into downtown Richmond Wednesday afternoon .
VDOT reported the accident happened near the exit for Broad Street ( Exit 74C ) .
As a result , officials said all lanes of the interstate are closed except for the left lane .
Traffic was backed up just over 3 miles as of 3:40 p.m .
Crash blocking right and center lanes of I-95 north near Broad St. ( mm 74 ) in # RVA . Traffic is getting by in the left lane . There is currently a 3.5 mile backup . Expect delays . # RVAtraffic — VDOT Richmond ( @ VaDOTRVA ) May 30 , 2018
This is a developing story , so anyone with more information can submit a news tip here . If you see breaking news , and can do so safely , shoot a photo or video and send it to CBS 6 . You can also upload photos to our Facebook page or email pics @ wtvr.com from your phone .
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , she said on Wednesday .
This odd couple beat the odds .
Not too long ago , Blue Dozer , a 6-year-old Staffordshire Terrier , and his buddy , a 12-year-old Dachshund named OJ were surrendered to Richmond Animal Care and Control in Virginia .
The pair were previously owned by a pet parent who became homeless and could no longer care for the canines , according to the shelter .
It was obvious to the shelter 's staff that this duo was ride or die , bonded for life . Not only are they close friends , OJ , who is visually-impaired , depends on Blue Dozer to show him the way and safely lead him through new spaces .
Determined to find these soulmates a new forever home , the shelter posted about the pair on Facebook and emphasized that the devoted friends needed to be adopted together .
Richmond Animal Care and Control
Ca n't get enough of cats , dogs and other furry friends ? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox .
“ OJ is partially blind and relies on Blue to guide him . They are best friends , they sleep together in the shelter and we walk them together for potty breaks , ” Christie Chipps Peters , the Director of Richmond Animal Care & Control , tells PEOPLE about the dogs , who have been BFFs for four years .
The shelter did n't have to wait long to send the pooch pals off to a new start . Two days after posting about Blue Dozer and OJ on Facebook , an eager adopter came forward .
On Sunday afternoon the dog dudes were off to the their new home , leaving everyone at the shelter feeling pretty warm and fuzzy .
“ We are grateful for a happy ending ! These sweet dogs were very loved by their owner that could n't care for them any longer , they were loved and cared for at RACC and went into a great forever home , ” Peters adds . “ All the while , they loved and cared for each other . It 's the sweetest thing and we were glad to play a part in their story . ”
France Rugby - France v Australia - Stade de France , Saint-Denis near Paris , France , 19/11/2016 . Australia 's Bernard Foley in action during his match against France . REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
MELBOURNE Australia flyhalf Bernard Foley has been ruled out of the New South Wales Waratahs ' clash against Super Rugby leaders Canterbury Crusaders on Sunday after suffering a relapse of the concussion symptoms that have plagued him this season .
After missing the Waratahs ' first four games , Foley returned for the away win over the Melbourne Rebels last week but his symptoms reappeared after the match in a worrying sign for the Wallabies playmaker .
The Waratahs , who have two wins from their opening five fixtures , will throw debutant Mack Mason in at the deep end by giving the Australian under-20 international the number 10 shirt against the competition 's in-form side .
Champions in 2014 , the Waratahs have struggled badly this season and their hopes of getting back on track at the Sydney Football Stadium on Sunday were dealt a further blow with Wallabies centre Rob Horne sidelined with a hamstring strain .
Israel Folau , who proved ineffective in a midfield stint during the opening games of the season , has been shifted to centre to replace Horne , with Cam Clark starting at fullback .
Foley 's relapse has raised questions about his selection for last week 's game against the Rebels , prompting the Sydney team to defend its team doctor for giving the all-clear .
Foley said his relapse had `` nothing to do with the game last week '' but was unsure when he might return .
`` It 's a tough one . Ultimately , I think it is just time , '' Foley said on Sky Sports Radio .
`` With the nature of head knocks and concussion , no one really knows .
`` It is just time and you know when you feel right , when you 're back to normal .
`` When it first happened , you think you probably play the next week and it just sort of lingers and you just do n't feel 100 percent for a couple of weeks and it 's still ongoing for me . ''
( Reporting by Ian Ransom ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE - Buying and selling goods to strangers is becoming increasingly popular around the holidays , but it can be an easy way to get scammed . A mom and her teenage son were robbed when they tried to sell a pair of brand-new sneakers on OfferUp .
Watch the video as the teen in gray walks up to a lime green Dodge Charger with a shoe box in hand .
He is expecting the men in the car to hand him $ 315 . The amount they agreed to for the shoes , but as he places it through the window the car takes off .
The woman filming the video is the teen 's mother .
`` I just felt like I needed to record . I know this is dangerous , I figured if I 'm there , we 're in a public place , we did everything right then it would be okay , ” said mom Janice Silva .
Her son posted the Air Jordan shoes on OfferUp .
`` My son was trying to sell the shoes because his trying to save for a car , ” said Silva .
Her son , 16-year-old Cyris says he has sold items on OfferUp many times in the past with no issues .
`` It 's gone well so I kind of trusted the process , ” said Cyris .
He says he exchanged several messages with the men in the car who seemed excited about buying the shoes .
`` He seemed really , really trustworthy and I bought into it , ” said Cyris .
They met in a public place for safety , the Target store at Northgate in Seattle . The teen 's mom says they asked the buyers to meet inside of the store , but the men asked the teen to come to the car in the garaged so they could look at the shoes .
`` I just went with my feeling like ok I 'm going to go get this money , but I did n't think of consequences of the setting or why they 're like staying in the car , it 's just things to look out for next time , ” said Cyris .
Police say if you 're buying or selling anything online and are meeting in-person with a stranger , the safest place for the exchange is the police station . Many have designated Internet Purchase Exchange locations that are under surveillance .
“ I , myself , use OfferUp and I always go to a law enforcement agency . If that person does n't want to go with you , or meet you at that location , that 's a clue and that 's a red flag that this might be somebody that 's going to take advantage of you , ” said Detective Melanie Robinson with Kent Police .
Cyris is trying to save to buy a car but says after this experience he wo n't be turning to OfferUp for help .
`` I think I 'm just going to work hard for my own money , ” said Cyris .
Silva says the men did hand her son only $ 30 which Cyris decided not to keep and donate to a local church .
Police say if you recognize the men in the video to call 911 .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
MOSCOW , April 6 The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday it was too early to accuse the Syrian government of being responsible for a deadly poison gas attack in Idlib Province and said a proper investigation was needed , the RIA news agency reported .
The ministry also rejected U.S. assertions that the attack , which killed at least 70 people , meant a deal to rid the country of its chemical weapons stockpile had failed , saying that the process had in fact been `` quite successful , '' RIA reported .
U.S. President Donald Trump accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government of going `` beyond a red line '' with the attack on civilians and said his attitude toward Syria and Assad had changed , but gave no indication of how he would respond .
Russia has suggested it will publicly stand by Assad however and says the chemical incident was likely caused by a leak from a depot controlled by Syrian rebels . ( Reporting by Alexander Winning ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
To assertions that a one-year extension has no legal basis , Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque says the government ca n't 'second-guess ' security assessments made by the military and police
Published 6:04 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque says all those who oppose President Rodrigo Duterte 's request to extend martial law may , after approval of Congress , question it before the Supreme Court .
`` They are free to challenge martial law anew in the Supreme Court , '' said Roque on Monday , December 11 , during a Malacañang press briefing .
`` But please note , there have been two challenges and in both cases the Palace [ position ] has been upheld , '' he added .
Roque was referring to petitions filed by 3 groups including opposition lawmakers from the House of Representatives , with the High Court right after Duterte proclaimed martial law on May 23 , at the start of the Marawi crisis .
Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman earlier said that with the Marawi crisis over , any extension of martial law in Mindanao is a `` patent violation '' of the 1987 Constitution .
“ There is no more factual basis for the extension of martial law in Mindanao after President Duterte declared the liberation of Marawi City from rebels and terrorists almost two months ago , and government combat forces had been withdrawn , ” he said .
Minority senators Franklin Drilon , Paolo Benigno Aquino IV , Francis Pangilinan , and Antonio Trillanes IV also opposed the extension .
Drilon had said the military and police security assessment , that there are continuing threats posed by terror groups and communists , does not meet the requirements of the Constitution allowing the declaration of martial law .
`` The Constitution requires the existence of actual rebellion or actual invasion , '' said the veteran senator .
Responding to Lagman 's criticism , Roque said : `` He 's welcome to question this [ request for extension ] and I 'm confident that the government can justify martial law in the Supreme Court . ''
'Final period '
Asked why the duration of the extension requested was one year , Roque said security forces want a `` final period '' for the `` total eradication '' of the ISIS-inspired terror groups and communists .
`` I think they want a final period to deal with these acts of rebellion , '' said Roque .
Recalling that security forces previously announced deadlines for the liberation of Marawi but failed to meet them , he asked the public to give them `` more leeway . ''
Responding to Drilon 's assertion that martial law extension has no legal basis , Roque said the military and police assessments provide enough basis .
`` We are relying on what the commanders and troops are saying and these commanders and troops are on the ground and we 're not in a position to second-guess them , '' said Duterte 's spokesman .
By `` total eradication , '' Roque said the President meant the inability of terror and communist groups to carry out attacks of rebellion .
`` We need to ensure that they no longer present a threat , that all acts of rebellion emanating from them cease , and that they are not in a position to endanger public security , '' he said .
NPA inclusion
The inclusion of `` terrorist communists '' as targets of a martial law extension was prompted by an increase in violent acts instigated by the New People 's Army after Duterte declared their group as a terrorist organization .
`` They have been exhibiting more intense targeting for solders and civilians after the President had already classified them as a terrorist group , '' said Roque .
Will mining companies have anything to fear from martial law given that Duterte identified `` financiers '' as among those who must be eradicated and that he accused mining companies who pay revolutionary tax as financiers ?
`` Individuals who will contribute financial resources may be investigated and prosecuted , '' said Roque in response .
Asked if this was fair given that mining companies are typically forced to pay the tax by the NPA , Roque said , `` Let them invoke that as legal defense . ''
Noting that NPA presence was not confined to Mindanao but found all over the country , will Duterte eventually ask for nationwide martial law coverage ?
Roque said he did not want to speculate what the President will do but noted that Duterte could have already asked for such expansion of coverage in his latest letter to Congress but he did not . – Rappler.com
April 28 Aarti Drugs Ltd
* Says Maharasthra Pollution Control Board issed closure directions unit in Tarapur
* Says Maharasthra Pollution Control Board notice was based on sample from MIDC drainage chamber
* Says closure might affect profit before tax by about 2 percent on yearly basis ; assuming restart process takes about a month Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Hamilton Spectator reporter Steve Buist has earned a National Newspaper Awards nomination in the sports category .
Buist , who has won three NNAs , is in the running for his series exploring the impact of concussions on retired Canadian football players .
`` Once again this year , another nomination for Steve Buist and the entire team at The Spectator , '' said Editor-in-Chief Paul Berton after the finalists were announced Monday . `` It 's a testament to the excellent journalism they do each day . ''
Buist 's scientific research project , which included a team of experts from McMaster University and St. Joseph 's Healthcare , used brain imaging technology to look at the long-term effects of concussions and reported hits to the head on retired CFL players . The project took more than two years to complete and is believed to be the first of its kind .
`` I 'm really grateful that The Spectator allowed this project to be done , '' he said . `` Without the support of top management at The Spec , this never would have happened . ''
Buist said he 's also thankful to the retired players who agreed to take part in the project .
`` It 's a pretty serious , dangerous situation right now these football players are facing , and so I 'm just so grateful that they decided to allow us the opportunity to study them and their brains . ''
The Globe and Mail nabbed a leading 18 NNA nominations , with The Toronto Star following with 12 nods and La Presse landing eight . The Spec 's sister paper , the St. Catharines Standard , scored a local reporting nomination for Grant LaFleche 's series on the impact of child abuse by a Roman Catholic priest .
The winners of the 69th National Newspaper Awards will be announced at a ceremony in Toronto on May 4 .
LONDON Nearly 30 years after forming British chart toppers Take That , manager Nigel Martin-Smith hopes to emulate his 1990s boy band success a second time round with a new all-male group .
Just like Take That in its heyday , Yes Lad counts five members - Cian Gleeson , Joel Healey , Sonny Hardman , Lewis Maxwell and Jake Donlan - hailing from northern England and ranging in age from 17 to 20 .
The group , which auditioned on talent show `` The X Factor '' under a slightly different line-up last year , release their debut single `` Walk Away '' this month . Nigel-Smith describes their music as `` quality pop '' .
`` I have not put a band like this together since Take That , '' he told Reuters in an interview .
`` It was the anniversary of Take That 's first hit or whatever and I thought ... why have n't I put all the ingredients that made Take That so successful - why have n't I looked for them and done it again - and this is the result really . ''
While plenty of boy bands stormed charts and secured legions of female fans in the 1990s , the most recent success story has mainly been One Direction . Martin-Smith said there was space for `` a fun , musical uplifting act '' like Yes Lad .
`` It 's getting a bit heavy at the moment the charts , it 's a bit boring ... There are some great acts out there but I think what the lads are ... they 're having fun , they 're young and I think there 's a market for that , '' he said .
`` They are a boy band in the fact that they 're a band and they 're all boys but they 're not a boy band in that they 're not just pretty boys who have only just learned to sing or ca n't sing . They are genuine musicians . ''
In a digital age , Martin-Smith said the music industry had changed since Take That 's heydays , whose members went their separate ways and now perform as a trio .
`` There 's less money in the business now because people are streaming so much more and downloading music ... so it 's a lot harder now to develop new artists , '' he said .
While developing a social media presence is key , he added Yes Lad were visiting schools and community centers to build a fan base .
`` We would love to emulate the success of Take That , '' Gleeson said . `` It 's a dream to us and we feel like we can get there . ''
( Reporting By Sarah Mills ; Writing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian ; editing by Susan Thomas )
Sugar and spice !
iCarly alum Nathan Kress and his wife London Elise will be adding some more pink to their family when they welcome their first child early next year — the couple is expecting a daughter .
The Nickelodeon alum announced the exciting news on Instagram Sunday with a sweet photo of the pair holding a balloon that reads , “ It 's a baby girl ! ”
“ You can find me on my porch , in my rocking chair , polishing my shotgun , for the next 18 to 40 years , ” Nathan , 24 , quipped in the caption .
You can find me on my porch , in my rocking chair , polishing my shotgun , for the next 18 to 40 years . A post shared by Nathan Kress ( @ nathankress ) on Aug 13 , 2017 at 3:30pm PDT
The two tied the knot in November 2015 after about nine months of dating and announced in July that they are expecting a baby in January 2018 .
WATCH : How Princess Kate Is Changing the Royal Parenting Rules
London , 24 , also shared the image on social media with a sweet note .
“ Our sweet baby girl is officially on the way ! ! ! 💝 As a general update , the baby and I are completely healthy ! Our appt . last week confirmed that we are both on the perfect track for weight gain , heart rates , size — in fact she 's a week ahead of schedule right now , growing like crazy . I have 100 % not strived to be skinny , but I AM striving to be healthy . Believe me , there has been no shortage of eating or malnutrition for me or baby girl . I know some may have seemed concerned about my size/baby 's size in my mid-pregnancy photo , but I hope this helps ease some minds : ) ” she wrote , referencing a progress photo she shared last week .
“ We all have unique body types , and this just happens to be mine right now ! It does n't matter what size each of us are , pregnant or not , as long as we 're taking care of our bodies . I think it 's absolutely fascinating how God creates every body and every baby so uniquely . That 's what makes the world such a colorful place ! ” she continued .
“ Thank you again for all the love and support on this exciting journey ! We ca n't wait to meet our lil nugget 💕 . ”
Both actors were in the 2014 thriller Into the Storm .
ROSEMONT , Ill. — Vic Law scored 18 points and Northwestern followed a seven-day layoff with its largest margin of victory in program history , beating Chicago State 96-31 on Monday night .
Northwestern ( 6-4 ) also established a program record for the fewest points yielded in a half in the shot-clock era as they raced out to a 55-8 lead at halftime .
Bolstered by torrid 3-point shooting and a swarming defence , the Wildcats scored the first 15 points of the contest and added a 21-0 run before halftime . Northwestern shot 9-for-16 from behind the arc and had assists on 14 of its 16 first-half buckets .
Aaron Falzon added 15 points for the Wildcats , who began a stretch of three games in six days with a season-high for points and assists ( 20 ) .
If you 're in mourning knowing that after seven years , you wo n't get your weekly fill of Olivia Pope on Scandal once the show finishes its final season in 2018 , you 're not alone . Kerry Washington ‘ s feeling just as nostalgic as we all are , but she plans on doing something about it .
On last night 's episode of Late Night with Seth Meyers , the 40-year-old actress reflected on her iconic tenure on the award-winning show . “ It had been almost 40 years since there had been a black woman leading a TV show . It 's crazy . Now there are tons of shows with black female leads . It 's awesome ! And also Indian American leads , there 's Southeast Asian and Asian and Latin and all kinds of people leading shows , ” Washington told Meyers .
The star says she always takes a memento from set for every part she plays , and although filming has yet to wrap for the ABC series , Washington already knows what she 'd like to snag as soon as the director calls “ cut ” for the last time .
Looking for more style content ? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts , can't-live-without beauty products and more .
“ Well , I ca n't tell you on national television because then when the Prada bags are missing… ” the actress said , laughing . Joked Meyers , “ Well , that does n't seem like a memento , that just seems like you 're just stealing a purse ! ”
RELATED PHOTOS : UPDATED ! 20 Absurdly Cozy Oversized Sweaters to Buy for Fall
“ It 's not one purse . It 's like 20 purses in various colors to match every outfit , ” Washington replied . “ No , no , no , they mean a lot to me , these bags . Seven years of memories in every single beautiful bag . She is a very well-dressed character . ”
Meyers was n't the only late night talk show host who got a lesson in style from Washington this week . While visiting The Late Show With Stephen Colbert , the Neutrogena creative consultant mentioned that she helped design the shade of lipstick Nicole Kidman wore to win her Emmy , saying it was her intention to create a color that would look good on everyone . Before Colbert had too much time to protest , Washington had withdrawn the exact Velvet Wine shade from her “ bosom ” and slicked it on the talk show host 's mouth . “ You 're so pretty ! ” she told him .
Are you sad Scandal ‘ s in its final season ? Sounds off in the comments below .
* Zloty retreats , optimism over economy can lift it further * Hungarian central bank says depo cut maintains loose conditions * Czech crown sets 4-month high in 1-month forwards deals By Sandor Peto and Bartosz Chmielewski BUDAPEST/WARSAW , March 29 Central European currencies eased on Wednesday after Hungary 's central bank continued to squeeze funds from its 3-month deposits , while Poland 's zloty retreated from 11-month highs . In Prague , the crown set a new 4-month high in one-month forwards contracts at 26.9 against the euro ahead of an auction of government bonds . A moderate rise in the region 's biggest stock markets , led by a 0.4 percent gain in Budapest and Warsaw indicated some recovery in risk appetite , after a setback in global markets early this week . The forint and the zloty eased 0.1 percent against the euro . The zloty traded at 4.2372 . On Tuesday the zloty surged to an 11-month high , after Deputy Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said Polish economic growth could exceed the 3.6 percent official forecast this year . The zloty and Warsaw stocks are strong regional outperformers , with respective gains of 3.9 and 14.7 percent this year , after a hit from a shift to less business-friendly policies since late 2015 under the conservative cabinet . U.S. and Asian investors , the biggest buyers , focus on improved Polish economic data and assessments from rating agencies , one Warsaw-based trader said . `` Zloty also passed through all recent technical resistance levels , including 200-week average and technically a trend reversal seems unlikely , '' the trader said , adding that the next resistance was at 4.21-4.22 . Analysts expect the zloty to firm further and retreat into the 4.23-4.25 range after finding a resistance . The forint traded near the 310 psychological line , but did not weaken through it . The Hungarian central bank announced a bigger than expected cut in its 3-month deposits on Tuesday . Analysts mostly interpreted that as a dovish measure . The bank explained in a 20-page study , confirmed in comments from its Deputy Governor Marton Nagy , that considering other market factors , its measure maintained the earlier level of interbank liquidity rather than boosting it . `` The truth could be in between the two , '' one fixed income trader said , adding that Hungarian debt yields dropped anyway , mainly in short maturities , with 3-month yields trading at 1.23 percent , down 7 basis points from Tuesday 's fixing . The Czech Republic auctions two bonds . The government added this auction to its March sales early this week to benefit from low yields . The Czech central bank will hold its last regular meeting on Thursday before the expiry of its hard commitment to retain its cap on the crown currency at 27 against the euro until the end of the first quarter . It is uncertain how Czech markets will move in the short term after the cap is removed . CEE SNAPS AT 1048 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.02 27.02 -0.01 -0.06 20 05 % % Hungary 309.9 309.6 -0.10 -0.35 forint 000 050 % % Polish 4.237 4.234 -0.07 3.93 % zloty 2 3 % Romanian 4.555 4.556 +0.0 -0.45 leu 5 3 2 % % Croatian 7.440 7.436 -0.05 1.55 % kuna 0 5 % Serbian 123.7 123.9 +0.1 -0.36 dinar 900 100 0 % % Note : daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 985.6 983.2 +0.2 +6.9 9 2 5 % 5 % Budapest 32411 32294 +0.3 +1.2 .84 .03 6 % 8 % Warsaw 2234 . 2225 . +0.4 +14 . 43 41 1 % 71 % Bucharest 7965 . 7953 . +0.1 +12 . 14 88 4 % 42 % Ljubljana 783.4 787.3 -0.48 +9.1 9 0 % 8 % Zagreb 2024 . 2077 . -2.53 +1.4 54 12 % 9 % Belgrade 6 4 % 5 % Sofia 635.6 636.2 -0.10 +8.3 3 9 % 9 % BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d ( bid ) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 1 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.29 0.32 0.4 0 PRIBOR= > Hungary < 0.24 0.27 0.36 0.21 BUBOR= > Poland < 1.77 1.79 1.83 1.73 WIBOR= > Note : FRA are for quotes ask prices * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ( Additional reporting by Jason Hovet in Prague )
WORDS OF wisdom from the Challenge Cup king could help inspire Wakefield Trinity into a second successive semi-final .
Two-time Cup-winning coach John Kear is the not-so-secret weapon in Trinity 's armoury for tonight 's quarter-final at Salford Red Devils .
John Kear and Sheffield Eagles captain Paul Broadbent celebrate their Wembley success in 1998 .
Kear , who rejoined Trinity 's staff in the off-season as head of rugby , was in charge of Sheffield Eagles when they stunned Wigan Warriors at Wembley 19 years ago and masterminded Hull 's victory over Leeds Rhinos at Cardiff in 2005 .
He has also been on the Challenge Cup-winning backroom staff at Castleford Tigers and Wigan and guided Trinity into their first semi-final for 29 years in 2008 .
Nobody in the game has a closer association with the competition , and Trinity captain Danny Kirmond is hoping some of Kear 's magic will rub off tonight .
“ There 's a bit of a buzz around the boys , ” said Kirmond , who is hoping to return to the side after a back injury .
John Kear . PIC : Simon Hulme
“ It is always exciting when it comes to the Cup . It is a bit of a break from the league and John 's been very good with the Challenge Cup .
“ He has got a great history in it and it means a lot to him .
“ He has had a bit of a chat with the boys this week and everyone 's really bought into that , but , to be honest , it does n't take much getting up for the Challenge Cup .
“ Everyone 's excited by it , the Cup is special for all rugby players and fans .
“ It is what you dream about as a kid and what most of us play the game for .
“ It is a special competition and it 's exciting to be playing in a quarter-final . ”
Salford , second in Betfred Super League , will be favourites for tonight 's tie , but Kirmond said : “ We are written off every year , so that does n't matter to us .
“ We 've played everyone already this year and no one 's really blown us away completely – we do n't really look at anyone and think ‘ they 're a better team than us , they 're going to beat us if we play them ' .
“ We are a more consistent team this year and we can challenge anyone on our day . We are confident .
“ It 's an 80-minute game and there 's no second chances so you put it all on the line .
“ Us and Salford are doing all right in the league so I am sure it 'll be a really good game . ”
Trinity won 34-24 at Salford in Super League less than two weeks ago and also beat tonight 's opponents 24-22 at Beaumont Legal Stadium , Belle Vue , in March .
“ That wo n't have any bearing on us , ” Kirmond stressed of the recent meeting .
“ It might affect them a bit more than us . They 'll probably be looking for a little bit of revenge .
“ They 'll probably think we 've had a couple of close victories against them this year so I think it 'll mean a lot to them , but it 's a Cup game and it means everything to us anyway .
“ We will be throwing it all on the line .
“ It is going to be a tough game regardless , it is a quarter-final so you know you 've got to be on your best game and be ready for it .
Salford Red Devils : from O'Brien , Bibby , Welham , Sa ' u , Evalds , Lui , Dobson , Tasi , Brining , Hasson , Murdoch-Masila , Hauraki , Griffin , Kopczak , Krasniqi , Carney , Lannon , Tomkins , Flanagan .
Wakefield Trinity : from Allgood , Annakin , Arundel , Ashurst , Caton-Brown , Crowther , England , Finn , Grix , Hadley , Hirst , Huby , Jones-Bishop , Kirmond , Lyne , Sio , Tupou , Williams , Wood .
Referee : Robert Hicks ( Oldham ) .
Kick-off : Tonight , 8pm .
April 12 Dalian Sunasia Tourism Holding Co Ltd :
* Says it signed LoI to invest in theme park project worth 881.9 million yuan with a real estate partner
* Says it will boost capital of 14 million yuan to a Chun'an-based tourism firm and hold 70 percent stake in it after transaction
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/yP2gs0
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
In addition to stocking up on chunky sweaters and mainlining PSLs , autumn also means it 's time to start thinking dark lips , dewy skin , and updating your winged eyeliner so it 's fresh for fall .
Thanks to Instagram makeup guru Melly Sanchez , all it takes to upgrade your eye liner is one extra step — which creates an edgy double winged liner look that 's way easy to create , thanks to Sanchez 's tricks in the How It 's Done video , above .
First , Sanchez creates a subtle smoky eye all over using gray eye shadow shades from the Rimmel London Magnif'Eyes Contouring Palette . She then highlights her brow bone with a shimmery champagne shade , and defines the inner corners of her eyes with a pale shimmery cream shadow stick .
RELATED PHOTOS : The Beauty Product Launches We 're Living For in 2017
Next , Sanchez begins her eyeliner , using a thin angled brush ( a brow brush works fine ! ) and black gel eyeliner to line 3/4 of her lash line , starting from the inner corners and working her way out . Then , beginning from the outer corners , she draws a diagonal line , and then draws another one that connects to the original line along her lashes , creating an empty wing before she fills in the space .
To create the wing at the inner corners of her eyes , Sanchez draws a small triangle around her tear duct and extends it slightly along her bottom lash line . She then goes back in to clean up any rough edges using a thin brush and a tiny bit of concealer , and then finishes the look with a few swipes of mascara on her top and bottom lashes , along with strips of falsies on top for an extra pop .
What do you think of the look ? Sounds off in the comments below .
“ I am absolutely , 100 percent rooting for the Philadelphia Eagles ` cause I 'm tired of the Patriots . I know exactly where I 'm at , but I 'm not gon na suck up , ” The Kansas City Chiefs fan insisted . “ I respect what they 've done . I think the combination of [ head coach Bill ] Belichick and [ quarterback Tom ] Brady is the greatest in the history of the game . I give them props and respect them , [ but ] I 'm not a Patriots ' fan and I hope they lose . ”
Get ready to see Michael Bolton like you 've never seen him before .
The 65-year-old singer is trying his hand at hip hop on this week 's Lip Sync Battle — going head-to-head with Saturday Night Live ‘ s Pete Davidson .
In a sneak peek at the showdown , Bolton storms the stage to perform his rendition of Coolio 's 1995 hit “ Gangsta 's Paradise. ” Ever the dedicated entertainer , he goes all out wardrobe-wise in black track pants , a tank , gold chains and bicep tats , leaving co-host LL Cool J doubled over with laughter .
RELATED : Tom Holland Has One Regret About His Rihanna Getup from His Epic Lip Sync Battle Routine
But it 's co-host Chrissy Teigen ‘ s reaction that says it all .
“ That got real dark , ” she says . “ Oh my God . I heard birds chirping and I was like , ‘ This is going to be cute ! ' And then , holy s— . That was so awesome . ”
Lip Sync Battle airs Thursdays ( 10 p.m . ET ) on Paramount Network .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) — Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it sped toward Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths . Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend .
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday . Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf .
Mississippi 's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast , with buses available for people who ca n't drive .
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet ( 1.2 to 2.1 meters ) from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the Alabama-Florida border . It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America .
The center added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning .
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 60 mph ( 95 kph ) by Friday afternoon and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before brushing by the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula . It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans .
The storm was located about 80 miles ( 125 kilometers ) east of the Mexican resort island of Cozumel and had accelerated its north-northwest movement to 21 mph ( 33 kph ) .
In Nicaragua , Nate 's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen . Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides .
Nicaragua 's vice president and spokeswoman , Rosario Murillo , said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm . Earlier Thursday she had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing . She did n't give details on all the deaths , but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa .
Costa Rica 's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing . Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters .
In Honduras , there were three dead and three missing , according to Oscar Triminio , spokesman for the country 's firefighters .
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras , which had been scheduled for Friday night .
In Louisiana , Gov . John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops , with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there .
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane , Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall , storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by “ dark on Saturday . ”
Louisiana 's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly , rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state . State officials hope that means New Orleans wo n't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water .
Edwards warned , however , against underestimating the storm .
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle , Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border .
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm . Earlier Thursday , a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans .
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city 's pump and drainage system . Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods .
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement 's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday , six production platforms , out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf , had been evacuated . No drilling rigs were evacuated , but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm 's path .
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in , which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day .
Courtesy graphic
BRAINTREE -- All Catholics need to identify with the mission of Catholic schools , according to Cardinal Seán P. O'Malley . Speaking with Kathy Mears , superintendent for Boston Catholic Schools , on her office 's podcast , Cardinal O'Malley said that educating youth through Catholic schools is one of the Church 's largest , most successful missions .
`` There is no other institution that has moved people out of poverty the way that the Catholic schools have done , '' he said . `` All Catholics , whether they have children who are school age or not , need to identify with this very important mission . ''
The Archdiocese of Boston 's Catholic Schools Office began the podcast , `` Saints and Scholars On-the-Go , '' in December 2016 . They seek to address topics that involve education , faith and daily life as well as connect with the parents of Catholic school students . The most recent episode , featuring Cardinal O'Malley , marks Catholic Schools Week and can be found online at csoboston.com/podcasts .
The cardinal recalled fondly his own memories of Catholic school . He attended Catholic schools all the way through graduate school , which was also the first time he had a lay teacher .
`` Our schools were very blessed by the presence of so many men and women religious who dedicated their lives to teaching other people 's children and doing it well , '' he said , adding that they also modeled a life of discipleship .
Cardinal O'Malley thanked God for the lay men and women who have taken up the mantel of Catholic education . These dedicated educators serve the Church , making sacrifices that benefit the next generation .
He also praised parishes that have made great sacrifices to support Catholic schools and urged all parishes to make the sacrifices needed to help their local schools flourish .
The cardinal said that Catholic schools benefit their students and , by extension , the Church as a whole . The schools prepare young people for a life of faith and to be productive citizens . Graduates are more likely to be active , committed Catholics who give back to their Church and community . They are also more likely to be volunteers and give more to charity , he said .
Data from the Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate ( CARA ) , which conducts social science research at Georgetown University in Washington , D.C. , indicates that Catholic school graduates are more civically engaged than their public school counterparts .
When speaking about the future of Catholic schools , Cardinal O'Malley said he hopes to see schools deepen their Catholic identity , stand on firm financial foundations and become even more accessible to all children , particularly immigrants and those who are poor .
`` Obviously , many parents feel the economic pressure of not being able to afford Catholic education , '' he said , adding that he is in favor of school vouchers or tax credits that allot money to families who opt out of public schools in favor of parochial schools . That allotment allows parents to have a real choice in education and saves the government money since Catholic schools spend less than public schools to educate each student .
`` People have to see that the Catholic schools are not in competition with the public school , '' he said .
At the end of the podcast , Cardinal O'Malley addressed the Latino population in Spanish . He encouraged them to consider Catholic schools and universities where their children will be prepared to succeed in life while receiving good Christian formation . For anyone with financial concerns , he said that there are programs to help with the cost and that the value of a Catholic education is immeasurable .
A trip to Disney World may be magical , but the prices of a breakfast with your favorite character ? Not so much . This fall and winter , though , you can avoid shelling out tons of cash for a meal in Cinderella 's Castle .
Disney announced Tuesday morning that their free dining deal , which has happened in previous years but does n't return every year , is back — though there are a few hoops you have to jump through to take advantage of it .
According to the official website , you have until July 7 to book your 5 night/6 day Magic Your Way package , which includes a room at select Disney Resort hotels and park entry tickets with a Park Hopper option . The offer is only valid for travel between August 20 and September 29 , November 24 through November 27 , and December 7 through December 23 .
Walt Disney World
If you opt to book at any of the Disney Deluxe Villa Resort Hotels or Disney Deluxe Resort Hotels options ( full list below ) , you 'll receive a free Disney Dining Plan . With this plan , you 'll receive one quick-service meal per person per day , one table-service meal , and two snacks ( like soft drinks , ice cream or popcorn ) .
Disney 's Animal Kingdom Lodge
Disney 's Beach Club Resort
Disney 's BoardWalk Inn
Disney 's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa
Disney 's Yacht Club Resort
Disney 's Animal Kingdom Villas – Jambo House
Disney 's Animal Kingdom Villas – Kidani Village
Disney 's Beach Club Villas
Disney 's BoardWalk Villas
Disney 's Old Key West Resort
Disney 's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa
If you choose a Disney Moderate Resort Hotel or a Disney Value Resort Hotel ( full list below ) , you 'll receive a free quick-service dining plan . That offer includes two quick-service meals and two snacks per person per day .
The Cabins at Disney 's Fort Wilderness Resort
Disney 's Caribbean Beach Resort
Disney 's Coronado Springs Resort
Disney 's All-Star Music Resort
Disney 's All-Star Sports Resort
Disney 's Art of Animation Resort – Family Suites only
Disney 's Pop Century Resort
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news , plus exclusive recipes , videos and more ? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter .
Guests over 21 can also use their complimentary dining plans to redeem one alcoholic beverage per meal , while younger guests can opt for milkshakes , smoothies or soft drinks .
The offer states that only a limited number of rooms at select hotels will be allocated for the deal , and that some table-service restaurants may have limited or no availability when you purchase a package , so book early !
Political parties and candidates can not be charged a rate higher than that of regular advertisers , the bill says
Published 8:38 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – The House of Representatives on Monday , December 11 , approved a bill that would amend the existing Fair Elections Act and introduce a 50 % discount for parties and candidates for political propaganda on print , radio , and television .
House Bill 6604 , which was passed on 3rd and final reading during session , seeks to provide `` equal opportunity among qualified candidates to avail [ themselves of ] affordable political propaganda . ''
`` During the campaign period , media outlets shall provide registered political parties and bona fide candidates a discount of fifty percent ( 50 % ) for political propaganda on television , radio , and print , '' reads the bill .
Political parties and candidates also can not be charged a rate higher than that of regular advertisers .
According to the bill , it will be up to the Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) to `` regulate the rates of political propaganda and prevent media outlets from increasing the rates to more than the average rates charged to regular advertisers one year prior to the start of the campaign period . ''
Section 11 of RA 9006 or the Fair Elections Act sets a discounted rate of 30 % for political ads on TV , 20 % on radio , and 10 % on print `` over the average rates charged during the first 3 quarters of the calendar year preceding the elections . '' – Rappler.com
CENTERVILLE , Tenn. ( WKRN ) – A man was shot to death by a neighbor after he reportedly attacked his ex-wife with a weapon Tuesday night in Centerville .
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation was called to look into the incident , which happened around 7 p.m. at a home off Kristin Drive .
The preliminary report indicates William Taylor II entered his ex-wife 's home armed with a weapon and began attacking her , according to the TBI .
A couple who lives nearby reportedly recognized something was wrong and went to see what was going on . As they tried to help the victim , Taylor allegedly began to attack them with the weapon .
The TBI says one of the neighbors , a woman , had a handgun with her and shot Taylor during the confrontation . Taylor ran outside and into the backyard where he died .
The victim was flown to a Nashville hospital . It 's unclear how serious are at this time .
The bureau also said the Taylors ' children were home when their father came in but left . They were not injured .
The TBI has yet to identify the weapon used in the attack . The investigation remains active and ongoing .
MOSCOW , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - The Russian central bank believes a cleanup of country 's banks is more than half complete , Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday .
She also said that the central bank still saw problems in the banking sector and cases of unfair business practice . ( Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh , Tatiana Voronova and Polina Nikolskaya , writing by Katya Golubkova , editing by Larry King )
By Scott T. Sterling
Controversial musician Kid Rock has come out in strong support of the women accusing powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment .
Related : Kid Rock Release Country Rocker ‘ Tennessee Mountain Top '
Hollywood has been rocked by the reports of Weinstein 's behavior which broke this week after years of rumors and innuendo .
“ I do not know all the women who have come forward per the New York Times piece on Harvey Weinstein and I am not a fan of many of them , in many ways , especially of their politics ( I am certain they are not too fond of me or mine as well ! ) , ” Rock wrote on his official website .
“ But I applaud their courage to come forward and support them all 100 % . Most of us in the entertainment business have heard of these disgusting stories for years about these scumbag heads of studios , record labels , Fortune 500 companies , etc and how they prey on young women and men , especially in Hollywood , ” he continued .
“ Why even comment on this and put my own neck out there in a fight that 's not mine ? For my granddaughter , my sisters , my mother , my fiancé , but mostly for the people who have no voice . And I am also not beholden or scared of anyone ! , ” the rocker added .
“ Once again , I support you ladies and I am sure you will not be the last to come forward now that the dam has burst , ” Kid Rock wrote at the end of the post . “ I do wish for the most positive outcomes for all involved and for some real change in this disgusting space . ”
See Kid Rock 's full statement here .
BELLINGHAM , Wash. — Western Washington University sent an alert to students notifying them that a man exposed himself to a convenience store clerk near the campus Saturday night . Police released a photo of a suspect .
“ The female clear at JJ 's In and Out convenience store , at 22nd and Douglas streets , said the man bought a beer , exposed himself and then left on foot , ” the university said in its alert . “ The suspect is described as having a dark complexion , early to mid-20s , 5 foot 6 inches tall , wearing a medium white or gray t-shirt and pajama pants . ”
Police searched the area but did not find the suspect .
“ It is not known if this incident is related to other recent incidents near and on campus of lewd conduct , ” the school said .
Coach Tommy Snell and his Mississippi Gulf Coast Bulldogs golf team reached the top of the mountain last week coming from behind to claim the NJCAA Division II men 's title by one stroke over Meridian .
It 's the first national title for coach Snell ... who led his team to a second-place finish in the 2017 national championship .
Jackson Wedgeworth , Brice Wilkinson , Carter Nicholson , Colby Blake and Colby Entriken were all named to the All-American team . Assistant coach Brad Thornton says the Bulldog players dedicated the win to coach Snell .
Coach Thornton said , `` This year was a lot different . We happen to be peaking at the right time . We had a great group of guys , great team chemistry this year , that allowed us to put forth great rounds to finish this tournament and we came out one shot ahead of Meridian , a great team , great coaching staff . You know we battled with them all year and to defeat them by that shot , to put coach Snell over the top and get him that championship made it little more sweet . ''
Wedgeworth finished 5-under in a tie for fourth place . Wilkinson tied for sixth at 3-under .
Assistant coach Thornton was recently named the new head golf coast at Stone High . His dad , Bruce , is the Biloxi Lady Indians softball head coach and previously coached at George County High School .
Patrick Clay of WLOX will have more on the Bulldogs national championship on Thursday night at 10 on WLOX News Now .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All Rights Reserved .
The opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not reflect the views of WrestlingInc or its staff
Since the first Hell in a Cell PPV in 2009 , the concept of having an entire PPV annually branded under WWE 's most famous singles match has been debated . In a previous era , the Hell in a Cell match was a last resort for feuds that had escalated beyond the parameters of a simple No Disqualification match . For the record , that was n't always the case as there have been several Hells in a Cell matches from the 90s that were extremely forgettable ( does anyone really remember Mankind vs Kane ? ) , but the general principle was that the match was only brought out under extreme circumstances .
Since WWE decided to have a thematic Hell in a Cell PPV , the biggest determining factor in what match would take place inside the cell was not the strength of a feud , but rather the calendar . It no longer mattered if the feud was hot enough for the cell , it only mattered who was feuding when October rolled around . Sometimes , the first match in a feud takes place inside the Cell , which is about as backwards as it gets . Personally , I would like to see the concept of the PPV scrapped and go back to only having the cell when it is deemed absolutely necessary . The gimmick of having a Hell in a Cell PPV has run its course at this point , and the fact is the matches feel less important than before because the concept has been watered down by too many substandard feuds getting to have matches inside the cell .
The two matches taking place inside the Cell this weekend will be Kevin Owens vs Shane McMahon and The New Day vs The Usos . While nobody would have had these two matches as being the cell matches at the beginning of the year , both feuds have been going on for quite some time , so it is n't like WWE threw something together at the last minute .
While this will be the first match between Owens and Shane , the feud has been building for months over Owens ' hatred of Shane and the way he runs SmackDown . This is very similar to the build for AJ Styles vs Shane at WrestleMania this year , in that Owens feels Shane has overstepped his boundaries and is abusing his power to reduce Owens ' chances at success . Owens has been brilliant over the last several weeks in building the match , from his assault on Vince McMahon , to his faux apology , he has been very efficient at garnering heat and getting sympathy for Shane . I thought the segment where Owens ' `` apologized '' to Vince but accused Shane of provoking him into action , was one of the best segments in WWE this year .
As for Shane , he serves an important role in WWE . The fans really do believe in him and despite the fact that he does n't have the sharpest mic skills , he comes across as honest and likeable which is something many of the babyfaces in WWE can not say . Shane is n't a very good wrestler , but he tries very hard to put on entertaining matches and most importantly , he is able to lose and put the heel over , without really losing anything as a babyface . It is an interesting development in that his character is expected to lose , but as long he puts on a good show , the fans have no problem rallying behind him time and time again .
On Tuesday , the match was announced as a Falls Count Anywhere match , which pretty much indicates that the match is going to end outside the ring . With Shane in the match and with that new stipulation , WWE has pretty much put themselves into a situation where someone ( presumably Shane ) has to fall off the top of the cage ; anything less would be a disappointment . I also do n't think they will do the same spot as they did at WrestleMania 32 , which was having Shane miss a dive off the top of the cell and into the announcement table , with a crash pad underneath . They could do that same spot again and get a good reaction from the crowd , but I suspect they might try something else ; probably involving some sort of crash pad that is introduced into the match , such as when Rikishi fell into the bed of a pickup truck at Armageddon 2000 . Whatever they end up doing , I 'm sure it will be spectacular .
The other Hell and a Cell match is the Tag Team Championship match between The Usos and The New Day . In a lot of ways , this is the anti-Hell in a Cell Match in regards to how serious it is being taken by the participants . The storyline is basically that the comedic New Day never really take any threat seriously , so while The Usos have been trying to convey to them the beating that they are going to dish out , New Day are just too positive to see the danger in front of them . I actually enjoy this perspective ; it is much more honest from WWE 's point of view . The idea of Hell in a Cell being the extremely rare match that promises carnage has been debunked by too many mediocre matches and feuds over the years , so New Day are treating it like any other match ; and the fans should too .
Oddly enough , the WWE Championship match will not be defended inside the cell and will instead be just a basic singles match . By almost any calculation , Jinder Mahal has been a very poor champion . Ratings and attendance for SmackDown have nosedived since crowning Mahal as the face of WWE 's India market , albeit losing John Cena to RAW did n't help matters . His matches have been consistently poor and his talking segments repetitive . Every match he has had to defend his title has ended the same way , with the Singh Brothers interfering ; yet here we go again at Hell in a Cell , and there is no stipulation in place preventing the Singh Brothers from interfering for the hundredth time .
His opponent , Shinsuke Nakamura , is a guy with real talent and the potential to be a big star . Yet , his first major feud has him being duped by the Singh Brothers predictable interference and having to work with the most under-prepared WWE Champion in history . Nakamura is working a main event feud for the WWE Championship and he is LOSING MOMENTUM every week ! Think about that for a second . Nakamura had one-off matches with Randy Orton and Cena , both of whom would have provided much sturdier opposition to help Nakamura get over , so he could have a months-long feud with freakin ' Jinder Mahal .
I imagine that Mahal will manage to retain the championship , hopefully in a way that is n't too embarrassing although at this point I kind of doubt it . Maybe Nakamura actually wins the championship , but with the India tour coming up in December , it would seem like Mahal would hold onto the title until then . SmackDown has n't been very good lately , despite having a lot of talent on the roster , and a lot of that comes down to the WWE Champion not being particularly good at his job . For the record , I do n't really blame Mahal himself , he tries hard but WWE management has put him into a position which he is not qualified to be in , and a lack of fan interest is a result of that .
The United States Championship will be on the line as Styles defends against Baron Corbin , who is still trying to recover from being unceremoniously defeated by Cena in a forgettable match at SummerSlam . Corbin still lacks some of the skills necessary to be a top guy in the company , but he could be capable of holding a mid-card championship like the US title and by making him a dominant force , WWE may be able to rebuild him a bit . Styles at this point can really do whatever WWE needs him to do ; he can be a face , a heel , open the show , close the show , have the best match and put other guys over without losing much momentum . Since he can do all of those things he should probably be the focal point on SmackDown , so he could lose the title to Corbin and actually be better off for it . However , if the plan is to have Styles vs Nakamura at WrestleMania for the WWE Championship , it makes sense to have him out of the main event picture for the next few months .
The Women 's Championship will also be defended , as Natalya defends against Charlotte . Despite not having the same amount of focus nor the TV time , the SmackDown Women 's division has significantly more depth than RAW , which has blunted some of their potential stars by poor booking . Outside of Natalya and Charlotte ; Naomi , Carmella , Becky Lynch and even Tamina have been presented as potential champions or contenders at any given moment . I still think Charlotte is the most talented woman they have right now , and pushing her as a dominant heel champion would be the best move for the division long term . This could be a really good match as well , as could most of the matches on the show .
The last couple matches on the card could also be good . Rusev lost to Randy Orton at SummerSlam in kind of embarrassing way , but he won a ten second match on SmackDown and has been tremendous bragging about his heroic conquest . Rusev could easily be a great babyface if WWE decides to turn him , and since Orton works better as a heel anyway , this might be the night to do a double-turn . The final match is Bobby Roode vs Dolph Ziggler , which could be very good . Ziggler looks like his time as an upper mid-card wrestler is probably over , but he and Roode could have a good match and it will establish Roode if he gets a clean victory , which he totally should .
Despite Mahal 's poor performance and the loss of Cena , I think SmackDown still has the potential to be a very good show . Following this PPV , WWE would presumably have a top tier of babyfaces consisting of Styles , Orton , Roode and Nakamura and a top tier of heels consisting of Mahal , Owens , Rusev and Corbin . I think the heel side is a little weak , so an Orton turn would be appreciated , but that along with their deep women 's division could be the makeup of a good product . Now if only they could find something for Sami Zayn and Luke Harper to do ...
Follow Jesse Collings on Twitter at @ JesseCollings . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
Enzio Boldewijn has left Crawley Town and signed for Notts County for an undisclosed six-figure fee .
The Dutch midfielder joined Reds in 2015 and went on to make 101 appearances and score 16 goals .
Reds director of football Selim Gaygusuz told the club website : “ Enzio has decided to look for a new challenge and we wish him all the best for the future and thank him for his services to Crawley Town . I can assure our loyal supporters that we are working hard to bring in players who will add to the existing squad . ”
The club said everyone wished Boldewijn all the best for the future
Harry wants more
Reds star 's deal extended
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
MILWAUKEE — The Cardinals ' Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings in his return from Tommy John surgery , and Oswaldo Arcia hit a go-ahead single in a two-run seventh to lead the Milwaukee Brewers over St. Louis 3-2 on Wednesday .
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 , Reyes allowed three hits , struck out two and walked two .
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago , beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings . Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta .
Reyes , a 23-year-old right-hander , was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria , Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis . He struck out 44 in 23 innings .
Milwaukee , at 19-8 , set a team record for wins in May despite going 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position and stranding 12 runners .
Yelich hit into a run-scoring forceout to put Milwaukee ahead in the fifth , but the Cardinals took a 2-1 lead in the seventh against Jeremy Jeffress ( 5-0 ) on Harrison Bader 's fifth home run and Tommy Pham 's sacrifice fly .
Yelich drove Tyler Lyons ' first pitch of the seventh inning off the facing of the centre-field scoreboard , and Jesus Aguilar , Domingo Santana and Arcia singled off Sam Tuivailala ( 1-1 ) .
Alex Reyes , a 23-year-old rookie right-hander , was activated from the 60-day disabled list before the game . It was his first major-league appearance since Sept. 29 , 2016 . He worked out of bases-loaded jam in the second , scattered three hits , struck out two and walked two in four innings .
Brewers starter Junior Guerra allowed four hits in six scoreless innings . Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth , and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save in seven chances .
Dexter Fowler had three singles for the Cardinals .
FARGO , N.D. — Matt Mooney scored 21 points , Triston Simpson and Nick Fuller 13 apiece and South Dakota fought off a furious second-half rally and beat North Dakota State 76-72 on Saturday .
Mooney had 18 points and hit all three of his 3-pointers to propel the Coyotes ( 20-6 , 8-2 Summit ) to a 44-24 halftime lead . South Dakota hit 7 of 12 from distance in opening up the 20-point advantage . But the Coyotes went cold in the second half , missing seven of their first eight shots , and two free throws by Deng Geu pulled the Bison ( 12-12 , 4-5 ) within 52-42 with 12 1/2 minutes remaining .
Paul Miller scored 12 with two 3-pointers that began and ended a 14-6 spurt , and North Dakota State trailed 68-65 with 1:44 left . But Tyler Peterson scored seven straight for the Coyotes — four free throws and a 3-pointer — and Mooney made 1 of 2 free throws with six seconds to go to preserve the win . Peterson finished with 12 points .
Miller paced the Bison with 24 points , five rebounds and four assists , while Tyson Ward scored 11 with 11 rebounds for his sixth double-double of the season .
Erdoğan will be sworn at the parliament , a presidential source , who asked not to be named , tells AFP . State media reports said the oath ceremony would be at 1300 GMT ( 9 pm , Manila time ) .
Published 8:30 PM , July 04 , 2018
ANKARA , Turkey – President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan will on Monday , July 9 , be sworn in for a second mandate as Turkey 's head of state after his election triumph last month , assuming sweeping powers granted under a new constitution , a presidential source said .
Erdoğan , who has dominated Turkey first as premier from 2003 then president from 2014 , scored an outright victory in the first round of the June 24 elections with 52.6 % of the vote .
Those elections were particularly crucial as it is only after the polls that the new presidential system , which was agreed in a 2017 referendum and opponents fear will lead to one man rule , comes into force .
Erdoğan will be sworn at the parliament , a presidential source , who asked not to be named , told AFP . State media reports said the oath ceremony would be at 1300 GMT .
Two hours later a `` transition ceremony '' marking the shift to the new system will take place at his vast presidential palace on the outskirts of Ankara , Anadolu news agency reported .
The Turkish leader is expected to deliver a speech during the ceremony to be attended by leading figures from the business , art and sports as well as foreign heads of state , according to the Hurriyet daily .
The ceremony will be followed by a dinner and then Erdoğan is due to announce his new cabinet , it said .
Under the new system , Erdoğan will enjoy greater powers with the authority to appoint and sack ministers , judges and other state officials .
The post of prime minister , currently held by Erdoğan 's ally Binali Yildirim , is to be scrapped as of Monday , leaving the president in full and sole charge of the government .
A decree published in the Official Gazette on Wednesday formalised the transfer of some duties and authorities of the cabinet to the president .
Also , the references in certain laws like `` cabinet '' and `` prime ministry '' have been changed to say `` president '' and the `` presidency , '' according to the decree .
The new regulations will come into force on the day the president is sworn in , Anadolu said .
The new parliament is meanwhile expected to be sworn in two days earlier on Saturday .
Erdoğan 's ruling Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) has failed to secure a majority in the 600-seat parliament on its own in the June elections . But it does enjoy a clear majority within a pact with its partner the right-wing Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) . – Rappler.com
Alek Minassian , the man suspected of plowing into pedestrians with a van Monday , was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder in a Toronto court .
The 25-year-old is also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder .
Minassian , who was wearing a white jumpsuit with his hands cuffed behind him , appeared attentive during the brief hearing . His next court appearance will be a bail hearing on May 10 .
Investigators are still trying to determine the motive behind the attack , which left 10 people dead and 15 hurt .
“ Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened , what could possibly be the motive behind it , ” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday .
So far , officials are n't calling the attack an act of terrorism . “ There would appear to be no national security connection , ” Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said .
But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said “ it 's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate . ”
The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon , swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk .
Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call , Saunders said .
He said Toronto authorities had n't had previous contact with the 25-year-old suspect . But a US law enforcement official with knowledge of the matter said Minassian was known to authorities .
Clue emerges from Facebook
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian , CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said .
A message posted on the account earlier Monday read : “ All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger ! ”
Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014 . Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound .
Investigators said Rodger was motivated to carry out his attack by a personal grievance related to his immersion in the extremist ideological subculture of men 's rights activists , who believe women do n't actually want gender equality and have been brainwashed by feminist propaganda .
A mile-long scene of carnage
Authorities said Minassian left a trail of destruction nearly a mile long , north of midtown Toronto .
“ Based on witness accounts , we have a vehicle that started north on Yonge Street from Finch ( Avenue ) and drove southbound at some point in times on sidewalks , at some point in times driving southbound in northbound lanes , ” Saunders said , adding that it appeared to be a deliberate act .
Ten people were transported to Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and two were declared dead at the hospital . Five patients there were in critical condition . Two other patients were taken to St. Michael 's Hospital , but their conditions are unknown .
‘ Scene from a war zone '
Diego DeMatos was one of the good Samaritans who tried to save victims .
DeMatos said he was driving north on Yonge when he saw the van driving fast southbound . He said he saw the van hit a man and a woman .
“ Blood started gushing out of his head , and she was bleeding really badly , too , ” DeMatos told CNN .
At first , he thought the collision was a hit-and-run . But then he noticed four to five victims on the ground as he drove a few meters further .
DeMatos said he stopped to help another victim , who was already being aided by someone .
“ I went over to try to perform CPR on him . … He died in our arms , ” DeMatos said .
“ It was like a scene from a war zone . There were garbage cans everywhere , broken bus shelters and mailboxes on the ground . ”
A dramatic arrest
Cell phone video obtained by CNN partner CTV appears to show a tense standoff with a suspect after the incident . Police have not said whether the person in the video was Minassian .
The footage appears to show a man standing in front of a white van with a damaged front bumper . The man is yelling and extending one arm , pointing an object at an officer standing behind a black car .
The officer has his weapon drawn and pointed at the man . The officer slowly steps toward him and yells “ Get down , get down ! ”
Later in the video , the man is seen on the ground and the officer is cuffing his hands behind him ; the object can be seen lying on the ground off to the side .
As for whether the suspect had a weapon , “ There 's nothing that indicates he has a gun , ” Saunders said .
Trudeau offered his condolences to the families of the victims . He thanked first responders , who he said “ faced danger without hesitation , and their efforts no doubt saved lives and prevented further injuries . ”
“ We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities , ” he said . “ We are monitoring this situation closely , and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians . ”
The film shows the relationship between the world of the audience and their thirst for erstwhile fantasies
Published 3:10 PM , March 20 , 2018
Director Cathy Garcia-Molina is currently the Philippines ' foremost crafter of escapist fantasies .
She , however , does n't peddle her works as portraits of possible realities . She 's aware that her stories are diversions to the drastically harsher lives of her film 's audience , populating her perfect love stories with women who are obviously wearing outrageous wigs , seemingly in an effort to highlight the fact that nothing in the films ' fairy tale endings can be farther from the truth .
The strangest
My Perfect You appear to be the strangest in Garcia-Molina 's filmography , even stranger than My Only Ü ( 2008 ) , which had the characters played by Vhong Navarro and Toni Gonzaga commit to a romance even in the afterlife .
What makes My Perfect You stand out is how it is n't exactly a love story but an examination of Burn , played excellently by Gerald Anderson , a man desperate for an escape from the many problems that ail his life . The film opens with him running away from his family , hurriedly driving to an unknown destination until he swerves into a ravine trying to avoid hitting a pedestrian who suddenly appears in the middle of the road . He gets out of his damaged car and finds himself in a decrepit resort managed by overeager and endlessly optimistic Abi , played by surprisingly soulful Miss Universe winner-turned-actress Pia Wurtzbach .
Just like a typical Garcia-Molina film or any other rom-com for that matter , the boy , after repelling and struggling through the many quirks of the girl , falls in love with her .
Garcia-Molina commits to the boy 's escape . While the romance definitely serves as a supplement to the film 's probe into Burn 's mental condition , she treats it as a complete narrative . She goes through the motions of the genre , allowing both Burn and Abi all the traits to make the audience root for their happy ending . She fuels the escape with gloss , humor , and verve , only to abandon it for what could be her first foray into tackling a bleaker world apart from everything about love .
Mixing mind and heart
In that sense , My Perfect You , with its conscious mix of the life of a conflicted character that is separate from a romantic escape , shows the relationship between the world of the film 's audience and their thirst for erstwhile fantasies .
It helps that the film chooses a traditional rom-com to serve as Burn 's portal to a perfect universe where he has sanity , worth , direction , and a definite goal . Romantic comedies , which have peppered local screens , have served the public by allowing them to vicariously experience lives whose only concerns are matters of the heart and are not concerned about politics and other themes .
The contrasts between the pains of Burn 's domestic life and the hopes provided by his sweet time with Abi reflect the same relationship most audiences have with the pleasures offered by all the predictable love stories that they incessantly consume .
Ode to escape
In a way , My Perfect You feels like an ode to the type of escape the films of Garcia-Molina provide .
Garcia-Molina is thankfully honest enough to admit that while escape is great , nothing beats the simple joys of the real world , with all of its beautiful flaws and chances for a better future that even the most perfect of love stories can not readily provide . – Rappler.com
Francis Joseph Cruz litigates for a living and writes about cinema for fun . The first Filipino movie he saw in the theaters was Carlo J. Caparas ' Tirad Pass . Since then , he 's been on a mission to find better memories with Philippine cinema .
May 3 MTN Group Ltd :
* Says group total revenue increased by 7.1 % with data revenues up 29.4 % year-on-year yoy )
* MTN South Africa reported a solid performance with a 4,1 % increase in service revenue
* Group subscribers decreased by 1.5 % quarter-on-quarter as result of restatements to subscriber numbers in Ghana , Rwanda and Zambi
* MTN South Africa subscribers declined in quarter on traditional seasonality , but remain committed to net additions guidance of 630000
* MTN Nigeria delivered continued positive operational momentum and reported an 11,6 % increase in qtrly total revenue Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
This year 's annual video took a new spin on the 12 days of Christmas
This is the WestJet 's sixth annual Christmas miracle video . This year they took 12 children 's wishes and turned them into reality . ( YouTube/WestJet )
What should Christmas be about ?
The response to this will constantly change depending on who is answering the question , and in WestJet 's latest Christmas Miracle video , the Canadian airline features a dozen children 's wishes for their 12 Flights of Christmas .
The video is a compilation of 12 events that were broadcast to Facebook Live and featured Blue Santa , Mrs. Claus and celebrity guests bringing surprise and delight to hundreds of WestJet guests and their families .
“ WestJet creates holiday magic for Canadians every year . This year , we asked for help from youth from St. Alban 's Boys and Girls Club , ” said Richard Bartrem , WestJet Vice-President Marketing Communications . “ Christmas , through the eyes of a child , is magical and the children gave us wonderful inspiration for surprising our guests . The best part was that the children got to be present to witness their own miracle come to life . ”
The Christmas wishes ranged from cuddling 40 puppies at Calgary International Airport to a world made of gingerbread at the Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport , to a Nutcracker performance at Winnipeg 's James Armstrong Richardson International Airport , to a life-sized snow globe at Toronto 's Pearson International Airport .
These 12 events were held on 12 consecutive days in 10 cities and one in-air flight .
Read More : A Christmas miracle for Fort Mac
Previous years have seen the company perform a Christmas miracle in Fort McMurray after families living there were devastated by a raging wildfire in May 2016 .
This marks the sixth year in a row that WestJet has surprised passengers or families during the holiday season .
ragnar.haagen @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
NASHVILLE — The Nashville Predators have acquired forward Mark McNeill from the Dallas Stars for defenceman Andrew O'Brien .
The trade was made Saturday .
The 24-year-old McNeill has five goals , one assist and 36 penalty minutes in 18 games with the American Hockey League 's Texas Stars this season . He has played in 312 AHL games since the 2011-12 season .
McNeill has played in two NHL games — one with Chicago in 2015-16 and one with Dallas in 2016-17 .
The 25-year-old O'Brien has three points and 27 penalty minutes in 21 games for the AHL 's Milwaukee Admirals this season . He has appeared in 188 career AHL regular-season games .
By The Associated Press
Hollywood actor and director Tim Robbins , a special guest at this year 's ongoing international film festival in Karlovy Vary , is due to perform there on Wednesday evening with his group , The Rogues Gallery Band .
The Academy Award-winning star of “ The Shawshank Redemption ” received the A-list Czech festival 's Crystal Globe for outstanding artistic contribution to world cinema at the opening ceremony on Monday .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Police have just begun to investigate . ( Photo source : WLOX )
Gulfport police units responded to a report of a male suffering from a gunshot wound on the 4000 block of Ponderosa Dr .
Officers report the victim has died from his injuries .
Gulfport PD on the scene of a shooting on the 4000 block of Ponderosa Drive . @ WLOX pic.twitter.com/abyxHkKddx — Desirae Duncan WLOX ( @ DesiraeWLOX ) February 3 , 2018
Police have confirmed they are currently interviewing people who were transported from the scene .
Gulfport officers responded to the incident Saturday morning . Police have just begun to investigate and are calling it an active death investigation .
We will update the story as details become available .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
After teasing about the possibility for months , former Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon confirmed she 's running for governor of New York on Monday .
“ I love New York , and today I 'm announcing my candidacy for governor . Join us , ” she tweeted alongside a two-minute video .
“ New York is my home . I 've never lived anywhere else , ” she says in the voiceover , noting that she grew up with her single mom in a one bedroom fifth-floor walkup .
“ I was given chances I just do n't see for most of New York 's kids today , ” she also said . “ Our leaders are letting us down . ”
Later in the video , she says that while she loves her home state , “ something has to change . ”
I love New York , and today I 'm announcing my candidacy for governor . Join us : https : //t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon ( @ CynthiaNixon ) March 19 , 2018
If Nixon wins , she 'll be the first openly gay woman to hold the position .
“ Women have to lead and speak up , ” Nixon told PEOPLE exclusively in March .
“ I just think we need to have more people of color and women and LGBT people not just represented — but leading , ” said the 51-year-old mom of three at the time . “ If we want to fix our world , they know what 's wrong with it because they 've been on the short end of the stick . ”
Rosie O'Donnell tweeted support for Nixon 's run just after she announced it .
“ CYNTHIA NIXON FOR GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK ! # myFULLsupport – she is one of kind – brilliant – brave bold and so smart – a true leader # Nixon4NY
CYNTHIA NIXON FOR GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK ! # myFULLsupport – she is one of kind – brilliant – brave bold and so smart – a true leader # NIXON4NY pic.twitter.com/5hSeCDzzer — ROSIE ( @ Rosie ) March 19 , 2018
The SATC alum — who has been involved in advocacy work for the LGBT community and education for more than a decade , as well as the current women 's movements — will battle current Governor Andrew M. Cuomo , who has served two terms , in the Democratic primary .
Nixon has primed herself for the fight by being a vocal critic of his educational policies .
“ Basically , Gov . Cuomo is shortchanging the children of New York State , ” she said during an April appearance on The View last year .
She accused Cuomo of being the main cause of the divide between the state 's “ richest ” and “ poorest schools . ”
Cynthia Nixon and Christine Marinoni at their wedding in 212 Laurie Rhodes
Motivated in part by having her own three children – Samantha , 20 , Charles Ezekiel , 14 , and Max Ellington , 6 – currently or previously attending public schools , Nixon has dedicated much of her time to fighting on behalf of other parents with children in the system as a spokesperson for New York 's Alliance for Quality Education ( a public school advocacy organization representing parents and communities ) .
“ I 've been involved in fighting for more equitable school funding across New York state and in New York City as well for 15 years , ” Nixon said on The View .
“ As a public school Mom and a member of the Alliance for Quality Education , Cynthia has consistently been on the front line in the fight for our public schools , ” Billy Easton , executive director of AQE , told PEOPLE in a statement in Aug. 2017 . “ She knows her way around New York State politics , is a very thoughtful and intelligent leader and brings a pizzazz that would really excite voters . ”
She 's expected to make education a centerpiece of her campaign .
“ I think there are a lot of people who would like me to run for a variety of reasons , ” Nixon told Today ‘ s Take co-hosts Al Roker , Dylan Dreyer and guest host John Cena , when she addressed the possibility of running . “ And I think the No . 1 is education . ”
Cynthia Nixon speaks at a demonstration on the steps of City Hall to protest proposed city budget cuts in 2016 Andrew Savulich/NY Daily News Archive via Getty Images
Anyone who doubted the actress 's seriousness in placing a bid has n't paid attention to the signs .
In early March she visited with Democratic strategists Bill Hyers and Rebecca Katz , who served as advisers to Cuomo 's political adversary Mayor Bill de Blasio , according to The New York Times . She 's also been studying important issues like the problems facing the New York City subway system .
Before that , she championed Bill de Blasio during his campaign for New York City mayor . When he won , she was named to the advisory board for the Mayor 's Fund to Advance New York City . Nixon also campaigned on behalf of President Obama ‘ s re-election campaign in multiple states .
“ Cynthia will make a phenomenal candidate , ” Democratic strategist and former DNC chief Donna Brazile told PEOPLE in a statement about her potential run . “ She 's wicked smart , knows the issues and has campaigned for everyone from city council to the Presidency . ”
“ If we 've learned anything during this first year of the Trump presidency , it 's that the cavalry is n't coming to save us , ” she wrote . “ We ourselves are the cavalry . In 2018 , each one of us has to do whatever we can to take the government back . If we want change , we have to go out ourselves and seize it . ”
Harvey Weinstein has responded to Uma Thurman ‘ s claims that he sexually assaulted her .
In a statement to PEOPLE , a spokesperson for the 65-year-old producer admitted that Weinstein made “ an awkward pass ” at Thurman but denied ever physically assaulting her , calling her claims “ untrue . ”
“ There was no physical contact during Mr. Weinstein 's awkward pass , ” the spokesperson said . “ Mr . Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to ‘ why ' Ms. Thurman , someone he considers a colleague and a friend , waited 25 years to make these allegations public . ”
A representative for Thurman told PEOPLE , “ The article speaks for itself . ”
Uma Thurman and Harvey Weinstein M. Caulfield/WireImage
Months after going viral for a tense interview in which she carefully declined to speak about Weinstein until she was “ ready , ” Thurman , 47 , told her story in an interview with Maureen Dowd published on The New York Times on Saturday .
There , she alleged Weinstein first whipped out his now infamous bathrobe during a meeting in his Paris hotel room during the afterglow of 1994 's Pulp Fiction , later leading her down a hallway into a steam room .
The first alleged “ attack ” happened at London 's Savoy hotel . “ It was such a bat to the head , ” she said of the alleged encounter , the exact date of which she did not give . “ He pushed me down . He tried to shove himself on me . ”
“ He tried to expose himself . He did all kinds of unpleasant things . But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me . ”
Uma Thurman and Harvey Weinstein Owen Hoffmann/Patrick McMullan/Getty Images
Weinstein 's spokesperson acknowledged the two encounters with Thurman in their statement to PEOPLE , saying that he had made “ an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals , after a flirtatious exchange in Paris , for which he immediately apologized and deeply regrets . ”
The spokesperson also said that he and Thurman “ shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together , ” with photos attached that demonstrated “ the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years . ”
“ This is the first time we are hearing that she considered Mr. Weinstein an enemy and the pictures of their history tell a completely different story , ” the spokesperson said , adding that Thurman 's Times piece was also the first time he and his representatives have heard of Thurman 's allegations . “ A more are detailed response ” would be expected “ later from Mr. Weinstein 's attorney , Ben Brafman . ”
Harvey Weinstein Andreas Rentz/Getty
Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by over 60 women including Cara Delevingne , Ashley Judd and Gwyneth Paltrow since TheNew York Times and TheNew Yorker documented decades of alleged sexual misconduct and sexual assault involving a number of women in detailed articles last fall .
Thurman has remained silent about her experience up until Saturday . When asked about her thoughts on the sexual harassment allegations against him in October , the star was visibly upset as she declined to speak in that moment .
“ I do n't have a tidy soundbite for you , because I have learned — I am not a child and I have learned that… when I 've spoken in anger , I usually regret the way I express myself , ” Thurman told Access Hollywood , carefully choosing her words . “ So I 've been waiting to feel less angry… and when I 'm ready , I 'll say what I have to say . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Uma Thurman Gives Chilling Response to Harvey Weinstein Scandal
The actress collaborated with Weinstein on seven movies , including her Oscar-nominated role in Pulp Fiction and the Kill Bill series . Late last year , she hinted at misconduct claims in an Instagram post on Thanksgiving Day where she promised she would be speaking further soon .
“ I am grateful today , to be alive , for all those I love , and for all those who have the courage to stand up for others , ” she wrote on Instagram alongside a picture of herself in Kill Bill . “ I said I was angry recently , and I have a few reasons , # metoo , in case you could n't tell by the look on my face . I feel it 's important to take your time , be fair , be exact , so… Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! ( Except you Harvey , and all your wicked conspirators – I 'm glad it 's going slowly – You do n't deserve a bullet ) -stay tuned . ”
A spokesperson for Weinstein previously told PEOPLE in a statement that “ any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein . Mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing his advances . ”
NASHVILLE — All-Pro safety Kevin Byard believes it does n't get much better for he and his Titans teammates : First learning from defensive co-ordinator Dick LeBeau and now Dean Pees .
`` Just having two legends as coaches on the defence , man , I was blessed , '' Byard said .
Now , what the Titans ' defence with look like under Pees , that remains somewhat a mystery . Neither Pees nor the Titans are sharing many , if any , details right now . Oh , there 's been talk of showing different looks on the defensive line and being consistent in coverages .
But that 's about as much as Pees is willing to share .
`` I 'd like to be more little more precise , but I really do n't want to talk about scheme particularly and what we 're doing , '' Pees said Wednesday when asked about coverage consistency .
The Titans made a change from Mike Mularkey to first-timer Mike Vrabel as head coach in January mostly to get more production from an offence led by young quarterback Marcus Mariota . Even though the Titans were the AFC 's best against the run and allowed a league-fewest five touchdowns rushing and tied for fifth in sacks , they still have plenty of room for improvement on defence .
Maybe because the Titans were so good against the run , they faced more passes than any other defence in the NFL . They also gave up the most first downs through the air last season . The Titans ranked 25th defending the pass , giving up 239.3 yards per game , and 17th in points allowed . Despite Byard intercepting eight passes , Tennessee finished with 12 interceptions overall — tied for 18th in the league .
With Pees last season , Baltimore ranked 12th in yards allowed per game . The Ravens led the NFL with 22 interceptions and also tied for 10th against the pass giving up 213.8 yards per game .
Pees , 68 , has spent the last 14 of his 45 years as a coach in the NFL . But he has n't talked with LeBeau , someone he 's always admired and wanted to have a relationship with as a coach . The new Titans co-ordinator has been busy learning his new players and installing his defensive schemes with a little more than third installed as of Wednesday .
Outside linebacker Derrick Morgan , now on his fifth head-coach with this franchise , said the defence remains primarily a 3-4 base . Each coach uses different language to describe plays , and Morgan said learning that is the biggest challenge .
April 12 Arbor Realty Trust Inc :
* Arbor Realty Trust Inc - On April 11 , 2017 , units issued $ 279,000,000 principal amount of investment grade-rated notes
* Arbor Realty Trust-proceeds of sale of notes to be used to repay borrowings under co 's current credit facilities , fund future loans and investments
* Arbor Realty Trust Inc-with issuance of notes , unit issued and sold preferred shares with a notional amount of $ 81 million to third consolidated unit of co
* Arbor Realty Trust Inc- each class of notes will mature at par on April 15 , 2027 , unless redeemed or repaid prior thereto Source text : ( bit.ly/2o7tPi1 ) Further company coverage :
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MODESTO , Calif. - 28-year-old Lisandra Corrales shot and killed her two sons , 6-year-old Pierre and 4-year-old Nathan Hurtado before shooting herself , police say . Neighbors say they are shocked and never noticed any red flags .
`` It 's so close to home . It 's very hurtful and scary at the same time , '' neighbor Arturo Arias told KTXL .
Arias said Corrales and her boys had lived at the home for about four months .
`` I always saw them content , the mother , the father , the first time I met them . The children I only saw them twice but the times that I did see them they looked happy , '' Arias told KTXL . `` We did n't notice anything strange about them . They were all content . ''
Aria says he did n't hear any commotion Sunday morning around 1:15 , when police report a family member arrived at the home and found Corrales and the boys dead .
`` Unfortunately not , '' Arias said . `` If I would have I probably would have been more curious as to what 's going on and if they needed some help try to get some help for them or anything . ''
Flowers and candles sit at the front door of the home . Now a quiet neighborhood is left wondering what signs they might have missed from their new neighbors .
`` We all have the same questions . Why ? What happened ? What could we have done to deter that ? '' Arias said . `` More friendly gatherings , something , because it really hit home , especially with the two children . Devastating . Very disturbing and sad . ''
Family members were at the home Monday loading items into trucks . KTXL spoke with the boys ' father who did not want to speak on camera but he did say that he would want the boys to know that he misses them .
BARCELONA ( Reuters ) - Catalonia 's independence movement could suffer a serious setback in elections this month , according to a poll published on Sunday , which suggests separatist parties will narrowly fail to secure a majority in the regional parliament .
People take part in a pro-independence rally for Catalonia , in Brussels , Belgium December 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yves Herman
The three parties which supported Catalonia 's frustrated push to split from Spain in October are seen as returning a total of 66 or 67 seats in the Dec. 21 election , just shy of the 68 seats they would need to control the regional parliament , according to the poll in Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia .
Unionist parties combined are also seen as falling short of an absolute majority , the poll finds , opening the door to a possible hung parliament with CatComu-Podem , the Catalan arm of the anti-austerity Podemos party , as a potential kingmaker .
Market friendly unionist party Ciudadanos and two pro-independence parties , ERC and Junts per Catalunya , the party of former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont , are in a dead heat to be the largest parliamentary force , according to the poll based on interviews between Dec. 4 and Dec. 7 .
Turnout for the election , which was forced by the central government in an effort to break the political crisis that seized the region in recent months , is predicted to reach a record 82 percent .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
April 7 Nikkei :
* Amano Corp sees to increase its operating profit 15 pct from fiscal 2016 estimate to about 15 billion yen in fiscal 2019 - Nikkei
* Amano Corp sees sales of about 140 billion yen for year ending March 2020 , up 15 pct from fiscal 2016 - Nikkei
* Amano Corp targets net profit growth for three straight years to increase dividends each year through fiscal 2019 -Nikkei Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( WKRN ) – The events just outside of Washington D.C. resonated deeply on Tennessee 's Capitol Hill with one top lawmaker calling it “ a watershed moment . ”
House Republican Leader Glen Casada was both saddened by and blunt after the shooting that happened during a congressional baseball practice early Wednesday morning .
“ It is troubling where we have reached a point in this country where if you disagree with the other party–in this case Republicans–you try to kill them , ” he told News 2 . “ We have never been there before in this nation , except in the Civil War . ”
Memphis Democrat Sen. Sara Kyle said it gave her “ pause ” because “ it makes me realize how polarized the political system is . I think its time to slow down , take a deep breath and talk to one another . ”
Previous : Rifle-wielding gunman wounds lawmaker , then killed by police
Rep. Johnny Shaw , who is also a preacher and radio station owner , brought a spiritual element into his thoughts about what happened at the ball field .
“ It says sin is rampantly moving across this nation in many ways because it 's sad that when people can not have their own personal preference about who they want to be in terms of being Republican or Democrat . That is very sad , ” said the lawmaker .
Rep. Shaw also brought up the issues of gun control .
“ I am all for carrying weapons legally . I am for owning weapons , ” he added , “ but we need to be careful as to how we let people own these high-powerful guns . They are outgunning the police . ”
Rep. Casada saw the shooting differently .
“ This is why I and my Republican peers are strong advocates of the Second Amendment , ” said Rep. Casada . “ You need to protect yourself from this kind of people because they walk through the laws that restrict gun ownership . ”
In charge of protecting those lawmakers on Tennessee 's Capitol Hill is Capt . Tommy Fyke of the Tennessee Highway Patrol 's Protective Services Division
Previous : ‘ We were like sitting ducks , ' Rep. Fleischmann in shock after shooting
“ We stay on a heightened alert all the time all the time. ” Capt . Fyke told News 2 . “ It 's just our job . We are always looking for that unknown . ”
Captain Fyke was among those watching the events of the shooting unfold with his heart going out the victims , but he brings a different eye to politicians being targeted .
“ We are constantly scanning the crowd , wherever we may be , whether it 's a ball game or hockey game . Wherever we go with our elected officials , ” he said Wednesday in the hallways of the capitol .
The captain told us his troopers have worked with the nation 's capitol hill security when someone like the governor goes to Washington , or someone like House Speaker Paul Ryan comes to Tennessee like he quietly did recently .
There is always training for that unknown says Capt . Fyke , “ because it could happen at any given time . ”
April 12 ( Reuters ) -
* Bank of Canada 's Poloz tells BNN there 's too much uncertainty , it 's a little too soon to make conclusion on interest rates
* Bank of Canada 's Poloz : trade has very little to do with level of exchange rate , more to do with demand
* Bank of Canada 's Poloz : need to see firm creation , which is not happening at very good rate Further coverage : ( Reporting By Leah Schnurr )
HONG KONG , April 5 ( IFR ) - Activity picked up in Asian credit markets on Wednesday as Hong Kong and mainland China resumed trading following a holiday break , but overall spreads stayed almost flat .
`` We saw some real money clients buying into 10-year benchmark names today , yet overall spreads did not move much and traded around the level of Monday , '' said a Hong Kong-based investment-grade credit trader .
The Asia ex-Japan iTraxx investment-grade index was 0.1bp tighter at 93.5bp/95bp .
Sinopec 's 2026s were spotted around 3bp wider as the state-owned Chinese oil producer was marketing a multi-tranche US dollar bond offering today , noted a trader with a Chinese bank .
CK Hutchison 's recent 2027 bonds were seen 2bp wider at Treasuries plus 117bp , while its 2022s were 1bp wider at Treasuries plus 96bp .
In high yield , China Hongqiao Group 's 2017s and 2018s remained under pressure , dropping by half a point , while Indika Energy 's new 2022s were bid at around reoffer price .
( Reporting by Ina Zhou ; Editing by Vincent Baby )
“ We see that the films or the projects from these countries need some push . They need to be elevated , they need to be noticed .
“ As a festival we can do that through premieres .
“ But we can also do it by showing the projects in an unfinished moment , when they are still looking for some partners that could pitch in some money , that would be able to co-produce , etc .
“ Our goal is to bring and select and curate these projects and then of course show them , present them and offer space for meetings where industry people can discuss how they can help the projects if they find them interesting . ”
How do you select the projects to give this help to ?
“ It 's a process similar to how we select films for our premieres : We have an open call for submissions , we try to establish some motivation for these projects to come to Karlovy Vary – in our case it 's the awards we give to the most promising ones .
“ Then out of the big chunk of submissions , we carefully curate and carefully put together a presentation that is well representative of the region , that 's also diverse in approaches to filmmaking and that can bring about some interest . ”
When you give grants , where do you get the money that you 're giving ?
“ We have sponsors , of course , who are kindly helping with some in-kind services .
“ For example , in our works in progress , which are films in the stage of post-production , meaning they still need some colour grading or sound mix , we actually deal with companies in the Czech Republic that offer these in-kind services .
“ I can name them : it 's UPP and Sound Square .
“ We also offer some cash awards that allow for the film to be really finished .
“ So it 's nice form of synergy in actually helping a film . ”
What do you find personally most rewarding about your job as head of the Film Industry Office ?
“ I would say the joy you see when people have successfully presented their work .
“ And the fact that you know that you are helping them further , that the industry starts talking about them .
“ That brings me personal joy , because with every film there is so much work behind it .
“ Some are made and some do n't get that chance .
“ It 's just beautiful to see the smiles on the faces – that motivates me the most .
“ Especially in a territory like Central and Eastern Europe , where making films , and art house films especially , is super difficult . ”
The Killers have released a new single titled “ The Man . ”
Related : The Killers Perform New Track , ‘ Run for Cover '
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born ( assuming you do n't count their 2016 Christmas album Do n't Waste Your Wishes ) . Hopefully , this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent .
Check out the latest from The Killers below .
Live uninterrupted coverage of the Guinness Pro 14 Ulster v Connacht Rugby Live from Ravenhill in Belfast .
Kick off at 19:35 , our online pre match online broadcast starts at 19:00 .
Our Commentary Team today will be Rob Murphy , with Alan Deegan and William Davies on Co commentary . Linley McKenzie joins us for pre-game show from 7pm .
Squad Update ahead of clash with Ulster
Out medical team have issued the following update ahead of the clash with Ulster on Friday ( K.O . 7.35pm )
Lock :
Andrew Browne is rehabilitating from an achilles tendon injury and will be out of action for a number of weeks .
James Cannon has returned to training with the squad this week following his thigh injury .
Back Row :
Naulia Dawai will return to training with the squad this week following his hamstring injury .
Jake Heenan injured his knee in the game versus Scarlets and will see a specialist this week to determine the extent of the injury .
Sean O'Brien is recovering following shoulder surgery and will be out of action until early 2018 .
Scrum-half :
James Mitchell has progressed well with his shoulder injury and will integrate into training with the squad this week .
Centre :
Peter Robb is rehabilitating from recent hip surgery and will be out of action until December .
Back Three :
Niyi Adeolokun has integrated into training with the squad this week following his knee surgery in the off-season .
Matt Healy has returned to training with the squad this week following his groin injury .
Less than half of 14 billion crowqns allotted between the years 2011 – 2016 for the renovation and modernization of the country 's public universities were used up , according to the Supreme Audit Office . In its audit , the bureau reported that the Education Ministry , which oversaw the program , did not have a proper overview over how the funds spent improving infrastructure had helped . The ministry said that it did not agree with the findings and said it was conducting its own assessment of the subsidies program .
( Adds quotes )
PARIS , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Nantes manager Claudio Ranieri suffered a second straight defeat on his return to Ligue 1 as the Italian 's injury-ravaged team were beaten 1-0 at home by Olympique de Marseille who scored a late goal to snatch the points on Saturday .
Marseille 's Argentine Lucas Ocampos , back from loan spells at Genoa and AC Milan , scored the only goal three minutes from time to hand Marseille their second victory of the season .
Ranieri , back in France after coaching Greece and taking unsung Leicester City to a surprise Premier League title in 2016 , had very few options as within the space of 20 minutes , the Canaries lost three players to injuries .
Samuel Moutoussamy , Valentin Rongier and Yacine Bammou all had to come off in the first half .
`` It 's the first time it 's happened to me in my whole career , '' said Ranieri .
`` We 're not that lucky . But the substitutes did well and the fans were great . We can only improve . ''
Marseille dominated but Nantes ' debutant goalkeeper Ciprian Tatarusanu made a couple of good saves to deny Florian Thauvin and Valere Germain .
The hosts had a good chance on the hour but Marseille keeper Steve Mandanda saved Diego Carlos 's attempt with his feet .
In the 87th minute , second-half substitute Ocampos latched on to a cross from Thauvin to give Marseille all three points .
The Provence side are second in the standings on six points , behind Olympique Lyonnais on goal difference , while Nantes are second from bottom after their two defeats . ( Reporting by Julien Pretot ; Editing by Ken Ferris , Neville Dalton )
Over Memorial Day Weekend in 2018 , photos of Lili Reinhart circulated on social media — with fans wondering whether the Riverdale star might be expecting . That 's when Reinhart took matters into her own hands . “ It 's unfortunate that one unflattering photo of my stomach circulating the internet causes hundreds of people to think that I 'm pregnant , ” she wrote on Instagram . “ Nope . Not pregnant . ”
Reinhart continued , “ This is just my body . And sometimes I 'm bloated . Sometimes and unflattering photo is taken of me . Sometimes I go through periods of time where I gain weight . ”
“ My body is something that I will NEVER apologize for , ” Reinhart added . “ My body will constantly go through change . And so will yours . And that 's fine . So let 's not put so much time and effort into caring about a stranger 's figure . ”
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Blackstone Group LP President Tony James said on Thursday the future of the Thomson Reuters Financial and Risk business is in selling data , not in selling terminal desktop products to traders , bankers and investors .
“ We 're big believers in data and that 's certainly a driver behind the Thomson Reuters business , ” James said in a call with analysts after Blackstone 's fourth-quarter earnings , when asked how the firm was looking at opportunities in data technology and how it might expand its expertise in that area .
“ The most valuable part of that business by far is the data part . The terminals are the legacy business for which people think of them but that 's not where the future of that company is , ” said James , without giving any further details .
FILE PHOTO -- The ticker and trading information for Blackstone Group is displayed at the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) April 4 , 2016 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Blackstone this week agreed to buy a majority stake in Thomson Reuters Corp 's F & R division , putting the U.S. private equity firm at the heart of Wall Street 's financial information industry , where Thomson Reuters competes against privately-held Bloomberg in providing bankers and investors with news , data and analytics .
In an interview after Reuters published James ' comments , Martin Brand , the Blackstone executive who led the acquisition of the Thomson Reuters F & R unit , said that Blackstone wanted to improve all parts of that business , including the Eikon platform , F & R 's flagship desktop product .
“ The data feeds are faster growing . At the same time , we 're fully committed to investing significantly behind Eikon and view it as a business we 're excited about , ” he said .
Reuters News will remain a unit of Thomson Reuters Corp .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
VOL . 41 | NO . 6 | Friday , February 10 , 2017
NASHVILLE ( AP ) — Authorities say a Clarksville woman has been charged with stealing nearly a half-million dollars from a church where she worked .
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Tuesday that Connie Parker has been arrested on a charge of one count of theft over $ 250,000 . She was being held Tuesday in the Montgomery County Jail on $ 50,000 bond . It was not immediately clear if she had a lawyer .
According to the TBI , agents found that Parker stole about $ 498,000 while serving as treasurer of First Presbyterian Church in Clarksville from 2010 to 2016 .
Investigators say Parker manipulated accounting reports to hide the alleged theft . She no longer works for the church .
A Genoa Township man currently on death row lost his final appeal Monday after the U.S. Supreme Court announced it would not be hearing his case .
Gerald Robert Hand , 67 , is currently incarcerated in the Chillicothe Correctional Institution , where he has been since June 24 , 2003 , shortly after he was convicted of two aggravated murder charges and sentenced to death for murdering his wife and a friend .
Hand was originally scheduled to be executed on Sept. 8 , 2003 , but has been appealing the verdict since his conviction .
His latest appeal , filed with the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in April 2016 , alleges that there were several constitutional violations in the case . The alleged violations include : the court failing to adequately question jurors about news coverage of the trial ; Hand 's attorney failing to present expert psychological testimony at sentencing ; and the jury convicted Hand based on insufficient evidence .
A hearing was held before the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals on Jan. 26 , and on Sept. 8 , the court issued a ruling in the matter , denying Hand 's petition .
Hand then appealed to the court , asking for a new rehearing before the full court of appeals . On Oct. 18 , the Sixth Circuit denied that petition for a new hearing .
Hand 's attorney then filed a petition to hear the case with the U.S. Supreme Court on Jan. 12 , and on Monday , the court declined to accept the case .
With no remaining appeals , the county prosecutor can now ask the Ohio Supreme Court to set a new date of execution .
No date had been set Monday afternoon .
The case was prosecuted by then-Delaware County Prosecutor Dave Yost and assistant county prosecutors David Gormley and Marianne Hemmeter .
During the trial , prosecutors alleged that Hand was responsible for the shooting deaths of his fourth wife , Jill Hand , 58 , and his longtime friend and employee , Walter “ Lonnie ” Welch , 55 , at Hand 's home in Genoa Township on Jan. 15 , 2002 .
Hand told police that an intruder entered his home and shot Jill . Hand said he picked up two pistols and shot at the intruder not realizing it was Welch . Police found Welch 's body in the driveway of a neighbor 's house and reported he had been shot several times in the face , chest and back .
Prosecutors contended that Hand conspired with Welch to kill Jill Hand for life insurance money and double-crossed Welch on Jan. 15 . Prosecutors said Hand killed Welch to silence him about their plot to kill Jill Hand and two of Hand 's previous wives . Prosecutors said that on Jan. 15 , Hand killed his wife , then waited for Welch to arrive before killing him .
One of Hand 's previous wives , Donna , was found strangled in the basement of the Hand 's home in Columbus in 1976 . Lori Hand , Gerald 's next wife , was found murdered in a similar fashion three years later . Prosecutors said Hand paid Welch to commit the murders .
Hand had alibis for the 1970s murders and was never charged .
“ This defendant is either the most unlucky man that any of you will ever see . A man who has , through no fault of his own , lost three of his wives to random acts of murder , or he is instead a vicious killer whose quest for financial gain has led directly to the deaths of those three wives , ” Gormley told the jurors at the time , according to a story that appeared in The Gazette .
The Gazette reported in 2003 that there were more than 300 exhibits and more than 60 witnesses in the case . The jury returned a guilty verdict on two counts of aggravated murder , three counts of conspiracy to commit murder , and one count of attempted escape .
The trial lasted four weeks , and the jury deliberated for eight hours . Hand was sentenced to death on June 4 , 2003 .
It was the first death row case in Delaware County since 1987 .
Hand http : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/04/web1_gerald-hand.jpg Hand
By Glenn Battishill gbattishill @ aimmediamidwest.com
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
April 3 Electrolux
* Says MaryKay Kopf , Chief Marketing Officer and member of group management , has decided to leave her position , effective May 1
* Says appointed Lars Hygrell , currently Senior Vice President Marketing and Brands within the business area Major Appliances Europe , Middle East and Africa , as her successor Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Stockholm Newsroom )
Oh , wedding season . Every year around summer time , everyone and their mother becomes inundated with “ I 'm so happy I get to marry my best friend ! ” tributes and an endless stream of wedding pictures that are reminiscent of the Kardashian-Jenner family 's go-to photo booth . It 's all so expected .
That 's exactly why we 're turning to these brides , hailing from all over the world , who bring a refreshing ( read : extra ) take on the monotonous traditions we 've been subjected to since that one time our parents dragged us to a very distant relative 's never-ending party . ( We 've all been there , right ? )
Crack open the almost-stale Jordan almonds you got at your cousin 's bash two years ago , and let 's take a look at those very trends , shall we ?
Lebanon : Floating Into a Wedding Ceremony
What 's happening ? A bride in Lebanon decided to make the ultimate entrance with the help of balloons and a harness . She gracefully landed next to her father , who walked her the rest of the way down the aisle .
How extra is this , really ? Pretty freakin ' extra . Her frenemies probably hate her for dreaming up such a unique entrance , and that 's okay . # TeamBride
We ca n't help but ask : Did the groom have any idea this was going to happen ? What was he thinking while all of this was going down ?
China : Flying Veils
So the latest Chinese wedding trend involves a flying veil that falls from the sky onto the bride and it 's extremely extra https : //t.co/Z81dTYRDV3 pic.twitter.com/VDeYutImvH — Kassy Cho ( @ kassyapple ) April 4 , 2018
What 's happening ? Magic does exist . This bride can be seen walking down the aisle sans veil until suddenly stopping midway , only for a veil to gently make its way down from the ceiling and onto her head like it 's NBD .
How extra is this , really ? It 's more wow-worthy than anything .
We ca n't help but ask : But how does it all work ? ! Turns out this bride has ceiling rails and weights to thank for the mesmerizing magic trick ( because that 's exactly what it looks like to us : a beautiful , majestic magic trick ) .
Australia : Life-size Bride Wedding Cakes
What 's happening ? Some brides ( not just in Australia ) are requesting life-size wedding cakes inspired by their gowns for their big day .
How extra is this , really ? Very . But hey , it 's a pretty good way for people to appreciate your wedding-day style , even if you 're not physically in the room .
We ca n't help but ask : How long does it take for a cake this big to be eaten in its entirety ?
Canada : Exchanging Vows While Bungee Jumping
What 's happening ? Yulia and Briany make things official in a ceremony only serious thrill-seekers would want to replicate : taking a 160-ft. plunge toward the Cheakamus River in Whistler .
How extra is this , really ? Particularly extra for those deathly afraid of heights .
We ca n't help but ask : Are vows exchanged before or after ?
America : Dancing Down the Aisle
What 's happening ? Instead of slowly walking down the aisle to sentimental music , some wedding parties ( traditionally in Guatemala ) are choosing to dance their hearts out as they enthusiastically make their way toward the altar . Just ask Minnesota natives Jill and Kevin , whose video depicting just that went viral in 2009 .
How extra is this , really ? We can see how this entrance could be jarring to guests who were expecting more harp-playing and much less Chris Brown .
We ca n't help but ask : What did their more conservative guests think ?
Japan : Having a Robot Officiant
What 's happening ? In a move that might have made their grandparents look at them real funny , this Japanese couple hired a robot to officiate their big day . It was n't entirely random , however , considering this pair already shared an interest in robots . That 's true love .
How extra is this , really ? Just a tad , but it has less to do with the actual robot and more to do with its flower crown .
We ca n't help but ask : Did the robot get down at the reception ?
KNOXVILLE – The Knoxville Police Department is searching for three suspects in an attempted carjacking Sunday night .
Knox County dispatch said the incident happened at the Weigles on North Cherry Street around 10:35 p.m .
Police have not yet given a description of the suspects . and no further details are available .
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA , June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey 's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
It was a night that never let up in the big moments , as though they truly wanted to reestablish the prestige of the Rumble as an event
Published 6:52 PM , February 03 , 2018
PHILADELPHIA , USA – You 're not reading the headline wrong . And if you 've already seen it , you 'll agree , because for the first time in a long time , the WWE gave their fans something they wanted .
Good things came in threes last Monday morning , January 29 , Manila time . Up until this year , the Royal Rumble was pretty much a 30-man spectacle that drew fans in for the sake of the spectacle ; it was a way for the company to force its own chosen heroes – people the fans did n't necessarily like , or at least favor to win the whole thing – down the crowd 's throats .
Instead , not only did we get another Royal Rumble match that empowered the women , but we also got winners nobody can malign in Japanese stars Shinsuke Nakamura and Asuka , and we also got a huge surprise in the debut of former UFC fighter Ronda Rousey . It was a night that never let up in the big moments , as though they truly wanted to reestablish the prestige of the Rumble as an event .
Asuka was pretty much a shoo-in to win thanks to her dominant showing in her entire WWE career thus far , but Nakamura 's victory was more surprising given the wide-open field that was the men 's Royal Rumble match . There was little indication that the Rockstar would even be a favorite , given his rather ambivalent direction on SmackDown Live at the moment . Of course , the Rumble is where anything can happen and where careers can be made because it 's the soft reset for WrestleMania .
Beyond the choice of winners , however , both Royal Rumble matches have to be commended for how good they were as matches . I mentioned that the Rumble is usually a 30-man spectacle , and half the joy is figuring out who 's coming down—you do n't normally tune in and expect a 5-star classic , but boy , did this year 's match set the bar high for future iterations . Small stories were satisfyingly told with many of the wrestlers , and the eventual result was earned by some good action .
For the women , around half of the Royal Rumble participants were WWE alumnae from the past decade , such as Molly Holly , Jacqueline Moore ( who 's also a former WWE Cruiserweight Champion ) , Kelly Kelly , Torrie Wilson , Lita , Michelle McCool , and the most popular of them all , Trish Stratus . Even though nobody thought they had any chance to win against the current crop of women , their inclusion in this Rumble is an overt gesture of gratitude to them for helping pave the way – and in some instances , an apology of sorts to the women who were truly good wrestlers of their time , a time that saw them more as eye candy than actual competitors .
And speaking of surprises , the men 's Rumble kept them to a limit , but did they deliver . You had two NXT guys in Adam Cole and current NXT Champion Andrade `` Cien '' Almas , both good choices to represent the brand , and a couple of truly shocking returns in The Hurricane and Rey Mysterio . Yes , Rey Mysterio , who 's so far in a one-off appearance for the Rumble , but is in negotiations for more . Here 's hoping we see more of him either on SmackDown Live or 205 Live .
Now , the challenger to the WWE Universal Championship will be decided at the Elimination Chamber this month , as I predicted heading into the Rumble . It 's most probably going to be Roman Reigns . Meanwhile , Shinsuke Nakamura is set to take on AJ Styles , even when Sami Zayn and Kevin Owens try to be a thorn in the Phenomenal One 's side . I 'd actually take a fatal 4-way match between all of them just out of how insane that would be and to reward Zayn and Owens ' tremendous work so far , but Nakamura deserves this moment .
In fact , Nakamura needs this as a proving ground for us to see whether he could finally step up and take ownership of the SmackDown brand . It 's no secret that Nakamura tends to mail it in when he seems to feel that the program is beneath him , like in his matches with Jinder Mahal last year , so this has to be good enough as an incentive for him to step up . Only time will tell , but if we go by Styles and Nakamura 's epic performance at Wrestle Kingdom 10 , then we should n't be disappointed .
A new cruiserweight tournament
Since Enzo Amore 's firing last week after RAW 25 , the WWE Cruiserweight Championship is in a state of limbo , and 205 Live wasted no time hitting two birds with one stone addressing this issue . First , they got themselves a new General Manager in Drake Maverick , formerly known as Rockstar Spud of Impact Wrestling . Then Maverick announced a huge 16-man tournament for the vacant championship , with the finals happening at WrestleMania 34 in New Orleans .
This is pretty much this year 's iteration of the Cruiserweight Classic , and going by how the cruiserweights wrestled in the tournament , then it 's going to be hot every week . The tournament already began this week with Cedric Alexander and former Cruiserweight Champion TJP advancing to the second round in some pretty solid matches , so if you want some good wrestling , go do yourself a favor and watch this week 's episode .
* * * * *
Do you listen to podcasts ? Would you want to listen to a local podcast about pro wrestling ? If the answers to those questions – especially that last one – are yes , then you should check out the cleverly-named Smark Gilas-Pilipinas Podcast , featuring PWR General Manager Stan Sy , wrestling writer and Wrestling God Romeo Moran , and all-around multimedia person and former voice of PWR Raf Camus ! On their latest episode , current PWR champion Ralph Imabayashi is back on the show after two years to discuss many things and tell many stories ! Listen to it here !
– Rappler.com
Hopefully you 're still in the hunt for a fantasy championship going into the Week 15 semifinals in most leagues .
This week , strategy again plays a major part in your decision-making as you consider players who are n't slam-dunk superstars .
Someone like Mike Evans of Tampa Bay . He was likely drafted in the first round of your league this season as he was a top five wide receiver coming into the year . He has n't played like a first-round WR , though , and does n't have a 100-yard game this season . He only has four touchdowns and is only averaging 59 yards and four receptions per game .
Those are n't must-start numbers . Even if it does n't feel good , a player 's draft position means little to nothing once the draft is over — you need to start your best players now , not as you saw them in September .
Here are some waiver pickups to consider as your decisions tighten :
DESHONE KIZER , QB , Cleveland Browns ( 10 per cent )
It 's amazing how much better a quarterback will look when he has legitimate options around him . The return of Josh Gordon has added some spice to the Cleveland offence and while you would have to be extremely desperate to start Kizer , he 's not out of the equation in leagues in which you can start two quarterbacks .
NICK FOLES , QB , Philadelphia Eagles ( 1 per cent )
His inclusion is all about the knee injury to Carson Wentz . The Eagles still have one of the best offences in the NFL and it 's not like Foles is some wide-eyed rookie . He has started more than 30 NFL games and has a fantastic fantasy schedule over the next three weeks as the Eagles play at the Giants before finishing up the season at home versus the Raiders and Cowboys . These are far from elite NFL defences . This is also a situation where it would n't be a bad idea to play defence . If your opponent has Wentz or a lesser QB , you may want to claim Foles just to keep said opponent from becoming a better team .
ROD SMITH , RB , Dallas Cowboys ( 28 per cent )
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $ 0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017 , compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
April 5 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Family Circle Cup Women 's Singles matches on Tuesday Round 2 6-Samantha Stosur ( Australia ) beat Jelena Jankovic ( Serbia ) 6-1 6-3 Round 1 Annika Beck ( Germany ) beat Louisa Chirico ( U.S. ) 6-0 3-0 ( Chirico retired ) Sara Errani ( Italy ) beat Grace Min ( U.S. ) 6-1 6-1 Bethanie Mattek-Sands ( U.S. ) beat Sofia Kenin ( U.S. ) 6-4 6-4 10-Irina Begu ( Romania ) beat Cagla Buyukakcay ( Turkey ) 6-0 6-0 13-Zhang Shuai ( China ) beat Misaki Doi ( Japan ) 6-2 6-1 11-Mirjana Lucic-Baroni ( Croatia ) beat Aleksandra Krunic ( Serbia ) 6-1 4-6 6-3 Shelby Rogers ( U.S. ) beat Veronica Cepede Royg ( Paraguay ) 6-7 ( 1 ) 6-3 7-6 ( 6 ) Fanny Stollar ( Hungary ) beat Asia Muhammad ( U.S. ) 6-3 7-5 Anastasia Rodionova ( Australia ) beat Duan Yingying ( China ) 7-6 ( 3 ) 6-1 Kristina Kucova ( Slovakia ) beat Silvia Soler Espinosa ( Spain ) 5-7 7-5 7-6 ( 2 ) Magda Linette ( Poland ) beat 12-Yulia Putintseva ( Kazakhstan ) 4-6 6-2 6-4 Maria Sakkari ( Greece ) beat 14-Lauren Davis ( U.S. ) 7-5 6-4 Mona Barthel ( Germany ) beat Jennifer Brady ( U.S. ) 7-5 6-4 Darya Kasatkina ( Russia ) beat Danka Kovinic ( Montenegro ) 6-1 6-2 15-Lucie Safarova ( Czech Republic ) beat Varvara Lepchenko ( U.S. ) 7-5 6-7 ( 6 ) 6-3
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIDDLESEX COUNTY , Va. -- Russell Keller cringes daily when he drives down Syringa Road ( Route 624 ) to get home in Middlesex County .
“ The great big trucks to the small vehicles , everybody travels down this road , ” said Keller .
Keller said the problem is the crumbling road , which can make driving very dangerous .
“ The roads are too skinny and there are big drop offs on the side , ” said Keller . “ When cars are coming , you end up getting over a little bit and you hit one of the crumbling edges and you swerve into the ditch . ”
Keller and other neighbors say crumbling edges on the road have left noticeable gaps between the road and their mailboxes .
It 's a safety issue he says he 's tried many times to get VDOT to repave the road .
Keller said nothing has happened since the last time he reported the issue six months ago .
“ They gave me a confirmation number… Never heard from them since , ” he said .
He said now the bumpy crumbling road is also bringing problems with the U.S . Postal Service .
“ First of all , the mail lady… She 's leaving letters in boxes saying if we do n't get it fixed , then we wo n't get mail in our boxes anymore . ”
CBS 6 Problem Solvers were at Keller 's home when the mail carrier pulled up . She told us about the road concerns firsthand .
“ Yeah , this is the most dangerous road I go down , ” she said . “ The curving and you ai n't got a shoulder . ”
“ The safety thing , the problems with everybody 's vehicles ... Something needs to be done . It needs to be done now , ” said Keller . “ As we 're talking the road is eroding away . ”
CBS 6 Problem Solver Shelby Brown contacted VDOT about Syringa Road .
A spokesperson said they were on his road as recently as last week repairing potholes along the shoulder . The agency also said they have plans to restore the edge line during spring time maintenance .
But neighbors said they wo n't be satisfied until a complete repaving is done .
A VDOT spokesperson said in 2015 they did repave Syringa Road ( Route 624 ) using asphalt and compressed stone . They said that was to repair the cracks in the road as well as to make for a smooth travel surface .
CBS 6 News is working for you . Click here to email a tip to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers . Be sure to leave us your name , phone number and detailed description of the problem . You can also leave a message by calling 804-254-3672 .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
GUATEMALA CITY A judge this week ordered former Guatemalan dictator Efrian Rios Montt to stand for a second trial on genocide charges , this time for the deaths of some 200 people in the 1982 Dos Erres Massacre , human rights authorities said on Friday .
The 90-year-old Montt is facing another trial for genocide in a separate case involving the Mayan Ixil population , which has been delayed repeatedly by his defence team . In August 2015 , the former leader was declared medically unfit to face a standard trial .
Judge Claudette Domínguez still has to select a date for the second trial to begin .
The Dos Erres massacre , which took place over three days in December 1982 , was the work of a counterinsurgency unit known as the Kaibiles in the rural village of Dos Erres in northern Guatemala . The soldiers shot , strangled and bludgeoned the villagers to death with sledgehammers , and one admitted to throwing a baby into the village well .
In 1994 , forensic anthropologists found the remains of 162 bodies in the well , including 67 children less than 12 years old .
The case , one of the most gruesome during the country 's bloody 36-year civil war , led to the sentencing of four soldiers to 6,060 years each in 2011 .
( Reporting by Bill Barreto in Guatemala City ; Writing by Dan Freed in Mexico City ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
April 20 Pincon Spirit Ltd
* Says monthly production capacity of Asansol unit of company has been increased from 1.2 mln bottles to 4 mln bottles
* Says auto line has also been installed which will help to boost market penetration in south Bengal Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASTLE ROCK , Colo. -- Sex parties hosted in one of the Denver area 's nicest communities are angering neighbors who say it 's time to take action .
Residents on Avery Way in Castle Rock say organized sex parties at one home are causing parking problems and noise , but they are most concerned with the sexual nature of the events and any exposure to children , according to KDVR .
One neighbor , who declined to provide her full identity , said she received a copy of a party invitation from an anonymous person who is concerned about the events .
It shows 400 guests were invited with 87 people , including 35 couples , sending a 'yes ' RSVP .
`` I think it is disgusting , '' she said .
The invitation references the 'Thunderstorm Play Palace ' and boasts a 7,500-square-foot dwelling with every amenity , including alcohol , food ( complete with a vegetarian menu ) and chocolate fountain .
The risque invitation also advises guests to bring their own condoms and show respect for the `` new furniture . ''
The neighbor described guests as being from all walks of life .
`` Some of them are so old that they struggled walking up the stairs , '' the neighbor told KDVR .
She adds the attendees even brought their own festive refreshments .
`` ( One ) had four crockpots showing up like they 're going to a Bunko party or something , '' the neighbor said .
The invitation showed donations are taken at the door , $ 70 for couples and single men and $ 20 for women .
The party organizer does not want to reveal his identity but said he is the victim in the controversy .
`` There was significant harassment so far I 've received from the neighbors , '' he told KDVR .
He said neighbors tried to block his driveway with trash cans and a guest 's car was keyed , resulting in expensive damage .
The party organizer , who is a father and husband , said he understands his neighbors ' concerns and has made efforts to conceal anything that might be offensive .
`` There are no open areas you can see outside to have the children or anyone sees what they do n't want to see , '' he said .
He said he has also installed sound-proofing in the home with close attention paid to the basement windows .
Still , neighbors say they can hear disturbing sounds coming from the home , sounds they do n't want their children exposed to .
`` You can hear people doing what they 're doing , '' one resident said .
The Castle Rock Police Department said it is working with the neighborhood HOA and city officials to investigate the issue , but the party organizer is not breaking the law because he is only taking donations and the events are contained to the privacy of his home .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
* Public services under strain after refugee influx
* Waste processing plant expected to relieve some pressure
* Lebanon to ask EU for aid next week
By Ellen Francis
BAR ELIAS , LEBANON , March 31 At the entrance of a rural town in Lebanon 's Bekaa valley , a blue sign says `` Welcome to Bar Elias , population 50,000 '' but in the past six years , that number has more than doubled with Syrians seeking shelter from the war across the border .
`` They are our guests , '' said Mayor Mawas Araji . `` But we do n't have the capacity to serve them as we should . ''
The refugee crisis has drained public services in the historically poor area in Lebanon 's farming heartland , Araji said . Yet perhaps the most glaring strain has been the garbage mountain rising among the hills , or the open water canals overwflowing with trash in the winter .
With the influx of people , Bar Elias now handles 40 extra tonnes of refuse every day , in a country that already had no national waste disposal plan .
Since the Syrian conflict began in 2011 , at least 1.5 million people have poured into Lebanon - around a quarter of the country 's population - where most languish in severe poverty .
Makeshift settlements have popped up all around the country as the Lebanese government has long rejected setting up refugee camps .
To stem the flow of Syrians making the perilous journey to Europe by boat , the European Union has funneled billions into Syria 's neighbouring countries , giving Lebanon 147 million euros between 2014 and 2016 .
For government officials , the need for foreign funding is clear in cases like Bar Elias , where aid groups have warned of dire environmental hazards . The EU funded a 4.5-million euro waste management facility set to open next month in the town , around 12 km from the Syrian border .
The massive hangar will process 150 tonnes of waste daily from Bar Elias and two nearby towns , creating several jobs , Araji said . `` For us , this was a dream . ''
GARBAGE ON TOP OF GARBAGE
Nestled between the fields of Bar Elias , Hassan Ibrahim , 62 , lives amid hundreds of cramped tents pitched haphazardly in the mud .
`` We 've appointed someone here to collect the garbage ... so when the municipality comes , everything is ready , '' said Ibrahim , who escaped shelling in Aleppo five years ago .
But in another makeshift camp a few streets away , Maamar al-Alawi seems less cheerful . Across from her tent , a large cesspit is brimming with sewage water and rubbish .
During heavy rainfall , the gutters also spill over with floating plastic bags .
`` It 's all garbage on top of garbage , '' said al-Alawi , who cleans around her family 's spot every day in vain . `` You go into the tent , and it stinks . ''
As well as the dangers of open dumpsites and burning waste , trash also often fills irrigation canals that feed nearby vegetable fields , according to the EU-funded agency that designed the Bar Elias facility .
Lebanon has been plagued by a waste disposal crisis , regardless of refugees , with politicians repeatedly failing to agree a solution , sparking several mass protests in recent years .
MASTER PLAN
On a recent visit to the Bekaa , European Commissioner Johannes Hahn said the EU was `` trying to do our best to resolve the Syrian crisis '' .
`` But I 'm a realistic man , '' he added . `` And I have to do first things first '' by helping fill Lebanon 's shortages .
The new Bar Elias facility represents a prototype that should become part of broader national plans for development , said Ziad el-Sayegh , senior national policy advisor for Lebanon 's ministry of the displaced .
Ministries had been putting together a `` master plan for all the infrastruce '' but could not undertake it without outside support , he said .
`` The government has an enormous deficit , and then on top of that , add the weight of the refugee crisis , '' Sayegh said .
Lebanese officials will take their vision for such a plan to Brussels next week , highlighting how the refugee crisis has strained Lebanon 's already crumbling infrastructure .
Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri , who has been trying to drag Lebanon out of insitutional paralysis since he was appointed in November , said the plan would `` equally benefit Lebanese citizens and displaced Syrians '' . ( Reporting by Ellen Francis ; Editing by Julia Glover )
WASHINGTON— Former Republican presidential candidate and U.S. Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole is home from the hospitalized . On September 13 , doctors hospitalized the 94-year-old Dole at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center outside Washington , D.C. for low blood pressure
Dole 's wife , former North Carolina Sen. Elizabeth Dole , tweeted a request for prayers . He then tweeted that he hopes to be home in a few days , “ sipping a cosmo . ”
Happy to be home . Cheers to all the well wishers , care givers and staff at Walter Reed for taking good care of me . # cosmotime pic.twitter.com/BSpkuP0Hiu — Senator Bob Dole ( @ SenatorDole ) October 5 , 2017
Welcome home Bob , with barks and hugs ! – EHD pic.twitter.com/9z4VEOT6sI — Dole Foundation ( @ DoleFoundation ) October 5 , 2017
Dole served in Congress for 35 years . He left the Senate in 1996 for his campaign against President Bill Clinton . Congress recently voted to award him a Congressional Gold Medal .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
Katy Perry and Ed Sheeran will take the stage at the 2017 iHeartRadio Music Awards .
The star-studded slate of performers was announced on Wednesday , and among those included in the ceremony 's lineup are Perry , Sheeran , Shawn Mendes , Thomas Rhett and Big Sean .
Joining them will be newcomer — and Miley Cyrus ‘ little sister — Noah Cyrus .
The Chainsmokers , who received the second-most number of nominations with 11 , will also be performing .
In January , Bruno Mars was announced as the show 's first headlining act .
Drake leads the pack with 12 nominations , including Male Artist of the Year . Other artists who have received multiple nominations include Beyoncé , Justin Bieber , Ariana Grande , Twenty One Pilots and Rihanna .
The fourth annual iHeartRadio Music Awards , hosted by Ryan Seacrest , will air live from the Forum in Los Angeles on Sunday , March 5 at 8 p.m . ET on TBS , TNT , and truTV . The show will also be simulcast on iHeartMedia stations nationwide , and on iHeartRadio .
Head over to iheartradio.com/awards for the complete list of nominees and to cast your vote for the socially voted categories . Voting will close on Feb. 24 .
The couple , who split in October 2014 , have maintained a tight relationship throughout the years by putting their 5½-year-old son Noah Rev 's needs first . “ We are both totally committed to raising our son and being in love with our son , ” Lucas told PEOPLE , adding that the pair has adopted a co-parenting arrangement called “ bird 's nesting . ”
So , how does that exactly work ? Noah remains in a solitary home in New York City while his parents rotate their stays in and out of their family residence — the same way birds alight and depart the nest .
“ It 's a concept that 's fairly new , particularly in the psychology of raising a child in divorce , ” said Lucas . “ And the idea is , it 's really not the child 's fault that you got divorced. ” He continued , “ It 's your fault and therefore it should not be the child 's problem to go back and forth between two different homes . ”
HONG KONG China 's electronics giant TCL Corp 000100.SZ said on Friday it planned to invest about 35 billion yuan ( $ 5.08 billion ) in a facility to make display panels that can be used in smartphones and tablets , tapping growing Chinese demand for the gadgets .
TCL plans to build a production line in the central city of Wuhan to produce displays called LTPS-AMOLED ( low temperature poly silicon-active matrix organic light-emitting diode ) , it said in a statement on the Shenzhen stock exchange .
These displays are used in electronic gadgets such as smartphones and tablets , which are gaining popularity in China as consumers become more sophisticated and affluent .
TCL , based in the southern province of Guangdong , said its proposal was still pending approval from the government .
Other Chinese firms have announced similar plans . BOE Technology Group Co Ltd 000725.SZ said in November it planned to invest 46.5 billion yuan in a project to produce AMOLED display panels in Sichuan province .
( Reporting by Twinnie Siu in Hong Kong and Lee Chyen Yee in Singapore ; Editing by Edmund Blair )
JUNEAU — Alaska Gov . Bill Walker 's path to re-election will change if Democrat Mark Begich runs for governor in Alaska .
Walker and Lt. Gov . Byron Mallott planned to enter the Democratic primary , Walker 's campaign said earlier this month .
A recent court decision would allow Walker to run in the primary as an independent , while Mallott planned to run as a Democrat .
But if Begich enters the Democratic primary “ at the last minute , ” then Walker will not run as a candidate in the Democratic primary , his campaign said in a statement Wednesday .
Instead , he and Mallott would run as independents and gather signatures to appear on the November general election ballot .
The candidate filing deadline is Friday .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement to meet UFC star Conor McGregor in an Aug. 26 boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world .
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday , after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would return at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing fight .
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules . It will take place at 154 pounds .
“ It 's official , ” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters .
“ THE FIGHT IS ON , ” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier , posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather 's father , Floyd Sr .
Mayweather , who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights , will face the Irish UFC superstar at the T-Mobile arena on the Las Vegas Strip . He had tweeted a picture of himself sparring in recent days to show he was already getting ready for the bout .
“ This is really an unprecedented event , ” said Stephen Espinoza , who heads Showtime Sports , which will handle the pay-per-view . “ Really we have n't seen anything in modern history that resembles it , it 's impossible to predict how many sales this will do . ”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather 's team pushed for the fight in recent days .
“ All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done , ” he said . “ The sky 's the limit on this . ”
Financial terms were not released , though Mayweather got the greater share of revenue when he fought Manny Pacquiao and is expected to have a similar percentage against McGregor .
Depending on pay-per-view sales , both fighters could earn huge purses , though probably not the $ 200 million or so Mayweather earned for Pacquiao .
“ Everybody 's happy , ” said Mayweather 's adviser , Leonard Ellerbe .
McGregor , the wildly popular UFC star , is 21-3 in UFC fights , and is coming off a win in November against Eddie Alvarez . Though he has n't boxed professionally , McGregor did box while growing up and is known for his striking expertise in UFC .
“ The reason he 's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone , anywhere and at any time , ” UFC chief Dana White said about his fighter . “ It 's the right fight at the right place at the right time . ”
The two fighters are expected to do a press tour that should provide fireworks shortly before going into final training for the fight .
The cost of tickets and the price of the pay-per-view has not been decided , though the pay-per-view is expected to be at or near the $ 99.95 charged for Mayweather 's 2015 fight with Manny Pacquiao that drew a record 4.4 million pay-per-view buys .
Mayweather will come off a two-year retirement in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for nearly that long . It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout .
Mayweather last fought in September 2015 , beating Andre Berto and then announcing his retirement . His fight before that , a decision win over Pacquiao , was the richest in boxing history and reportedly made him more than $ 200 million .
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite , the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world . It has also intrigued some in boxing , though most dismiss McGregor 's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history .
Adding to McGregor 's challenge the fighters will be using 10-ounce boxing gloves instead of the smaller UFC gloves and he will not be allowed to use the leg kicks or takedowns that are used in mixed martial arts .
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup , the run-up to the fight will . Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights , and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts .
“ As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it , ” Espinoza said .
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars . It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys .
TX Current Conditions
TX Current Conditions as of 01:00 AM CDT Wednesday , July 4 , 2018
_____
City/Town ; Weather Condition ; Temp ( F ) ; Wind Direction ; Wind Speed ( MPH ) ; Humidity ( % )
Abilene ; Clear ; 83 ; SE ; 13 ; 39 %
Abilene Dyess ; Clear ; 84 ; SE ; 10 ; 30 %
Alice ; Clear ; 77 ; SE ; 6 ; 90 %
Alpine ; Clear ; 71 ; Calm ; 0 ; 68 %
Amarillo ; Clear ; 78 ; SSE ; 12 ; 54 %
Angleton ; Partly cloudy ; 76 ; S ; 5 ; 84 %
Arlington ; Clear ; 81 ; ESE ; 3 ; 60 %
Austin ; Cloudy ; 86 ; N ; 5 ; 54 %
Austin Bergstrom ; Intermittent clouds ; 84 ; S ; 7 ; 62 %
Bay ; Clear ; 77 ; ESE ; 3 ; 85 %
Beaumont ; Mostly cloudy ; 74 ; SE ; 2 ; 97 %
Beeville ; Clear ; 76 ; ESE ; 3 ; 97 %
Borger ; Clear ; 85 ; SSE ; 13 ; 33 %
Bowie ; Clear ; 80 ; ESE ; 5 ; 65 %
Breckenridge ; Clear ; 88 ; SE ; 13 ; 33 %
Brenham ; Clear ; 80 ; SSE ; 5 ; 70 %
Bridgeport ; Clear ; 82 ; SSE ; 5 ; 57 %
Brownsville ; Clear ; 81 ; SSE ; 7 ; 84 %
Brownwood ; Clear ; 82 ; SE ; 10 ; 42 %
Burnet ; Mostly clear ; 86 ; SE ; 9 ; 50 %
Canadian ; Clear ; 82 ; SE ; 14 ; 44 %
Castroville ; Clear ; 82 ; SSE ; 10 ; 69 %
Childress ; Cloudy ; 86 ; SE ; 14 ; 34 %
Cleburne ; Clear ; 79 ; SSE ; 7 ; 69 %
College Station ; Cloudy ; 79 ; SE ; 7 ; 71 %
Comanche ; Clear ; 84 ; ESE ; 17 ; 42 %
Conroe ; Intermittent clouds ; 76 ; S ; 3 ; 81 %
Corpus Christi ; Mostly clear ; 78 ; SE ; 6 ; 100 %
Corsicana ; Cloudy ; 77 ; S ; 3 ; 76 %
Cotulla ; Clear ; 84 ; SSE ; 10 ; 74 %
Dalhart ; Clear ; 79 ; SSE ; 15 ; 46 %
Dallas Love ; Mostly clear ; 83 ; ESE ; 7 ; 60 %
Dallas Redbird ; Mostly clear ; 80 ; ESE ; 8 ; 63 %
Dallas/Ft Worth ; Mostly clear ; 81 ; SE ; 6 ; 60 %
Decatur ; Clear ; 81 ; Calm ; 0 ; 59 %
Del Rio ; Clear ; 91 ; ESE ; 13 ; 36 %
Del Rio Laughlin AFB ; Clear ; 89 ; ESE ; 9 ; 40 %
Denton ; Clear ; 83 ; ESE ; 7 ; 58 %
Dryden ; Partly cloudy ; 84 ; ESE ; 8 ; 36 %
Dumas ; Clear ; 75 ; SE ; 12 ; 54 %
Edinburg ; Mostly clear ; 81 ; SE ; 9 ; 85 %
El Paso ; Intermittent clouds ; 85 ; SSE ; 4 ; 19 %
Ellington ; Intermittent clouds ; 77 ; S ; 6 ; 94 %
Falfurrias ; Clear ; 80 ; SE ; 8 ; 81 %
Fort Hood ; Cloudy ; 83 ; ESE ; 16 ; 58 %
Fort Worth ; Clear ; 81 ; S ; 7 ; 66 %
Fort Worth Alliance ; Mostly clear ; 83 ; SE ; 6 ; 58 %
Fort Worth Nas ; Clear ; 84 ; SSE ; 10 ; 56 %
Fort Worth Spinks ; Clear ; 79 ; Calm ; 0 ; 65 %
Fredericksburg ; Clear ; 82 ; S ; 3 ; 49 %
Gainesville ; Clear ; 77 ; ESE ; 6 ; 69 %
Galveston ; Partly cloudy w/ showers ; 78 ; SE ; 6 ; 92 %
Gatesville ; Clear ; 82 ; ESE ; 6 ; 57 %
Georgetown ; Mostly clear ; 87 ; SE ; 8 ; 54 %
Giddings ; Clear ; 81 ; SE ; 6 ; 72 %
Gilmer ; Partly cloudy ; 77 ; Calm ; 0 ; 88 %
Graham ; Clear ; 83 ; ESE ; 13 ; 57 %
Granbury ; Clear ; 83 ; SE ; 6 ; 56 %
Grand Prairie ; Clear ; 81 ; ESE ; 3 ; 60 %
Greenville ; Clear ; 79 ; Calm ; 0 ; 78 %
Guadalupe Pass ; Clear ; 79 ; ENE ; 14 ; 28 %
Hamilton ; Clear ; 82 ; SE ; 13 ; 60 %
Harlingen ; Mostly clear ; 77 ; SSE ; 6 ; 96 %
Hearne ; Clear ; 77 ; SSE ; 3 ; 73 %
Hebbronville ; Clear ; 79 ; SSE ; 7 ; 75 %
Henderson ; Cloudy ; 74 ; E ; 3 ; 96 %
Hereford ; Clear ; 82 ; SSE ; 13 ; 38 %
Hillsboro ; Clear ; 79 ; SSE ; 5 ; 67 %
Hondo ; Clear ; 87 ; SE ; 12 ; 60 %
Houston ; Clear ; 79 ; Calm ; 0 ; 78 %
Houston ( Hobby Airport ) ; Cloudy ; 77 ; SSW ; 6 ; 93 %
Houston / Dunn Helistop ; Clear ; 79 ; Calm ; 0 ; 78 %
Houston / Southwest Airport ; Clear ; 74 ; Calm ; 0 ; 98 %
Houston Clover ; Clear ; 75 ; SW ; 3 ; 100 %
Houston Hooks ; Cloudy ; 78 ; SSE ; 3 ; 81 %
Houston Hull ; Cloudy ; 78 ; SSE ; 7 ; 84 %
Houston Intercontinental ; Cloudy ; 77 ; SSW ; 3 ; 87 %
Huntsville ; Mostly clear ; 77 ; S ; 3 ; 73 %
Ingleside ; Partly cloudy ; 82 ; S ; 6 ; 86 %
Jacksonville ; Mostly cloudy ; 74 ; NW ; 2 ; 97 %
Jasper ; Cloudy ; 71 ; Calm ; 0 ; 98 %
Junction ; Clear ; 87 ; S ; 8 ; 35 %
Kellyusa Airport ; Clear ; 84 ; SSE ; 16 ; 70 %
Kerrville ; Clear ; 82 ; ESE ; 7 ; 60 %
Killeen ; Cloudy ; 83 ; ESE ; 16 ; 58 %
Killeen/Ft Hood ; Cloudy ; 82 ; ESE ; 16 ; 64 %
Kingsville Nas ; Partly cloudy ; 80 ; SSE ; 7 ; 87 %
La Grange ; Clear ; 81 ; SSE ; 3 ; 86 %
Lago Vista ; Clear ; 84 ; SE ; 7 ; 59 %
Lancaster ; Clear ; 76 ; Calm ; 0 ; 73 %
Laredo ; Mostly clear ; 88 ; SE ; 14 ; 60 %
Llano ; Clear ; 88 ; ESE ; 7 ; 45 %
Longview ; Mostly cloudy ; 77 ; E ; 3 ; 89 %
Lubbock ; Mostly clear ; 78 ; SE ; 8 ; 45 %
Lufkin ; Cloudy ; 72 ; E ; 3 ; 100 %
Mcallen ; Clear ; 82 ; SE ; 8 ; 84 %
Mcgregor ; Cloudy ; 81 ; SE ; 8 ; 60 %
Mckinney ; Cloudy ; 78 ; ENE ; 3 ; 78 %
Mesquite ; Clear ; 76 ; SSW ; 6 ; 76 %
Midland ; Clear ; 86 ; S ; 10 ; 28 %
Midland Airpark ; Clear ; 86 ; S ; 10 ; 28 %
Midlothian ; Clear ; 78 ; Calm ; 0 ; 71 %
Mineola ; Intermittent clouds ; 75 ; NNW ; 4 ; 91 %
Mineral Wells ; Clear ; 83 ; SE ; 18 ; 54 %
Mount Pleasant ; Partly cloudy ; 75 ; Calm ; 0 ; 86 %
Nacogdoches ; Cloudy ; 73 ; Calm ; 0 ; 96 %
New Braunfels ; Clear ; 80 ; S ; 10 ; 78 %
Odessa ; Clear ; 86 ; SSE ; 10 ; 26 %
Orange ; Cloudy ; 75 ; Calm ; 0 ; 100 %
Palacios ; Cloudy ; 83 ; S ; 8 ; 87 %
Palestine ; Clear ; 74 ; Calm ; 0 ; 94 %
Pampa ; Clear ; 82 ; SE ; 17 ; 32 %
Pampa / Mesa Vista ; Clear ; 79 ; SSE ; 15 ; 41 %
Paris ; Cloudy ; 75 ; ENE ; 6 ; 90 %
Pecos ; Clear ; 81 ; E ; 6 ; 45 %
Perryton ; Clear ; 79 ; SSE ; 15 ; 47 %
Plainview ; Clear ; 75 ; SE ; 9 ; 49 %
Pleasanton ; Clear ; 81 ; SSE ; 8 ; 79 %
Port Aransas ; Clear ; 82 ; SE ; 7 ; 86 %
Port Isabel ; Mostly clear ; 82 ; SSE ; 11 ; 85 %
Port Lavaca ; Clear ; 80 ; S ; 6 ; 89 %
Randolph AFB ; Clear ; 82 ; S ; 10 ; 77 %
Robstown ; Clear ; 78 ; SE ; 6 ; 92 %
Rockport ; Mostly cloudy ; 82 ; SSE ; 8 ; 84 %
Rocksprings ; Clear ; 80 ; SE ; 8 ; 48 %
San Angelo ; Clear ; 88 ; SSE ; 9 ; 28 %
San Antonio ; Mostly clear ; 81 ; SSE ; 10 ; 82 %
San Antonio Stinson ; Clear ; 85 ; SSE ; 12 ; 71 %
San Marcos ; Mostly clear ; 81 ; SSE ; 8 ; 71 %
Seminole ; Clear ; 76 ; S ; 6 ; 58 %
Sherman-Denison ; Mostly clear ; 80 ; ESE ; 10 ; 70 %
Snyder ; Clear ; 82 ; ESE ; 8 ; 36 %
Sonora ; Clear ; 86 ; SSE ; 9 ; 34 %
Stephenville ; Clear ; 81 ; SE ; 10 ; 57 %
Sulphur Springs ; Clear ; 76 ; E ; 6 ; 95 %
Sweetwater ; Clear ; 83 ; SE ; 7 ; 27 %
Temple ; Intermittent clouds ; 81 ; ESE ; 12 ; 62 %
Terrell ; Mostly clear ; 79 ; E ; 6 ; 71 %
Tyler ; Cloudy ; 76 ; NW ; 5 ; 91 %
Uvalde ; Clear ; 83 ; ESE ; 7 ; 59 %
Vernon ; Clear ; 89 ; SE ; 15 ; 31 %
Victoria ; Mostly cloudy ; 78 ; SSE ; 6 ; 90 %
Waco ; Clear ; 81 ; SSE ; 8 ; 57 %
Weslaco ; Mostly clear ; 81 ; SE ; 9 ; 85 %
Wharton ; Partly cloudy ; 78 ; SSE ; 3 ; 85 %
Wichita Falls ; Clear ; 85 ; ESE ; 17 ; 48 %
Wink ; Intermittent clouds ; 83 ; SE ; 7 ; 40 %
Zapata ; Clear ; 81 ; SE ; 10 ; 63 %
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
JOHANNESBURG , April 3 Unit five of the Medupi power station in South Africa 's northern Limpopo province began commercial operations on Monday , adding 800 megawatts ( MW ) to the national grid , after it was completed one year ahead of schedule .
South African power utility Eskom , which has in the past been forced to impose power cuts due to insufficient supply , is scrambling to revamp its ageing plants . The unit was expected to become commercially operational by March 2018 .
Other Eskom projects include the Ingula hydro-powered plant in the northeast of KwaZulu-Natal , and the Kusile coal-fired plant in eastern Mpumalanga province , which have a combined capacity of about 6,132 MW . ( Reporting by Olwethu Boso ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Prince ‘ s family have announced that they are to sue the Illinois hospital that treated the late music icon for an opioid overdose only a week before his death .
The family , represented by trustee Michael A.Zimmer , claim that he received improper care after his private plane made an emergency landing in the early hours of April 15 , 2016 , following a show in Atlanta .
The lawsuit alleges that Prince 's death was a “ direct and proximate cause ” of the Trinity Medical Centre 's alleged failure to diagnose and treat the overdose , alongside an apparent failure to investigate the cause of it .
Lawyers George Loucas and John Goetz , representing Prince 's family , said in a statement : “ What happened to Prince is happening to families across America . The family wishes through its investigation to shed light on this epidemic and how to better the fight to save lives . If Prince 's death helps save lives , then all was not lost . ”
Last Friday , prosecutors announced that no criminal proceedings would be brought in relation to the singer 's death .
They believe that the initial overdose on his private plane was caused by black market opioids containing fentanyl , although Prince is likely to have believed he was taking a prescribed opioid .
As a result of this , it is claimed that Prince most likely took a similarly powerful drug six days later at his Paisley Park home , resulting in his death at the age of 57 .
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
The family is also suing Walgreens , accusing its employees of “ dispensing narcotic prescription medications ” to the singer for an invalid medical purpose .
A representative for the hospital said it does not comment on pending legal matters .
NEW YORK The Philadelphia Federal Reserve said on Thursday its gauge on manufacturing activity in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic region fell to its lowest level in four months in April , retreating further from a 33-year peak reached in February .
The regional central bank 's business conditions index fell to 22.0 in April from 32.8 in March . Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 25.0 this month .
`` They have come down from really high levels , but these are still very good , positive readings , '' Michael Trebing , senior economic analyst at the Philadelphia Fed , told a conference call with reporters .
Various measures on U.S. business confidence had soared shortly following Donald Trump 's surprise win in the presidential elections in November as business owners and company executives hoped Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress would slash taxes , loosen regulations and enact heavy spending on infrastructure . But they have begun to recede from their peaks .
The Philadelphia Fed 's barometer on new orders , a key gauge of future activity , slipped to 27.4 from 38.6 in March which was the strongest since December 1987 .
The measure of the six-month business outlook decreased to 45.4 from 59.5 in March which was the highest since August 2014 .
The component on prices paid declined to 33.7 from March 's 40.7 which was the strongest since May 2011 .
On the other hand , the survey 's employment index climbed to 19.9 in April , the highest since May 2011 , while its gauge on capital expenditures in six months stepped up to 36.5 from 34.5 in March .
In a special section in this month 's survey , 51.5 percent of the firms said they plan to increase their capital spending this year due to expected higher sales . This compared with 40 percent a year earlier .
Moreover , 36.7 percent of the respondents said their capital spending will take place in the first half of this year , while the rest plans to do so in the second half .
( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( In April 5 BRIEF , corrects proceeds amount in headline to `` $ 2 mln '' from `` $ 12 mln '' )
April 5 Enforcer Gold Corp :
* Enforcer Gold announces non-brokered private placement
* Announced its intent to complete a non-brokered private placement financing for gross proceeds of up to $ 2 million
* As per offering , company expects to issue up to 4 million flow-through shares at a price of $ 0.25 per flow through share
* Proceeds from sale of flow-through shares will be used for Canadian exploration expenses , to be renounced for current taxation year
* As per offering , company also expects to issue up to 5 million units at a price of $ 0.20 per unit Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
× Ex-crewman says cause of Seattle-based crab boat 's sinking in Bering Sea may never be known
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) — The brother of a crewman aboard a crab boat missing and presumed sunk in the Bering Sea says it 's likely no one will ever know what went wrong .
Dylan Hatfield says a number of factors probably contributed to a capsizing Saturday morning of the 98-foot crab boat Destination with six crewmen on board .
Hatfield spent parts of seven seasons on the boat , and when he left , he was replaced by his brother , 36-year-old Darrik Seibold .
Hatfield says the boat may have iced up from sea spray freezing in 20-degree temperatures . He says a pump may have failed in tanks that hold water and help stabilize the ship in rough water .
Crew members disappeared without sending out a mayday call . Hatfield says that likely means the boat sank quickly .
It 's ( apparently ) official : Lindsay Lohan is joining Life-Size 2 !
The 31-year-old actress , who played Casey Stuart in the original 2000 Disney Channel movie Life-Size , will be returning for the sequel on Freeform , according to her costar Tyra Banks .
Tyra Banks and Lindsay Lohan in Life-Size Everett Collection
“ Everybody wants to ask you about Life-Size 2 and if Lindsay Lohan will be in it , ” TV talk show host Steve Harvey asksto Banks in a sneak peek at Wednesday 's episode of Steve .
RELATED VIDEO : Tyra Banks Reveals She Had a Nose Job Early in Her Career
“ Lindsay Lohan will , ” says Banks , who takes a long pause before exclaiming , “ be in Life-Size 2 , yes ! ”
“ Yes , I really really want her to , ” shares Banks , 44 , who will reprise her role as Eve , a doll that comes to life . “ We 're talking about it right now and she has got to come back ! ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Banks is also on board as an executive-producer of the TV film , which will premiere in December 2018 , Entertainment Weekly reported .
In the sequel , Eve is all grown up , and this time , she 's ready to help a young woman “ learn to live and love again , ” according to EW . And while she does that , “ Eve herself will experience the ups and downs of real life in a fun , edgy , modern Christmas movie . ”
Steve airs daily ( check local listings ) .
LOUISA COUNTY , Va. — Four people are facing animal cruelty charges in connection to two separate animal abuse cases in Louisa County .
The first incident occurred on Monday , May 21 , when four horses and a donkey were seized from the home of Jean and Samantha Donhauser .
The Louisa County Sheriff 's Office launched an investigation after receiving calls about abused animals at the home .
The mother and daughter have been charged with five counts of animal cruelty . They will appear in court on June 5 , when sheriff 's office will attempt a civil forfeiture of the animals .
In a separate case , investigators found four horses “ in bad shape ” when they were called to the home of Scott and Nancy Pauley on Wednesday , May 23 .
The Louisa County Sheriff 's Office responded to the home after receiving a call for suspected animal abuse at the residence .
The husband and wife were each charged with four counts of animal cruelty . They will also appear in court on June 5 , when the county will attempt take the animals from their possession .
GIF
Here is how to make a great video game featuring licensed characters . Step one : find a great video game . Step two : put characters from We Bare Bears , Steven Universe and Adventure Time in it . That 's pretty much how Cartoon Network Match Land was born .
I 'm barely exaggerating here . Last year indie developer Race Cat Games released Match Land , a delightful little free-to-play pixel art puzzle RPG that captured my heart with its adorable look , combo-based match-three mechanics and modest microtransactions . It 's a charming game that I played daily for most of 2017 . According to Chris Waldron , Cartoon Network 's vice president of digital products and games , his team was similarly enthralled .
“ When Joel Nelson , our developer relations manager , bubbled up the original Match Land to us , everyone within the Cartoon Network digital team immediately fell in love , ” Waldron told Kotaku . “ For months , we referenced the game in almost every meeting we had . ”
And so Joel Nelson reached out to Race Cat Games , and now Cartoon Network Match Land is coming out March 22 on iOS and Android . There was probably some programming and stuff between the first and second thing , but you get the idea .
Advertisement
Instead of a team of random fantasy characters , players form a team from collectible Cartoon Network characters . Instead of fighting animals , the player 's team is tasked with taking down evil edibles . And instead of unlocking a series of fantasy-themed shops that provide materials needed to upgrade characters , here it 's food stalls and trucks .
Otherwise , the only major difference between the original Match Land and Cartoon Network Match Land is the new game allows players to move gems diagonally to match , speeding up the combo countdown timer ( how long the player has to make another match , continuing the combo ) to counterbalance the extra freedom of movement .
Advertisement
I 've been playing a test build of the game for a couple of weeks now , and it 's like coming home , only this home is filled with talking bears , Crystal Gems and denizens of Ooo . And is n't it nice that Cartoon Network went to the original developer instead of just making their own version ? It 's a mobile gaming miracle .
ELLSWORTH — The Ellsworth Public Library will host a free public screening of part one of Ken Burns ' “ The Vietnam War ” documentary at The Grand on Friday , Oct. 13 , at 7 p.m .
The screening will be followed by a question-and-answer session with author and Vietnam veteran Nick Mills .
The library will host screenings of the remaining nine episodes of the series at another location later in the fall .
In “ The Vietnam War , ” filmmakers Ken Burns and Lynn Novick tell the epic story of the conflict as it has never before been told on film . The film features testimony from nearly 80 witnesses , including many Americans who fought in the war and others who opposed it , as well as Vietnamese combatants and civilians from both the winning and losing sides .
All screenings will be free and open to the public .
For more information , visit www.ellsworth.lib.me.us .
A candlelight vigil was held Sunday evening in Biloxi in memory of those killed during weekend protests in Charlottesville , Va .
Organized by the Mississippi Rising coalition , those in attendance spread a simple message : `` There 's no hate in our state . ''
`` I served 20 years in the Marine Corps to ensure that everybody has equal opportunity , not certain segments have a certain opportunity . That 's not how this works . My shirt says it all , we are born equal members of one human family , '' said one attendee .
Saturday , Heather Heyer was killed after police say James Alex Fields , Jr. drove into a crowd of people protesting a white supremacist rally .
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder , as well as other counts .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
Lady Gaga is to release a new range of wine .
Representatives for the 31-year-old singer have filed documents for the rights to white and red wines , Joanne Trattoria Vino Blanco and Joanne Trattoria Vino Rossa , named after the 'Born This Way ' hitmaker 's late aunt .
According to The Blast , the documents state the two names are for `` wine , prepared wine cocktails , wine coolers , wine punches and prepared alcoholic cocktails . ''
It wo n't be the first thing named after Gaga 's aunt as her father Joe Germanotta owns an Italian restaurant in New York City called Joanne Trattoria which the star has been known to frequent on many an occasion .
In February , Gaga - whose real moniker is Stefani Germanotta - filed paperwork to produce wine , wine coolers , wine cocktails and wine punches with the name Grigio Girls .
The proposed beverage brand shares its name with a bonus track from Gaga 's 2016 album 'Joanne ' , and was inspired by the star 's cancer-stricken friend Sonja Durham and how the pop star used to get together with her pals , open a bottle of wine and cry for their buddy .
Sadly , Sonja , who was also Gaga 's former assistant , lost her battle with cancer in May .
Following her death , the 'Million Reasons ' hitmaker paid tribute to her pal .
She wrote on Instagram : `` Watching one of my best friends in the world show unfathomable courage , strength , and positivity while battling cancer has really changed my life . Thank you Sonja for inspiring me and all of us everyday with your joy . I love you so much it brings tears to my eyes just to think of all the years we 've spent together backstage running the show , taking care of each other . You are one of a kind . I 'm so proud of you . And you and Andre , your unbreakable beautiful love is what life is all about . You can see it in this photo . Wanted to share this with the world and show them what true beauty looks like . # grigiogirls # sonjadurham @ sonjad7777 I love you girl . I love you so much . ( sic ) ''
Augusta , GA ( WJBF ) – Richmond County deputies are on the scene of a serious accident .
It happened around 8 a.m. Wednesday on Gordon Highway at North Leg .
Injuries are reported .
Several vehicles are involved .
As of 8:30 a.m. , three lanes of westbound traffic were blocked .
You may want to avoid the area until those vehicles can be removed .
A former top model who co-owned Queenstown skydiving company NZONE has been banned from driving after being caught with a breath-alcohol level more than four times the legal limit .
Kirsty Lay , 55 , of Christchurch , gave a reading of 1049mcg after she was stopped in Hallenstein St in the resort at noon on January 9 .
She won TV modelling competition Revlon Face of the Eighties , and worked as a model in New York for much of that decade , represented by elite agency Ford Models .
She was later an owner of the Exposure Model Agency .
Advertisement
Known in business circles as Kirsty Smith , she co-owned Skydive Queenstown Limited Group - operating as NZONE Skydive Queenstown and Skydive Paradise - with husband Steve and Lindsay and Robynne Williams .
The two couples sold the business to an Australian company in 2016 for $ 17 million .
Lay had her case transferred to the Wellington District Court where , on May 9 , she was sentenced to nine months ' supervision with special conditions , fined $ 800 , and banned from driving for three months .
She can apply for an alcohol interlock device to be installed in her vehicle when her ban expires .
Her LinkedIn profile describes her as the founder and quality assurance consultant for the New Zealand Skydiving School . She is also a former chief executive and shareholder of the company , which is based near Methven , in Canterbury .
Interlock devices , which prevent a car starting if there is alcohol on the driver 's breath , are mandatory for repeat offenders or offenders with high alcohol levels , and must remain fitted on their vehicle for at least 12 months .
Harrison Central cracked the Elite 8 and open the Class 6A boys state quarterfinals facing No . 2 ranked Starkville on Saturday in Jackson .
SITEKI – Two people died on the country 's roads over the Easter holidays .
Both were pedestrians who died in separate incidents .
The first accident happened on Friday along the Manzini/Matsapha public road when a Toyota Prado knocked down a 39-year-old man of KaKhoza .
The pedestrian was rushed to RFM Hospital where he was certified dead . The other was killed when he was hit by a vehicle moments after alighting from another car .
The tragic accident occurred at Lubovu area ( near Siphofaneni ) , along the Madlenya/St Philips road on Saturday evening .
Police said the deceased was 36 years old but his name could not be ascertained at the time of compiling this report .
It is alleged that the deceased was in a questionable state of sobriety but police are still investigating the circumstances around the accident .
Last year , there were no fatal road accidents during the Easter period .
Chief Police Information and Communications Officer Superintendent Khulani Mamba in a press release , confirmed both incidents .
Meanwhile , three people were injured when two vehicles collided near Siteki town on Sunday evening along the Lonhlupheko/Lukhula public road but there were no casualties .
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov attends a news conference after a meeting with his counterpart from Saudi Arabia Adel al-Jubeir in Moscow , Russia , April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW Moscow is ready to cooperate with the United States on settling the Syrian crisis , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Saturday , Russian news agencies reported .
Russian authorities reiterate periodically that they stand ready to renew cooperation with Washington on Syria and , more globally , on fighting terrorism .
Relations between the two countries , however , are seen reaching another low after U.S. fired missiles at Syria to punish Moscow 's ally for its suspected use of poison gas earlier in April . Russia condemned the U.S. action .
Lavrov 's deputy Mikhail Bogdanov also said on Saturday that Russian authorities hope that Syrian armed opposition will take part in Syria peace talks in Kazakhstan 's Astana on May 3-4 , Interfax reported .
( Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
SEATTLE ( April 23 , 2018 ) — Postdoctoral Researchers at the University of Washington are set to vote to formalize their choice to unionize this month , the culmination of a successful organizing campaign . After lengthy delays due to the university administration 's challenge of the composition of the bargaining unit , the Washington State Public Employment Relations Commission ( PERC ) has resolved the question in favor of the union and set the dates for the representation election for April 27 through May 11 .
“ We are excited to vote for our union , and ready to have a seat at the table with the University Administration , ” said UW Postdoc Leilani Battle . “ Over 700 Postdocs have responded to our survey about the issues they want to improve through collective bargaining , including more affordable childcare , increased non-discrimination and sexual harassment protections , better visa support for international Postdocs , and so much more . ”
“ We had to fight hard to win this right to vote over multiple roadblocks created by the UW Administration . So right now we are working hard to make sure that everyone has the facts about unionization so that every single Postdoc can make an informed choice and participate . Our union is of and for Postdocs and we 've only been successful so far because so many of us have made our voices heard , ” said UW Postdoc Lindsey Madison .
On Oct. 3 , 2017 , with the support of the majority of UW Postdocs , UW Postdocs United / UAW 4121 filed a petition with PERC to form a union . On March 1 , PERC ruled unambiguously in favor of the union , rejecting the university 's claim that hundreds of Postdocs should be excluded from a UW Postdoc unit .
Despite PERC 's decision , the university continued to stall , and on March 14 , hundreds of UW Postdocs , Academic Student Employees and community allies staged a “ work-in ” at the university president 's office — and moved the UW administration to finally agree to proceed without appealing . The administration will still challenge the right to vote of 170 Postdocs and the union has objected to these challenges as baseless . PERC will proceed with the vote but allow these Postdocs to cast ballots on a provisional basis and only count their votes if they could determine the outcome .
The election will be administered by PERC and conducted electronically via phone and Web except for those whose right to vote has been challenged by the university administration ( and so will vote via mail ) . The vote will determine whether the approximately 1,100 Postdocs at the UW will join UAW Local 4121 , which represents 4,500 Academic Student Employees at all three campuses of the University of Washington .
Learn more at uwpostdocsunited.org .
Waxwork Records is thrilled to present the deluxe soundtrack re-issue to 1982 's sci-fi horror classic , JOHN CARPENTER 'S THE THING . Composed by the legendary Ennio Morricone , the soundtrack to THE THING is a landmark musical composition that is cold , dark , minimal , and effective .
Considered to be John Carpenter 's directorial masterpiece , THE THING is praised as one of the greatest films of it 's genre by both fans and critics . Starring Kurt Russel and A. Wilford Brimley , THE THING follows a team of researchers in Antarctica as they are infiltrated by a parasitic extraterrestrial life form that assimilates other organisms and then imitates them . The classic soundtrack composed by Ennio Morricone effectively captures the cold , isolated tone of the story and film , and marks one of the few John Carpenter directed films that Carpenter did not score himself .
Waxwork Records worked for two years to ensure that such a highly anticipated and sought after vinyl soundtrack re-issue would meet and exceed expectations of the biggest fan of John Carpenter and his sci-fi / horror tour de force that is THE THING .
Features include the complete Ennio Morricone soundtrack re-mastered from the original master tapes , your choice of two different 180 gram colored vinyl variants , all new artwork by Justin Erickson of Phantom City Creative , deluxe heavyweight packaging including satin coated old-style gatefold jackets with UV spot-gloss , an an 11 ” x 22 ” poster , a breakaway “ ice ” slipcase , and an exclusive interview with the director John Carpenter .
Deluxe “ Trapped In The Ice ” Edition
• Heavyweight , High-Gloss , Break-Away “ Ice ” Slipcase
• 180 Gram “ Ice ” Vinyl ( Deep Blue with White Haze )
• Satin Coated Old-Style Gatefold Jacket with UV Spot-Gloss
• 11 ” x 22 ” Poster
• New Artwork By Justin Erickson of Phantom City Creative
• Booklet Featuring Exclusive Interview with Director John Carpenter
Standard “ Snow ” Edition
• 180 Gram “ Snow ” Vinyl ( True White )
• Satin Coated Old-Style Gatefold Jacket with UV Spot-Gloss
• 11 ” x 22 ” Poster
• New Artwork By Justin Erickson of Phantom City Creative
PRE-ORDER :
http : //waxworkrecords.com/collections/vinyl/products/the-thing
Appoints Neeraj Sharma as Head of Business of South Asia & Middle East
Deepens commitment to India partners & increases focus on strategic partnerships in India
Mobvista , a world leading provider of mobile marketing automation that empowers brands and marketers to attain , engage and entertain audiences , recognizes India as a high-priority market for mobile advertising and thus , reinforces its commitment to the region by expanding operations . Since Mobvista started in 2013 , India has consistently remained one of the company 's priority markets , underscoring India 's growth in the mobile advertising space . To foster continued growth and harness the vast potential in the region , Mobvista had appointed Neeraj Sharma , Head-Business of South Asia & Middle East to grow and deepen commitments to Mobvista Indian partners .
The number of internet users in India is expected to reach 500 million by June 2018 , according to a report by the Internet and Mobile Association of India ( IAMAI ) and Kantar IMRB . The number of Internet users stood at 481 million in December 2017 , an increase of 11.34 % over December 2016 said the report titled , `` Internet in India 2017 '' .
The Mobvista mission in India is to empower advertisers to attain high-quality users and improve ad performance while at the same time empowering developers to monetize and achieve increased revenue .
Marking a remarkable inroad in the country , Mobvista has grown its Indian business at a very fast pace . The company has built an impressive list of around forty successful domestic clients from different industry verticals such as FMCG , E-commerce , etc .
Neeraj Sharma , Head-Business of South Asia & Middle East , said , “ I am extremely delighted to be working with Mobvista I truly believe in its vision of empowering advertisers and developers in India and globally . I am proud to take this vision forward as we offer a complete suite of products that can unlock the full potential of our partners and customers in India . We have some great partners in India including MakeMyTrip , Goibibo and Myntra , and are very positive to have more and more domestic corporations partner with Mobvista in the coming days. ” He added , “ The mobile digital advertising industry had seen a slight dip last year , but in 2018 , we predict significant growth in this industry due to increasing mobile subscribers and availability of cheaper data . ”
Abhiruchi Bhushan , Manager – User growth , Myntra said , “ India will definitely see a surge in consumption of mobile internet in 2018 . Given its expertise , Mobvista is a great partner for us in the country both for user acquisitions and monetization . They have been instrumental in helping us maximize business value with respect to mobile advertising . We are confident that Mobvista will yield us long term benefits , and we look forward to more years of partnership with them . ”
Mobvista has also built an outstanding customer base in its home country China . The Chinese advertisers include both premier Chinese internet companies like Baidu , Alibaba and Tencent , as well as unicorns like Ofo , Topbuzz & Mobike .
MOSCOW , April 6 Russian authorities have detained several people suspected of being accomplices of the man behind this week 's St Petersburg metro bombing , news agency Interfax reported on Thursday , citing a law enforcement source .
It said the detainees ' links with the suicide bomber were being verified .
The agency also reported that Russia 's state investigative committee had found clues at the addresses of suspected bombing accomplices . ( Reporting by Alexander Winning ; writing by Sujata Rao )
Registration is open for NeoCon 's sister show , NeoCon East , to be held in Philadelphia , Penn. , at the Pennsylvania Convention Center , Nov. 15-16 . The event will feature nearly 200 companies with products across sectors such as workplace , healthcare , education , public space , hospitality , retail and government , and programming encompassing more than 25 CEU accredited seminars , as well as an impressive group of keynotes , including Suzette Subance Ferrier , Zena Howard , David Insinga , and Alex Gilliam .
“ From varied backgrounds , the 2017 NeoCon East keynotes all share a common thread of inclusive , human-centered design for the greater good , ” said Monica DeBartolo , director of programming for NeoCon East . “ We are thrilled to showcase these inspirational thought leaders -- four influencers over two days -- at the 15th annual edition . ”
Suzette Subance Ferrier , studio design director at New York–based TPG Architecture and 2017 Contract magazine Designer of the Year recipient , will discuss in her keynote her ability to empathize with her clients in order to turn their needs and visions into finished projects . Zena Howard , managing director at Perkins & Will and senior project manager for the Smithsonian Institution 's new National Museum of African American History and Culture , is experienced in environmentally sensitive artifact exhibit areas , historically and culturally significant buildings and locations , and sustainable design in pursuit of LEED certification and other high performance building goals .
David Insinga joined the General Services Administration ( GSA ) , Public Buildings Service ( PBS ) in Washington , DC in 2007 , and is currently its chief architect . In his position , Insinga is the senior advisor to the administrator of GSA and to the commissioner of PBS regarding federal architecture and design policy and innovation , with a focus on the planning , design , and construction of federal courthouses , land ports of entry and federal office buildings . Alex Gilliam is founder and director of Public Workshop , an organization that helps clients and partners throughout the U.S. create uniquely-engaging opportunities for youth and their communities to shape the design of their schools , neighborhoods , and cities , leading multi-generational design-build community projects , develops creative placemaking initiatives , devises youth leadership programs , and creates innovative participatory design tools .
For more information , visit www.neoconeast.com .
MBABANE – A South African man was found with a 9mm pistol and 33 live rounds of ammunition while at Ludzidzini Royal residence on Sunday .
Bheki Maphumulo ( 29 ) from Durban at Newlands is said to have failed to answer the police when he was questioned about the firearm .
When he was searched , the police could not find the licence or permit for the weapon he was carrying .
In his possession , he also had his South African identity document and his passport , which was proof of his identity and his country of origin .
Maphumulo spent the night in a holding cell as he was waiting to be sent to the Mbabane Magistrates Court .
He is facing two counts .
The first count he is charged with is that of contravening Section 11 ( 1 ) as read with Section 11 ( 8 ) ( a ) of the Arms and Ammunitions Act 24/1964 as amended by Act 5/1990 .
The above section reads that upon or about April 16 , at Ludzidzini Royal Residence at Lobamba area in the district of Hhohho , the said accused person not being the holder of a valid licence or permit did wrongfully , unlawfully and intentionally have in his possession one 9mm pistol and thus did contravene the said Act .
Count two is that the accused contravened Section 11 ( 2 ) as read with Section 11 ( 8 ) ( c ) of the Arms and Ammunitions Act 24/1964 as amended by Act 5/1990 in that he was found in possession of 33 live rounds of ammunition .
Maphumulo appeared before Principal Magistrate Fikile Nhlabatsi where he stated that he would represent himself during trial .
Prosecutor Buddy Masango applied that the matter be postponed to April 27 , while they wait for the ballistic report from the police .
Masango enquired from the investigating officer when the report would come back and the officer stated that it would be back by Thursday so the accused would be brought to court on that day .
The prosecutor then made an application that Maphumulo be denied bail on the grounds that he was a flight risk since he was not a Swazi citizen . “ I plead with the court to give me bail because there is some work that I was doing at home and it is at a stand still now that I am in custody , ” Maphumulo said .
The principal magistrate then explained to the accused that it was not possible for the court to grant him bail since they feared he would leave the country before the matter was heard in court and return to South Africa where it would be hard to get him to face his charges .
ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) - Decisions made at the approaching meeting of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) will show that U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital will not be easy to implement , Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Sunday .
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses his supporters during a meeting of his ruling AK Party in Sivas , Turkey December 10 , 2017 . Yasin Bulbul/Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
A spokesman for Erdoğan on Wednesday had announced that the OIC would a hold an urgent meeting in Turkey on Dec. 13 to coordinate a response to the decision by the United States .
The OIC , established in 1969 , consists of 57 member states with a Muslim majority or a large Muslim population .
“ We explained to all our interlocutors that the United States ' decision does not comply with international law , diplomacy or humanity , ” Erdoğan said at a Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) assembly in Turkey 's central province of Sivas , referring to phone calls he made to leaders including French President Emmanuel Macron and the Pope .
“ With the roadmap we will create during the OIC meeting , we will show that the decision will not be easy to implement , ” he said , adding that Turkey considers U.S. President Trump 's Jerusalem announcement void .
The Arab League , in a statement issued after an emergency session in Cairo on Saturday , called the announcement a “ dangerous violation of international law ” and said it would seek a U.N. Security Council resolution rejecting the U.S. move .
The Arab League , which consists of Arabic-speaking nations , currently has 22 active member states .
Trump 's announcement has also upset U.S. allies in the West . At the United Nations , France , Italy , Germany , Britain and Sweden called on the United States to “ bring forward detailed proposals for an Israeli-Palestinian settlement ” .
Palestinians took to the streets after the U.S. announcement . Demonstrations also took place in Iran , Jordan , Lebanon , Tunisia , Somalia , Yemen , Malaysia and Indonesia , as well as outside the U.S. Embassy in Berlin .
VOL . 41 | NO . 32 | Friday , August 11 , 2017
TRENTON , N.J. ( AP ) — President Donald Trump lashed out at the CEO of the nation 's third-largest pharmaceutical company after he resigned from a federal advisory council , citing the president 's failure to explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier wrote on Twitter Monday that `` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which runs counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal . ''
Frazier is one of the few African Americans to head a Fortune 500 company .
Trump is under increasing pressure to call out the white supremacist and hate groups involved . He lashed out almost immediately on Monday following the resignation , saying on Twitter that Frazier will now `` have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ''
Drugmakers have come under withering criticism for soaring prices in the U.S. , including by Trump , though he has yet to act on a promise to contain them .
With the barb , Trump appeared to attack an industry executive who has tried to make drug pricing somewhat more transparent by revealing his company 's overall drug price changes .
In January , Merck reported that its average net prices — the amount the company receives after discounts and other rebates — increased in the years since 2010 in a range between 3.4 percent and 6.2 percent per year . That 's about half as large as the increase in its retail prices . Much of the furor over drug prices recently has been over increases that have been far bigger and come one after another for drugs that have been on the market for years .
The exchange lit up social media early on Monday , with many people lauding Frazier and blasting the president . Trump eventually made a statement condemning bigotry Monday afternoon at a press conference .
Meanwhile , other executives stated their support for Frazier .
Unilever CEO Paul Polman wrote on Twitter , `` Thanks @ Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is . ''
Frazier , who grew up in a poor neighborhood in Philadelphia , resigned days after one person was killed and others wounded in violent clashes between white supremacists and protesters .
Frazier and his siblings were raised by their janitor father after their mother died when he was very young . He has earned a reputation as a risk taker in the drug industry , pouring money into daunting research areas , particularly trying to develop a treatment for Alzheimer 's disease .
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June , and two other advisory groups to the president , after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement . Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned for the same reason from the President 's Strategic and Policy Forum , which Trump established to advise him on how government policy impacts economic growth and job creation .
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially , but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire , are replaced , or , as with Frazier and Musk , resign .
William Galston , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , said he could n't `` think of a parallel example '' of any president responding as viciously as Trump to a CEO departing an advisory council .
`` Usually , certain niceties are observed to smooth over a rupture , '' said Galston , who served as a domestic policy aide in the Clinton administration .
`` We 've learned that as president , Mr. Trump is behaving exactly as he did as a candidate , '' Galston said . `` He knows only one mode : When attacked , hit back harder . ''
___
AP Economics Writer Josh Boak in Washington contributed to this story .
___
Follow Linda A. Johnson at https : //twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma
Vice-Chancellor : Robots will replace teachers in a decade
ROBOTS will replace teachers in the classroom within the next ten years , says the vice-chancellor of the University of Buckingham .
Sir Anthony Seldon has written a new book on the impact of Artificial Intelligence on education .
He said programmes currently being developed in Silicon Valley , California , will learn to read the brains and facial expressions of pupils , adapting the method of communication to what works best for their learning style .
“ The technology is already beginning to arrive , ” he said . “ It is already there on the west coast of the USA and it is already beginning to transform schools . ”
In his book The Fourth Revolution , Sir Anthony pictured says that the new era of automated teaching promises an end to grouping children by year . The personalised nature of the robots will enable pupils to learn new material at their own pace , rather than as part of a class .
This is revolutionary for one-to-one learning , he says .
As part of robot-led learning , teachers would adopt the role of “ overseers ” , monitoring the progress of individual pupils , leading non-academic activities and providing pastoral support .
Sir Anthony said : “ It will open up the possibility of an Eton or Wellington-style education for all . Everyone can have the very best teacher and it is completely personalised ; the software you are working with will be with you throughout your education journey . ”
He warned , however , that the new technology would have to be carefully introduced to avoid “ infantilising ” pupils and teachers . Automated teaching would also mean that only 30 per cent of school time will be spent in class .
Sir Anthony said : “ The impact is going to be massive . This is beyond anything that we have seen in the industrial revolution or since with any other new technology . Automated teaching machines would be extraordinarily inspirational .
“ The machines will know what it is that most excites you and gives you a natural level of challenge that is not too hard or too easy but just right for you . ”
He expects the technology to become widespread within the next ten years . “ The great danger is that it takes jobs away and for humans beings much of our fulfilment in life comes from the satisfaction of work .
“ If we get the technology wrong it will end up doing everything for us in the same way that satnavs mean we no longer know how to read maps . ”
The Fourth Revolution is due out next year .
07-10-2017
New video footage has surfaced of former Port Authority Commissioner Caren Z. Turner launching into a tirade at two police officers during a routine traffic stop involving her daughter , NJ.com reports .
The more than eight-minute video was released by the Tenafly Police Department days after Turner suddenly resigned from her Port Authority position .
It appeared in the video that Turner was upset that an unregistered vehicle was being towed . Her daughter was a back seat passenger .
Turner can be seen in the Easter weekend video telling the officers :
`` You may not tell me when to take my child . You may shut the f -- - up ! ''
The officer told Turner he did n't appreciate her demeanor and she was being demanding with him . He explained that the driver , over 18 years old , had all of the information Turner was looking for and if she wanted it from police she could go to the police department Monday for the report .
`` This is a law promoted vehicle stop and you are here to pick them up , '' the officer said .
Turner told the officer that he ruined the holiday weekend `` for a lot of people , '' to which he replied :
`` I 'm just doing my job . ''
CLICK HERE TO WATCH .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
0 Atlanta school surprises students with 'Black Panther ' movie tickets in viral video
“ Black Panther ” is one of the most anticipated films of the year , and one school just surprised all of its students with tickets .
> > Read more trending news
Ron Clark Academy , a middle school located in southeast Atlanta , recently posted a video of its students dancing and chanting after learning they were headed to the theaters to see the action flick , out Feb. 16 .
The school , which has 120 students , uploaded the clip on its Facebook page Friday with the caption , “ that moment when the whole school finds out they 're going to see Marvel 's new movie , Black Panther ! ”
The nearly minute-long post quickly went viral , garnering more than 600,000 views and nearly 27,000 shares within just three hours .
Not only will the kids gather to watch the movie , they will also have a day of cultural classes , featuring lessons on African art , dance , music , math , science , history and spirituality .
“ The beauty of African traditions is woven into a sci-fi film with tremendous opportunities to have discussions about cultural and identity , ” Susan Barnes , the art teacher at the school , told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . “ Furthermore , to see a black male lead as a superhero is very powerful for our students because traditionally superheroes have been white . ”
When you find out the whole school is going to see @ theblackpanther you feel like this ! @ chadwickboseman @ michaelb4jordan pic.twitter.com/iLJrbOIDy4 — Ron Clark ( @ ronclarkacademy ) February 2 , 2018
Starring Chadwick Boseman , Michael B. Jordan , Lupita N'yongo and a host of others , the Ryan Coogler-directed movie follows Black Panther , or T'Challa , as he returns home to his African nation of Wakanda to reclaim his throne .
The entire staff , which is a diverse bunch from different backgrounds , is excited about the event , and they said they 're enthusiastic to “ provide an opportunity for discussion and reflection that will be powerful . ”
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
FRANKFURT May 2 Chinese conglomerate HNA Group has raised its stake in Deutsche Bank to 9.9 percent , a source close to Germany 's flagship lender said on Tuesday .
The move would make HNA , which holds the stake via investment vehicle C-Quadrat , the bank 's biggest shareholder ahead of Qatar , which has close to 10 percent of stock and options , and BlackRock , which owns 6.1 percent .
HNA last lifted its stake in Deutsche in March to 4.76 percent . A regulatory filing on the increase is expected in the coming days , two sources close to the bank said .
Deutsche , which is in the midst of an 8 billion euro ( $ 8.74 billion ) capital increase , declined to comment . C-Quadrat also declined to comment . The move was first reported by Bloomberg on Tuesday .
The Chinese group has been on a acquisition spree that has seen it expand from its traditional business of aviation and logistics into financial services , betting on asset managers and consumer finance for growth at home and overseas .
The moves reflect a broader push by China into financial services globally as Beijing encourages its corporate sector to expand overseas , although it faces increased regulatory scrutiny in the United States and Europe . ( $ 1 = 0.9156 euros ) ( Reporting by Alexander Huebner , writing by Emma Thomasson . Editing by Katrin Jones and Jane Merriman )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOOELE , Utah – The owner of a female husky faces a slew of charges after the dog allegedly killed more than two dozen animals in the backyards of at least two Utah homes in just a couple of hours , according to KSTU .
Police caught the culprit – a 4-year old husky – and now her owner is facing nearly 30 misdemeanor charges .
One of the Tooele residents who lost several animals , Trip Kiss , runs a petting zoo with his wife to teach animal husbandry to children with disabilities . Chickens , ducks , peacocks , a turkey and a tortoise , are just a few of the zoo 's residents .
In the early morning hours of Memorial Day , he said his motion sensors went off . When Kiss looked at the surveillance video , it showed a husky running around his yard and driveway . He said the husky was targeting his animals .
`` He was chewing our goose that was at the back end there , he dug out the rabbits in their enclosure , '' Kiss explained .
In the video , Kiss said the Husky can be seen carrying away two rabbits . It trots out of the camera 's view and into the dark .
When Kiss realized what was happening , he said the husky had already killed several of his animals .
`` Two rabbits , two ducks , five chickens , a turkey , a goose , '' Kiss said .
He said the goose was specially trained .
`` The goose was so friendly , '' Kiss said . `` It would follow us around at Renaissance fairs , charities . ''
Kiss said the husky took the animals and scattered them in a two-block radius around his home . He spotted the husky in his neighborhood with one of his chickens still alive in the dog 's mouth .
`` The dog continued to chew on it , and it died in the dog 's mouth , and he dropped it , '' Kiss said .
He called police , and Tooele Police Sergeant Jeremy Hansen said they found out Kiss was n't the only animal owner affected .
`` A second lady from a couple houses down came and told the officers that 15 of her chickens had also been killed by the same animal , '' Sgt . Hansen said .
It took a couple of hours , but they finally caught the husky and brought her to the shelter to contact the owner .
Mackenzie Morton said she got the call from the shelter to explain they had her 4-year old husky , Nikita .
Morton said Nikita went missing from her boyfriend 's home , which is n't far from Kiss ' house .
`` I did n't know where she went , because it was dark at night , '' Morton explained .
She said she looked for Nikita , and came across a few dead chickens in a neighbor 's yard .
Nikita took off from there , Morton said , and she could n't find her after that . Morton said she did n't want to wake the neighbors , so she kept the door cracked open at the house for Nikita to return .
`` I did n't think she was going to go on a killing spree , '' Morton told KSTU . `` I did not know that , at all . ''
She said what Nikita did left her in shock because her husky has n't acted like that before .
Morton is now offering an apology to the homeowners .
`` That 's not fair , '' Morton said , getting choked up . `` And I 'm so sorry . ''
For Kiss , he said he is n't mad at the dog . He explained that he 's more upset that more was n't done to catch the husky when she escaped or to alert the neighbors to the dead chickens right away .
`` I feel anger , '' Kiss said . `` I feel anger toward the owner , because she could have prevented this . ''
Sgt . Hansen said the officer cited Morton with 27 counts of misdemeanor attacking animals and one count of misdemeanor animal running at large .
He said the city attorney is screening the case for the final charges .
Nikita is in quarantine at the animal shelter . Sgt . Hansen said after the 10-day quarantine is up , an administrative hearing will determine what to do with the husky .
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) – R.A. Dickey held St. Louis to one run in seven innings , Brandon Phillips hit a two-run homer and the Atlanta Braves stopped the Cardinals ' season-high , eight-game winning streak with a 6-3 victory Sunday . Atlanta stopped a five-game losing streak , beat the Cardinals for the first time in six meetings this year .
CHICAGO ( AP ) – Whit Merrifield hit a three-run homer and drove in a career-high five runs , and the Kansas City Royals pounded the Chicago White Sox 14-6 Sunday . Drew Butera had four of Kansas City 's 16 hits , helping the Royals climb back over .500 at 59-58 . Jorge Bonifacio hit his 15th homer , and Lorenzo Cain had two hits and two RBIs .
ST. JOSEPH , Mo . ( AP ) – Andy Reid 's offense took on a distinct dink-and-dunk quality last season . The Chiefs coach appears intent to change that in the preseason , airing it out in the opener with the promise of more aggressive play-calling to come
MANHATTAN , Kan. ( AP ) – Kansas State coach Bill Snyder is back for another season , despite a cancer scare earlier this year . The 77-year-old coach believes he has a team capable of contending for a Big 12 title and even a national championship , and no amount of chemotherapy was going to keep him from leading the Wildcats for the 26th year .
LINCOLN , Neb . ( AP ) – Nebraska authorities are reminding hunters that state recreation areas are closed to hunting until September 5th . Several hunting seasons , including one for archery deer , open September 1st , and the early teal season opens September 2nd .
Football Soccer - Pescara v AS Roma - Italian Serie A - Adriatico-Giovanni Cornacchia Stadium , Pescara , Italy - 24/04/17 AS Roma 's Kevin Strootman shoot and scores first goal . REUTERS/Alberto Lingria
AS Roma midfielder Kevin Strootman has been banned for two games for diving in their 3-1 derby defeat to Lazio , Serie A 's disciplinary committee said on Tuesday .
Referee Daniele Orsato awarded a penalty after the 27-year-old fell in the penalty area , but he was retrospectively punished after replays showed he had not been touched by any Lazio player .
`` After moving the ball laterally with his foot , ( Strootman ) made an unnatural twist before falling to the ground ... '' Serie A said in a statement on their website ( www.legaseriea.it ) .
The Dutchman will miss key games against sixth-placed AC Milan on Sunday and against leaders Juventus on May 14 .
Roma are second in Serie A , nine points adrift of Juventus , but a point clear of Napoli in third .
( Reporting by Silvia Recchimuzzi in Gdynia ; Editing by Toby Davis )
Lawsuit seeks to stop wild horse removal in eastern Nevada
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to stop the Bureau of Land Management from removing wild horses from public land in eastern Nevada .
The Las Vegas Review-Journal reports the conservation group Western Watersheds Project and horse advocates The Cloud Foundation and the American Wild Horse Campaign filed the suit last week , claiming the bureau is violating federal laws .
The bureau finalized a 10-year plan earlier this year to remove wild horse herds within 40 miles ( 64 kilometers ) of the town of Caliente in Lincoln County . The plan was based on an analysis showing the herds could not be sustained on the area 's water and forage .
Bureau officials estimate that more than 1,700 horses live in the 912,000-acre ( 370,000-hectare ) area .
Bureau officials say they could n't comment on pending litigation .
___
Information from : Las Vegas Review-Journal , http : //www.lvrj.com
0 Controversial GOP memos released : 6 things to know
WASHINGTON - The House Intelligence Committee on Friday released a controversial GOP intelligence memo alleging missteps by the FBI and the Justice Department in the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and its possible ties to President Donald Trump 's campaign officials .
> > Read more trending news
The release came four days after the committee voted to release the memo . Trump approved of its release without redactions Friday .
Here are six things to know about the memo :
1 . What exactly is the memo ?
The memo was written Jan. 18 by staff of the House Intelligence Committee , chaired by Rep. Devin Nunes , R-California . It was written as part of the committee 's investigation into the use of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by FBI and Justice Department officials investigating Russian election meddling .
2 . What is it about ?
Former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page and the infamous -- and mostly unverified -- dossier compiled by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele , for the most part .
In the memo , officials claimed that investigators failed to provide “ an accounting of relevant facts ” when they sought and received a FISA order authorizing electronic surveillance of Page in October 2016 . Officials renewed the warrant three times , each renewal covering 90 days .
3 . Steele dossier ‘ formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application
Officials said the dossier , compiled by Steele and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign , “ formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. ” None of the applications submitted to get the FISA warrant on Page mentioned the fact that the dossier was funded by Democrats , according to the memo .
Officials also questioned the veracity of the dossier and the reliability of Steele as a source for the FBI , noting that he spoke with members of the media multiple times -- a violation of “ the most cardinal rule of source handling -- maintaining confidentiality ” -- and made comments disparaging of Trump .
4 . Information on George Papadopoulos led to FBI investigation
Also mentioned in the FISA application was former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos , who pleaded guilty in October to lying to federal authorities investigating alleged Russian meddling and its possible ties to the Trump campaign .
Information about Papadopoulos is what “ triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete Strzok , ” officials said in the memo . Strzok was removed from the investigation after anti-Trump text messages between himself and FBI attorney Lisa Page surfaced . Critics have said that the messages showed a clear bias in the investigation .
5 . What was Page 's role in the Trump presidential campaign ?
Page was n't a part of the Trump presidential campaign on Oct. 21 , 2016 , when authorities got the warrant to surveil him .
Then-candidate Trump announced that Page would serve as part of his team in March 2016 , according to PBS Newshour . Five months later , in August , Trump named him an informal adviser to the campaign as questions surfaced about a trip Page took to Moscow in July 2016 . By September , Page was no longer part of the Trump campaign .
THIS . IMPORTANT CARTER PAGE DATES :
3/21/16 : Trump says Page is on campaign team
8/5/16 : Trump campaign says Page is a informal adviser
9/24/16 : Trump campaign denies Page has a role . He is out .
10/21/16 ( NEW ) : DOJ/FBI seek FISA warrant . — Lisa Desjardins ( @ LisaDNews ) February 2 , 2018
6. Who decided to release the memo ?
In a letter released by officials Friday , White House counsel Donald McGahn said the memo was released after a review by lawyers and national security staff , including officials with the Office of the Director of National Security and the Justice Department .
“ To be clear , the memorandum reflects the judgments of its congressional authors , ” McGahn wrote . “ The president understands that oversight concerning matters related to the memorandum may be continuing . ”
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Euro , Hong Kong dollar , U.S. dollar , Japanese yen , pound and Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen in this picture illustration , January 21 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jason Lee/Illustration/File Photo
NEW YORK The U.S. dollar eased off a six-week high against the yen and fell against the euro after weak U.S. April auto sales added to worries that the Federal Reserve may eventually take a more dovish-than-expected view on interest rate increases over the remainder of the year .
No . 1 U.S. automaker GM ( GM.N ) reported a 6 percent decline in April sales . Sales at Ford ( F.N ) , the No . 2 U.S. automaker , fell 7.2 percent in April , while Toyota 7203.TTM.N recorded a drop of 4.4 percent .
The declines in U.S. new vehicle sales followed data on Monday showing weak U.S. factory activity and inflation and last week 's release of U.S. first-quarter gross domestic product growth , which showed the weakest performance in three years .
`` The bigger risk of this autos data is that it reflects a broader slowdown in consumption , '' said Thierry Albert Wizman , global interest rates and currencies strategist at Macquarie Ltd in New York .
`` It kind of gives a little bit of support to the guys who are saying it 's one more and done , '' Wizman said in reference to the possibility of just one more Fed rate hike this year .
The dollar had gained as much as 0.4 percent against the yen to 112.30 yen , its highest since March 21 , as risk appetite fueled losses in the safe-haven Japanese currency . The dollar was last just 0.1 percent higher against the yen at 111.97 yen as risk appetite faded .
The euro was last up 0.3 percent against the dollar at $ 1.0925 after trading negative against the dollar earlier in the session .
Traders were awaiting a policy statement from the Fed at the end of its two-day meeting on Wednesday and Friday 's U.S. April non-farm payrolls report from the U.S. Labor Department . Economists polled by Reuters expect U.S. employers to have added 185,000 jobs last month , up from March 's 98,000 .
The Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady at its meeting this week as it pauses to parse more economic data but may hint it is on track for an increase in June .
`` If there is a weak ( non-farm payrolls reading ) ... the Fed will start running out of strong arguments for a June rate hike , '' said Alfonso Esparza , senior currency strategist at Oanda in Toronto .
The dollar index .DXY , which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals , was last down 0.1 percent at 98.982 .
( Reporting by Sam Forgione ; additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London ; Editing by David Gregorio )
April 28 Calpine Corp
* Calpine reports first quarter 2017 results , reaffirms 2017 guidance ; announces cancellation of new Texas power plant , replaces with 10-year supply contract
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.16
* Qtrly operating revenues $ 2,281 million versus $ 1,615 million last year
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.11 , revenue view $ 1.40 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $ 0.45 , revenue view $ 5.42 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Calpine Corp - reaffirming full year guidance range of $ 1.8 billion to $ 1.95 billion of adjusted EBITDA
* Calpine Corp - completed $ 233 million of FY target of $ 850 million in debt reduction , on track to complete $ 2.7 billion of planned debt paydown by end of 2019 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Honeymoon over , a long life together got underway .
`` We wanted a home and we wanted a family , '' Joe says .
On Nov. 11 , 1948 – Joe remembers all dates – they moved into a place of their own , a four-room $ 4,400 cottage at 152 East 26th . They had David , Chris and Sam . Then they moved six blocks east and had three more children – Joey , Nanette , Jennifer .
Money was short ; life was good . No budget for Florida vacations , but there were backyard barbecues with neighbours , euchre nights , bowling tournaments , house parties .
And Joe had a job he loved , with the Hamilton Street Railway . He started off as a streetcar driver on the Belt Line and rose through the ranks . Today we call the streetcar the LRT , and Hamilton is to get a billion-dollar line .
Hamilton 's last street car went down the tracks on April 6 , 1951 . Joe remembers the guys who manned the line when he did , and there have been too many funerals .
`` I think I might be the last surviving street car driver , '' he says .
It 's good to live long , but by 95 losses do mount .
`` That 's the hardest thing , '' Anne says . `` We had such wonderful friends , and they 're all gone . ''
Joe and Anne lost children too . Daughter Jennifer was hit by a car , age five . And cancer took son Chris a few years ago .
`` Many , many days , you still shed tears , '' Anne says .
She and Joe have 11 grandchildren and 12 great-grandchildren , and that is a comfort .
Granddaughter Emma Borsellino is 28 . She started teaching at Delta Secondary this fall , and is now head of the music department . On a PD day this month , she brought her grandmother to school .
Anne graduated from Delta in 1940 . The school scared her .
`` My family had nothing . We were on relief . And Delta was in an area where all the kids had nice clothes . ''
With Emma , she went to the office where principal McGarvin ruled in her day .
She walked the halls , went to the gym . The memories flooded back .
`` Before Delta , I was just a girl , '' she says . `` At high school , I became somebody . ''
Then along came Joe . And the rest is Hamilton history of the very best kind .
Paul Wilson 's column appears Tuesdays in the GO section .
PaulWilson.Hamilton @ gmail.com
@ PaulWilsonInHam
John Kelley served in World War II as a paratrooper . Now , he has a building named after him .
April 28 Bloomin ' Brands Inc
* Bloomin ' Brands Inc - sale and refranchising of 45 outback steakhouses in Arizona , Colorado , Nevada and New Mexico
* Bloomin ' Brands , Inc refranchises 54 company-owned locations to longtime franchise partners
* Bloomin ' Brands Inc - sale and refranchising of 45 outback steakhouses to Cerca Trova Restaurant Concepts Inc and its affiliates
* Bloomin ' Brands - sale of eight outback restaurants and 1 Carrabba 's Italian Grill in Montana , South Dakota , Utah & Wyoming to Evergreen Restaurant Group Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller .
Related : Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015 , claiming he was fired after false allegations that he groped the singer at an event in 2013 . Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery .
“ Taylor Swift did not act improperly , ” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver , according to the New York Times . Martínez said Mueller offered , “ insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when she reported an assault she truly believed happened . ”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case , the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants , Swift 's mother , Andrew Swift , and Frank Bell ( one of Swift 's managers ) . Swift 's countersuit will also continue .
Closing arguments are expected today .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Next Digital Ltd :
* ‍ TRADING IN CO ‘ S SHARES HALTED PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT ON INSIDE INFORMATION OF CO​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Documentary examines struggle of Holocaust survivors to move on
LONDON , June 14 A documentary opening in British cinemas this week examines the challenges faced by Holocaust survivors in rebuilding their lives after enduring the horrors of World War Two and the Nazi concentration camps .
Last fall , almost all the provinces failed to meet federal deadlines for caribou recovery plans .
McFatridge said better co-operation between the federal , provincial and territorial governments on Crown land is needed . Ottawa can put protections in place on federal lands , but not others .
`` It forms a bit of a patchwork . We need to see much more active co-operation . ''
He suggested provinces could establish species at risk permits similar to ones that exist for federal Crown land . The permits are required for work that could disturb the habitat of the most threatened species .
As well , he said , governments need to work harder to bring private landowners into the game . About half of all species at risk have habitat on private land .
Governments should use compensation to get more landowners to preserve habitat , the report concludes . Tools such as conservation easements , which restrict the type of development that can occur , should be used more often .
`` In some cases , it 's going to require payments for farmers , especially if the species at risk is a nuisance for their property , because they 're providing a benefit for us , '' McFatridge said .
Ottawa also has to be willing to move on its own , he said . The act currently allows the federal government to move in with a special protection order if a province lags too much in establishing a recovery plan .
But the act already contains the necessary tools , McFatridge said .
`` It 's not necessarily throwing out the baby with the bathwater , but building on and scaling up and pushing further some of the things we 're already doing . ''
The current approach is n't working , he said .
`` Species are just going to continue to deteriorate .
`` We need to be doing a lot more to reverse that trend line . That will take commitment and that will take resources . ''
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Independent magazine for creative inspiration , free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists , designers and photographers .
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners .
May 3 Align Technology Inc
* Align Technology announces $ 50 million accelerated stock repurchase program
* Align Technology Inc - repurchase of $ 50 million of Align 's common stock part of company 's $ 300 million stock repurchase program announced on April 28 , 2016
* Align Technology Inc - Align has agreed to repurchase $ 50 million of its common stock through Wells Fargo , with an initial delivery of about 261,000 shares
* Align Technology - transaction is expected to be completed approximately three months from May 3 , 2017 and will be funded with company 's cash on hand Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BELFAST , Ireland — Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos has been released from Germany 's World Cup qualifying squad to allow him to recover from a rib injury .
Kroos recently missed games for Madrid with the same injury but played in Germany 's 3-1 win over Northern Ireland on Thursday , helping the team secure qualification for next year 's tournament in Russia .
The German soccer federation says Kroos left the team hotel in Belfast on Friday morning in order to `` fully heal . ''
Germany coach Joachim Loew says `` we know what Toni can give us . When it comes down to it we can always rely on him . The deciding factor was that he is completely fit for next year . ''
The camp of Vice President Leni Robredo also says former senator Ferdinand Marcos Jr should be the first to pay the recount fee
MANILA , Philippines – Veteran election lawyer Romulo Macalintal said Monday , April 17 , that former senator Ferdinand Marcos should pay P185 million , not just P66 million , in order for his election protest against Vice President Leni Robredo to proceed .
Macalintal , Robredo 's lawyer , explained that Marcos ' protest covers the entire election system since he questioned the integrity and reliability of the vote-counting machines ( VCMs ) and storage devices in 92,509 clustered precincts , which consist of 369,138 established precincts .
Robredo 's legal team stressed that in Marcos ' previous motion granted by the Supreme Court ( SC ) , he asked for the protection of all VCMs , consolidating canvass system units , and SD cards in all precincts .
`` That 's his total obligation in his protest . While he said that he is contesting 36,000 precincts , what he 's actually contesting is the entire clustered precincts , 92,000 , that functioned during the 2016 election , '' said Macalintal as he gave reporters a summary of their camp 's manifestation filed last April 12 .
The manifestation was submitted before the SC , sitting as the Presidential Electoral Tribunal ( PET ) , after it ordered Marcos and Robredo to pay P66 million and P15 million , respectively , as fee for the recount of the ballots being contested .
Both camps were given until Monday to settle the first tranche of the payment and until July 14 to pay the balance .
In his election case against Robredo , Marcos is questioning over 39,221 clustered precincts , composed of 132,446 established precincts . While he is only seeking a recount for 36,465 clustered precincts , the PET ordered him to pay for the established precincts he is questioning .
In Robredo 's counter-protest , meanwhile , she is contesting 8,042 clustered precincts , consisting of 31,278 established precincts .
Marcos ' lawyer Vic Rodriguez said they filed a motion for reconsideration last week , asking the court to compute for the clustered precincts being contested and not the established precincts .
Marcos ' motion for reconsideration and Robredo 's manifestation led to the suspension of the Monday deadline as the PET has yet to settle the issues raised .
Robredo 's lawyers also argued that Marcos ' protest caused the delay in the return of the VCMs leased by service provider Smartmatic to the Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) . This incurred a P2.1-billion fee for the Comelec for failure to return on time .
Robredo 's camp has asked the SC to instruct the Comelec to provide an itemized list of expenses stemming from the delay in the return of the VCMs .
'Marcos must pay first '
Also included in Robredo 's manifestation is her lawyers ' argument that the Vice President should only pay for the required amount after Marcos has proven that there is sufficient basis in his protest by initiating the recount of the first batch of ballots .
Macalintal said that under the PET rules , the `` initial reception of evidence '' will proceed when the Marcos camp identifies 3 provinces where they could recover reports of poll fraud .
`` 'Pag nabuksan [ ang balota sa ] tatlong probinsya , saka pa lamang pag-uusapan kung matutuloy ang pagbabayad , '' said Macalintal .
( When the ballots in 3 provinces have been opened , that 's the only time that discussion on whether or not our payment of the fee will proceed . )
`` Mr Marcos should first prove that they will be able to recover votes . He should first deposit the money and have the ballots opened for us to see that his protest has basis . Because why would we deposit P15 million but in the end , nothing will happen ? '' he said in a mix of English and Filipino .
The lawyer also highlighted that the payment of the PET fee , at P500 per precinct , is just the tip of the iceberg . Those involved in the case should also pay the revisors at least P1,500 each . Each revising team is composed of 3 revisors – a representative of the PET , and representatives from two contending camps .
Macalintal said this will cost both Marcos and Robredo another P775 million each for the whole duration of the protest .
Marcos , who lost the vice presidential race to Robredo by 263,473 votes , accused Robredo and the Liberal Party of orchestrating massive fraud in the May 2016 elections . His protest was filed in June last year . – Rappler.com
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
ARLINGTON , Va. — Washington Capitals forward Nathan Walker will become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when he makes his debut Saturday night against the Montreal Canadiens .
Walker grew up in Sydney after he and his family emigrated from the United Kingdom when he was 2 . After his brother Ryan was exposed to the sport , it became clear Nathan had pro potential and he moved to the Czech Republic at age 13 to play minor and then junior hockey .
`` It definitely made me a little bit more independent earlier on , '' Walker said . `` I think it just made me mature quicker . ''
On the ice , Walker said practicing twice a day with HC Vitkovice 's under-18 and under-20 teams helped his game mature .
`` It 's definitely a big jump , '' Walker said . `` You 've got a lot more time to work on your skills while you 're younger . ''
Walker has played just seven games in the Australian Ice Hockey League back home . Internationally , he had six points in four games as Australia won the International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship Division II in 2011 and then two assists the next year in the IIHF World Championship Division I .
Walker said he has n't thought much about being the first Australian to play in the NHL .
`` At the end of the day , I 'm just another guy on the team , another guy in the league , another guy playing the sport we all love , '' Walker said .
Walker is no stranger to NHL history . After playing for the United States Hockey League 's Youngstown Phantoms and American Hockey League 's Hershey Bears , Walker became the first Australian selected in the NHL draft when the Capitals took him in the third round in 2014 .
Washington general manager Brian MacLellan has noticed significant strides in Walker 's game since then .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
French court advisor says Google not liable for back taxes
PARIS , June 14 U.S. internet giant Google should not be held liable for over one billion euros ( $ 1.13 billion ) in back taxes in France , an independent court advisor recommended to French judges , a court official said on Tuesday .
( Corrects paragraph 13 to read `` including Charles Schwab , chairman of the board of Charles Schwab Corp '' instead of `` including Charles Schwab Corp '' )
By David Shepardson and Diane Bartz
WASHINGTON , April 19 Large U.S. companies and their executives helped President Donald Trump raise a record-setting $ 106.7 million for inauguration festivities in January , according to a U.S. government filing released on Wednesday .
That tally more than doubled the prior 2009 record of $ 53.2 million for President Barack Obama 's first inauguration , which had topped the previous 2005 record of $ 42.3 million for President George W. Bush , government records showed .
The biggest donor by far to Trump 's inauguration was Sheldon Adelson , casino magnate and founder of Las Vegas Sands Corp . He gave $ 5 million , according to the 58th Presidential Inaugural Committee 's filing with the Federal Election Commission . Adelson declined comment .
Many of the companies that donated to Trump , a Republican , have significant matters pending before the U.S. government or have been invited to White House events .
Many of the companies which made donations to the 2017 event also donated to Obama 's prior inauguration .
For example , aerospace and defense groups Boeing Co and Lockheed Martin Corp each donated $ 1 million to Trump 's inauguration fund , the filing said .
Boeing had donated $ 1 million to the 2013 Obama inauguration , according to the OpenSecrets website run by the Center for Responsive Politics , a campaign finance watchdog .
Money donated to the Trump inaugural committee falls into two categories , said Larry Sabato , political analyst at the University of Virginia .
`` It 's either make-up money or it 's a continuation of support by people who are invested in Trump . You do n't give this kind of money to get a few tickets to inaugural balls , '' he said .
Trump publicly criticized both Boeing and Lockheed Martin before his inauguration . In Twitter messages he said costs on Boeing 's new Air Force One plane were `` out of control '' and urged the federal government to `` Cancel order ! ''
Trump in December sent a Twitter message saying the cost of Lockheed Martin 's F-35 fighter jet was also `` out of control . ''
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Wednesday that inaugurations have `` pretty much been a nonpartisan activity ... This is a time-honored tradition , and I think a lot of Americans and companies and entities are proud to support the inaugural . ''
Financial services companies and executives were among the $ 1-million donors to Trump 's big festivities , including Charles Schwab , chairman of the board of Charles Schwab Corp , Bank of America Corp , financier Henry Kravis and Cantor Fitzgerald Chairman Howard Lutnick . Their industry is eager for Trump to roll back regulatory reforms put in place after the 2008 financial crisis .
Coal and oil companies were also prominent donors . Clifford Forrest , owner of the Rosebud Mining Co , gave $ 1 million .
AT & T gave nearly $ 2.1 million in cash and services . It is seeking approval from the Trump administration to acquire Time Warner Inc. AT & T donated $ 4.6 million to the 2013 Obama inauguration , according to OpenSecrets .
`` For many years , AT & T has contributed to our nation 's presidential inaugural celebrations , '' said AT & T spokesman Mike Balmoris .
Boeing , Lockheed Martin and Kravis declined comment . Bank of America , Charles Schwab , Forrest and Lutnick did not immediately respond to a request for comment . ( Additional reporting by Mike Stone , Lisa Lambert and Valerie Volcovici ; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Bill Rigby )
( Adds details from report , background )
OTTAWA , April 13 Canadian new home prices rose in February , driven by higher costs in Toronto and other cities in Ontario , Statistics Canada said on Thursday in a report that was likely to underscore concerns that some markets are becoming too hot .
The 0.4 percent increase topped economists ' forecast for a gain of 0.2 percent . Compared to a year ago , prices were up 3.3 percent , the fastest pace of growth since June 2010 . The home price index excludes apartments and condominiums .
Toronto was the top contributor , up 1.0 percent on the month as builders cited a shortage of land and improving market conditions . On the year , home prices in Toronto climbed 8.6 percent , the biggest increase since January 1990 .
The price acceleration in Toronto has prompted some economists to say the city 's real estate market is in a bubble . The Bank of Canada said on Wednesday that there are speculative forces at work in Toronto .
The price gains in Toronto have also spilled over to other nearby cities , with Oshawa up 1.2 percent on the month , while Hamilton gained 1.0 percent , the largest gain since July 2009 . Prices increased in all 10 areas surveyed in the province of Ontario .
( Reporting by Leah Schnurr ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
SEOUL Ousted South Korean President Park Geun-hye was waiting on Thursday for a court 's decision on whether she will be arrested in a corruption scandal that has cost her the presidency and gripped the country .
Park , 65 , became the country 's first democratically elected leader to be ousted from office when the Constitutional Court upheld a parliamentary impeachment vote on March 10 . A presidential election will be held on May 9 .
Following is a timeline of the main developments in the scandal and events in her life and political career .
1952 : Park is born in Daegu , 280 km ( 170 miles ) southeast of Seoul
1974 : Park 's mother is killed by a bullet fired by a pro-North Korea assassin trying to kill her father , President Park Chung-hee . Park became acting first lady .
1979 : Park 's father is assassinated by his disgruntled spy chief .
1998 : Park returns to political life after years of seclusion . She becomes a member of parliament with a vow to save the country as it suffers through the Asian financial crisis .
2004 : Park becomes leader of the main conservative party , which scores an upset victory in parliamentary elections .
2006 : An assailant slashes Park 's cheek with a knife during an election rally .
Dec 2012 : Park defeats liberal opponent Moon Jae-in to be elected president .
Feb 25 , 2013 : Park is sworn in as the first female president of South Korea , promising an era of hope .
April 16 , 2014 : The Sewol ferry sinks with the death of 304 people , most of them school children . The toll is attributed to the Park government 's failure to act quickly .
Oct 25 , 2016 : Park makes her first public apology for giving a friend , Choi Soon-sil , access to draft speeches during the first months of her presidency .
Oct 31 , 2016 : State prosecutors arrest Choi on suspicion of exerting inappropriate influence over state affairs .
Nov 4 , 2016 : Park makes her second televised apology , saying she would take responsibility if found guilty .
Nov 20 , 2016 : Prosecutors indict Choi on charges of abuse of power and attempted fraud .
Nov 29 , 2016 : In her third televised apology , Park asks parliament to decide how and when she could give up power because of the scandal .
Dec 9 , 2016 : Parliament votes to impeach Park . She is stripped of powers while awaiting a court decision on the vote . Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn becomes acting president .
Jan 1 , 2017 : Park denies wrongdoing , calling accusations `` fabrication and falsehood '' .
Feb 17 : Samsung Group chief Jay Y. Lee arrested for suspected role in the scandal .
Feb 28 : Special prosecutor indicts Lee and other company executives for bribery and embezzlement .
March 6 : The special prosecutor says Park colluded with Choi to take bribes from the Samsung Group , paving the way for her to be prosecuted if she is ousted from office .
March 9 : Lee 's trial begins on charges of bribery and embezzlement . He was indicted on charges including pledging 43 billion won ( $ 37.24 million ) in payments to Choi .
March 10 : Constitutional Court upholds parliament 's vote to impeach Park , removing her from office .
March 21 : Park appears at prosecutors ' office as a suspect to answer questions over suspected bribery and abuse of power .
March 30 : Park attends a court hearing that will decide if she should be arrested on charges including bribery .
( The story corrects spelling of Daegu in paragraph four )
( Reporting by Ju-min Park ; Editing by Robert Birsel and Paul Tait )
Los Angeles approves $ 10M to help separated children
Photo : Willy Sanjuan , Willy Sanjuan/Invision/AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 People hold signs as they participate in the `` Families Belong Together : Freedom for Immigrants '' march on Saturday , June 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . In major cities and tiny towns , marchers gathered across America , moved by accounts of children separated from their parents at the U.S.-Mexico border , in the latest act of mass resistance against President Donald Trump 's immigration policies . ( Photo by Willy Sanjuan/Invision/AP ) fewer People hold signs as they participate in the `` Families Belong Together : Freedom for Immigrants '' march on Saturday , June 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . In major cities and tiny towns , marchers gathered across ... more Photo : Willy Sanjuan , Willy Sanjuan/Invision/AP Los Angeles approves $ 10M to help separated children 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Los Angeles on Tuesday approved using a $ 10 million fund to provide legal help to children separated from their parents at the U.S.-Mexico border .
The City Council and county Board of Supervisors voted to expand the LA Justice Fund , created last year to help immigrants without violent pasts who are facing deportation .
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and Supervisor Hilda Solis announced creation of the fund in 2016 ahead of an anticipated immigration crackdown by President Donald Trump .
Garcetti said in a news release Tuesday that `` no child should endure the trauma of being separated from their parents or the terror of not knowing if they will ever see their families again . ''
`` ... We must do everything possible to reunify these families now , '' Garcetti said . `` Los Angeles is answering cruelty with compassion — by giving hope and assistance to people in desperate need . ''
Solis said the county `` will always stand with immigrants and asylum seekers . ''
`` No one in this country , let alone a small child , should be forced to defend themselves in court alone , '' she said in a news release .
She said the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement estimates more than 100 children are in the area after being separated from their parents .
More than 2,000 children have been taken from their families at the border in recent weeks and scattered in different states under Trump 's zero-tolerance policy , which criminally prosecutes adults caught crossing the border illegally . But amid an international outcry , Trump issued an executive order last week to stop the separation of immigrant families at the border .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - THE DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE AND ECONOMY OF THE BASQUE GOVERNMENT :
* RESOLVES TO EXCLUDE RONSA SA SHARES FROM TRADING ON BILBAO STOCK EXCHANGE WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Updated at 6 p.m . ET
One day after a car plowed into a group of people protesting a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Va. , the victim of that attack has been identified as Heather Heyer . The Charlottesville resident was 32 years old .
Two state troopers , Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M . Bates , also died Saturday , when their helicopter crashed en route to the scene of the violence . Dozens of other people were treated for injuries throughout the day , including 19 from the car crash .
Heyer 's friend and co-worker Courtney Commander told NPR that the two of them had debated whether to go to this weekend 's counterprotest and that Heyer was worried about the potential of violence .
“ She said to us many times like ‘ I want to go so bad , but I just do n't want to die . I 'm so scared because these people are so serious , ' and she was the only one that lost her life , ” said Commander , who worked with Heyer at Miller Law Group in Charlottesville . “ I just feel so bad . ”
Commander said that before this weekend , Heyer had not attended protests but often spoke out about issues .
“ Heather denounced any type of discrimination , not just racism , ” Commander said . “ She stood up for gay rights — and just anything she felt like was wrong , she stood for . ”
Heyer grew up a little north of Charlottesville , where Justin Marks first met her in high school .
“ She had the biggest sense of humor ; her wit was unparalleled , ” Marks said . “ She could debate anyone under the table and she had an answer for everything ; she was just awake . ”
Throughout the day on Sunday , people delivered candles , notes of sympathy and flowers to the site where Heyer died , reports Mallory Noe-Payne of member station WVTF . And in a statement of condolence , the city of Charlottesville called Heyer 's death a “ senseless act of violence . ”
“ While it will never make up for the loss of a member of our community , we will pursue charges against the driver of the vehicle that caused her death and are confident justice will prevail , ” the statement said .
Virginia State Police said the helicopter car
rying troopers Cullen and Bates was “ assisting public safety resources with the ongoing situation ” before falling into a wooded area in Albemarle County , where Charlottesville is located .
State police , the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board continue to investigate the cause of the helicopter crash , though they say there is “ no indication of foul play being a factor . ”
Virginia State Police Superintendent Col. W. Steven Flaherty shared his condolences in the department 's statement .
“ Our state police and law enforcement family at-large are mourning this tragic outcome to an already challenging day , ” he said . “ Their deaths are a tremendous loss to our agency and the Commonwealth . ”
Cullen of Midlothian , Va. , “ was a highly-respected professional aviator , ” Flaherty said .
The 48-year-old trooper graduated from the Virginia State Police Academy in 1994 as a member of the 90th Basic Session . He joined the Virginia State Police Aviation Unit in 1999 and is survived by his wife and two sons .
Fellow trooper Bates of Quinton , Va. , would have turned 41 years old on Sunday , police said .
Bates had just joined the aviation unit in July — “ a welcome addition , ” Flaherty said , “ after a distinguished assignment as a special agent with our Bureau of Criminal Investigation . ”
In 2004 , he graduated from the state police academy as a member of the 107th Basic Session . Bates is survived by his wife , son and daughter .
The city of Charlottesville also expressed its sorrow over the deaths of Cullen and Bates .
“ Virginia State Police Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M. M. Bates were working with the Charlottesville Police and their brothers and sisters in the Virginia State Police to help ensure the safety of the many city residents and visitors who were in Charlottesville yesterday , ” the statement read .
“ These men gave their lives in the line of duty and our gratitude to them can not be overstated . ”
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
Bringing you Local , Regional and International News right here in Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
LaForge said he 's slowing down and instead of so many ‘ stings ' wants to focus on law reform to keep pedophiles in jail longer
Surrey Creep Catchers ' president Ryan LaForge said he 's “ done with citizens arrests ” and “ done getting the police involved ” after pleading guilty to two counts of assault this week .
“ It has nothing to do with police themselves , every cop I 've dealt with has been good , ” LaForge told the Now-Leader Tuesday , the day after he pleads guilty to two counts of assault in Surrey Provincial Court which stemmed from “ stings ” his group did in Whalley on April 3 and 19 , 2017 .
“ I have no hard feelings or whatever , but they 're up against the same battle we are , as a community… . I do n't know what it 's going to take for everyone to wake up at the same time and say enough 's enough , ” he added .
In the April 3 incident , LaForge said he performed a “ citizens arrest ” on a man he alleged came to pay for sex with a six-year-old outside the Tim Horton 's at Central City Shopping Centre , in the 10100-block of King George Boulevard .
While the convictions have led to LaForge discontinuing such “ citizens arrests , ” they do n't deter him from continuing to conduct “ stings , ” which involve Creep Catchers representatives posing as children online , arranging to meet adults who think they 've been communicating with a child and confronting them , while filming them .
LaForge said Tuesday he is still live streaming videos of “ stings ” on Facebook , which he then removes from Facebook and posts on his website .
While the group was doing about “ five catches a day ” in their early days in 2016 , LaForge said he aims for one a week now .
“ I 've slowed down for a couple of reasons , ” he said Tuesday . “ One is just for my mental well-being . I 'm just taking it a lot slower , to just take care of myself mentally , have more time for my family and stuff . I work more , I kind of ran out of my savings after a good year , so I 'm back to work . ”
LaForge said he 's changing gears , to a degree , and instead of so many “ stings , ” wants to focus his time on changes to legislation to keep convicted pedophiles in prison longer .
“ I knew I had to attack this epidemic from another position , ” LaForge said . “ I 'm sitting here catching guys all the time and yes , it 's exposing them , people are seeing it , it 's creating awareness , but I feel like a dog chasing my own tail . I want to see the laws change so if and when these guys are caught by police there 's a mandatory minimum sentence . ”
Long sentences are “ too rare , ” he added .
“ It 's not fair , they leave a trail of broken children , ” LaForge said , noting he 's also become frustrated with other aspects of the system .
“ People say ‘ it 's not even a real child , ' ” when referencing Surrey Creep Catcher stings , he said , “ but that 's what 's wrong with the justice system . They wait for a victim before they can do anything . Unfortunately , I get parents messaging me all the time… . Our laws are a joke . That 's the sad , sad thing . India just adopted a death penalty for sexual assault under the age of 12 . We have third and second world countries taking stands against this and here we are , protecting them . ”
Further , LaForge said the group is also pushing for a public registry of sex offenders .
But , he acknowledged , those would be “ huge , huge steps ” and said he 's working with “ not a lot of resources . ”
See more : Surrey Creep Catchers ' Ryan LaForge charged with assault , uttering threats ( May 18 , 2017 )
See also : Creep Catcher Surrey president undettered by privacy complaint investigation
See also : SURREY 'S CREEP CATCHER : Ryan LaForge aims to weed out ‘ potential predators ' and ‘ blast ' them on social media
In court on Monday , LaForge plead guilty to two counts of assault . While he had also faced charges of uttering threats and breach of undertaking , those were stayed .
LaForge will not serve any jail time , but was handed 12 months probation and was given a conditional sentence .
His conditions include keeping the peace , notifying the court and probation office of any change in employment or occupation , to not possess anything resembling a weapon , and to not publish or make publicly available on the internet any information about individuals targeted by the group .
A former member of the group , Lance Loy , on May 22 also plead guilty to assault in connection to the April 19 , 2017 incident .
Also facing charges after the April 3 incident is Burnaby resident Kuljinder Singh Bhatti , 35 . Bhatti is accused of trying to lure a minor for a sexual purpose and making an arrangement with a person for a sexual offence involving a person under age 18 .
Bhatti 's next appearance in Vancouver Provincial Court is set for Aug. 27 .
Since Surrey Creep Catchers ' inception , Surrey RCMP have cautioned the public against such work .
“ Police want to remind the public that vigilantism , no matter how well meaning , poses significant risks to the safety of all those involved , ” Surrey RCMP Corporal Scotty Schumann said last year . “ Using our highly trained investigators in a controlled environment is the best way to get dangerous offenders off our streets and ensure they are held accountable . ”
He said police advise the public to go to www . cybertip.ca to report incidents of online sexual exploitation of children .
Meantime , Surrey Creep Catchers made national headlines September of 2016 after a woman working with the group posed as a 15-year-old girl and allegedly communicated with an off-duty Surrey Mountie online after posting an ad on Craigslist .
A meeting was set up outside the Boston Pizza at Surrey Central Shopping Mall in Whalley and LaForge and his crew live-streamed the sting on the Internet .
Constable Dario Devic was arrested on Sept. 9 , 2016 and suspended from police duty . Devic was then charged in October , 2016 and currently faces one charge of child luring . He is due in Surrey Provincial Court on June 4 .
-With files from Tom Zytaruk
amy.reid @ surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and follow Amy on Twitter
While saying he does n't want to get ahead of the justice committee , House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez says witness accounts prove there 's weight to the impeachment complaint
Published 5:06 PM , December 12 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Although the House committee on justice will still hold more hearings to determine probable cause in an impeachment complaint against Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno , House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez thinks it 's there , as clear as day .
`` Sa tingin ko , sobra-sobra ( In my opinion , it 's very obvious ) , '' said Alvarez on Tuesday , December 12 , when asked if he personally thinks there is probable cause to pursue the complaint and therefore , recommend Sereno 's impeachment .
Determination of probable cause is the last step before the committee finally votes on whether to reject the complaint or impeach Sereno . The committee report will then be forwarded to the House plenary , which can either vote to reject or accept the report .
If at least one-third of the House vote in favor of a report that recommends the Chief Justice 's impeachment or against a report that recommends the rejection of the complaint , Sereno will be impeached . The case will then go up to the Senate , sitting as the impeachment court . ( READ : FAST FACTS : How does impeachment work ? )
`` Ayoko lang mag-ano dahil ayaw ko pangunahan ang committee pero lahat tayo nakapanood , napanood natin kung ano sinabi ng mga nag-testify ... siguro naman malinaw na siguro para makita ng sambayanan na talagang merong laman 'yung impeachment complaint , '' said Alvarez .
( I do n't want to comment because I do n't want to get ahead of the committee but all of us saw what those who testified said . Maybe by now it 's clear to the entire country that the impeachment complaint really has basis . )
During the final impeachment committee hearing for 2017 , 4 associate justices of the Supreme Court ( SC ) , 3 of them incumbent , stood as witnesses for the complaint filed by lawyer Larry Gadon . The 4 justices ' testimonies went beyond what was expected , as they detailed Sereno 's alleged `` transgressions '' in making decisions without the SC en banc 's knowledge .
Associate Justice Francis Jardeleza , whose inclusion in the Judicial and Bar Council ( JBC ) shortlist was blocked by Sereno , accused the Chief Justice of treason years after she had hinted at his disloyalty to the country .
Alvarez pointed out that treason can not be committed when the country is not at war , but said Sereno 's actions could fall under betrayal of public trust , which is an impeachable offense . ( READ : Alvarez : Sereno impeachment a constitutional , not political , process )
The committee will resume hearings in January 2018 , and will likely put the matter to a vote by then . ( READ : Impeachment committee question : Is Sereno still fit to hold office ? ) – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
If you take I-10 or Highway 90 west of Highway 49 in Harrison County , there really is n't a road that connects these two traffic arteries in a straight shot . That 's something the County Board of Supervisors wants to change .
Again Burlington voters are indebted to the Burlington chapter of the Canadian Federation of University Women ( CFUW ) . They hosted a Meet the Candidates debate Monday night among our four local contenders , ably moderated by Dorothy Borovich .
Alphabetically the four are Andrew Drummond ( NDP ) , Vince Fiorito ( Green ) , Jane McKenna ( Conservative ) and Eleanor McMahon ( Liberal ) .
Ontarians face the worst quandary in years about how to vote , mostly because of the two main party leaders . A recent chance meeting with an old friend in a supermarket aisle was telling . The issue was whom we disliked more — big spender Kathleen Wynne ( Liberal Premier ) or boor Doug Ford ( Conservative ) , who does n't know or wo n't reveal where he 'll find money to fund tax cuts and gas-tax cuts . ( Oh , for Christine Elliott as an option ) ! Ford recently said he would release details . The day before the election so the press ca n't check his numbers ?
Burlington is Conservative , but in 2014 voted Liberal , so Andrea Horwath ( NDP ) and Mike Schreiner ( Green ) factored little in our discussion . Maybe they should have .
Both major parties have so-so local candidates . One-term MPP McKenna had virtually no profile in office , and was defeated in 2014 by high profile cabinet minister McMahon , who earned a reputation for less than stellar constituency response .
My friend is declining her ballot . Our discussion centred on who was the worst , not best ! A bystander joined our discussion . She had the same dilemma . When complete strangers share their frustration , it shows the depth of disillusionment . Our generation votes , but how will we ever convince our youth to ?
In between our discussion and Sunday 's leaders ' debate I stumbled upon the advance polling station near Ikea . Voting cards were not available by late last week , even though advance voting was underway . I filled out the form , then got a surprise .
Printed ballots were unavailable . I was told to write the initial and surname of the candidate ( no party ) on the slip provided . Voting was n't easy in 2018 .
To my surprise I found Wynne provided the most fulsome responses during the leaders ' debate , followed by Horwath , distantly trailed by Ford , who offered insufferable sound bytes , again refusing details , but he 'd find four per cent waste .
The CFUW debate perhaps helped some undecided voters , because it was a chance to compare local candidates ' grips of issues , and their platforms . Four of us attended — three women and a man , none of whom is an ideologue . Two had voted . Two were undecided .
( Adds details on infrastructure stocks , new quote )
HONG KONG , April 3 Hong Kong stocks edged up on Monday morning , on track to break a two-day run of losses , with infrastructure-related stocks surging after Beijing announced plans to set up a special economic zone in the heavily polluted province of Hebei .
Mainland markets were closed for a holiday , and will resume trading on Wednesday .
The benchmark Hang Seng index had gained 0.4 percent to 24,205.59 points by 0612 GMT , while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index edged up 0.24 percent , to 10,297.92 .
Shares of China building materials maker BBMG Corp surged as much as 46 percent to its highest since May 2015 , making it the top performer in Hong Kong . The company said in a statement it was not aware of any reason for the jump .
LongiTech Smart Energy Holding Ltd , a smart energy solution provider which also engages in public infrastructure construction , climbed as much as 70 percent to its highest since April 2015 .
China VAST Industrial Urban Development and Tianjin Port Development Holdings Ltd rose 21 percent and 19 percent , respectively .
`` They were boosted by news of a new special economic zone nearby Beijing and Tianjin . Those infrastructure and cement plays nearby the area shot up because of the news , '' said Alex Wong , a director at Ample Finance Group .
China will establish a new special economic zone in Hebei province in order to promote integration with the neighbouring cities of Beijing and Tianjin , the government announced on Saturday .
Kulun Energy Co Ltd rose 4.3 percent , to its highest since July 6 , 2015 , while China Shenhua Energy Co Ltd rose 1.3 percent .
China 's official Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) rose to 51.8 in March from the previous month 's 51.6 , and was well above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis .
The reading was stronger than the 51.6 that economists had expected and the highest since April 2012 .
( Reporting by Donny Kwok and Anne Marie Roantree ; Editing by Eric Meijer and Randy Fabi )
JOHN HANNA , AP Political Writer
TOPEKA , Kan. ( AP ) — Big questions about taxes and spending will shape the Kansas Legislature 's work after its annual session opens Jan. 9 .
But the biggest question might be how much GOP moderates work with conservatives and how often they seek deals with Democrats .
Lawmakers and Gov . Sam Brownback must close a projected shortfall of more than $ 345 million in the current budget and estimated gaps in funding for existing programs that total almost $ 1.1 billion through June 2019 .
It 's not clear whether the Republican-controlled Legislature will increase taxes or pressure Brownback to rethink income tax cuts he championed in 2012 and 2013 .
And with a Kansas Supreme Court ruling on education funding expected soon , lawmakers will face pressure to provide more money for public schools .
April 20 Global advisory , broking and solutions firm Willis Towers Watson Plc named six executives to strengthen its global FINEX business .
Willis Towers appointed Jeremy Wall chairman of global FINEX and head of FINEX for all regions outside North America .
Jonathan Brooks has been named global head of FINEX client sight and innovation , operational strategy and market services .
Wall and Brooks will be based in London .
Anthony Dagostino has be appointed global head of cyber risk and Allison Barrett global head of FINEX financial institutions .
The financial services firm also appointed Olivia Cooper FINEX Great Britain regional leader .
Ken Ross , who will be based in New York , will serve on the global FINEX leadership team . ( Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru )
Javier Patiño scores twice as the Philippines remain atop their AFC Asian Cup qualifying group
Published 2:43 AM , June 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – The Azkals turned on the firepower to claim a vital road win in Dushanbe , Tajikistan on Tuesday night , June 13 .
The 4-3 goalfest featured two goals from Javier Patiño , and one apiece from Phil Younghusband and Daisuke Sato . The 3 points keep the Philippines atop Group F in AFC Asian Cup qualifying with a maximum 6 points from 2 games .
Coach Thomas Dooley made 3 changes to the side that was walloped 8-1 by China last week . Dennis Villanueva came in for Luke Woodland at center back , Javi Patiño took Misagh Bahadoran 's spot in attack and Kevin Ingreso slotted in at holding midfield in place of James Younghusband who suffered a knee sprain against China .
The Philippines thought they had gone ahead in the 23rd minute when Mike Ott found the back of the net . But the large crowd at the Republican Central Stadium in the Tajik capital were relieved to see the referee nullify the goal for offside , despite replays showing that Ott seemed to be onside . Ott was booked for dissent on the play .
Two minutes later Philippines keeper Pat Deyto made a fine reaction save to keep the game scoreless .
But two minutes before the half-hour the Philippines broke the ice . Patiño won a foul outside the penalty box and that led to Phil Younghusband 's magnificent opener , a free kick that curved over the wall and had enough power to beat Tajik goalie Abduaziz Makhkamov .
Four minutes from the halftime whistle the Pinoys doubled their lead after Mike Ott slithered in a neat through-ball to Patiño who finished clinically .
The match looked over 3 minutes into the second half when the younger Ott , ( Manny Ott , Mike 's brother , also started ) , fed Patiño again with another perfectly-weighted delivery . The Fil-Spaniard rounded the keeper and tucked the ball into the goal for 3-0 .
But that setback seemed to awaken the home side and 5 minutes later they were rewarded with a penalty when Jahongir Aliev collapsed rather easily in the box on a light tap from Amani Aguinaldo .
Parvizjon Umarbaev blasted past Deyto on the ensuing penalty for 3-1 .
The partisan crowd erupted just 4 minutes later when a Junior Muñoz error lead to a Tajikistan jailbreak that Dilshod Vosiev completed with a fine finish for 3-2 .
Seven minutes later Patiño came agonizingly close to a hat trick but his attempt to poke in a lovely Iain Ramsay cross glanced wide .
Two minutes later Tajikistan nearly leveled when Davronjon Ergashev hit the far post on a free kick .
But 11 minutes from time Daisuke Sato delivered a righteous left-footed strike from the flank that restored the two-goal cushion for the Philippines .
A gritty Tajik team got a third from Manucher Dzhalilov off a breakaway in the 89th to set up a nervy stoppage time period . But the Azkals held on for the win .
Coupled with Yemen 's surprising 0-0 standoff against Nepal in Kathmandu earlier on Tuesday , the Philippines are in command of Group F with 6 points , two clear of the Yemenis . Nepal is on one point and Tajikistan , who lost to Yemen in the first matchday , are without a point .
The result helps ease the pain from the team 's heavy defeat to China last week and gives the side momentum heading to their next qualifier against Yemen in Panaad Stadium in Bacolod on September 5 . – Rappler.com
Correction : A previous version of this report stated that the Philippines is 3 points clear of Yemen . The Philippines is two clear .
WEST ALEXANDRIA – The second place Franklin Monroe Jets had to begin their weekend with an away Cross County Conference game at Twin Valley South – a team that 's always dangerous under the coaching of Tony Augspurger .
The junior varsity game was presage of what was to come in the varsity game , a close contest with many lead changes and the outcome decided in overtime by a narrow margin . Fans definitely got their money 's worth in this closely fought CCC contest .
Both teams played man-to-man defense with the Jets occasionally springing into a half-court trap to try and generate a turnover .
They had contrasting styles of offense . South got the bulk of its points in the paint . Forward Willie Bowman would lead all scorers with 30 points . He did show some range later in the game when he sank some outside shots . The Jets could not seem to stop Bowman despite trying several different defenders upon him .
Franklin Monroe 's offense , on the other hand , was more multi-dimensional and could hit outside , the jump shot and drive to the basket . Another difference was that the Jets had three players in double figures – Zach Cable ( 15 ) , Bryce Filbrun ( 12 ) , and Kyle Ressler ( 14 ) . So the Jets had several scorers that the Panthers had to cover .
“ I love the way that all three of these guys play , ” Franklin Monroe boys basketball coach Troy Myers said . “ Bryce helped with an adjustment that he suggested – we tried it , and it worked . It helped us score . He made some big shots for us . We had spread scoring and spread production – it makes it difficult for teams to defend us . ”
At the tail end of the second quarter the Jets went on a little run and had a 5-point lead , but after a timeout at the two-minute mark South went a run to capture a 1-point lead right before halftime .
The Jets were up at the end of the third quarter , and the fourth quarter became a frantic race to the finish . At the end of the game South had the upper hand due to a pair of free throws from Nate Osborn . The Jets needed an answer and with about 12 seconds left Filbrun stepped up and hammered home a 3-pointer to knot up the game at 51-all .
In the overtime , the lead was back and forth as the two teams tussled for the win . This time it was Franklin Monroe that took a late lead with a pair of free throws from Ressler with 28 seconds left . But South 's Ryan Bassler scored a trey with six seconds left for a 61-60 lead .
With six seconds left the Jets got the ball down the court and put it in the hands of one of their scorers , Filbrun , but as he released his shot South 's Bowman was able to bat down the ball as the buzzer sounded , preserving the win for the underdog Panthers as they defeated the second place Jets .
“ They punked us , ” Coach Myers said . “ From start to finish , they were the tougher team . We were very undisciplined in the first half on our side . We did not rebound well and gave them second chances . We were not in attack mode . But they were and they got the job done . We have the target on our back , and South is always tough . Tony Augspurger 's teams are always tough . Physically , mentally , they were spot on the entire night and made us play catch up . Sixty points for us is about average , giving up 61 is way too many for this team . ”
The Jets continue their road trip with a trip to Dixie , who is coming off of a win and has some momentum . Then next week the Jets go against two tough CCC teams , Tri-County North and National Trail , in a rugged stretch of games .
“ Dixie is a lot like South so what we saw tonight , we are going to see next against Dixie , ” Myers said . “ They will also be a physical team . They are going to come at you hard and be scrappy . The game plan will be similar – we just have to execute better . ”
Franklin Monroe : Ressler 8 , Filbrun 12 , Rhoades 2 , Cable 15 , Hesler 14 , Conley 9 .
TVS : R. Bassler 8 , Cottingim 3 , Osborn 2 , Wells 8 , Bowman 30 , Lovely 10
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_WEB-DSC_9219.jpg J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_WEB-DSC_9222.jpg J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_WEB-DSC_9228.jpg J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_WEB-DSC_9238.jpg J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_WEB-DSC_9243.jpg J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_WEB-DSC_9245.jpg J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_WEB-DSC_9251.jpg J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate Franklin Monroe 's Zach Cable goes up for a shot during a Cross County Conference boys basketball game against Twin Valley South on Friday in West Alexandria . http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_Zach-Cable-WEB.jpg Franklin Monroe 's Zach Cable goes up for a shot during a Cross County Conference boys basketball game against Twin Valley South on Friday in West Alexandria . J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate
SEATTLE ( AP ) — Seattle Mayor Ed Murray says he believes the withdrawal of a lawsuit filed against him alleging sexual abuse in the 1980s vindicates him .
The mayor made the statement at a news conference Wednesday in response to his accuser 's lawyer , Lincoln Beauregard , filing a motion to dismiss the lawsuit . Beauregard also said the suit would be filed again next year .
Murray also said he was considering his options , legally and politically . His only option for seeking a new term as mayor would be as a write-in candidate , but he said he has n't had time to seriously consider it .
Murray dropped his re-election bid because of the lawsuit that claimed he paid Delvonn Heckard for sex multiple times . Murray said at the time it was better for the city if he did n't run for a second term .
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004 , after Moody 's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG , June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds , in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody 's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May .
SWAZI culture is deeply entrenched in a misogyny that encourages demeaning , homophobia and victim-blaming , that the perpetrators are of all genders . Women are no less hateful of other minorities , and permissive of their abuse , than men .
There is no difference between the hatred one may receive for being different or even fighting patriarchy . The insufferably ignorant conversations with strangers in public or with female friends that we make the mistake of expecting better from are becoming intolerable .
One of the phrases I ca n't stand any more is a woman saying ; ‘ I prefer male friends than female friends , I ca n't stand female friends ' ! But no woman has ever complained about you ‘ friendzoning ' her , hey ? When I was in high school , and would discuss gender equality with some of my friends , there were some who would disgustedly declare just how stupid it is to expect men and women to be equal . When asked ; “ But what does the Bible mean when it says men and women are equal in the eyes of God ? ”
And the answers would always range from ; “ That 's different , that 's not what God meant ! ” to “ But the Bible says men are the head , and women should follow. ” While as we grew older some of the girls realised just how important it is to be treated like a human and not a subhuman , there are some who , despite the hardships they have gone through because of their gender , still , not only believe other members of society deserve more respect than them , but also participate in the demeaning and abuse of other women .
How often has a woman been harassed for her choice of clothing , only to find that a majority of the people agreeing with the harassers are women ? But why are n't women supportive of each other ? Carol Vallone Mitchel says ; Reason One : They want to show that they are part of the team ( the men 's club ) . Women leaders who do not want to help other women up the ladder are now part of the leading team , which not so long ago was an all-male team . This means the rules and norms of how they now behave as leaders were made a long time ago , when the leaders were all male . So these women get here and try to ‘ fit in ' by not challenging these rules , instead they become the monsters they feared .
Reason Two : They face subtle or not so subtle disapproval from their male peers - when a woman is friends with a younger woman , she is teaching her bad habits , and when a man does the same he is mentoring the younger guy . Reason Three : Women helping women is not valued work - men helping each other is sponsorship and succession planning ; women helping each other is feminism , and in many places that is still largely considered a negative thing indeed , which shows the lack of value placed in women helping each other . So the problem of women not helping other women will not be resolved until both men and women begin to see women coming together for what it is - a critical component of business health and success .
Police arrest man again after second Interstate 85 chase
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — Police in North Carolina have arrested a man who led them on a chase on Interstate 85 for the second time in less than a year .
The Rowan County Sheriff 's Office tells news outlets 22-year-old Jadarius Marticee McCullough was arrested Monday for leading officers on a chase on northbound I-85 . Investigators say McCullough was driving a 2008 BMW with a fake South Carolina temporary license plate .
Eight months ago , he was arrested for speeding and driving a stolen Dodge Charger with another fake South Carolina temporary tag , that time on southbound I-85 .
When he was arrested in the latest incident , the sheriff 's office said he was wanted for violating his probation for the previous chase .
McCullough is jailed on a $ 10,000 bond . It 's not known if he has an attorney .
April 12 Pier 1 Imports Inc :
* Pier 1 Imports , Inc. Reports fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2017 financial results
* Q4 adjusted non-gaap earnings per share $ 0.34
* Q4 gaap earnings per share $ 0.33
* Q4 same store sales rose 0.2 percent
* Q4 earnings per share view $ 0.33 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 sales $ 528.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 530.2 million
* Pier 1 Imports Inc qtrly company comparable sales increased 0.2 percent
* Pier 1 Imports Inc- inventories at end of fiscal 2017 decreased approximately 1 pct to $ 401.0 million , compared to $ 405.9 million a year ago
* Pier 1 Imports Inc - full-year guidance for fiscal 2018 includes approximately $ 26 million of net sales
* Sees Q1 comparable sales growth of 1 pct to 2 pct
* Pier 1 Imports Inc sees FY 2018 comparable sales growth 1 pct to 2 pct
* Sees Q1 net sales growth of flat to 1 pct
* Pier 1 Imports Inc sees FY 2018 earnings per share of $ 0.46 to $ 0.52
* Sees Q1 loss per share of $ 0.07 to $ 0.03
* Sees full year net sales growth of 2 pct to 3 pct
* Pier 1 Imports Inc sees FY 2018 capital expenditures of approximately $ 55 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.02 , revenue view $ 421.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Pier 1 Imports - expects to close approximately 20 to 25 net stores in fiscal 2018
* Fy2018 earnings per share view $ 0.48 , revenue view $ 1.84 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Pier 1 Imports Inc - effective May 1 , 2017 , terry london named executive chairman , will serve in that role through july 31 , 2017
* Pier 1 Imports Inc - board of directors has increased number of directors comprising board from eight to nine Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Sheetz Launches “ My Free Ride ” Summer Shweepstakes
Altoona , PA ( May 30 , 2018 ) – Sheetz , one of America 's fastest growing , family-owned and operated convenience store chains , will launch its “ My Free Ride ” Summer Shweepstakes on June 1 , 2018 , giving customers a chance to win a featured 2018 vehicle or $ 50,000 cash during each month of June , July and August of the 2018 summer season .
To enter to win , customers must purchase the below specified “ My Free Ride ” Summer Shweepstakes promotional combos using their registered MySheetz Card :
• June – 2018 Ford F150 : Two 20 oz Mountain Dews and any Sheetz signature MTO food item .
• July – 2018 Ford Explorer : Two 18.5 oz Gold Peak teas and any Sheetz signature MTO item .
• August – 2018 Ford Mustang : Two 16 oz Monster Energy Drinks and any Sheetz signature MTO item .
( Winning customers also have the option to claim a $ 50,000 cash prize substitute )
“ I ca n't wait to see our MySheetz Card customers making their next Sheetz Run in their brand new , 2018 Ford vehicles , ready to fuel up and eat up , ” said Ryan Sheetz , AVP of Brand Strategy at Sheetz . “ What is more fun than giving away cars to our loyal Sheetz Freakz , all summer long ? ”
One winner will be chosen at the end of June , July and August ( on or after the 10th day of each month ) and will be informed through the contact information they provide in their MySheetz Card registration . Every time customers purchase the featured combo for the specified month , they earn one entry into the contest . Total number of contest entries is unlimited . Customers can use their MySheetz Card app to track their entries .
Customers can learn more about the “ My Free Ride ” Summer Shweepstakes , and read rules and regulations , by going to www.Sheetz.com/MyFreeRide .
About Sheetz , Inc .
Established in 1952 in Altoona , Pennsylvania , Sheetz , Inc. is one of America 's fastest-growing , family-owned and operated convenience store chains , with more than $ 6.4 billion in revenue and more than 18,200 employees . The company operates more than 565 store locations throughout Pennsylvania , West Virginia , Virginia , Maryland , Ohio and North Carolina . Sheetz provides an award-winning menu of sandwiches and salads , which are ordered through unique touch-screen order point terminals . All Sheetz convenience stores are open 24 hours a day , 365 days a year . Recognized by Fortune as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For , Best Places to Work for Women , Best Workplaces for Millennials and by Forbes as one of America 's Best Employers , Sheetz is committed to offering employees sustainable careers built on an inspiring culture and community engagement . For more information , visit www.sheetz.com or follow us on Twitter ( @ sheetz ) , Facebook ( www.facebook.com/sheetz ) and Instagram ( www.instagram.com/sheetz ) .
EM ASIA FX- Most Asian currencies edge up as U.S. inflation data dents dollar
( Adds details , updates prices ) By Susan Mathew June 15 Most Asian currencies edged higher on Thursday , buoyed by a retreating dollar as U.S. inflation data was weaker than expected , leaving investors doubting there will be a third rate hike this year by the Federal Reserve . A Washington Post report saying a special counsel is investigating U.S. President Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice added to the weakness in the U.S. currency . The dollar index , whi
LONDON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - British power network operator National Grid 's electricity capacity auction for 2018/2019 has granted capacity agreements to Grangemouth CHP , UK Power Reserve , Centrica , EDF Energy , Tata Steel , Scottish Power , E.ON UK and SSE Generation among others , it said on Friday . ( Reporting by Oleg Vukmanovic ; Editing by David Goodman )
The Ty Pozzobon Foundation aims to ‘ protect and support ' rodeo competitors in and out of the arena
A foundation honouring the legacy of B.C . bull rider Ty Pozzobon is bringing concussion awareness to the forefront , one year after the star took his own life and shook his community of fans and family .
A post-mortem examination of Pozzobon 's brain revealed the 25-year-old from Merritt suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , also known as CTE – a controversial disease often caused by repetitive brain injuries , such as repeated concussions often discussed in contact sports like football and wrestling .
Pozzobon is the only confirmed case of CTE in a proffesional bull rider in North America , and since his death has turned a spotlight on one of the darker components of what 's often called the most dangerous sport .
READ MORE : Mother of B.C . bull rider who died warns of implications of concussions
READ MORE : Ty Pozzobon remembered as professional rodeo 's ‘ brightest star '
The new Ty Pozzobon Foundation , led by Saskatchewan bull rider Tanner Byrne , is looking to raise funds to ensure Canadian Pro Rodeo Sports Medicine teams are at all ProRodeo and PBR events across the country , as well as creating a concussion spotting team to be on site at competitions .
# Bellletstalk today and everyday . You just never know what someone has going on inside of them so Be kind to one another # typozzobonfoundation # tpf # LiveLikeTy @ TyPozzobon pic.twitter.com/7OloirUgp4 — Tanner Byrne ( @ TannerByrne ) February 1 , 2018
“ We knew we wanted to all do something for Ty in his name to make a positive change in our sport , ” Byrne said in a news release . “ Through Ty 's Foundation we can ensure his name , destiny and legacy live on in and out of the arena . ”
Byrne , Pozzobon 's best friend and spokesperson for the foundation , said the work of the foundation will include educating youth and athletes about the impacts of concussions , including anxiety and depression .
“ Ty loved people , this is our way of still doing that for him , ” he said .
@ ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
The legendary American songwriter may have lifted phrases from SparkNotes ' 'Moby-Dick ' study guide
Published 12:50 PM , June 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Controversy continues to hound Bob Dylan and his Nobel Prize for Literature , this time , involving allegations of plagiarism in the lecture he delivered for winning the coveted award .
In an article on Slate.com , writer Andrea Pitzer wrote that the singer may have used lines from SparkNotes ' Moby-Dick study guide for his award lecture .
Pitzer said she uncovered the similiarites after another writer , Ben Greenman , said that Dylan might have made up a quote from the book .
`` Those familiar with Dylan 's music might recall that he winkingly attributed fabricated quotes to Abraham Lincoln in his 'Talkin ' World War III Blues , ' '' Andrea wrote . `` So Dylan making up an imaginary quote is nothing new . However , I soon discovered that the Moby-Dick line Dylan dreamed up last week seems to be cobbled together out of phrases on the website SparkNotes , the online equivalent of CliffsNotes . ''
Pitzer compared phrases from the SparkNotes study guide on the Herman Melville classic book to Dylan 's speech . She noted that from the 78 sentences in Dylan 's lecture in reference to Moby-Dick , 20 have similar phrases from SparkNotes .
She also mentioned that some of the terms used did not appear in the novel .
In his speech , Dylan said : `` Ahab encounters other whaling vessels , presses the captains for details about Moby . '' The SparkNotes version said : `` ... the ship encounters other whaling vessels . Ahab always demands information about Moby Dick from his captains . ''
Dylan also said in his speech : `` Another ship 's captain – Captain Boomer – he lost an arm to Moby . But he tolerates that , and he 's happy to have survived . He ca n't accept Ahab 's lust for vengeance . ''
The SparkNotes study guide said : `` …a whaling ship whose skipper , Captain Boomer , has lost an arm in an encounter with Moby Dick… . Boomer , happy simply to have survived his encounter , can not understand Ahab 's lust for vengeance . ''
The breakdown of the texts can be found on Slate.com .
Pitzer said she has reached out to Dylan 's recording company , Columbia , to seek clarification from the singer and his management , but has yet to get any feedback .
She also said that it was not the first plagiarism allegation against Dylan . Pitzer cited Dylan 's 2001 album `` Love and Theft . '' She said Dylan 's use of quotation marks in the title seem `` to imply that the album title was itself taken from Eric Lott 's acclaimed history of racial appropriation , Love & Theft : Blackface Minstrelsy and the American Working Class . ''
Dylan was also criticized for his painting exhibit titled `` The Asia Series '' in 2011 , as many pointed out that his works were similar to that of Henri Cartier-Bresson and Léon Busy .
In October 2016 , it was announced that Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature , the first songwriter to receive the honor , which drew mixed reactions . But the award was marred with controversy when Dylan did not appear during the ceremony due to pre-existing commitments . '' ( READ : Nobel laureate Bob Dylan : Uneasy 'voice of a generation ' )
Dylan formally accepted the award in April . His lecture was recorded on June 4 and posted on the Nobel Prize website on June 5 . – Rappler.com
Chairman of the Freedom Caucus U.S. Rep. Mark Meadows ( R-NC ) , who today said that Republicans still lack the votes to pass a reform bill to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system , walks in a hallway of the Rayburn Building on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON The head of the U.S. House of Representatives Freedom Caucus said on Tuesday that Republicans still lack the votes to pass a reform bill to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system .
Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina , who heads the conservative caucus that helped block passage of the previous Republican healthcare bill , said Republicans were still `` a handful of votes away '' from being able to pass a reform bill .
Top aides to President Donald Trump have predicted the House would move this week to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system .
( Reporting by Richard Cowan ; Writing by David Alexander )
Exhibit features Ernie Barnes , football player turned artist
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 This photo made available by the Ernie Barnes Family Trust shows the painting titled `` Sugar Shack , '' created by Ernie Barnes in 1976 . The state history museum in North Carolina is opening an exhibit of works by Barnes , an African-American athlete and artist whose best-known painting was `` Sugar Shack , '' which was the cover of a Marvin Gaye album and also appeared in the closing credits of the sitcom `` Good Times . '' ( Ernie Barnes Family Trust via AP ) less This photo made available by the Ernie Barnes Family Trust shows the painting titled `` Sugar Shack , '' created by Ernie Barnes in 1976 . The state history museum in North Carolina is opening an exhibit of works by ... more Photo : AP Image 2 of 7 This photo made available by the Ernie Barnes Family Trust shows the painting titled `` The Drum Major , '' created by Ernie Barnes in 2003 . The state history museum in North Carolina is opening an exhibit of works by Barnes , an African-American athlete and artist whose best-known painting was the cover of a Marvin Gaye album and also appeared in the closing credits of the sitcom `` Good Times . '' ( Ernie Barnes Family Trust via AP ) less This photo made available by the Ernie Barnes Family Trust shows the painting titled `` The Drum Major , '' created by Ernie Barnes in 2003 . The state history museum in North Carolina is opening an exhibit of works ... more Photo : AP Image 3 of 7 This photo made available by the Ernie Barnes Family Trust shows the painting titled `` Homecoming , '' created by Ernie Barnes in 1994 . The state history museum in North Carolina is opening an exhibit of works by Barnes , an African-American athlete and artist whose best-known painting was the cover of a Marvin Gaye album and also appeared in the closing credits of the sitcom `` Good Times . '' ( Ernie Barnes Family Trust via AP ) less This photo made available by the Ernie Barnes Family Trust shows the painting titled `` Homecoming , '' created by Ernie Barnes in 1994 . The state history museum in North Carolina is opening an exhibit of works by ... more Photo : AP Image 4 of 7 This June 29 , 2018 , photo made available by the North Carolina Museum of History shows family members of the late Ernie Barnes at a ribbon cutting ceremony for the `` The North Carolina Roots of Artist Ernie Barnes '' exhibit at the museum , in Raleigh , N.C. From left to right : Ken Howard , museum director ; Ernie Barnes ' son Michael Barnes ; his daughters Paige Barnes and DD Barnes ; Luz Rodriguez , his personal assistant and trustee , and his wife , Bernadine `` Bernie '' Barnes . ( D. Kent Thompson/North Carolina Museum of History via AP ) less This June 29 , 2018 , photo made available by the North Carolina Museum of History shows family members of the late Ernie Barnes at a ribbon cutting ceremony for the `` The North Carolina Roots of Artist Ernie ... more Photo : D. Kent Thompson , AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 Files - This Nov. 15 , 1966 , file photo shows Ernie Barnes , former offensive lineman for both the American and National Football leagues , standing alongside one of his paintings at the Grand Central Art Gallery in New York . Barnes retired from the NFL to pursue a career as an artist . The North Carolina Museum of History has an exhibit that showcased many of Barnes ' original paintings , as well as artifacts from his life . less FILE - This Nov. 15 , 1966 , file photo shows Ernie Barnes , former offensive lineman for both the American and National Football leagues , standing alongside one of his paintings at the Grand Central Art Gallery ... more Photo : John Rooney , AP Image 7 of 7 Exhibit features Ernie Barnes , football player turned artist 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
RALEIGH , N.C. ( AP ) — At heart , Ernie Barnes the professional football player was always Ernie Barnes the artist .
His teammates on the San Diego Chargers nicknamed him `` Big Rembrandt '' because he was always scribbling on pieces of paper .
He ended up painting vivid and highly acclaimed images from the playing field and from African-American life . He 's most famous for `` Sugar Shack , '' which shows African-Americans dancing at the Durham Armory . Marvin Gaye used a version of it for an album cover , and a print of it appeared in the closing credits of the sitcom `` Good Times . ''
Now , an exhibit has opened in his home state titled `` The North Carolina Roots of Artist Ernie Barnes . '' The exhibit at the North Carolina Museum of History includes 38 paintings by Barnes , many unseens by the public until now , along with several pieces of memorabilia .
It 's the first exhibit of Barnes ' artwork in 11 years , and the first since he died at age 70 in 2009 in Los Angeles . It continues through March 3 .
Barnes never considered football his true calling . From his childhood , he was drawn to art . In his 1995 autobiography , `` From Pads to Palette , '' he wrote , `` Throughout my five seasons in the arena of professional football , I remained at the deepest level of my being an artist . ''
But he played professionally from 1960 to 1964 , signing first with the Baltimore Colts and then with the Titans of New York , the San Diego Chargers and the Denver Broncos . His sports connections led to his first exhibit through the support of New York Jets owner Sonny Werblin . And Barnes credited football with helping him develop the elongation technique for which he 's known .
An art instructor told him `` to pay attention to what my body felt like in movement , '' Barnes once said . `` And when I did that , it was an elongated feeling . ... I hate to think , had I not played sports , what my work would look like . ''
He also spoke of how the `` dehumanization '' of professional football played out in his art . `` I painted until I exhausted the hate , '' he said , according to comments provided by his estate .
Troy Vincent , the NFL 's vice president of operations , is probably the largest collector of Barnes ' art and someone in whom Barnes confided about his love-hate relationship with football . Vincent estimates that he owns just shy of 30 Barnes ' paintings , most of them commissioned and never seen by the public .
In a phone interview , Vincent said that he and his wife `` did n't classify it as black art . He happens to be African-American , but it 's not black art . It 's art . ''
At the time of Barnes ' death , Paul Von Blum , an art history and African American studies professor at the University of California , Los Angeles , called him one of the premier figurative artists of his era .
Barnes , who was born in 1938 in Durham during the Jim Crow era , graduated from what 's now North Carolina Central University . His painting , `` Homecoming , '' shows a marching band in Durham with U.S. 15-501 signs in the background .
`` Ernie said when he was growing up , the high school band used to come down from the segregated area and make the turn into the black community , and the band would kick it up right there , '' Luz Rodriguez , his longtime assistant and estate trustee said last week in Raleigh before the exhibit opened . `` So that 's what he painted . ''
`` Sugar Shack '' came from Barnes ' memories growing up in Durham , Rodriguez said . His mother had told the 13-year-old Barnes that `` they do n't do Christian things there '' so of course he had to sneak in to find out what was happening , she said .
Actor and comedian Eddie Murphy owns the painting now , exhibit curator Katie Edwards said . A second version that Barnes painted is part of the North Carolina museum exhibit .
Barnes could bring to life `` the hopes and dreams of what could be — families together , strong men , strong women , the true representation of the godly family , '' Vincent said . Barnes was able to `` share our dark past yet articulate in color what the future could be — the proudness of our history , the proudness of our future . Ernie encapsulated all of that . ''
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/mjwaggonernc
`` We wanted to know what happened and with the Russian attack happening not long ago , and we just assumed the worst , '' said Edwards .
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals with a nerve agent known as Novichok , a group of chemical weapons developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War . Moscow denies the allegation . The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West , including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides .
Counter-terrorism teams from London 's Metropolitan Police were called in to help local forces in Wiltshire at the time of the Skripal poisoning . On Wednesday , however , Scotland Yard referred media calls to Wiltshire police .
The statement from Wiltshire Police came only a month after police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home after months of working on the Skripals ' poisoning . Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ( $ 10 million ) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals ' poisoning and believe that his front door was contaminated with the nerve agent .
Sergei Skripal , 66 , is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap . He had been living quietly in Salisbury , a cathedral city 90 miles ( 145 kilometres ) southwest of London , when he was struck down along with his 33-year-old daughter Yulia .
After being found unconscious in the street , the two spent weeks in critical condition at the hospital . Doctors who treated them say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still do n't know what the Skirpals ' long-term prognosis is .
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection .
___
Kirka reported from London . Jill Lawless in London contributed to this story .
This story corrects the spelling of Amesbury in the dateline .
By Matt Dunham And Danica Kirka , The Associated Press
Some educators are adding a new lesson to their agendas . Gun Ho , a shooting range in Pass Christian , is offering a special eight hour concealed carry course to teachers .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan ( before tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016 , to shareholders of record on June 19
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
UPDATE 5-Four killed including gunman in San Francisco UPS facility shooting
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A man dressed in a UPS uniform and armed with an `` assault pistol '' opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package sorting hub in San Francisco , killing three people before turning the gun on himself , police said .
The Apple Inc. store is seen on the day of the new iPhone 7 smartphone launch in Los Angeles , California , U.S. , September 16 , 2016 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson - RTSO2SH
Apple Inc ( AAPL.O ) urged California to toughen up its proposed policy on testing self-driving cars , a move that would result in more public data that could help Apple catch up to rivals in the self-driving space by giving it a better window into their strengths and weaknesses .
In a letter made public on Friday , Apple suggested a series of changes to the draft policy that is under development and said it looks forward to working with California and others `` so that rapid technology development may be realized while ensuring the safety of the traveling public . ''
Waymo , the self-driving car unit of Google parent company Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL.O ) , Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) , Uber Technologies Inc [ UBER.UL ] , Toyota Motor Corp ( 7203.T ) , Tesla Motors Inc ( TSLA.O ) and others also filed comments suggesting changes .
California said on Tuesday it would review comments before deciding whether to make changes to the policy that aims to allow companies to test vehicles without traditional steering wheels and controls or human back-up drivers .
The state is at the forefront of a crowded race to develop self-driving vehicles and the proposed changes from automakers and technology companies help provide insight into current efforts .
In its letter , Apple said California should revise how companies report self-driving system `` disengagements . '' California currently requires companies to report how many times the self-driving system was deactivated and control handed back to humans because of a system failure or a situation tied to traffic , weather or road conditions that required human intervention for safety reasons .
But Apple wants those rules to extend to humans stepping in to prevent even minor traffic violations . Apple contends the reporting rules as written leave too much wiggle room for carmakers and `` caused public confusion and misunderstanding , '' wrote Steve Kenner , Apple 's director of product integrity .
Apple also asked regulators to revisit language around the definition of an autonomous vehicle to clarify that permits are required in advanced systems even when a safety driver is present .
The exact wording around when permits are needed became a sticking point between Uber and state officials last year when the California Department of Motor Vehicles ordered Uber to cease its self-driving tests in San Francisco .
Apple also said the state 's rules for development vehicles used only in testing could `` restrict both the design and equipment that can be used in test vehicles . ''
A late entrant to the self-driving race , Apple secured a permit earlier this month to test autonomous vehicles in California . Although it has never openly acknowledged it is looking into building a car , Apple has recruited dozens of auto experts . The company declined to comment on Friday .
'STIFLE INNOVATION '
Tesla said California should not bar testing of autonomous vehicles that are 10,000 pounds ( 4,535 kg ) or more , a move that Apple also joined . Tesla said such a move could `` stifle innovation , '' and bar a company from testing a heavy autonomous vehicle that might be used to haul parts on private property rather than on public roads , pushing developers in this sector out of the state .
Elon Musk , chief executive of Tesla , in 2016 announced plans for new electric vehicles , including a commercial truck called the Tesla Semi and a public transport bus . The electric vehicle pioneer said earlier this month it plans to unveil a commercial truck in September .
Tesla also said California should not prohibit the sale of non-self-driving vehicles previously used for autonomous vehicle testing . Tesla said that under the proposal , if it loads a vehicle with autonomous testing software and then replaces it with conventional production software it could be barred from selling the vehicle .
Uber said California should allow paying members of the public to ride in autonomous vehicles with drivers , saying : `` There is no reason to deny those riders an opportunity to travel in an autonomous test vehicle and provide honest feedback . ''
Lyft Inc , a ride-hailing service rival of Uber , asked the state to remove a requirement that it notify local authorities of autonomous vehicle testing .
Waymo asked California to remove its liability proposal . On Tuesday , General Motors Co ( GM.N ) had said the state 's proposed liability rules could make automakers liable regardless of fault for any crash . GM also said that automakers should be allowed to reuse autonomous vehicles and parts after testing or if the vehicle is scrapped .
Volkswagen AG ( VOWG_p.DE ) and Daimler AG ( DAIGn.DE ) submitted joint comments seeking changes to the extent of data required to be retained in crashes involving self-driving cars .
A number of automakers have said they plan to begin deploying self-driving vehicles , some in commercial fleets , by 2020-21 .
( Reporting by David Shepardson , additional reporting by Alexandria Sage and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco ; editing by Frances Kerry and G Crosse )
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
× Weekend Events : 2nd Street Festival , Hogtober , Light the Night , HeartWalk
RICHMOND , Va. —
United for UNOS United Network for Organ Sharing , 9th Annual Soirée Friday , October 6 , 7 – 10 pm , 700 North 4th Street , Richmond . Featuring Stories of Transplantation from recipients Earl Fleming , Amanda Varnes and others .
United for UNOS 9th Annual Soirée is an annual awareness/fundraising event that supports United Network for Organ Sharing 's lifesaving mission with event proceeds supporting organ matching and transplantation education programs . Transplant recipients along with donor family members and living donors will be among the event 's 425+ guests . One of the Soiree 's key activities of the evening is walking around and tasting all 18 specialty food dishes from Richmond 's top restaurants and caterers ! Arriving hungry is a must ! We also celebrate transplant recipients , living donors and donor family members through our Stories of Transplantation— inviting guests to chat with them and discover their connection to transplantation . For more details visit https : //www.501auctions.com/unitedforunos/ .
The Virginia Friends of Mali invite presents Papa Susso & Balla Kouyate for Dinner , Dancing , Celebration !
Friday , October 6 , 6 pm – 8:30 pm , VCU Cabell Library 3rd Floor Lecture Hall . Virginia Friends Of Mali welcomes Papa Susso & Balla Kouyate to the Africa Business Conference in celebration of the 67th year of Mali 's National Independence . “ The story that begins with the rise of the king Sunjata Keita in 13th Century Mali now extends to music-filled social gatherings , electro-griots , and of course , fusion ! ” Susso and Kouyate will share their stories , music , and dance . West African buffet from Chef MaMusu 's Africanne on Main . Tickets are $ 25 . Reserve your tickets today : Email virginiafriendsofmali @ gmail.com . Reserve or pay at the door , Details at https : //www.facebook.com/events/153352515263099/ .
Light The Night Walk , Saturday October 7th , Registration starts at 5 and the walk is at 7 pm .
Innsbrook North Shore Commons Lawn , 4901 Lake Brook Dr. , Glen Allen . The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society 's Light The Night Walk funds treatments that are saving the lives of patients today . LLS is making cures happen by providing patient support services , advocating for lifesaving treatments and pioneering the most promising cancer research anywhere . And it 's all happening now . Each year friends , families and coworkers form teams to raise money in support of the mission and to celebrate , honor and remember those touched by cancer . CBS 6 Greg McQuade is once again serving as the event 's Emcee . For more information visit http : //www.lightthenight.org/events/richmond .
29th annual The 2nd Street Festival , October 7 & 8
Presented by Altria and Dominion Energy , and produced by Venture Richmond Events , LLC , celebrates the rich culture of the historic Jackson Ward neighborhood . This year , the festival highlights talented performers in the metro Richmond area . The festival features co-headliners Visions Band on Saturday , and The Art of Noise featuring The Heavy Hitter DJ Lonnie B and DJ Marc , and Grammy nominated Mad Skillz and Kelli Lemon will close out the festival on Sunday . Other performers include Debo Dabney , VCU Black Awakening Choir , Lucy Kilpatrick , Carlton Blount , SPARC , and many others over t he two-day festival . For street closures and a complete list of performers visit http : //www.venturerichmond.com/events/venture/secondstreet.html .
RVA American Heart Association Healthy For Good™ Heart Walk , Saturday , October 7 , 8 am .
Registration and activities , walk starts at 9:30 am at West Creek Parkway , 12575 West Creek Parkway , Virginia . The walk features a 2 or 3 mile course , wellness expo , kid 's activities and Hands-Only CPR training ad is stroller and pet friendly . The American Heart Association encourages everyone to begin “ heartwalking ” and make an ongoing , personal commitment to move more , and increase heart rate with regular exercise . The Healthy For Good Heart Walk is a fun way to invest in our health and that of future generations , while honoring those who have been impacted by heart disease , stroke and congenital heart defects . This is a rain or shine event . For more information visit www.richmondvaheartwalk.org and Facebook : @ RichmondAHA . CBS 6 Kristen Luehrs
15th annual Powhatan 's Festival of the Grape , Saturday , Oct. 7th , 11 am to 6 pm at Historic Courthouse Village at 3800 Old Buckingham Road .
Over 20 Virginia wineries , live music from InsideOut Band and Route 64 , and shopping over 100 arts and crafts vendors and food available for purchase . Festival of the Grape has grown into one of Powhatan 's biggest events with 8000 attendees each year and 125 volunteers . In addition to funding economic development through the Chamber of Commerce , over $ 10,000 is given back to community organization through grants and donations . Adult tickets are $ 25 in advance and $ 30 at the gate . Youth , 13-21 , are $ 15 in advance and $ 20 at the gate . Online sales end on Oct. 7 at 12 a.m. Tickets and a full list of vendors are available at PowhatanWineFestival.com .
Hogtober Fest at Libby Hill Park , Church Hill , Saturday , October 7 , 12 pm-6 pm
Hogtober is a celebration of community , music and lots of delicious barbecue . It 's organized and run by the friends and families in the Church Hill neighborhood , Family friendly , kid and adult activities , and an amazing view from Libby Hill . Free to attend , pay as you go for food and drinks . For more details visit http : //hogtober.com/ .
Owens Creek Oyster Festival at Grayhaven Winery , Saturday at 11 am – 6 pm , Grayhaven Winery , 4675 E Grey Fox Cir , Gum Spring , Virginia , 30 minutes west of Richmond .
Come see why Virginia is known as the “ Oyster Capital of the East Coast ” at the Owen 's Creek Oyster Festival . Get them raw , grilled , fried , on a Po ' Boy or in a classic oyster bisque . Enjoy select South African wines and live music . Visitors are encouraged to bring lawn chairs and picnic blankets to relax with friends and family alfresco . Tables and chairs also provided . For more information visit http : //www.grayhavenwinery.com/html/events.html .
Future Events
Priest Tyaire 's hit play “ Momma 's Boy ” at the Altria Theater , 6 North Laurel Street , Richmond Friday , November 3 , 8 p.m .
What happens when a mother holds on to her son too long ? That 's precisely what we learn as Cheryl Pepsi-Riley ( Thanks for my Child ) , Jackee Harry ( 227 ) , Nephew Tommy ( Steve Harvey Morning Show ) , Gary ‘ Lil G ' Jenkins ( from Silk ) , Dawn Robinson ( from En Vogue ) , R & B / Gospel artist Shirley Murdock ( Husband ) , and more unite to tell the story of a how a man is forced to change the life of a “ Momma 's Boy ” and turn him into a grown man . A comedic spin on the iconic classic movie “ Baby Boy. ” Tickets go on sale at the Altria Theater and Dominion Arts Center box offices , online at http : //www.etix.com , or by phone at ( 800 ) 514-ETIX ( 3849 ) . CBS 6 Antoinette Essa Emcee .
An image of a sculpture on the Canadian National Vimy Memorial is projected on the National War Memorial during an overnight vigil on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Vimy Ridge , in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , April 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Canadian students attend a Remembrance Day ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Canadian students attend a Remembrance Day ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ( L ) poses for a selfie picture at Heroes Square in Arras , France , as part of a ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Vimy RIdge April 9 , 2017 . REUTER/Philippe Huguen/Pool
French President President Francois Hollande ( L ) and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ( R ) place signed red circles that form a giant poppy design at Heroes Square in Arras , France , as part of a ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Vimy RIdge April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thibault Vandermersch/Pool
A Canadian police mounted officer stands guard before the ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
A Canadian police mounted officer stands guard before the ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Military boots symbolising the dead soldiers are seen as a Canadian police mounted officer stands guard before the ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Military boots symbolising dead soldiers are seen as Canadian police mounted officer stand guard before the ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Military boots symbolising dead soldiers are seen as a Canadian police mounted officer stands guard before the ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
People attend a Remembrance Day ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the battle of Vimy Ridge , at Canadian National Memorial in Vimy , France , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
French President President Francois Hollande ( R ) and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speak at Heroes Square in Arras , France , as part of a ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Vimy RIdge April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thibault Vandermersch/Pool
ARRAS , France French President Francois Hollande and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau led commemorations on Sunday marking the centenary of the Battle of Vimy Ridge in northern France in which over 3,500 Canadian soldiers were among the dead .
A giant poppy made up of messages of love and gratitude was unveiled at Heroes Square in the town of Arras where Hollande and Trudeau wrote their own notes and placed them among others .
The Canadian armed forces , representing the four battalions that fought in the 1917 battle , conducted a military parade at sunset on Saturday , the eve of the centenary .
During the First World War battle on Easter Monday in 1917 , over 3,500 Canadian soldiers , many of them below 20 years old , died while capturing the ridge in a fierce battle with German forces .
Hollande , Trudeau and British princes Charles , William and Harry were to take part in a ceremony later on Sunday expected to draw some 25,000 people .
( Reporting by Miranda Alexander-Webber ; Writing by Bate Felix ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
Healdsburg 's Shed is inviting local ranchers and harvesters to get out of the cold and rain and kick up their heels for the Farmers and Friends Movie Night , featuring a double bill of agricultural documentaries . First up is Unbroken Ground , which explores four ways to change our relationship with the earth . Next is Changing Season , a look at the famed Masumoto Family Farm , in which a father and daughter work to keep the farm afloat in transitional times . See the films and sip on fermented drinks on Wednesday , Feb. 22 , at Healdsburg Shed , 25 North St. , Healdsburg . 6:30pm . Free for farmers , $ 5 for friends . 707.431.7433 .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PHILADELPHIA — Video has captured a gorilla walking upright for several seconds — all to keep his hands clean , according to zoo officials .
The Philadelphia Zoo posted the video on Twitter March 5 . It 's since been shared or liked nearly 5,500 times .
Gorillas do n't typically move around bipedally , a term for walking upright on two legs , over long distances , the zoo posted .
Louis , however , likes to keep his hands clean .
`` He can often be seen walking bipedal when his hands are full of snack or when the ground is muddy ( so he does n't get his hands dirty ) ! '' the zoo posted .
The Philadelphia Zoo wrote in a 2015 blog post about Louis :
“ When caught out in a rainstorm , he 'll run bipedally across the yard to seek cover , and when he accidentally steps in mud , he 'll find a leaf or a paper bag and wipe his hand or foot off until they are clean again . ”
A curator told the Associated Press that 18-year-old Louis cares about his cleanliness so much that the zoo had to install a fire hose over a mud puddle in the gorilla 's yard . Louis walks across it like he 's on a tightrope .
Check out my sexy baby arm ! The most hysterical yet # epic # PhotoFail ! This is instant karma For trying to hide my fat ass behind Lisa while holding my niece ! 😩 A post shared by Kelly ! ( @ kellyosbourne ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 9:35pm PDT
Everyone loves a good photo fail — but celebrity photo fails are even more fun .
The latest victim of a poorly-timed snap ? Kelly Osbourne .
The star took to Instagram over the weekend to document Easter Sunday with her family , sharing a photo of herself and her sister-in-law Lisa Osbourne posing with glasses of rosé in the pool .
“ # SisterSunday # DivaLife with my sis @ mrslisao , ” she captioned the shot . “ # BestPoolDayEver . ”
# SisterSunday # DivaLife with my sis @ mrslisao # BestPoolDayEver 🤘🏼😂💜 A post shared by Kelly ! ( @ kellyosbourne ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 8:54pm PDT
RELATED VIDEO : Kelly Osbourne Opens Up About New Tell-All Memoir , ‘ There Is No F * cking Secret '
Within minutes , fans flooded the comments section of the post to call attention to Kelly 's “ baby arm ” — a.k.a . the arm of Lisa and Jack Osbourne ‘ s 22-month-old daughter Andy Rose wrapped in a pool float , which was positioned directly behind the star .
Soon enough , Kelly noticed the hilarious fail herself and reposted the photo with a red ring around the area .
“ Check out my sexy baby arm ! ” she wrote . “ The most hysterical yet # epic # PhotoFail ! This is instant karma for trying to hide my fat ass behind Lisa while holding my niece ! ”
Instead , they signed former Saskatchewan backup Drew Willy who played well in spurts but was unable to lead the team to a sustained period of success . It was n't until the emergence of Matt Nichols , who was acquired via trade with Edmonton in 2015 , that the position solidified .
Meanwhile , Walters was busy rebuilding the roster , particularly on the Canadian side . Draft picks Mattias Goossen , Sukh Chungh are now starters on the offensive line while defensive lineman Jake Thomas and Trent Corney have developed into solid contributors . Safety Taylor Loffler was a West all-star in his rookie season .
`` We draft and develop our guys , '' Walters said . `` I tell our coaches , let 's give these guys two years , we 're not going to make a snap judgment . ''
The team also dipped into the free agent market to sign Canadian running back Andrew Harris , offensive lineman Travis Bond and defensive back Chris Randle , hoping to provide veteran leadership to an otherwise young group .
`` You 'd better be right in free agency … your top guys need to perform like top guys , '' Walters said . My ultimate goal is to get away from free agency because you have to overpay . I find it much more cost effective to re-sign your own guys .
`` Now , with this facility and our head coach , if it 's a fair offer , I think guys are going to come back here . ''
It has n't been a linear progression . After a 7-11 campaign in 2014 , the Bombers slid to 5-13 the following year and when they started 1-4 in 2016 , there were questions about O'Shea 's job security .
`` We were two years in , optimism was up and the beginning of that year was tough , '' Walters said . `` That was by far the hardest time . ''
But after replacing Willy with Nichols at quarterback , the team has gone 20-7 and is now poised to secure a home playoff date for the first time since 2011 . Walters said the goal is to win a championship — the Bombers have the longest drought in the CFL at 26 years — but also to become a perennial contender .
`` The more you win , the more it becomes a habit and guys start believing in themselves and the confidence goes up , '' Walters said . `` It 's nice to be a boring , vanilla organization that nobody really talks about in terms of chaos . We just go about our business . ''
dedwards @ thespec.com
905-526-2481 | @ scratchingpost
0 SHARES 18 VIEWS Share Tweet Share Pin Share Send
At the International SPA Association 's East Coast Media Event held Tuesday at iconic Gotham Hall in New York City , spa professionals offered treatments , products and immersion experiences to attending media . As the longest standing media event in the spa industry , this year attracted national news outlets such as AP , CBS and NBC , and top-tier journalists from travel , beauty and business . Journalists were educated on the newest spa trends while experiencing mini-treatments from 21 sponsors from the U.S. , Italy and the Dominican Republic .
“ ISPA is honored to host an event for our members where the media can experience the wonderful treatments they offer . When we all work together to promote the spa industry , we see the strong , steady growth that was revealed in the ISPA U.S. Spa Industry Study statistics we released at the event , ” said ISPA President Lynne McNees .
ISPA announced that for the first time in the history of the study , the total number of visits to spas rose above 180 million . The industry also continues to experience steady growth in overall revenue , locations and revenue per visit .
The following ISPA members participated in the event as Premier Sponsors and offered unique spa treatments :
âme Spa & Wellness Collective at Turnberry Isle Miami Resort offered a soundwave massage table experience , which uses dynamic acoustic stimulation to provide a new anti-stress experience .
Aspira The Spa offered facial renewal acupuncture , which rejuvenates and revitalizes the facial tissue by allowing the muscles to lift and tone organically .
Beauty Changes Livesoffered LED light therapy , which involves the application of specific wavelengths of light to tissue to obtain therapeutic benefits .
Casa de Campo Resort & Villasoffered a functional movement screening , which looked at upper extremity , trunk , and lower extremity movement and balance , and quick tips on what exercises or stretches may help with any deficiencies that were noted in the screening .
Chuan Body + Soul at Langham Place , New Yorkoffered a taste of its Chuan stone therapy , which combines traditional Chinese medicine and custom blended oils , as well as Saltability Himalayan salt , to re-mineralize and restore a sense of balance and harmony .
Comphy offered custom sleep consultations with sleep researcher Dr. Rebecca Robbins to provide personalized tips based on lifestyle and sleep habits .
Envy Medical offered DermalInfusion , a non-invasive , three-in-one advanced skin resurfacing treatment that exfoliates , extracts and infuses skin with condition-specific serums .
HydroPeptide and Premier57 offered an anti-wrinkle express facial , which infuses skin with a restorative and revolutionary patented amino acid technology designed to significantly improve the appearance of skin 's fullness and elasticity .
O2 Chair offered the O2 Experience , the world 's first breathing chair treatment that delivers a combination of zero gravity , nap breathing exercise , synchronized swinging movement , oxygen concentrator , optional heating , soothing sound/instruction and wake up .
Sanitas Skincare offered a contouring and sculpting anti-gravity facial with exfoliation , massage and peptides .
Sundara Inn & Spa offered guided meditation while lounging in a hammock for a tranquil retreat in the city .
Technogym offered athletic performance training with the SKILLMILL , the first machine to allow everyday athletes to improve their power , speed , stamina and agility in a single product .
The Lodge at Woodloch offered a salt stone massage to highlight the healing benefits of salt , touting benefits including reduced inflammation , restored minerals and deep relaxation .
The Marmara Park Avenue offered a mindfulness ritual with BuDhaGirl , in which attendees received BuDhaGirl bangles and practiced the Intention-Setting Ritual .
The Spa at the Peaks offered a vitality bar tasting , including unique and delectable herbal teas , tinctures and honeys from the Naturopathica Vitality Bar , and sensorial and healing remedies for the skin and body .
Well & Being Spa – Wellness offered a makeup refresher with tips to leave you looking healthy , energized and refreshed , and a hand scrub bar infusing exfoliation and relaxing massage .
Four Spotlight Sponsors included Airomé , which displayed an aromatherapy bar highlighting essential oil diffusers ; Medaesthetique , which offered a red-carpet facial ; Pritikin Longevity Center + Spa , which provided a nutritionist to meet with attendees to discuss individual nutrition goals ; Relâche Spa at Gaylord Hotels , which provided BIOTEC Eye and Lip Duo treatments ; and Vair Spa at Borgo Egnazia , which provided a taste of Puglia with local flavors and ingredients .
No offense Ryan Gosling , but Rachel McAdams ' favorite sex scene was not in The Notebook .
Instead , the actress recently revealed to Entertainment Weekly that she had the best-simulated sex of her life while filming her new movie Disobedience with Rachel Weisz . The duo play lovers forced to hide their relationship from their Orthodox Jewish community in the upcoming film based on the Naomi Alderman novel of the same name .
“ Often , you 're trying to decide if it 's gratuitous or not , ” McAdams , 39 , said of filming the movie 's sex scene . “ But this scene felt so integral to the plot and moving the story forward . The characters need this release to open up… There was energy to that scene that I have n't experienced in any other sex scenes [ with men ] in my career . ”
Rachel Weisz ( L ) and Rachel McAdams . Brian de Rivera Simon/Getty
McAdams added that there was a “ camaraderie ” to filming a sex scene with a fellow actress . “ We both felt safe and free … All those things that you love about being a woman , you get to be [ in the scene ] , so I understand the attraction and appeal to that in a sexual context . ”
The sex scene in question “ is a massively important and beautiful scene , ” Weisz , 48 , added , noting that their director , Sebastián Lelio , “ storyboarded it precisely a couple weeks before we shot it . ”
Even the scene 's most memorable moment was choreographed by Lelio . “ He made it clear everything he wanted : the wetness , me spitting in Rachel 's mouth , and [ a focus on ] Esti 's orgasm — my character [ originally ] had an orgasm , too , but I had to agree as a producer , even though it was a very good orgasm , it was n't as good for the story as Esti 's , ” Weisz said . “ In that moment , Esti 's orgasm is both a sexual release and a metaphorical release to freedom , it 's like she 's free to find out who she really is . ”
Weisz also noted the differences between performing a sex scene with a male versus a female actor , saying , “ normally as you do a sex scene it 's kind of freestyle . You get in the bed and in my case it 's always with men and you see what happens . It can come out a bit meaningless and generalized . ”
She added , “ I think Sebastian would say it 's the center of the movie , the heart of the movie , the deep inside of the movie . It was important to him . We had a whole day to shoot it . It was full of meaning , it was n't just random . All the ideas he came up with , you know spitting in Esti ' mouth , those were ideas he authored as an auteur , they were his authorship . They were n't mine or Rachel McAdams ' , we just saw the storyboard and thought , ‘ That looks really interesting and beautiful . ' ”
As for the saliva swapping , McAdams said with a laugh , “ I was excited that Sebastián was doing something new . It 's provocative and brings the audience into something intimate … The makeup department tested out different flavors of lube the night before to use as the spit . We settled on lychee-flavored ! ”
Disobedience hits theaters April 27 .
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale reaches across a table to shake hands with Kirstjen Nielsen , United States Secretary of Homeland Security during a G7 Foreign and Security Ministers meeting in Toronto on Monday , April 23 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young
Canada and its G7 partners are saying “ enough is enough ” to attacks by Russia and other authoritarian countries in their democratic institutions , Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Monday .
Freeland concluded talks with her G7 counterparts by affirming an organized effort to respond to foreign meddling and the spreading of false information — mainly by Russia . Exactly what that means is a work in progress , but Freeland said the ministers will give their leaders recommendations on how to respond in a forceful , co-ordinated manner when they meet in Charlevoix , Que . in June .
There is a concern in the G7 countries that “ authoritarian states are actively working to undermine the democratic systems in our countries and elsewhere , ” she said .
“ Today we said , ‘ Enough is enough . ' ”
Freeland said there was unanimity among G7 ministers for a concerted effort to tackle Russian disinformation and meddling in the world 's democracies .
Related : G7 warned of Russian threats to western democracy
While she and British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson displayed enthusiasm for the G7 effort to take Russia to task for what they are calling a broad range of “ malign ” behaviour , their American counterpart sounded a less effusive note .
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan did n't bother mentioning the initiative in his closing public remarks .
Sullivan was pinch-hitting for U.S. President Donald Trump 's new pick for secretary of state , CIA Director Mike Pompeo , who faces strong opposition to his confirmation , and could not represent his country during the overlapping meeting of G7 foreign and interior ministers , which continues Tuesday .
Sullivan opted instead to highlight the North Korea nuclear crisis in his closing summit remarks , following Pompeo 's secret mission to the Hermit Kingdom two weeks ago to pave the way for a Trump meeting with its leader , Kim Jong-un .
Freeland pushed Russia to the top of a packed agenda that included North Korea , Iran , the ongoing Syrian crisis , and the Venezuela and Rohingya Muslim unrest .
Russia is , of course , a politically charged issue for Trump , with special counsel Robert Mueller investigating allegations of possible collusion between Russia and the campaign that brought the president to power in 2016 .
The G7 ministers agreed in their Sunday discussion about the need to address the disruptive influence of Russia , including its interference in foreign elections and its dissemination of fake news .
“ What we decided … was that we were going to set up a G7 group that would look at Russian malign behaviour in all its manifestations , whether it 's cyberwar , whether it 's disinformation , assassination attempts , whatever it happens to be and collectively try and call it out , ” Johnson said .
“ Russia is so unbelievably clever at kind of sowing doubt and confusion and spreading all this fake news and trying to muddy the waters . We think there 's a role for the G7 in just trying to provide some clarity . ”
Freeland said she and her fellow ministers talked about “ democracy being under attack , and in particular about Russian efforts to destabilize some democracies . ”
Sullivan did n't mention the Russia initiative in his summary of the talks or single out the Kremlin 's use disinformation , but he said the U.S. remains committed to the G7 's endeavour .
He called on Russia to be a “ constructive partner ” in Syria , where it continues to back the regime of Bashar Assad . He blasted it for the chemical weapon attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter in the British town of Salisbury . And he called on the Kremlin to give Crimea back to Ukraine and get out of its eastern region .
Sullivan also said co-operation with Russia on a variety of topics is necessary , including fighting terrorism “ but that will not prevent us from standing up and confronting and taking action against Russian behaviour that 's contrary to international norms and all that we stand for in the G7 . ”
Afterwards , a senior State Department official , speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter , added additional comment : “ The U.S. will support its allies to combat state sponsored disinformation from Russia and other countries . This remains a priority . ”
Freeland has framed the clash between democracy and authoritarianism as a defining theme of our time , with Russia as the West 's main foe on that front .
She said all citizens in democratic countries , as well as their governments have a duty to be vigilant against the disruption . She said one of her fellow ministers “ pointed out that making the case for democracy can be hard sometimes … because facts can be very boring ” and do n't always lead to an interesting narrative .
“ Lurid conspiracy theories , on the other hand , are lurid , and exciting . Part of our job , I think , is a collective one of being aware of that fact . ”
Related : Trudeau ends 3-country tour with global reputation , alliances intact
Mike Blanchfield , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
March 31Cosmo Pharmaceuticals N.V. :
* Announced on Thursday proposed secondary sale of shares in Cosmo Pharmaceuticals
* The offering is to place shares held by certain pre-2007 IPO shareholders , and certain beneficiaries of the employee stock ownership program
* Cosmo Holding S.a.r.l. , the largest shareholder in Cosmo Pharmaceuticals , is not selling any shares in the placing
* Number of shares offered in the placing by selling shareholders and treasury shares will be 1.33 million , representing up to approximately 9.3 per cent of the company 's issued existing ordinary share capital
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
The DOH is willing to share the UP-PGH 's findings to the Public Attorney 's Office , which is conducting its own exhumation and forensic examination of other children vaccinated with Dengvaxia
Published 8:41 PM , February 02 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Department of Health ( DOH ) will be relying on the findings of the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital ( UP-PGH ) for official data on the deaths of children vaccinated with the Dengvaxia dengue vaccine .
Undersecretary Enrique Domingo was asked on Friday , February 2 , which between the two ongoing studies on the Dengvaxia-related deaths will the DOH be relying on : The one by the UP-PGH Dengue Investigative Task Force or the exhumation and forensic examination by the Public Attorney 's Office ( PAO ) .
“ So in this case , definitely the PGH expert panel handled it very , very well – beyond even all the expectations of the Department of Health . We were surprised at how scientific and how thorough the evaluations were . And at this point , this is the evidence that we are taking into consideration , ” said Domingo .
DOH Secretary Francisco Duque III had tapped the UP-PGH to conduct an independent analysis of the clinical records of 14 vaccinated children who died due to various causes after participating in the now-suspended school-based dengue vaccination program .
The goal of the task force will be to determine if Dengvaxia had , in any way , influenced the children 's deaths .
So far , the UP-PGH doctors said 3 of the 14 children died because of dengue despite immunization , 9 perished because of other diseases they developed after getting the vaccine , while the causes of death of the last two children remain unknown .
The panel , however , can not determine yet if Dengvaxia itself had caused the deaths . ( READ : Kids ' vaccination rate down to 60 % after Dengvaxia scare – DOH )
The PAO , meanwhile , has partnered with the Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption to exhume and autopsy the bodies of another 14 dead children .
PAO forensic consultant Dr Erwin Erfe said he has seen a “ pattern ” in his autopsies , with the children 's organs enlarged and with internal bleeding or hemorrhage . He said the kids ' symptoms also occurred within 6 months after getting a shot of Dengvaxia .
Like the UP-PGH task force , Erfe can not say yet if the deaths were caused by the vaccine .
Senator Vicente Sotto III already doubted the PAO 's capability to conduct an effective forensic examination during the first confirmation hearing of Duque before the Commission on Appointments .
A medical study done right
On Friday , UP-PGH forensic pathologist Dr Maria Cecilia Lim explained internal bleeding is not a unique condition for dengue cases .
“ Hemorrhage is not specific to dengue . Even the enlargement of organs , we see it in a lot of conditions , ” said Lim in Filipino .
She cited several conditions that can leave a body with hemorrhaging organs , like broncho-pneumonia , heart attack , and even chest compression .
“ So there are a lot of conditions . You have to consider everything before you give a diagnosis , ” she said .
UP-PGH expert panel head Juliet Sio-Aguilar explained it is also standard practice in medicine to compare and correlate different test results to arrive at an accurate diagnosis .
“ You have to be thorough… Even after you see the body , examine the body , you look at the microscopic cells of this patient , they would have to review and correlate . Tama ba ? Ito ba ang naging pattern no'n ? … Compatible ba ‘ yong nakikita ko sa findings ko na objective ? ( Is this correct ? Is this the emerging pattern ? … Is this compatible with my other objective findings ? ) ” said Aguilar .
UP-PGH director Dr Gerardo Legaspi said this was why it took the task force some time before they were able to announce their initial findings .
“ So nando'n na po tayo sa era na hindi puwedeng maging credible ang ating sinasabi , as I said , kung hindi ang standard ay international . Kaya po namin nilabas ‘ yon dahil marami hong data ang task force pero nakita niyo rin na ang recommendation ay ituloy pa ang study , ” said Legaspi .
( We are in that era where you 're statements can not be considered credible if they are n't based on international standards . That 's why we released the findings , even if the task force still has a lot of data to process , so you can see that our recommendation is to continue the study . )
The DOH is willing to share the UP-PGH 's findings to the DOJ , of which PAO is an attached agency , to help in its ongoing investigation into the dengue vaccination program .
But PAO chief Persida Acosta is not keen to do the same for DOH , arguing there is already a “ conflict of interest ” as it was the department that had implemented the controversial program . – Rappler.com
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi 's trucker jacket , the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign . He shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram .
Related : Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘ Wonder Wheel ' Trailer
Timberlake posted , “ For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket , @ Levis asked me to redesign one . I did and ever since , it 's been my favorite drinking buddy . 🍻👌🏻 # Denim # Flannel # LiveInLevis . ”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says , “ Why do n't you mind your own business . ”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer , having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005 .
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below :
May 2 Encana Corp-
* Encana delivers strong first quarter results ; company 's multi-basin advantage drives growth and value
* Q1 non-gaap operating earnings per share $ 0.11
* Encana Corp qtrly core asset production of 237,300 barrels of oil equivalent per day ( boe/d ) , representing 75 percent of total production
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.44
* Encana Corp - infrastructure on schedule to support montney liquids growth to an expected 70,000 bbls/d by 2019
* Says Encana is on track to meet or exceed its 2017 guidance
* Encana Corp qtrly liquids production of 110,900 barrels per day ( bbls/d ) including oil and plant condensate production of 87,900 bbls/d
* Encana Corp - new permian 12-well pad delivered peak daily production of 14,000 boe/d , including 11,000 bbls/d of oil in quarter
* Encana - as at april 26 , had hedged about 81,000 bbls/d of expected 2017 oil , condensate production for balance of year at average price of $ 51.33/barrel
* Encana - expects to grow oil and condensate production by over 35 percent and total production from core assets by over 20 percent between q4 2016 and q4 2017
* Encana Corp says for 2018 , has hedged approximately 31,000 bbls/d of expected oil and condensate production at an average price of $ 55.45 per bbl
* Encana Corp - `` company expects total production will begin to grow from middle of 2017 ''
* Says has protected between 70 and 75 percent of its expected oil , condensate and natural gas production for remainder of 2017
* Says for 2018 , has hedged approximately 500 mmcf/d of expected natural gas production at an average price of $ 3.06 per mcf
* Encana Corp - in 2018 , encana is positioned to grow total production from its core assets between q4 of 2017 and q4 of 2018
* Encana Corp - company delivered q1 production of 317,900 boe/d Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 10 Fitch :
* Slowdown in Mexican economy from unwinding of NAFTA could affect retailers ' revenues , although changes would be manageable for nonfood retailers
* Overall , expect Latin American retail sector to be stable during 2017 due to single-digit revenue growth and steady profitability Source text for Eikon :
Home For Sale Sign in Front of New House
Home sales in January dipped 5-percent compared to last year , according to the Vancouver Island Real Estate Board .
Lovina Miller with DFH Real Estate says the decrease in sales is because there are not as many active listings for single family homes compared to the year before .
Last month , the benchmark price reported for a single family home in Duncan was 348-thousand dollars . That 's up 14 percent from January 2016 .
NEW YORK — Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $ 18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend .
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh 's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens ' loss to the Steelers .
Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins ' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night .
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $ 9,115 by the league after he threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt . He was penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct .
May 1 Consolidated Operations Group Ltd :
* Term sheet signed for partial acq of equip finance broker
* Executed a terms sheet to purchase 95 pct of an equipment finance broker for A $ 21.98 mln
* Transaction is expected to be completed around 1 July 2017
* To undertake a non-renouceable rights issue at $ 0.12 per share to raise up to A $ 31 mln Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
VOL . 42 | NO . 21 | Friday , May 25 , 2018
PARIS ( AP ) — French President Emmanuel Macron warned against trade wars in an impassioned speech about international cooperation Wednesday , two days before the Trump administration decides whether to hit Europe with punishing new tariffs .
Top European officials are holding last-ditch talks with the U.S. commerce and trade chiefs on steel and aluminum tariffs that the U.S. plans to enact from Friday .
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn .
`` Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade . Nothing , '' Macron said in a speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
In a clear reference to U.S. President Donald Trump , he added : `` These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term ... One can think about making voters happy by saying : I have a victory , I 'll change the rules , you 'll see . ''
But he said that those `` who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment . ''
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive . But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who can not source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material . That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices , economists say .
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S. , the EU , China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade . Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year .
With the tariffs looming Friday , U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer were meeting Wednesday and Thursday in Paris with EU , French and German officials .
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs , the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of U.S. national security .
EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom , ahead of her meetings with Ross and Lighthizer , tweeted that `` the EU wants to be fully excluded from these tariffs and rather engage in a positive transatlantic trade agenda . ''
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position .
`` There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place . There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us . It 's not that we ca n't talk just because there are tariffs , '' he said . He noted that `` China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate . ''
Speaking on a panel on international cooperation , Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business .
`` We would operate within ( multilateral ) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly , '' he said .
If the U.S. goes ahead with its tariffs , the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice , peanut butter and other goods in return .
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week 's gathering at the OECD , an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member .
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying `` the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence '' and tariffs `` would negatively influence investment and jobs . ''
The OECD also said persistent high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes . After a first-quarter slowdown , the agency slightly revised down its forecast for world growth this year to 3.8 percent , with 3.9 percent expected next year .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women 's 4 x 100 meters relay final – London Stadium , London , Britain – August 12 , 2017 – Aaliyah Brown , Allyson Felix , Morolake Akinosun and Tori Bowie of the U.S. celebrate winning the gold medal .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Individual champion Tori Bowie anchored the United States to victory in the women 's 4x100 metres relay at the World Championships on Saturday .
It was the sixth time the U.S. have won the event and the gold was a record 15th World Championship medal for Allyson Felix , who ran the second leg .
The Americans , Olympic gold medallists in Rio last year , were led off by Aaliyah Brown who flew out of the blocks to start the run that brought them the world title they last won in 2011 .
Felix , part of that winning team in Daegu , took the baton to Morolake Akinosun who handed on to Bowie , the 100m world champion .
The 26-year-old had pulled out of competing in the 200m earlier in the week due to suffering cuts and bruises in her sprint triumph last Sunday .
However , she looked in no discomfort as she surged down the final straight to win in 41.82 seconds .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women 's 400 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 12 , 2017 . Asha Philip , Desiree Henry , Dina Asher-Smith and Daryll Neita of Great Britain celebrate finishing second in the final . Dylan Martinez
`` We are on top of the world , '' Bowie said . `` I am grateful to be able to run and bring these ladies home to the gold . It has been a mixed week but two gold medals is amazing for me . ''
Bowie was shadowed all the way to the line by Briton Daryll Neita who led her team to silver , in 42.12 , ahead of 2015 champions Jamaica who were missing their usual anchor runner in Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women 's 400 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 12 , 2017 . Aaliyah Brown , Allyson Felix , Morolake Akinosun and Torie Bowie of the U.S. celebrate winning the final . Kai Pfaffenbach
Britain 's silver represented a big stride forward for the team , having won bronze at the Olympics .
`` I tried my best down that last stretch and I 'm glad to bring the team home to silver . We work so hard as a team so we are delighted , '' Neita said .
The evening session proved a double sprint delight for Britain as the men won a sensational gold in their race , watched by their female counterparts beside the track who leapt and screamed in delight at the final result .
`` We 've smashed it . We worked so hard for this . Us girls and boys have both done so well and we 're so proud of each other , '' Neita added .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Airbnb 's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The Juneau community shared stories during an event Monday night promoting awareness of domestic violence and sexual abuse .
About 50 people attended “ An Evening of Stories , ” at Elizabeth Peratrovich Hall . Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault sponsored the event .
Juneau police estimate that they had about 28 reports of sexual assault in 2017 , but because the crime is so personal , cases are likely under-reported .
Actress Irene Bedard and playwright Vera Starbard shared their personal experiences . Starbard talked about her semi-autobiographical play , “ Our Voices Will Be Heard . ”
“ It was intense , about a year and a half of really intense exploring my own abuse through a really public format , ” Starbard said . I do n't think I knew what I was signing up for until I did it . And it felt pretty good though because … after every single performance I would hear a version of ‘ this is my story , ' ‘ that 's my story , ' ‘ that happened to me . ' ”
Starbard said that a month after the play closed , the troupe found out one of the actors was an abuser .
“ It destroyed everything . It took me a while to come out of that . It 's hard but it was months of hiding , ” Starbard said . “ Because I could n't believe that 's what I presented to people . I presented an abuser . To represent this idyllic world with no abuse . ”
The play opened again in Fairbanks , and Starbard heard people tell their stories again .
Bedard , who voiced Disney 's “ Pocahontas ” and is also Starbard 's sister-in-law , also talked about her various roles in film and television .
“ I feel like in so many ways the history of my film makings since the beginning has been going through the history of these Native women from all over the country , ” said the actress who also starred in “ Smoke Signals ” and “ Into the West. ” “ I 've had the chance to tell the variations on a theme what the experience for Native women has been over the centuries . So here we are now we here I feel like we have experiences where we can tell those stories . ”
Bedard also performed a personal piece by the actress titled “ Seven Dreams , ” a portion of “ Our Voices Will Be Heard , ” and a new piece by Starbard titled “ Fog Woman . ”
April 28 Tianma Bearing Group Co Ltd
* Says it scraps plan to jointly set up property insurance JV as it failed to meet requirements due to net loss in 2016
* Says it swings to net loss of 252.2 million yuan ( $ 36.57 million ) in 2016 versus net profit of 47.2 million yuan year ago
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2pssTcr ; bit.ly/2oP1EF5
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8970 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Hear the radio version of this story .
A group of Republican state lawmakers is condemning a decision by their counterparts in California to ban all travel to Tennessee .
But they 're stopping short of reciprocating . They say they want to end the bickering over differences in social policy before it gets out of hand .
The back-and-forth comes after Tennessee passed a law last year allowing counselors to turn away clients for religious or moral reasons . California lawmakers called the measure dangerous to LGBT people and responded by passing a law barring the state from spending money to send people to Tennessee .
State Sen. Mike Bell , R-Riceville , says he was tempted to introduce a measure banning Tennessee officials from going to California .
`` And after some reflection and talking to some guys here who are maybe a little bit wiser , they said no , this is n't the way we should do it . They said we should … take the high road . ''
Bell 's resolution , SJR 111 , says the governor and legislative leaders should be selective about cutting off travel . The resolution also urges the other 48 states not to impose their `` unfounded moral judgments '' on each other .
If it passes , Bell has asked legislative staffers to email a copy of the resolution to every state lawmaker in the country .
Taiwan 's 5-day drill , codenamed 'Han Kuang , ' which means 'Han Glory , ' will start from June 4
Published 9:03 PM , April 24 , 2018
TAIPEI , Taiwan – Taiwan will practice thwarting a Chinese `` invasion '' in annual live fire drills in June , simulating surprise coastal assaults to reflect increased military threats from Beijing , officials said Tuesday , April 24 .
China 's growing military is increasingly flexing its muscles and held live-fire drills last week in the Taiwan Strait – the narrow waterway separating the Chinese mainland from Taiwan – following weeks of naval maneuvers in the area .
Chinese officials said their drills were to safeguard Beijing 's territorial sovereignty , a major priority for President Xi Jinping .
Although Taiwan is a self-ruling democracy , it has never formally declared independence from the mainland and Beijing still sees it as a renegade province to be brought back into the fold , by force if necessary .
Cross-strait relations have steadily deteriorated since 2016 when President Tsai Ing-wen took office , largely because she refuses to accept that Taiwan is part of `` one China '' , and because Beijing is deeply suspicious of her traditionally pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party .
Taiwan 's 5-day drill , codenamed `` Han Kuang , '' which means `` Han Glory , '' will start from June 4 .
`` Simply put , the main goal of the drill is to make any Chinese communist military mission to invade Taiwan fail , '' defense ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi told reporters .
`` It simulates this year 's situation and we are taking into consideration China 's air and naval movements in the region , '' he added .
This year 's drill will enlist the coast guard and National Airborne Service Corps , which handles rescue flights , for the first time for `` comprehensive defence '' , Chen said .
Civilian drones will also participate in the drill for the first time to conduct surveillance and mark targets , while civilian telecom service providers will assist in maintaining communication and control , the ministry said .
`` It 's not just soldiers ' duties to protect the country . Everyone has the responsibility since our defense budget is limited , '' Chen said .
Taipei dismissed China 's military exercises in the Taiwan Strait last week as `` routine '' after expected large-scale naval maneuvers failed to materialize and called it the `` cheapest way of verbal intimidation and sabre-rattling '' .
Chinese state media reported Tuesday that a flotilla of Chinese naval vessels held a `` live combat drill '' in the East China Sea , the latest show of force in disputed waters that have riled neighbors .
Earlier this month Chinese president Xi inspected the convoy as it conducted exercises in the disputed South China Sea .
The flotilla then held two separate drills last week in waters on either side of Taiwan , infuriating the government in Taipei . – Rappler.com
JOHANNESBURG , April 12 South Africa 's parliament said on Wednesday a motion of no- confidence in President Jacob Zuma has been postponed until a court decides whether the vote should be taken by secret ballot .
Opposition parties have said that a no-confidence vote could have a chance of success if it is held by secret ballot , but the ruling African National Congress party , which has a majority in parliament , has said it will vote against it .
( Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg ; Writing by James Macharia ; Editing by Angus MacSwan )
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website . If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it .
Right now , a group of middle schoolers in Gulfport is preparing for an international level of competition .
Jonathan Brannan visited the team to see what got them to this point .
Summer Art Experience is filled with fun and creativity . High quality art education includes drawing , painting , sculpture , jewelry , fashion , ceramics , and printmaking . Teens can discover the latest developments in 3-D printing technology with the Armory 's new 3D printers .
Most instructors have a master 's degree and all have had a background check . We provide a safe and enriching environment for your child . Activities include excursions to local venues and art show receptions in July and August .
Child ages 6-18 are accepted and grouped by age .
* Cost : Ranges from $ 235 per week to $ 285 per week ;
* Dates & Hours : June 5 to Aug. 4 . ( no classes July 3-7 ) Monday to Friday from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m .
* Location : The Armory Art Center is at 811 Park Place in West Palm Beach
* Contact : Call ( 561 ) 832-1776 or go online to armoryart.org/youthartcamp .
Summer Art Academy is an advanced program for students who plan to pursue visual arts in future studies . Rising freshman and rising juniors can learn more about these intensive workshops at www.armoryart.org/academy . Offered June 5-9 & July 17-21 , M-F | 10:30 am – 3:30 pm , $ 200 per week .
For more information , click here
Ireland were defeated by two late goals against Japan at UUC , Cork .
Japan , ranked 12th in the world , got off to the better start as they built continuous phases of possession .
But they had few real goalmouth chances , the main two being a reverse strike and a crash ball into a crowded circle , were saved by Ayeisha McFerran . Nicci Daly was also on hand to clear Minami Shimizu 's shot off the line .
Ireland pounced on any loose passes and attacked on the counter utilising the pace of Anna O'Flanagan . It was O'Flanagan who won the first penalty corner of the game with some tenacious running into the circle but Zoe Wilson 's strike was well saved by Megumi Kageyama .
Ireland upped the pressure as the half went on with Ali Meeke robbing Maho Segawa of the ball and feeding Deirdre Duke , winning her 100th cap , on the end line but the final slip back to penalty spot was well read and cleared by the Japanese defence .
McFerran continued her great game with two fine saves early in the second half .
Motomi Kawamura got an awkward touch in front of goal but McFerran made a good reaction save and moments later came sliding out of her goal to prevent Aki Yamada 's close-range strike .
The first goal came from a bobbly ball into the circle that saw Yukari Mano get the touch past McFerran in the 53rd minute .
The Japanese doubled their lead courtesy of an Irish error ; a well won PC went awry and they countered at pace down the right with Hazuki Nagai picking the ball up at the baseline and firing into the corner .
Ireland had a few chances as the clock wound down ; Zoe Wilson sending a great ball into O'Flanagan and Pinder doing the same for Mullan but Kageyama made the late save .
Ireland : N Evans , K Mullan ( Captain ) , S McCay , E Beatty , G Pinder , A McFerran , L Colvin , H Matthews , A O'Flanagan , Z Wilson , A Meeke
Subs : G O'Flanagan , Y O'Byrne , E Tice , C Watkins , N Daly , S Torrans , D Duke
Ireland vs Japan 4/7/18 7pm UCC
Ireland vs Japan 6/7/18 7pm UCC
Ireland vs Japan 7/7/18 5pm UCC
LONDON , April 3 British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser is weighing strategic options for its food business , it said on Monday it , following its agreement to buy Mead Johnson .
The company said its French 's mustard was non-core and that it would update the market when appropriate . ( Reporting by Martinne Geller )
It is one of the most inspiring stories of all time , and this weekend , residents will have the opportunity to see it live on stage .
The Miracle Worker will be performed August 4 through 6 at 7 p.m. at the Montgomery County Performing Arts Center in downtown Winona . Tickets are available in advance or at the door .
WATERLOO — The history and future of quilting is on display at the upcoming Waterloo County Quilters ' Guild exhibit .
`` There 's a trend toward modern and art quilting , '' said guild member Ilene Atkins . `` And the show reflects that . ''
The quilt exhibit is being held on Friday , Oct. 13 , and Saturday , Oct. 14 , from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. at RIM Park in Waterloo . Admission is $ 5 .
The guild holds an exhibit every two years to showcase quilts made by its more than 200 members , making it one of the largest quilting guilds in the country .
`` We 've got a history of quilting here and we do have a large guild , '' Atkins said .
While the guild has been going strong for more than three decades , the style of quilting has evolved in recent years beyond traditional techniques and fabrics .
That will make for an interesting show of more than 200 quilts , ranging from traditional patterns to more modern designs and artistic creations using fabric .
`` There 's quite a large variety of quilts and styles and techniques , '' Atkins said .
Along with the quilts on display , there will be vendors selling quilt-making supplies , door prizes , small quilt draw , tearoom and a charity raffle quilt .
The last show , also held during the last weekend of Oktoberfest , attracted about 1,600 people , many who were n't quilters but came to appreciate the artistry .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESAPEAKE , Va. - Reggie Barnett Jr. is preparing for the fight of his life . The Virginia resident will fight in the featured bout in the first sanctioned U.S. bare-knuckle boxing match in 130 years .
`` I 'm in fight mode , Reggie Jr. tells WTKR as he makes final preparations for Saturday 's showdown in Cheyenne , Wyoming .
At 757 Boxing , the gym Reggie Jr. owns with his dad , he puts himself through brutal workouts to make sure he 's ready . On Tuesday afternoon , he 's going through what he calls a `` light workout '' consisting of sparing and other exercises in the ring , then circuits outside , switching between skipping rope , push ups , jump squats and more .
`` I finally have the opportunity I was looking for to fight in front of the entire world , '' said Reggie Jr. after the workout was complete .
It 's been a long road for the fighter , both in and out of the ring . Reggie Jr. has battled alcoholism , which previously landed him behind bars . The promoter of the fight had to go through 28 states before finding one who would be willing to legalize the bare-knuckle fight . He also went through countless fighters before choosing Reggie Jr. and the others who will spar that night . The showdown will also be on pay-per-view .
When WTKR first spoke with Reggie in 2016 , he was making his comeback .
`` I struggled with alcoholism for years , I just was so down and out that I decided that before I got locked up , that I needed to do something , '' he said .
Reggie Jr. has been fighting his whole life . He picked up gloves when he was 4 years old , but his parents would n't let him pursue it until two years later . Then , he lost seven fights , resulting in him deviating from the ring and heading to the diamond .
But baseball just did n't cut it . He also did cheerleading but was n't a fan of being a flyer . That 's when he decided to get back into boxing . He was successful , taking home state titles , even Junior Olympic titles .
When he was 18 and no longer needed his parents ' permission , he decided to try MMA . After a rough start , he convinced a friend of his who does MMA to trade lessons .
`` I told him I would teach him how to box if he would teach me how to grapple and we 've been inseparable for a decade . He 's been in my corner ever since , '' smiled Reggie Jr. , adding his friend will definitely be there in Cheyenne .
Reflecting on when it hit him that he would be in the first bare-knuckle fight sanctioned in the U.S. in 130 years , Reggie alluded to a promotional poster .
`` When that first poster came out I was like , 'Yes ! This is really happening , there is no turning back , '' said Reggie Jr .
He got to work . For the past few months , Reggie Jr. has been punching brick walls at full force to build the bone density in his hands . He understands fighting may not be for everyone , especially the bare-knuckle variety .
`` Some people look at it as being barbaric . To be a part of the rawest form of fighting there is and to make history at the same time it 's ... I ca n't even explain . ''
However , he 's hoping his fight does more than put on a show .
`` It 's not about being famous , it 's that my name being mentioned and my journey to get to that point will hopefully inspire others to chase what they really like to do , '' Reggie Jr. said .
A South Carolina mom who claimed her baby daughter had been kidnapped by a stranger was arrested hours later when authorities discovered the 11-month-old 's dead body inside a diaper box about a thousand yards from her home .
Breanna Lewis , 19 , is charged with filing a false police report after police allege she admitted to fabricating the story about her baby , Harlee Lane Lewis , which prompted an AMBER Alert .
Now , Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks says Lewis is being questioned in the girl 's death as the primary suspect . Brooks tells PEOPLE there are no obvious signs of trauma on the girl and that police do not know how she died .
“ She confessed to say she made up the kidnapping and assault , ” Brooks says . “ We 're holding her because she 's incoherent , she 's on something . She keeps saying she blacked out and does n't know what happened to the baby . ”
Breanna Lewis SC Law Enforcement Division
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
Brooks is hoping an autopsy being performed later Wednesday will offer clues about how Harlee Lane died .
A spokesperson for the sheriff 's department tells PEOPLE that around 2 p.m. Tuesday , Lewis told investigators she was walking to her mailbox when a strange man wearing a coat , toboggan hat and black glove got out of his SUV , punched her in the head and left with her daughter .
Investigators issued an AMBER Alert but found the girl 's body after a brief search .
Brooks tells PEOPLE , “ Your heart hurts anytime it 's a juvenile . You remember every dead child — you have nightmares , they haunt you . The two deputies that found the body are both parents of young children so it 's really hard . ”
State and federal authorities are assisting in the investigation .
THE JIB IS UP Using A Small Crane To Move A Sizable Boat Motor Is Not A Good Idea
That said , perhaps this would have worked if they had a different driver behind the wheel .
* Libyan oil production reportedly down to 500,000 bpd
* U.S. crude stocks at new record , but gasoline inventories fall
* OPEC compliance with announced production cut increases
* But doubts remain over Russian compliance
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE , March 30 Oil prices were steady on Thursday , supported by falling crude output in Libya and declining gasoline stocks in the United States , although bloated U.S. crude inventories are still weighing on markets .
Prices for front-month Brent crude futures , the international benchmark for oil , were at $ 52.42 per barrel at 0040 GMT , unchanged from their last close .
In the United States , West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude futures were up 5 cents at $ 49.57 a barrel .
ANZ said on Thursday that prices were supported by Libyan oil output falling to about 500,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) due to the shutdown of pipelines from its biggest field .
And while a rise in U.S. crude inventories weighed on markets , ANZ said that `` the market got excited '' about a drawdown in gasoline stockpiles .
`` The big falls in gasoline inventories , coming near the end of the refinery maintenance season , suggest crude oil inventories are on the cusp of declining , '' it said .
U.S. crude inventories rose 867,000 barrels in the week ending March 24 , compared with analyst expectations for an increase of 1.4 million barrels . Total inventories were at a record of nearly 534 million barrels , the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) said on Wednesday .
Gasoline stocks fell 3.7 million barrels , compared with expectations for a 1.9-million barrel drop .
Key for the direction of oil prices will be whether an initiative led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to cut oil production during the first half of the year will be extended , and how high compliance with the reduction targets will be .
OPEC , along with other producers including Russia , aims to cut output by almost 1.8 million bpd during the first half of the year .
OPEC compliance with its targets is expected to be 95 percent this month , up from 94 percent in February , according to Reuters surveys .
However , compliance is lower by non-OPEC members like Russia , who have officially agreed to participate in the cuts .
`` Russia 's 300,000 bpd cut commitment particularly has been called into question , '' Eurasia Group said this week in a research report .
`` While it remains possible Russia can scrape together a combination of outages and natural decline at some west Siberian brownfields and spin this as a 300,000-bpd output cut , it is highly unlikely Russia will achieve an absolute 300,000 bpd reduction during the tenure of the current agreement , '' it added .
As markets remain bloated halfway into the cuts , there is a broad expectation that the supply cuts will be extended into the second half of the year . ( Reporting by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by Joseph Radford )
PHNOM PENH Cambodia on Tuesday banned the export of breast milk , putting a stop to the business of a U.S.-based company that had been selling the milk in the United States .
The decision was welcomed by United Nations child agency UNICEF , worried at a decline in breastfeeding in Cambodia .
Ambrosia Labs - known in Cambodia as Khun Meada , which means `` gratitude of mothers '' , had been exporting milk from more than 90 Cambodian women for more than two years .
The purchase and export of breast milk must stop immediately , Ngor Hong Ly , a Secretary of State at the Council of Ministers , said in an order on Tuesday .
`` Despite how poor and difficult Cambodia is , it 's not at a level where we sell breast milk , '' Ngor Hong Ly wrote .
Ambrosia did not respond to a Reuters request for comment .
On its Facebook page , the company said it put the safety and well-being of donors and customers before everything .
`` We work hard to set , and monitor , guidelines to ensure that we are not taking milk out of the infants ' mouths , '' it added .
The post said the company would not accept donations from mothers of infants younger than six months , and that donors should pump milk no more than twice a day .
Breastfeeding of Cambodian newborns during their first six months fell 65 percent in 2014 from 75 percent in 2010 , UNICEF said .
`` Breast milk could be considered as human tissue , the same as blood , and , as such , its commercialization in Cambodia should not be supported , '' the agency said in a statement to Reuters .
( Reporting by Prak Chan Thul ; Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Clarence Fernandez )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
April 6 CarMax Inc , the No.1 U.S. used-car dealer , reported a 9.3 percent rise in quarterly revenue , helped by higher vehicle sales .
Net earnings rose to $ 152.6 million , or 81 cents per share , in the fourth-quarter ended Feb. 28 , from $ 141.0 million , or 71 cents per share , a year earlier .
Net sales and operating revenue rose to $ 4.05 billion from $ 3.71 billion .
However , average selling prices for used vehicles fell 1.6 percent to $ 19,435 . ( Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru ; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty )
VOL . 41 | NO . 15 | Friday , April 14 , 2017
NASHVILLE ( AP ) — Nashville attorney and former Army helicopter pilot James Mackler says he is running for the Democratic nomination to represent Tennessee in the U.S. Senate .
Mackler announced Monday that he wants to challenge incumbent Republican Sen. Bob Corker in next year 's general election .
Forty-four-year-old Mackler suspended his legal career in response to the 9-11 attacks , joining the Army in 2001 . He spent three years as a Black Hawk pilot in the 101st Airborne Division that included a deployment to Iraq and an Air Medal for `` bold and audacious piloting . ''
He later transferred the Judge Advocate General Corps . Mackler left active duty in 2011 , but continues to serve in the Tennessee Air National Guard .
Republicans have held both of Tennessee 's seats in the Senate since 1994 .
Khloé Kardashian is looking to get back into “ beast mode ” again .
The new mom , 33 , reflected on her post-baby workout routines on her app and website on Wednesday as she shared the struggles of returning to her pre-baby gym sessions .
“ After I had True , I could n't wait to get back to the gym . I really missed it during my pregnancy . A good sweat sesh can do wonders for the mind , ” said Kardashian , who continues to document her sweaty trainings on social media .
“ Once I got the green light from my doctor , Coach Joe was on the next flight to Cleveland — no joke , LOL , ” the Keeping Up with the Kardashians reality star said about her longtime trainer and go-to KarJenner fitness instructor , who also trains Kourtney Kardashian .
Kardashian was spotted heading to the gym in Cleveland on May 8 , just three weeks after welcoming her baby girl on April 12 with NBA boyfriend Tristan Thompson .
“ On that first day back , it felt so good to sweat again . Not going to lie , it 's a struggle to get back into the groove . Mentally , I 'm strong but physically , it 's just not the same . But every day , I 'm one step closer , baby ! ” the mother of one revealed .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Khloé Kardashian Khloe Kardashian/Instagram
In fact , Coach Joe described Kardashian 's strong determination to return to the gym .
“ Two hours after I landed [ in Cleveland ] , we were in the gym together ! ” he recalled of working with the Good American mogul again .
“ She gave everything she 's got . She did n't try to slow down or make it easy , but I had to remind her that her body went through some big changes , ” Coach Joe remembered . “ In her head , she 's still the same ! I had to explain to her all the different steps , with the understanding that we 'll have to start slowly . ”
He added , “ She was already talking about when we 'll be able to do two workouts a day . That 's how Khloé thinks . I told her we 're not yet in beast mode , but her mind is already there . ”
RELATED : Khloé Kardashian Bares Toned Tummy 6 Weeks After Giving Birth — and Kylie Jenner Follows Suit
RELATED : Khloé Kardashian Shares New Throwback Photo of True at 2 Weeks Old : ‘ Why Is the Time Flying ! '
As she continues to update fans and followers on her gym progress , Kardashian has been showing off her bare stomach in several mirror selfies on social media .
On Sunday , the Revenge Body host proudly lifted up her shirt to show off her toned tummy on her Instagram Story .
Kardashian also recently shared how getting back into her old workout routine is “ much more difficult than I think you 'd expect it to be ” as she also clapped back at mommy shamers .
“ What I 'm annoyed about is that I 've read a couple of times on Twitter that , you know , they feel that I 'm focusing too much on my body , but the truth is , I 've worked out five or six days a week before I got pregnant and that 's my sanctuary and something I love to do , ” she said .
“ Just because I have a baby , does n't mean I have to stop doing the things that I love , and I love working out and getting my mind right , ” Kardashian added .
Closing date for votes midday Monday , 16th October
EirGrid , the state-owned company that manages and operates Ireland 's national grid , this year launched the ‘ EirGrid Moments in Time ' campaign as part of its timing partnership with the GAA . The campaign encouraged GAA fans to share their favourite GAA ‘ Moments in Time ' on Facebook or Instagram using the # EirGridGAA and tagging their GAA club .
Be it an image captured of a fan watching their county lift the Sam Maguire or Liam MacCarthy cup for the first time , or having the pre-match chats over breakfast , EirGrid saw it all and want to thank everyone for their fantastic entries .
This competition came to close on the 18th September after Dublin claimed the All-Ireland Final title for the 3rd time in a row and a shortlist of 12 entries , 3 from each province have been selected .
To vote for Corofin GAA to win an EirGrid Digital Clock and Scoreboard for their Club , go onto https : //www.facebook.com/eirgrid/ and cast your vote by liking their entry . One club from each province will be selected at midday Monday , 16th October .
Widespread snowfall is expected tonight , warns Environment Canada .
A special weather statement for Burlington , Oakville , Milton and Halton Hills is in effect as up to 10 centimetres of snow is expected by Tuesday morning .
The white stuff will be brought on by an Alberta Clipper , which will sail across Southern Ontario .
`` This weather disturbance will bring a general snowfall of five to 10 centimetres with it by Tuesday morning , '' said Environment Canada .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
The findings of investigation into the plane crash that killed four set to be released .
The wreckage of a Cessna Citation which crashed on October 13 , 2016 , is seen in the woods near Lake Country , B.C. , in this October 15 , 2016 , Transportation Safety Board handout image . The aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff , killing the pilot and all three passengers aboard , including the former Alberta Premier Jim Prentice . THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO-TSB ,
The investigation into the 2016 plane crash that killed four passengers , including former Alberta premier Jim Prentice , after it departed Kelowna has been completed and results will be announced later this week .
The Transportation Safety Board will hold a news conference Thursday to release its investigation report on the Oct. 13 2016 crash of the Cessna Citation 500 , and the Capital News will report on its findings .
At the time of the crash RCMP Cpl . Dan Moskaluk said the Cessna Citation private business aircraft was owned by Norjet , a Calgary-based firm , and had departed Kelowna International Airport en route to Springbank , outside of Calgary .
“ I know that heavy rain was felt across the Okanagan Valley but difficult to say if that was an issue in this case , ” Moskaluk said .
The Transportation Safety Board released a statement at the time also , saying that there were no emergency calls or signals from the high impact crash that scattered debris over a vast space .
READ MORE : FAMILY REACTS TO CRASH
RCMP , with the help of a police dog , were able to get to the scene just before midnight , and received assistance from local search and rescue volunteers .
“ It 's a complex scene right now and it will take some time for the investigation of the crash site to be completed , ” Moskaluk said .
“ The terrain is hilly and densely forested , but we were able to access the site from a nearby forest service road . ”
The site of the crash was northeast of Winfield , about four kms north of Beaver Lake Road and about 18 kms north of Kelowna .
READ MORE : CALL MADE FOR RECORDING DEVICES
Kelowna RCMP and Lake Country RCMP detachments were alerted by the Surrey Air Traffic Control Centre that they had lost contact with a Citation jet shortly after its takeoff from Kelowna airport .
Also onboard that night were Sheldon Reid , a shareholder in Norjet , the owner of the Cessna Citation aircraft that crashed , and Jim Kruk , associated with the 83 ‘ Lynx ' air cadet squadron based out of Airdrie , a rural community north of Calgary , and Calgary optometrist Kenneth Gellatly , whose son was married to Prentice 's daughter .
The men were flying home to Calgary from a late-season golf game in Kelowna when the crash occurred .
To report a typo , email :
newstips @ kelownacapnews.com .
@ KelownaNewsKat
kmichaels @ kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
The community showed their support for those who need a little extra boost this Christmas and for a good part of the year when it comes to putting food on the table .
62 pallets of food were donated to the Cowichan Basket Society during last week 's Stuff the Truck .
The Society 's Colleen Fuller says the support was overwhelming… .
Fuller says enough food was gathered to support 1300 families in the Duncan region , 100 at Lake Cowichan , 120 in Crofton and Chemainus and 200 in Ladysmith… .
She says many of the families who will be getting the food hampers are struggling to make ends meet between increased rents , putting gas in the car and paying their hydro bills .
Related Coverage American wounded in Istanbul attack , played dead after being shot
ANKARA , Turkey ( AP ) — A deadly New Year 's assault on an Istanbul nightclub follows a long string of attacks in Turkey over the past year . A look at the most significant attacks :
— Jan. 12 , 2016 , Istanbul : Suicide bomber kills 12 German tourists in historic district . Authorities say attacker was linked the Islamic State group .
— Feb. 17 , Ankara : A suicide car bomb apparently targeting military personnel kills 29 people in an attack claimed by TAK , an offshoot of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party .
—March 13 , Ankara : Kurdish woman blows herself up in a car at a busy transport hub , killing 37 people in an attack claimed by TAK , also known as the Kurdish Freedom Falcons .
— March 19 , Istanbul : Turkish suicide bomber kills five people in the city 's main pedestrian shopping street , Istiklal . Turkish officials say bomber was linked to IS .
Related : American wounded in Istanbul attack , played dead after being shot
— March 31 , Diyarbakir : Car bomb kills seven police officers and wounds 27 people , including 13 police .
— April 12 , Gaziantep : Syrian journalist dies from gunshot wounds from attack claimed by IS .
— April 27 , Bursa : Female suicide bomber wounds 13 in a historic district of Turkey 's fourth largest city .
— May 1 , Gaziantep : Car bomb at the entrance of a police station kills two officers , 22 other people wounded .
—May 10 , Diyarbakir : Car bomb strikes police vehicle carrying officers escorting seven detained Kurdish militants , killing three people and wounding 45 others .
— May 12 , Istanbul : Car bomb targeting a military garrison explodes during rush hour , wounding eight people .
— June 7 , Istanbul : Car bomb hits a riot police bus during the morning rush hour , killing 11 people and wounding 36 . A Kurdish militant group claims responsibility .
— June 8 , Midyat : Kurdish suicide car bomber kills five people and wounds 51 , including 23 civilians , outside a police headquarters near Turkey-Syria border .
— June 17 , Istanbul : Car bomb explodes as a police vehicle passes by , killing 11 people .
— June 28 , Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport : Three suicide bombers armed with assault rifles storm airport , killing 44 people and wounding nearly 150 .
— July 15 : About 270 people die in military coup attempt .
— Aug. 17 , Van : Car bombing at a police station kills a police officer and two civilians ; 53 civilians and 20 police officers wounded .
— Aug. 18 , Elazig : Car bomb at police headquarters kills at least five people and wounds more than 140 .
— Aug. 20 , Gaziantep : Suicide bomber — possibly as young as 12 — kills at least 51 people at an outdoor Kurdish wedding party . IS suspected of directing attack .
— Aug. 26 , Cizre : Kurdish suicide bomber rams an explosives-laden truck into a police checkpoint , killing at least 11 officers and wounding 78 other people .
— Sept , 12 . Van : Car bomb wounds 50 people outside ruling party 's municipal headquarters .
— Oct. 6 , Istanbul : Motorcycle bomb explodes near a police station , wounding at least 10 people .
— Oct. 8 , Ankara : Two suicide bombers blow themselves up after refusing to surrender to police . No one else was hurt .
— Oct. 9 , Hakkari province : Kurdish militants detonate car bomb outside a military checkpoint in the southeast , killing 10 soldiers and eight civilians .
— Oct. 10 , Dicle : A top local official of the ruling Justice and Development Party is killed when attackers open fire at a gas station he owned .
— Nov. 4 , Diyarbakir : Car bomb near a riot-police bus kills at least 11 people , including two police officers . A Kurdish militant group and IS both claim responsibility .
— Nov. 24 , Adana : Car bomb targeting a government building kills at least two people and wounds 33 others .
— Dec. 10 , Istanbul : A double bomb attack outside soccer stadium kills 44 people and wounds 149 .
—Dec . 17 , Kayseri province : Suicide car bomber targeting a public bus transporting off-duty soldiers kills 13 troops and wounds 56 other people .
—Dec . 19 , Ankara : A Turkish riot policeman assassinates Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov at a photo exhibition .
—Jan . 1 , 2017 , Istanbul . An assailant opens fire at a crowded nightclub during New Year 's celebrations . Istanbul 's governor says the attack killed at least 39 people and wounded 69 others .
( Adds quote , details )
ABUJA , March 29 Nigeria 's central bank has approved a licence for the Development Bank of Nigeria ( DBN ) , the finance ministry said on Wednesday .
The bank aims to support small-scale businesses with loans of varying lengths at lower interest rates than currently available as the country contends with its first recession in 25 years .
The finance ministry said approval for the licence was subject to meeting the minimum capital requirement of 100 billion naira ( $ 326 million ) , the reconstitution of the bank 's board and a review of the organisation 's structure .
The development bank has $ 1.3 billion in seed money provided by the World Bank , African Development Bank and German state bank Kfw , the finance ministry said on its Twitter feed .
The government `` expects that the influx of additional capital from the DBN will lower borrowing rates and the longer tenure of the loans , will provide the required flexibility in the management of cash flows '' , the finance ministry said in a statement .
The ministry has previously said that 50 percent of the GDP in Africa 's largest economy is made up of small companies . ( Reporting by Felix Onuah , Alexis Akwagyiram and Libby George ; Editing by Andrew Roche )
MILAN , April 3 Italy 's Veneto Banca posted on Monday a 1.5 billion euro ( $ 1.6 billion ) loss for 2016 and said it had lost deposits in March hit by uncertainty over a state bailout it has requested together with fellow regional bank Popolare di Vicenza .
To prop up its liquidity , Veneto Banca said it would ask the state to guarantee a new bond issue for up to 1.4 billion euros , after tapping the liquidity support scheme for 3.5 billion euros in February .
Veneto Banca said it had written down doubtful loans for 1.3 billion euros last year following a recently concluded on-site audit by European Central Bank supervisors which forced it to class more loans as bad and raise coverage levels .
It warned it could book more loan loss provisions this year as it applied the ECB 's guidelines on problematic loans .
( $ 1 = 0.9379 euros ) ( Reporting by Valentina Za )
Los Angeles Rams fans were undoubtedly excited when the team traded for Brandin Cooks a few weeks ago , but perhaps nobody was more thrilled than coach Sean McVay . And surely nobody was less concerned about what the Rams had to give up for Cooks . McVay made this all quite clear when he was asked about the trade at the Rams ' pre-draft press conference on Tuesday .
McVay and Les Snead were asked if it was at all hard for them to trade out of the first round for the second year in a row , to which the coach immediately spoke up .
“ When it came to Brandin Cooks , no , ” McVay emphatically declared . “ When you take all things into consideration , what we were able to acquire , for what we were giving up , we felt really strong about it . We feel really good about Brandin Cooks . ”
But he was n't done there . McVay felt so strongly that the 23rd overall pick in this year 's draft was such a small price to pay for a player like Cooks that he added this bit to his comment .
“ If you told me we would get a player like that at 23 , I 'd be throwing a pool party . And I do n't even have a pool , ” McVay said .
If Cooks can replicate his success from previous seasons , he 'll work out much better than the Sammy Watkins acquisition , and McVay might actually be throwing pool parties next offseason .
McVay clearly would rather have a proven No . 1 wide receiver rather than a roll-of-the-dice draft pick . As made clear by Snead 's draft history , even picks at the top of the draft can be a crapshoot . It 's great that Snead is n't letting his ego get in the way – and is willing to give up picks that other teams might see as precious – to get proven veteran players . Snead even compared a high draft pick to getting a car that depreciates the moment you drive it off the lot . Additionally , Snead raved about Cooks , calling him “ a proven receiver , that fits [ our ] scheme . ”
If McVay and Snead 's comments are any indication , the Rams will always be willing to trade down in the draft or trade out of the early rounds entirely . While it might temper the draft-week excitement for fans , there 's no question the flurry of trades Snead cooked up this offseason were plenty exciting in their own right – especially if they bring Rams pool parties .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea said on Saturday that nearly 3.5 million workers , party members and soldiers volunteered to join or rejoin its army to resist new U.N. sanctions and to fight against the United States in the current geopolitical tension between Pyongyang and Washington .
Rodong Sinmun , North Korea 's official newspaper , said the volunteers had offered to join or rejoin the People 's Army after the Korea Central News Agency ( KCNA ) issued a statement on Monday condemning new sanctions imposed by the United Nations in retaliation for North Korean missile tests .
Earlier this week , nuclear-armed North Korea threatened to strike the United States and its Pacific territory of Guam .
KCNA said on Wednesday a mass rally was held in Pyongyang to support the government . North Korea has previously mobilised large crowds to show its resolve when tensions escalate .
In August 2015 , 1 million North Koreans offered to enlist or re-enlist in the army when a mine exploded in the demilitarised zone between the two Koreas , raising additional tensions .
North Korea warned foreign diplomats to leave Pyongyang in 2013 when it suspended work at a joint inter-Korean industrial park and threatened missile strikes on U.S. Pacific bases , notably in Guam and Hawaii .
Troublemakers throw shoes , chairs , and bottles towards former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad , who is unhurt and escorted from the building
Published 12:25 AM , August 14 , 2017
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia – A forum led by Malaysia 's ex-leader Mahathir Mohamad , who is seeking to oust the government , descended into violence on Sunday , August 13 , as participants threw shoes and chairs and set off flares .
The town hall meeting was aimed at highlighting a major financial scandal that has ensnared Prime Minister Najib Razak , and which has spurred Mahathir , 92 , into coming out of retirement to take on his ex-protege .
But about 90 minutes into the event in Shah Alam , on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur , troublemakers started throwing shoes , chairs , and bottles towards Mahathir , organizer Syed Saddiq Syed Abdul Rahman told Agence France-Presse .
They also set off flares during the short outburst of violence in the community hall where the event took place , with video footage showing the room filling with smoke .
Mahathir , who had been taking questions from the audience when the violence erupted , was escorted from the building and was unhurt , Syed Saddiq said . At least two people were injured , he added .
`` It is clear it was designed to silence Mahathir and the opposition , '' said Syed Saddiq , the youth chief of Mahathir 's recently established Bersatu party .
`` But we will never be cowed by these cowards . ''
Senior opposition figure Azmin Ali accused Najib of `` using gangsterism to silence Mahathir . This is a cowardly act . ''
It was not clear who was behind the violence but it illustrates that political tensions are rising before elections which Najib must call by mid-2018 , and that Mahathir is viewed as a potent threat .
Mahathir , who was premier from 1981 to 2003 , has excoriated Najib over allegations billions were looted from state investment fund 1MDB in an audacious campaign of fraud and money-laundering .
Before the violence erupted at Sunday 's event , called `` Nothing to Hide '' and attended by some 2,000 people , Mahathir had repeated his criticism of Najib over 1MDB .
Najib , whose United Malays National Organization has been in power at the head of a coalition since independence in 1957 , and 1MDB deny wrongdoing .
Mahathir 's party has joined the opposition coalition Pakatan Harapan , or Alliance of Hope . Its last month announced a new leadership lineup , with Mahathir as chairman and his former rival Anwar Ibrahim – who is in jail – as overall leader . – Rappler.com
Exclusive : Bethenny Frankel Reveals Why Helping Puerto Rico Has Become Her Mission
Come back every day at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from Time Inc. headquarters in New York City , and rebroadcast at 11:30 am EST . Get the absolute latest in celebrity news , real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food .
Want even more ? Watch clips from yesterday 's People Now .
For Hillary Clinton , the harsh reality of her election-night loss to Donald Trump did not truly take hold until she received two phone calls from her former boss , then-President Barack Obama : one urging her to concede swiftly and graciously to the rival she loathed , and then , finally , one of consolation .
This is according to a new , behind-the-scenes book , Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton 's Doomed Campaign , by political journalists Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes .
The book , out Tuesday , explores Clinton 's 2016 campaign and the excruciating play-by-play of her election night .
At one point , the authors describe how , in the early hours of Nov. 9 — not long after the Associated Press officially called the race for Trump , and hours after most of the Clinton camp had all but given up hope of winning — the 2016 Democratic nominee got a call from President Obama .
“ You need to concede , ” Obama told his former secretary of state , according to the authors .
The president , who had hit the campaign trail hard for Clinton , now believed the race was over and was determined that she accept her defeat with “ dignity . ”
“ After Trump had questioned the legitimacy of the election , the last thing Obama wanted was for Hillary to reinforce that message . As president , it was his job to safeguard the integrity of the political process , ” the authors write .
Though she faced pressure from some top advisors to stay in the race , Clinton 's mind was made up after her call with Obama , the authors say .
“ Give me the phone , I 'm calling him , ” she instructed her aides . After finally connecting with Trump on the phone , Clinton “ uttered two words she 'd never expected to hear in her own voice : ‘ Congratulations , Donald . ' ”
RELATED VIDEO : Watch : Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence , Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
Not long after the concession call , Obama reached out to Clinton again , the book says . By then , the outcome of the election was final and now , “ with the president placing a consolation call , the reality and dimensions of her defeat hit her all at once .
“ She had let him down . She had let herself down . She had let her party down . And she had let her country down . Obama 's legacy and the dreams of her presidency lay shattered at Donald Trump 's feet . This was on her .
“ Mr . President , ” she said softly after taking the phone . “ I 'm sorry . ”
FROM COINAGE : This Is How Much It Would Cost to Paint the White House ( And More Crazy Facts )
According to the authors , if Clinton carried the blame on her own shoulders that night , it did n't take long , in the aftermath of her loss , for her to unload it on those around her — including Obama .
The authors claim she blamed everyone from the FBI to the KKK to the KGB for her unexpected defeat .
“ The Russian stuff has bothered her a lot , ” one of her top aides reportedly told the authors . “ She 's sort of learning what the administration knew and when they knew it , and she 's just sort of quizzical about the whole thing . ”
“ She struggled with the question of why Obama had n't done more to apprise the public that the Russians had gone way beyond what had been reported [ in influencing the presidential election ] , ” the authors continue . “ She wondered why the president had n't leaned harder into making the case that Vladimir Putin was specifically targeting her and trying to throw the election to Trump . ”
“ I 'm angry , ” Clinton reportedly told a friend a couple days after the election .
“ But mostly , ” the authors write , “ she was mad — mad that she 'd lost and that the country would have to endure a Trump presidency . ”
GAINESVILLE , Fla. — Florida defensive tackle Taven Bryan has decided to forgo his senior year and enter the NFL draft .
Bryan announced his decision Monday on Twitter , saying coach Dan Mullen 's return to Gainesville `` made this decision very difficult because I have the highest regard for him . '' Bryan ultimately , though , chose to move on .
The 6-foot-4 , 291-pound junior from Casper , Wyoming , had 40 tackles and four sacks this season . His size , strength and quickness have NFL scouts projecting him to be an early round pick .
Bryan is the second Florida player to turn pro since the season ended .
VOL . 42 | NO . 21 | Friday , May 25 , 2018
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) — Spirits maker Brown-Forman Corp. says its CEO will retire at year 's end , to be succeeded by another veteran executive at the company best known for its Jack Daniel 's Tennessee Whiskey brand .
Paul Varga has been CEO of the Louisville-based company for more than a decade as part of a 31-year career . Varga says it 's the right time for the company to undergo a leadership transition .
The company says Varga will be succeeded by Lawson E. Whiting , who currently serves as Brown-Forman 's chief operating officer . Whiting , a 21-year veteran of the company , was unanimously approved by the company 's board of directors for the CEO job .
During his tenure , Varga focused Brown-Forman 's business on its premium spirits portfolio , expanded its global markets and oversaw the release of brand extensions .
The series finals were hosted by the Revy Riders Dirt Bike Club
Professional snow bike riders Cody Matechuk and Brock Hoyer stood poised on Saturday night to bring home first place at the MCQMX national series final in Revelstoke . Both Canadian riders shared the podium in the sport 's debut at the winter X Games in Aspen , Colorado . Hoyer brought home gold , and Matechuk finished third in 2017 .
But on March 17 , Matechuk , who bested Hoyer this January at the 2018 X Games , was the one walking into the Canadian national series finals on top of the leader board . Following a one-on-one heat with Hoyer , the reigning X Games gold medallist called the Revy Riders snow bike track , ( 16 kilometres north of Revelstoke on Westside Road ) one of the best he 's ever competed on .
“ It 's probably the best snow bike track out there , and really cool to see the series grow in Canada , ” said Matechuk .
After the full day of heats were over , Matechuk walked out to take the series title with 100 combined points , and Hoyer finished fourth overall with 44 .
MCQMX president Stu McQueen called Revelstoke the “ stoke capital of just about everywhere , ” and a natural choice for the series final . He said the sport has developed as a way to keep Canadian riders in Canada cross training for dirt biking during the winter months .
The MCQMX finals were hosted by the Revy Riders Dirtbike club as part of a St. Patrick 's Day celebration .
The full day of festivities saw riders from the amateur to professional level compete in their respective categories .
Mike Poirier gettin ' sendy during the # MCQMX national series finals in # Revelstoke pic.twitter.com/4oRcBFSy9z — Jake Sherman ( @ Jnsherman ) March 19 , 2018
Both McQueen and Matechuk attributed the success of the event to the hard work of local volunteers .
About a hundred people were in attendance .
Bethany Simpson just moved to Revelstoke and was out on Saturday night at the Revy Riders Dirt Bike Clubs track taking in the action . She said she 's really excited to see the local community embrace the new sport , and grateful the Revy Riders Dirt Bike Club exists . ( Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review )
Dad Jeremy Krutop coaches 9 year-old son Tavin before he competes against 12 year-old Kameron Zimmerman on his 250cc 2 stroke machine . On Saturday night the Revy Riders Dirt Bike Club hosted the MCQMX nationals in Revelstoke . ( Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review )
Mike Poirier got completely vertical last night showing off his skills for the crowd of about a hundred at the Revy Riders dirt bike club . On Saturday night the Revy Riders Dirt Bike Club hosted the MCQMX nationals in Revelstoke . ( Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review )
Brandyn Mears poses with his machine before ripping a hot lap . Mears has lived here his whole life , and was outcompeting at the Revy Riders snow bike track on Saturday . ( Jake Sherman/Revelstoke Review )
( Adds economists ' comments , updates markets )
By Lucia Mutikani
WASHINGTON , April 6 New applications for U.S. unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years last week , pointing to a further tightening in the labor market .
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits declined 25,000 to a seasonally adjusted 234,000 for the week ended April 1 , the Labor Department said on Thursday . The drop was the largest since the week ending April 25 , 2015 , and unwound recent increases that had lifted claims to a three-month high .
`` The lower jobless claims filings show the economy continues to show improvement which is important news with the long expansion expected to eventually tire somewhere down the line given its longevity , '' said Chris Rupkey , chief economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York .
Claims have now been below 300,000 , a threshold associated with a healthy labor market , for 109 straight weeks . That is the longest such stretch since 1970 , when the labor market was smaller . The labor market is currently near full employment .
Economists had forecast first-time applications for jobless benefits falling to 250,000 last week . The four-week moving average of claims , considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility , fell 4,500 to 250,000 last week .
The dollar was little changed against a basket of currencies as were prices for U.S. Treasuries . U.S. stocks were trading marginally higher .
Last week 's claims data has no bearing on March 's employment report , which is scheduled for release on Friday . Claims rose during the survey week for March nonfarm payrolls , suggesting some moderation in the pace of job growth after two straight months of gains in excess of 230,000 .
`` The claims data suggest that the labor market remains in solid shape . But it does look like things weakened around the reference week for the March employment report , '' said Daniel Silver , economist at JPMorgan in New York .
Also pointing to some pullback in job gains , global outplacement consultancy Challenger , Gray & Christmas reported on Thursday that U.S.-based employers announced 43,310 job cuts in March , up 17 percent from February . Most of the layoffs were in the retail , telecommunications and education sectors .
A survey on Wednesday showed a measure of services sector employment in March slipping , but remaining at a level consistent with growing payrolls . Another report , however , showed U.S. private payrolls surged by 263,000 jobs in March .
According to a Reuters survey of economists , nonfarm payrolls likely increased by 180,000 jobs last month after rising by 235,000 in February . The unemployment rate is expected to hold steady at 4.7 percent .
Thursday 's claims report also showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid decreased 24,000 to 2.03 million in the week ended March 25 . The four-week moving average of the so-called continuing claims fell 7,750 to 2.02 million , the lowest level since 2000 .
( Reporting by Lucia Mutikani ; Editing by Andrea Ricci and Meredith Mazzilli )
Throughout his campaign , Jones has tried to thread a difficult needle , portraying himself as an independent figure who is unbeholden to party leaders in an attempt to win over Republicans . At the same time , he has relied on marquee national names to help boost Democratic turnout .
In addition to Obama and Biden , Jones campaigned Sunday with Sen. Cory Booker , D-N.J. , a potential 2020 presidential candidate . Former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick also stumped for Jones .
Jones is waging a vigorous effort to try to turn out African-American voters , who Democratic officials believe will be critical to his chances .
Representatives for Obama and Biden did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Moore , who has not held a campaign event since Dec. 5 , plans to hold a rally Monday night in Midland City , with appearances by former White House strategist Stephen Bannon and Rep. Louie Gohmert , R-Texas . Moore has denied the accusations of sexual misconduct , arguing that Democrats and Republicans have been working to undermine his campaign with false allegations .
On Monday , Jones emphasized his willingness to appear before the media and claimed , without evidence , that Moore `` was not even in the state of Alabama over this weekend . ''
Moore has kept a notably low profile on the campaign trail lately . He did not hold any publicly announced campaign events over the weekend .
Politico , citing two Republicans briefed on Moore 's schedule , reported that the U.S. Military Academy graduate had intended to spend Saturday in Philadelphia at the Army-Navy college football game . Moore 's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the Politico report .
Trump campaigned for Moore over the weekend from a distance . After touting him at a Friday evening rally just across the border in Florida , he recorded a phone call for him Saturday .
Senate Republican leaders withdrew their support of Moore in the wake of the allegations . Majority leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky. , has said he expects Moore will face an immediate investigation by the Senate Ethics Committee if he is elected .
New public polls released Monday offered sharply contrasting snapshots of the race , with one showing Jones leading and another showing Moore with the advantage .
A review of campaign finance records by Issue One , a group that monitors spending in political campaigns , found that $ 41.5 million had been spent on the Alabama Senate special election , including funds spent on the primary and primary run-off .
Voters have been flooded with television ads about the campaign in the past few days . During one five-minute stretch on a local network Monday morning , three pro-Jones commercials and one pro-Moore ad aired .
The Washington Post
The trio fell into a pool at the provincial park Tuesday afternoon
Squamish RMCP say they have found the bodies of three hikers who fell into a pool in Shannon Falls Provincial Park Tuesday afternoon .
“ We 're changing the operation into a recovery mission , ” said Cpl . Sascha Banks .
“ We have located the area that they 're in and we 're just trying to find a safe way to get them out . ”
Search crews had been searching through the night for the trio of hikers . Police say they were swimming with a group of friends at the top of Squamish Falls when the slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below .
Banks said that police are not releasing the names of the hikers because they have n't been able to contact their next-of-kin .
“ When that time comes , that will be a decision for the B.C . Coroners Service , ” Banks said .
The area remains closed to the public .
Related : Wrong turn leaves B.C . man stranded in provincial park for almost two days
Related : Teen hiker dies near Bunzten Lake in Coquitlam
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
FILE PHOTO : Mehmet Hakan Atilla ( R ) a deputy general manager of Halkbank , is shown in this courtroom sketch with his attorney Gerald J. DiChiara as he appears in Manhattan federal court in New York , New York , U.S. , March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jane Rosenberg
NEW YORK An executive at the Turkish state-owned bank Halkbank on Thursday pleaded not guilty to charges he violated U.S. sanctions against Iran in a politically charged case that has drawn the ire of Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
Mehmet Hakan Atilla , a deputy general manager at Halkbank , entered his plea through his lawyer at a hearing in Manhattan federal court . The lawyer , Victor Rocco , said his firm also counts the Republic of Turkey as a client , adding another potential conflict of interest to be vetted by the court .
U.S. prosecutors arrested Atilla last month , accusing him of conspiring with Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars of illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran 's government and other entities in Iran .
Zarrab , also present in court , submitted a not guilty plea to a superseding indictment . The dual national of Iran and Turkey had been arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe of people close to Erdoğan , who was prime minister at the time .
The prosecutions of Atilla and Zarrab have raised concerns at the highest levels of Turkish power . Last month Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu called Atilla 's arrest `` political '' , while Erdoğan has accused U.S. authorities of having `` ulterior motives '' in prosecuting Zarrab .
Rocco acknowledged the court would need to hold a special hearing to ensure that his firm would not `` pull our punches in doing an investigation '' in order to favour the Turkish government over Atilla . That hearing was tentatively set for May 18 .
U.S. District Judge Richard Berman , who is overseeing the case , is already weighing possible conflicts in the defence of Zarrab , who has hired former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey to represent him even as several banks allegedly victimized by Zarrab are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey 's law firms .
Zarrab 's attorney , Benjamin Brafman , said at a hearing last week that Giuliani and Mukasey were working on a `` diplomatic solution '' to the case and would not appear in court .
At one point during Thursday 's hearing Atilla passed a note to Rocco telling him not to delay the trial beyond the scheduled August start . Rocco had earlier said he needed at least until early next year to prepare .
`` I understand he wants to get home to Turkey and his family , '' Rocco said . `` I think Mr. Atilla does n't understand the consequences of what he is asking . ''
( Reporting by Nathan Layne in New York ; Editing by Bernard Orr )
RICHMOND , Va. – Chef Seth Goulston visits the kitchen to show us how to properly butcher fresh salmon and prepare salmon cakes . Chef Seth explains the butchering technique for home-chefs , but also mentions that your local Kroger can butcher the salmon for you . For more information you can visit www.kroger.com
Salmon Cakes
1/2 c mayonaise
2 tbsp coleman 's dry mustard
2 egg yolks
1oz worsteshire sauce
1 tbsp old bay
1 lemon , juiced
1/2 bunch fresh parsley
1/16th c panic bread crumbs
1.75 lb of fresh salmon , diced
1 . In a mixing bowl combine all ingredients , except bread crumbs
2 . Once incorporated add the bread crumbs to ensure it is dry enough and will hold a cake form .
3 . Form cakes
4 . Bake or fry . Bake at 350 degrees until brown , approximately 15 min . Fry until golden brown , approximately 8 min .
It may not feel like it in many parts of the country , but the first day of spring is almost here !
The official start of the season , also known as the spring equinox or vernal equinox , is Tuesday , March 20 at 12:15PM .
The event , which always falls on either March 20 or 21 , marks one of the two days each year that night and day are almost exactly equal in length everywhere on earth — the other is the autumnal equinox on September 22 .
Prasit Photo/Getty
RELATED : Everything You Need To Know About Daylight Saving Time — And Why States Want to Get Rid of It
ttsz/Getty
On the equinox , the earth 's position in relation to the sun causes the sun to pass directly overhead at the equator , the Farmer 's Almanac explains . It 's also the only day that the sun rises due east and sets due west at that spot .
While the northern hemisphere will begin to tilt toward the sun after March 20 , signaling the start of spring , the southern hemisphere begins to tilt away from the sun , marking the beginning of fall there .
VCG/Getty
Groups around the world mark the date with celebrations .
Easter and Passover both occur close to the equinox . In China , many people take part in a game of egg balancing to mark the time of new life . And in Iran , the date marks the Persian New Year and kicks off the festival of Nowruz , which is celebrated in several countries in the region .
For practitioners of some ancient religions that worship nature , including pagans and druids , it 's an important day known as Ostara . Many people still gather at Stone Henge in the U.K. to watch the sun rise over the mysterious site .
The equinoxes are n't the only dates that we look to in order to determine the first day of the new season . Meteorologists use weather patterns and temperature cycles to mark the seasons , according to the Farmer 's Almanac . By their calendar , spring has already sprung ( March 1 was the first day ) and will end on May 31 .
RELATED : Finland Is Named The Happiest Country on Earth : Why Do Scandinavian Nations Always Get the Top Spot ?
The vernal equinox is far less controversial than another marker of spring in the U.S. : daylight saving time . The annual tradition of setting clocks ahead one hour to make the most of the daylight during summer is increasingly controversial with many states looking to abolish the practice .
April 3 China Fiber Optic Network System Group Ltd :
* Xia Ni to resign as an executive director of company
* Received from Meng Yuxiao a notice dated 31 March 2017 advising that will retire as an executive director Source text : ( bit.ly/2otxNGg ) Further company coverage :
President Trump is hosting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday . The two are holding a joint press conference at noon . NPR journalists with expertise in politics , national security and the Middle East are live-annotating their remarks .
Note : The transcript on this page is updated live as the presser proceeds .
WICHITA , Kan. ( AP ) — A federal judge has ordered Kansas ' top elections official to turn over a proposed change to federal voting rights laws that he took to a meeting with President Donald Trump .
After privately examining the documents , U.S. Magistrate James O'Hara ruled Monday that parts of documents from Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach are “ unquestionably relevant ” to a lawsuit challenging a state law requiring voters provide proof of their U.S. citizenship when registering .
The order also instructs Kobach to produce a related internal document about proposed changes to the National Voter Registration Act . The ruling allowed him to redact parts of the plan that did not involve the voting rights issues .
An Associated Press photo of that November meeting showed Kobach holding a paper outlining homeland security issues .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
April 3 Biocept Inc
* Biocept announces collaboration with the OHSU Knight Cancer Institute to increase clinical adoption of liquid biopsy testing and to co-develop additional assay platform capabilities
* Biocept Inc - financial terms were not disclosed
* Biocept Inc - agreement grants OHSU rights to commercially offer co 's target selector liquid biopsy testing services exclusively throughout Oregon
* Biocept Inc - Biocept and OHSU also plan to co-develop additional liquid biopsy assay technologies and platform capabilities Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
EU states are in talks with the International Criminal Police Organization 's ( Interpol ) to help stop political abuse of the police agency , Matti Maasikas , Estonia 's Deputy Minister for EU Affairs , told MEPs in the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Wednesday .
According to a report by Euobserver , the issue has become of “ great concern ” to EU states , said Matti Maasikas and added that an EU-Interpol committee would “ discuss possible improvements of Interpol systems ” with the police body at a meeting on November 20 , 2017 .
Maasikas said Germany and Sweden had asked Estonia , which currently holds the EU term presidency , to tackle the subject . He said “ it is important that a proper review takes place of the Red Notice before issuance ” and that an “ effective redress mechanism exists ” for people who end up as Interpol targets .
During a plenary sitting on Thursday , the members of the European Parliament , have also given the message that Turkey is “ abusing ” the Interpol Red Notices . “ The Red Notice is never the sole basis for a return decision … The correct judicial process is required , ” Maasikas said , underlining that the number of red bulletins had “ increased significantly ” in the recent period .
Estonia 's Maasikas has also said that it would not be practical to hold a full judicial review of each Red Notice case before an alert was issued . He added that EU states had not made up their mind how the police body should safeguard its work . “ We are in a situation where [ EU ] member states are members of an international organisation where there is no agreed common EU line or policy , ” he said .
Vera Jourova , a European Commission member on justice , consumer and gender equality , said it is “ worrying ” when Interpol Red Notices are “ used by some countries for political purposes. ” Jourova added that “ It is up to Interpol to put in place procedures to prevent abuse. ” Joureva said the European Commission had no mandate to influence its work , but she said Interpol was putting in place new rules to stop people who had obtained asylum overseas from being targeted .
Many members of the European Parliament who took the floor during the session said countries such as Russia , China , Iran and Turkey are using Interpol Red Notices to silence political dissident .
Interpol is an intergovernmental body based in Lyon , France . It has no outside oversight , but its 1957 Charter says Red Notices should not be issued for political , military , religious , or racist motives .
“ We need to speak out when there are instances of repression and to make sure there are safeguards , ” Claude Moraes , a centre-left British MEP , said . He said there should be “ necessity and proportionality checks carried out on Red Notices from some countries ” to stop “ obvious abuses of human rights . ”
The European Parliament 's decision to hold the plenary session came after Turkey issued a Red Notice for Turkish dissent journalist Can Dündar , Hamza Yalçın , a Turkish-Swedish reporter and writer , as well as German-Turkish writer Doğan Akhanlı , who were subsequently detained temporarily in Spain . Interpol states are not obliged to honour red alerts , but Spain arrested Akhanlı and Yalçın while they were visiting the country , where they are now fighting extradition to Turkey .
The plenary session also referred to a resolution taken by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe earlier this year , which called on Interpol “ to continue improving its Red Notice procedure in order to prevent and redress abuses even more effectively . ”
The resolution in April had noted that Interpol 's Red Notice system has been “ abused by some countries to repress freedom of expression or to persecute members of the political opposition beyond their borders . ”
A Red Notice is a request to locate and provisionally arrest an individual pending extradition , but Interpol can not compel any member country to arrest an individual that is the subject of the notice . Each member country decides for itself what legal value to give a Red Notice within their borders .
The Turkish government 's blatant abuse of the International Criminal Police Organization ( Interpol ) to persecute , harass and intimidate critics and opponents is much worse than one can imagine , research by Stockholm Center for Freedom ( SCF ) , an advocacy group that tracks rights violations in Turkey , has revealed .
“ The dubious and false charges filed by Turkey through Interpol to hunt down legitimate critics of Turkey 's autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan have in some cases succeeded in extraditing people from abroad , subjecting returnees to torture and ill treatment in notorious Turkish prisons . In other cases , people were stranded in third countries while travelling and were forced to fight the forcible return as they remained in detention facilities , ” said the SCF report .
Leading NGOs , such as Fair Trials in the UK , the New York-based Human Rights Watch , and Reporters Without Borders in Paris , have also urged the Interpol to weed out abuses .
VOL . 41 | NO . 23 | Friday , June 09 , 2017
US oil production seen thwarting OPEC effort to boost prices Print | Front Page | Email this story To :
From :
Message :
From ( email ) :
Message :
PARIS ( AP ) — OPEC 's plan to cut production and support prices is likely to be undone by increased output in the U.S. , the International Energy Agency predicted Wednesday .
If correct , that could keep a lid on oil and energy prices as a glut of supply grows despite the efforts of countries in the OPEC cartel and allies like Russia to limit production .
The IEA , a Paris-based body that advises oil-consuming states on energy matters , said in its monthly oil report it expects production in non-OPEC states like the U.S. to grow 700,000 barrels daily this year . It predicts that output will grow even faster next year , by 1.5 million barrels daily , `` which is slightly more than the expected increase in global demand . ''
`` Our first outlook for 2018 makes sobering reading for those producers looking to restrain supply , '' said the report .
OPEC and 10 other countries led by Russia agreed last week to extend for nine months , to March , a production cut of 1.8 million barrels a day initially agreed on in November . The move is meant to drain the market of excess supply .
The recovery in the price of oil from last year 's lows has , however , made it profitable once again for U.S. shale oil companies to ramp up production .
The U.S. benchmark for crude was down 56 cents to $ 45.90 a barrel after the report 's release .
PARIS — The Canadian contingent in the men 's singles draw at the French Open is down to one .
Peter Polansky of Thornhill , Ont. , dropped a 6-3 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-2 decision to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded Wednesday . Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday .
The loss leaves No . 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill , Ont. , as the lone remaining Canadian in singles . Vancouver 's Vasek Pospisil lost his first-round match Tuesday .
Shapovalov , 19 , will play Germany 's Maximilian Marterer in the second round . The match will likely be played Thursday .
( Adds details , updates prices )
* TSX down 19.19 points , or 0.12 percent , to 15,629.21
* Six of the TSX 's 10 main groups were lower
TORONTO , April 13 Canada 's main stock index slipped in morning trade on Thursday as its largest gold miners weighed along with some big banks and energy stocks .
The most influential weights on the index included Barrick Gold Corp , the world 's largest gold miner , which fell 1.6 percent to C $ 26.44 as prices for the precious metal edged off a five-month high .
Analysts say Barrick must take steps to safeguard investor confidence by ensuring there are no more operating mishaps at its mines after a third incident in 18 months at its big Argentina mine .
Financial stocks were slightly lower than U.S. banking season kicked off with JPMorgan and Citi both reporting profit that exceeded expectations and Wells Fargo reporting flat profit and a fall in revenue .
Royal Bank of Canada pulled back 0.3 percent to C $ 95.82 and Bank of Nova Scotia fell 0.4 percent to C $ 76.49 .
At 10:03 a.m . ET ( 1403 GMT ) , the Toronto Stock Exchange 's S & P/TSX composite index was down 19.19 points , or 0.12 percent , at 15,629.21 .
Six of the index 's 10 main groups were in negative territory .
The materials group , which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies , lost 0.7 percent .
Canadian new home prices rose in February , driven by higher costs in Toronto and other cities in Ontario , Statistics Canada said on Thursday in a report that was likely to underscore concerns that some markets are becoming too hot .
Canadian manufacturing sales declined less than expected in February after three consecutive months of increases , weighed down by declines in the vehicle assembly sector , separate StatsCan data showed .
( Reporting by Alastair Sharp ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
Scarlett Johansson 's issued a statement after facing a backlash for accepting a role as a transgender man in upcoming film 'Rub and Tug ' .
The Avengers star 's told online magazine Bustle any criticism can be directed to the reps of Jeffrey Tambor , Jared Leto and Felicity Huffman .
The three actors have all played transgender roles in the past .
Jared Leto also won an Oscar playing a trans woman in 'Dallas Buyers Club ' in 2013 .
'Rub & Tug ' tells the true-life story of Dante `` Tex '' Gill , transitioning from female to male , who managed an empire of illicit massage parlours in Pittsburgh during the 1970s .
However , some people have called Johansson 's casting highly problematic .
People on Twitter were quick to react , with nefertariey writing : `` So first scarlet johansson , a white cis woman , takes the role of ghost in the shell and now she 's playing as a transgender person with the same director ? ''
so first scarlet johansson , a white cis woman , takes the role of ghost in the shell and now she 's playing as a transgender person with the same director ? pic.twitter.com/OkRASwj0ec — ? ? ( @ nefertariey ) July 4 , 2018
Cisgender , or cis for short , is the term for people who identify as the sex they were assigned at birth .
User Antiomi wrote on Twitter : `` Roles portraying members of oppressed communities should be played by actors from those communities . It 's really not that hard . Scarlett Johansson has done this twice now . There 's no excuse . ''
Others could see no issue with the casting , with Sid Woodram tweeting : `` If people can only play roles that represent them , LGBT actors will have a lot less roles '' .
Not really sure why Scarlett Johansson playing a trans individual is a problem . If people can only play roles that represent them , LGBT actors will have a lot less roles . — Sid Woodram ( @ SWoodram ) July 3 , 2018
The 33-year-old actress faced accusations of `` whitewashing '' after being cast as cyborg soldier Mira Killian / Major Kusanagi - a role originally written as east Asian - in futuristic crime drama 'Ghost In The Shell ' .
WASHINGTON The chief executive of U.S. coal mining company Cloud Peak Energy urged President Donald Trump in a letter on Thursday to help shape global climate policies by keeping the United States in the Paris climate accord .
Cloud Peak and other oil and coal companies have recently expressed support for a U.S. role in the deal , despite Trump 's campaign pledge to withdraw . They have said the accord is the best forum for protecting their global interests .
The deal , agreed by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015 , seeks to limit planetary warming by cutting emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases from burning fossil fuels . The United States committed to reducing its emissions by between 26 percent and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 .
`` By remaining in the Paris Agreement , albeit with a much different pledge on emissions , you can help shape a more rational international approach to climate policy , '' Cloud Peak CEO Colin Marshall wrote in the letter dated April 6 .
The letter said Trump could use America 's place in the accord to help ensure international partners preserve funding for coal-fired utility projects overseas and support technologies to reduce and capture emissions .
`` Without U.S. leadership , the failed international policies that have characterized the past 25 years will continue to predominate , '' he wrote . `` Addressing climate concerns need not be a choice between prosperity or environment . ''
During his 2016 presidential campaign , Trump vowed to pull the United States out of the Paris pact , tapping into concern among his fellow Republicans that the United Nations would police U.S. energy habits .
But since being elected , he has been mostly quiet on the issue . Recently , administration officials have been asking energy companies for advice .
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said last week the administration expected to decide whether to remain a party to the deal by the time leaders of the Group of Seven wealthy nations meet in late May .
Trump has aggressively cut U.S. green regulations at home , including an executive order last week targeting former President Barack Obama 's Clean Power Plan to cut emissions from power plants .
Trump said the move would create jobs and boost domestic energy production , but power companies surveyed by Reuters said the order would not change their plans to shut coal plants .
Cloud Peak 's Marshall said in his letter that Trump could encourage U.S. utilities to stick with coal by renewing and expanding U.S. tax incentives for carbon capture and storage technology , and providing government funding for research into lower-emissions coal technology .
( Writing by Richard Valdmanis )
Can you ride 500km between Christmas Eve and New Year 's Eve ? That 's the challenge set once again by the Rapha Festive 500 , which returns for the eighth year this winter .
The Festive 500 started as a self-imposed challenge set by Rapha 's lead designer , Graeme Raeburn , in 2009 . Raeburn initially set out to ride 1,000km , to see what it was like to train like a professional cyclist , but that was halved when the challenge was launched to the public in 2010 .
The Rapha Festive 500 requires riders to log 500km between Christmas Eve and New Year 's Eve ( Pic : Rapha )
That still equates to 62.5km a day for the eight days between December 24 and December 31 , and is more representative of a pro 's likely training schedule over the festive period , according to Rapha .
Riders can sign up for the 2017 Festive 500 by joining the challenge on Strava or by collecting a brevet card from a Rapha clubhouse . Successful Festive 500 participants will earn a complimentary roundel after submitting evidence to the Rapha website .
– Eight tips to conquer the Rapha Festive 500 –
Rapha have also launched a range of Festive 500 products , including a cap , t-shirt , musette , socks and neck warmer . Meanwhile , the 2017 ‘ Spirit of the # Festive500 ' awards encourage riders to document their challenge for the chance to win a Rapha Travel trip and Leica D-Lux camera , 3T Exploro Team road bike , or Wahoo Bolt GPS bundle .
For more information , see the Rapha Festive 500 website .
Tyler Baltierra revealed a recent health diagnosis on Monday night 's Teen Mom OG reunion .
The MTV personality , 26 , shared that he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder after speaking about how his wife Catelynn Baltierra ‘ s suicidal thoughts affected him throughout season 7 of the reality series .
“ What I 'm noticing … you seem a little depressed to me , ” said Dr. Drew , the show 's host .
“ Or what you 've been diagnosed with , ” interjected Catelynn , 26 .
This prompted Dr. Drew 's interest and he asked Tyler , “ What have you been diagnosed with ? Bipolar ? ”
“ Yeah , yeah , ” Tyler said , nodding .
After the reunion aired , a Twitter user thanked him for opening up about his diagnosis , writing , “ I did n't know you were diagnosed w/ bipolar until the Dr. Drew special tonight . Thanks for sharing that . I now see you & @ CatelynnLowell are doing MH podcasts I need to listen to ( great ! ) . Oh & thanks Ty for getting me hooked on @ WittLowry lol # KeepTalkingMH . ”
Honestly , I was n't even planning on releasing that info , but once Cate mentioned about my recent diagnosis , I figured “ what the hell ! ? Like why am I so against telling anyone ! ? It 's actually been a little easier to digest since I have been talking about it more # KeeptalkingMH👊🏻 https : //t.co/vtoELZZkJn — Tyler Baltierra ( @ TylerBaltierra ) April 24 , 2018
“ Honestly , I was n't even planning on releasing that info , but once Cate mentioned about my recent diagnosis , I figured what the hell ! ? Like why am I so against telling anyone ! ? It 's actually been a little easier to digest since I have been talking about it more # KeeptalkingMH , ” he tweeted in response .
Well tbh it 's still so new to me . So I 've been doing non stop research on the diagnosis , the different remedies to combat the symptoms , & how to better understand it . I did refuse medication , but only because I wanted to try all of the natural remedies first . It 's a journey ! 🙏🏻 https : //t.co/1GdhH1ZbPR — Tyler Baltierra ( @ TylerBaltierra ) April 24 , 2018
Another user asked him if he was “ seeking help ” while he was “ juggling everything else and all that stress. ” He tweeted that his diagnosis was “ still so new to me ” but that he was doing his best to find ways to take care of himself .
RELATED : Teen Mom ‘ s Tyler Baltierra Open Up About His Battle with Depression & Suicide Attempt at Age 11
“ Well tbh it 's still so new to me . So I 've been doing non stop research on the diagnosis , the different remedies to combat the symptoms , & how to better understand it . I did refuse medication , but only because I wanted to try all of the natural remedies first . It 's a journey ! ” he tweeted .
Catelynn and Tyler Baltierra during the Teen Mom OG reunion MTV
In March , Tyler opened up about his struggles with mental illness in his youth on the podcast Voices for Change 2.0 , revealing he attempted suicide when he was about 11 .
“ That 's where I first started feeling depressed , ” he said , explaining how he was acting out in school . “ And , obviously , my dad going in and out of prison all the time . At 11 , though , that 's when I attempted suicide and failed . I was on anti-depressants a bit . ”
RELATED : ‘ Teen Mom 's ' Tyler Baltierra Says Catelynn was Thinking About ‘ Ways to Kill Herself ' Before Rehab
He continued , “ I 've been diagnosed with depression here and there whenever I 've gone back to therapy and whatnot . Recently , I went to a new place and based on a couple of sessions I had with them , they said , ‘ Look , based off a snapshot of your symptoms , we think you may be on the bipolar spectrum as well . ' ”
“ That was pretty shocking to figure out , but also it made a lot of sense back to when I was younger , ” Tyler added . “ It was weird . But getting back into therapy , I 've been managing that stuff . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Catelynn has also struggled with mental illness . She entered rehab late last year to overcome suicidal thoughts and returned again in early January for childhood trauma .
If you or someone you know is considering suicide , please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK ( 8255 ) .
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - Arab foreign ministers on Sunday urged the United States to abandon its decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , saying the move would increase violence throughout the region .
The announcement by President Donald Trump on Wednesday was a “ dangerous violation of international law ” and had no legal impact , the Arab League said in a statement after several hours of meetings attended by all its members in Cairo .
Mansfield Operatic Society members will be bringing A Very Musical Christmas to Create Theatre in the town during the festive season .
The show , which will feature songs from musical theatre along with memorable tunes from the golden age of cinema , is being given a double billing on Saturday , December 16 and Sunday , December 17 .
Songs will include Seasons of Love from Rent , I Know Him So Well from Chess and music from Jersey Boy and Shrek will feature .
The second act will have festive songs from stage and screen such as Let It Go from Frozen and It 's Beginning To Look a Lot Like Christmas from Home Alone 2 .
Saturday 's show begins at 7.30pm , while Sunday 's matinee commences at 2.30pm .
Founded in 1905 , the ‘ Mansfield Ops ' have , for more than 100 years provided Mansfield and surrounding areas with quality shows and concerts in top class venues . The society comprises talented singers , dancers and actors both young and old .
Tickets for the Christmas shows cost £6 per person and can be purchased by calling 01623 413363 or by visiting www.createtheatre.co.uk
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK , June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $ 4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday , mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
What the papers say
Rumours over the future of Luke Shaw are rife – but he might not be the only Manchester United player to go this summer , according to the Express . Jose Mourinho is preparing for a “ mass exodus ” this summer , the paper says . It claims players such as Juan Mata , Ander Herrera , Chris Smalling , Phil Jones , Daley Blind and Matteo Darmian could all be sold to help finance Mourinho 's rebuilding process .
Meanwhile , United have moved ahead of Manchester City into pole position in the race for Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder Fred , the Daily Star reports . The paper says the biggest threat to signing the 25-year-old could come from Paris St Germain instead , as City no longer see him as a priority target .
Mousa Dembele is preparing to open talks over a new contract at Tottenham , the Sun claims . The paper reports that the club want to tie the Belgium midfielder to a new deal , with his contract due to expire at the end of next season .
Spurs are also considering making a move for Red Bull Salzburg midfielder Amadou Haidara , according to the Sun . The 20-year-old has impressed in this season 's run to the Europa League quarter-finals , and the paper says Tottenham see him as a star in the making .
Burnley are reportedly willing to double Nick Pope ‘ s salary to stave off interest from Newcastle . The Sun says boss Sean Dyche has been impressed by the 25-year-old goalie this season , and will offer a bumper new deal of £30,000 a week .
Players to watch
Angus Gunn : The Manchester City goalkeeper is said to be wanted by Stoke and Celtic . The Sun says Potters boss Paul Lambert has sent scouts to eye him up as a potential replacement to Jack Butland , while Celtic are also in need of a top keeper , with Craig Gordon troubled by injury .
Guillermo : West Brom are chasing the Spanish striker to help them get back to the Premier League , the Sun reports . The Baggies are said to be planning for life in the Championship , and are considering a £2million deal for 24-year-old Guillermo from Numancia .
Give the gift of laughter this holiday season !
General Admission : $ 40 Premium Seating : $ 50
Doors open at 6:30PM
All proceeds benefit KTOO Public Media .
Paula Poundstone is one of our country 's pre-eminent comedians . With smart , observational humor and a spontaneous interaction with a crowd that has become the stuff of legend , she swings on stage like a Jazz musician . Without a plan . Without a net . There 's a disarming ease in her craft , an immediate sense that she 's so quick on her feet you need never worry about the possibility of something going wrong . KTOO fans will know her as a regular panelist on “ Wait , Wait Do n't Tell Me ” , and from her new NPR podcast “ Live From the Poundstone Institute ” . Poundstone is the star of several HBO Specials , a top-selling author , and has won numerous awards and praise for her many decades of side-splitting comedy . Learn more about Poundstone and her new book at www.PaulaPoundstone.com .
If you have one of those nagging sensations that you might be forgetting something important , it could be the impending arrival of Mother 's Day . ( Psst , it 's May 14 . )
It 's one of those sneaky Hallmark holidays that can easily slip by , but trust us it matters to your mom , at least a little bit , that you remember .
So we 're here to remind you to mark the date on your calendar , and set a time to send a card or make a phone call , with a little gift of our own .
It 's a video of adorable wild animals getting cozy with their moms for some quality nap time . Just like us humans , many animals depend on their moms for food , care , guidance and availability as a pillow .
You can catch more of these cuddly cuties during NatGeo WILD ‘ s three-part special Animal Moms , premiering Sunday , May 14 at 8/7c in celebration of Mother 's Day .
Kylie Jenner continues to show off her post-baby body following the birth of her daughter Stormi .
In celebration of her Kourt X Kylie makeup collaboration , which dropped Tuesday , the Keeping Up with the Kardashians reality star , 20 , shared new photos and videos of her 11-week post-baby body on social media .
“ That look because KOURT X KYLIE just dropped on the site , ” Jenner captioned two Instagram photos of her dressed in a curve-hugging , short-sleeved grey dress .
The Kylie Cosmetics mogul also shared footage of her waist while riding in the passenger seat with her assistant Victoria Villarroel .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Since welcoming her first child on Feb. 1 with rapper boyfriend Travis Scott , the new mom has continued to update fans and followers on her body after giving birth .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
RELATED : Kylie Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian Model Matching Swimsuits to Promote Makeup Collaboration
Most recently , on Monday , Jenner posted a mirror selfie video of her stomach area by lifting up her oversized white sweater and revealing her midriff .
The youngest KarJenner sibling previously shared that she still has some post-baby weight to lose after giving birth to Stormi .
“ I need to lose 20 pounds but this just looks too good ! ” she said in a Snapchat video earlier this month that showed someone serving her a tray of oven-fresh rolls .
WATCH : New Mom Kylie Jenner Flaunts Curves in Sexy ‘ Hump Day ' Photo
In March , Jenner revealed that she gained a total of 40 lbs . during pregnancy in a now-deleted tweet during a Q & A session with fans and followers .
Also that same month , Jenner revealed she started up waist training again just six weeks after welcoming Stormi . She first started wearing waist trainers in 2015 after sister Kim Kardashian West helped start the craze .
NEW YORK — AOL Instant Messenger is about to put up an away message forever .
AIM will officially shut down on December 15 after 20 years in service , its parent company announced Friday . The news marks the end of an era for anyone who came of age with the internet in the late 90s and early 2000s .
When AIM launched in 1997 , using the World Wide Web required a desktop computer with a clunky dial-up connection that tied up the phone lines . Perhaps more than any other product , AIM helped establish the internet as a place to hang out rather than being a simple utility .
AIM offered a platform for people to express themselves with embarrassing screen names , profiles filled with colorful fonts and emotional lyrics , and as many messages as you could send before someone in your house kicked you offline .
The product earned a coveted spot in pop culture , making cameos in You 've Got Mail and Sex and the City .
But the service that defined the internet for a generation of users failed to evolve with them .
A decade after AIM launched , Apple kicked off the smartphone era with the release of the original iPhone . Untethered from their computers , internet users shifted to a range of messaging apps and social networks like Facebook and Twitter .
AIM , with a brand recognized by millions , could have capitalized on this shift and emerged as a lead player in the billion-dollar messaging space . Instead , it faded further and further from relevance .
Oath , the company created earlier this year from Verizon 's merging of AOL and Yahoo , acknowledged this unfortunate fact in its announcement Friday of AIM 's shutdown .
“ AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift , but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed , ” Michael Albers , VP of communications product at Oath , wrote in a blog post .
Case in point : The announcement of AIM 's shutdown was made on Twitter and Tumblr , two of the newer communications platforms that helped displace it .
Eulogies poured in for AIM on Twitter , with users remembering old screen names and lamenting the passage of time . As one user put it , “ I ca n't decide which John Mayer song I should quote to express my sadness at the death of AOL Instant Messenger . ”
Farewell , AIM . We hope that somehow you 'll ~BrB~ .
The University of Alaska is moving forward on Title IX initiatives stipulated under an agreement with Federal Office of Civil Rights to correct past mishandling of sexual assault and other offenses .
Recently hired University of Alaska Fairbanks Office of Diversity and Equal Opportunity director Margo Griffith said the office is writing up and disseminating information to help victims that she described as “ resources that they can reference that give them clear information and that those resources are easily available and easy to find . ”
Griffith said the information and outreach efforts are being developed through consultations within and outside the university community . Other UAF actions include filling a second case investigator position as well as hiring a case manager .
“ That position will communicate quite frequently with individuals that may have complaints or have question about the Title IX process , ” Griffith said . “ We did n't have that before . That was a big of the communication that was missing . ”
Griffith said there are deadlines in the agreement with the Federal Office of Civil Rights , including May 1 , when updated policy and regulation documents are due .
She said agreement required Title IX employee training is scheduled for the week of June 12 .
April is sexual assault awareness month , and the UAF Nanook Diversity and Action Network is sponsoring a talk Tuesday night by Sophie Karasek , co-founder of the national group : End Rape On Campus .
Per a new public poll issued by the Angus Reid Institute , Canadians are split right down the middle when it comes to the federal government 's decision to purchase the proposed TransMountain pipeline project . ( Black Press files )
Twinning the B.C . section of the Trans Mountain pipeline will begin in the North Thompson by this fall , the company says in its latest six-month work schedule filed to the National Energy Board .
Work is underway along the entire line from Edmonton to Burnaby to set up temporary construction yards and camps with worker accommodation and construction offices , as well as pipe stockpile sites in Valemount , Blue River , Clearwater , Merritt and Hope .
Work is scheduled to begin in September to clear and survey a 120 km section of pipeline route between Mt . Robson Provincial Park and Blue River , connecting to a longer section between Edmonton and Jasper National Park in Alberta .
Work includes wildlife surveys , weed control and relocation of rare plants to comply with the 157 conditions required by the NEB and a further 37 conditions in the B.C . government 's environmental certificate . Despite federal and provincial approvals and what the company calls “ unprecedented scrutiny , ” the project continues to be dogged by orchestrated protests .
RELATED : Trans Mountain : The economics of oil
RELATED : Simpcw First Nation patrols pumping stations
Spending on the project has resumed after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced in May the federal government is buying the project assets for $ 4.5 billion , to ensure the twinning of the 65-year-old pipeline that delivers synthetic heavy crude and refined fuels from the Alberta oil sands to B.C . and Washington state refineries .
Kinder Morgan Canada negotiated the sale after setting a deadline of late May to have assurances that the project would proceed without interference from the B.C . government .
Work continues this summer on expansion of the Sumas terminal at Abbotsford , Burnaby terminal and Westridge marine terminal , which includes a tunnel through a portion of Burnaby Mountain .
more to come…
MOSCOW , April 20 Russia 's finance ministry has `` ambitious goals '' of bringing the country 's economic growth in to line with the world 's average growth level of at least 3-3.5 percent , Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said on Thursday .
To boost the economy , which contracted 0.2 percent in 2016 , Russia needs to implement structural reforms and , first of all , reduce its dependence on oil exports , Siluanov said .
This year , the government expects the economy to shrug off a collapse in oil prices and the impact of western sanction to expand by 2 percent .
Presenting his ministry 's performance review , Siluanov said another way to spur the economy was to improve collection of taxes by solving an issue with Russia 's large shadow economy . The shadow sector payroll exceeds 10 trillion roubles ( $ 177.73 billion ) a year , he said . ( $ 1 = 56.2653 roubles ) ( Reporting by Darya Korsunskaya ; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh ; Editing by Jack Stubbs )
At 19 tracks and more than an hour long , the album , his second as King Krule , feels like a swan dive into Marshall 's turbulent subconscious , jarring by design as it lurches from laid-back almost-rap ( `` Biscuit Town '' ) to post-Clash punk ( `` Dum Surfer '' ) back to '50s-style rock 'n ' roll balladeering ( `` Lonely Blue '' ) .
The titular `` ooz '' — a versatile metaphor that applies equally well to mental health and songwriting — represents all the excess crud our bodies are constantly discharging .
`` You go to sleep and your nails grow , you get boogies , your hair , your teeth , '' Marshall explained while chain-smoking . `` You 've got to refine it every day . ''
The album , dense and uncompromising , as well as its delayed delivery , also places Marshall in a class of semi-reluctant indie idols like Frank Ocean , Earl Sweatshirt and James Blake — a cadre of cult artists in the making ( and like-minded sometime collaborators ) who have chosen to withdraw rather than ride the ego-dragon into commercial ubiquity .
All prodigy children of the internet who synthesized original combinations of influences — and adolescent angst — into fresh sounds , this group tends to inspire deep , loyal fandom with its commitment to artistic integrity and layered multimedia work .
`` It 's about creating a universe for yourself , '' said Marshall , who credits film ( David Lynch , Jim Jarmusch , George A. Romero ) , literature ( W.H . Auden , Charles Bukowski ) and video games for his dedication to world-building and penchant for scattering referential Easter eggs .
Courting obsessive listeners and not flooding the market , Marshall said , is a survival tactic .
`` You see kids , they make one good track , they do one great feature and then they 're everywhere , they 've got a million people watching them , '' he said . `` I wanted to develop and preserve my art . ''
`` If you overdo it , people get sick of you , '' he added . `` I 've just revelled in being kind of mysterious . '' ( In addition to King Krule , Marshall has made music under aliases including Zoo Kid , DJ JD Sports and Edgar the Beatmaker . )
Dean Bein , the founder of True Panther Sounds , Marshall 's label , wrote in an email that upon meeting the singer , at 15 , `` I knew he was special . Even then , he did n't do anything for the look or for attention . His moves are always decisive . ''
Bein recalled Marshall turning down a `` super prominent magazine cover '' early on `` because he felt he had n't earned it yet , '' and balking similarly at `` some very notable collaborations because he could n't see how the artists ' sounds would work with his . ''
Marshall was more blunt .
`` I remember even getting hit up by Kanye to go to the studio . Anyone else in my shoes would 've done it , '' he said . `` I could n't be bothered . '' It was n't out of a sense of superiority , he stressed , but because of the pressure to create on call .
`` I like the physicality of living with someone , sleeping next to them , eating with them . And eventually we might make a tune , '' Marshall said .
`` I 've turned down so many opportunities where I could maybe be rich right now . '' He stopped himself with a laugh and an expletive . `` Ugh , why did n't I do it ? ''
Bein added : `` As his record label , you can imagine this has often been frustrating , '' but Marshall 's devotion to his art `` easily trumps any frustration that might come from the counter-commercial moves he 's made over the years . ''
For `` The Ooz , '' Marshall found inspiration in a combination of the conventional and the foreign .
Back in his old neighbourhood , he had collaborated with his older brother , Jack , on an art book and short film with a more beat-oriented soundtrack ( `` A New Place 2 Drown , '' released in 2015 under his given name ) , but more traditional songwriting was not flowing .
`` I was going to the same pubs , chilling with the same friends , '' he said . `` Then I got these two exotic people in my life and all of a sudden things started to change . ''
One was a Spanish saxophonist named Ignacio Salvadores , who sent Marshall an unsolicited video on Facebook of himself playing under a London bridge .
Moved by its beauty , Marshall invited him to come play at a show that very night , and there , they jammed for hours — `` no conversation , just straight playing music , '' Marshall said . Salvadores went on to perform on much of the album .
Also featured on `` The Ooz , '' speaking a poem in Spanish , is a woman from Barcelona called a muse by Marshall .
`` It gave me something romantic , every time I 'd go home , '' Marshall said . `` Every night I 'd play guitar and she 'd be sat there and she 'd look beautiful . It helped my outlook on myself and the record . ''
Later on the album , Marshall 's father reads an English translation of the same poem , which again is packed with King Krule 's thematic connective tissue : isolation , drowning , the moon , the colour blue . `` Me and you against this city of parasites , '' he concludes . `` Parasite/paradise . ''
Familial connections , including to his divorced parents , are another through line in Marshall 's work , a key to decoding his disparate influences and philosophical dogmas .
His mother ( `` a wild one '' ) is a musician and screen printer who recorded a `` dub-jazz poetry record '' and hung a portrait of Fela Kuti in her home , while his father , an art director and musician from a line of artists , introduced his son to classic rock .
`` All of their taste is so refined and so cool , '' Marshall said , as if he were giving away his secret .
`` Everyone in my family can put pen to paper and sell it , '' he added . `` But they do n't sell it . ''
New York Times News Service
President Trump has told North Korea 's leader he must 'behave ' - a day after the country 's failed missile test .
He made the comments at the White House while his vice president was on a visit to South Korea .
Mike Pence , meanwhile , has warned America 's `` era of strategic patience is over '' , and says North Korea should n't test Donald Trump 's resolve .
Pyongyang 's deputy ambassador to the UN , Kim In Ryong , had this to say in return :
× Construction begins on projects spanning 22 miles of I-5
KING COUNTY , Wash. – Commuters need to know about two big construction projects that the Washington State Department of Transportation said will take several years to complete .
Some northbound lanes of Interstate 5 are about to get a major overhaul .
WSDOT said more than 200,000 people use this particular stretch of the I-5 corridor every day . The state has been making patches and repairs for decades but state says now is the time to make real improvements . The ruts , crumbling concrete and failing expansion joints are in the cross-hairs of contractors .
The construction and lane closures begin Monday night .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“ We 're going after the worst of the worst , ” said Tom Pearce with WSDOT .
Survey crews will first begin on the northbound lanes from South 260th Street to the Duwamish River Bridge .
It 's the first of two projects that the state said will require nighttime lane reductions during weeknights and sometimes during the weekend . On some occasions , at least two lanes will be closed .
The second project launches later this summer through Seattle , running from Martin Luther King Jr. Way South all the way up to the Ravenna neighborhood . Once summer comes along , the two projects will place nearly 22 miles of I-5 under construction .
Part of the projects will be replacing old expansion joints ; one failed last year and held up traffic for hours .
Many more expansion joints will be replaced in the coming months but road crews are n't expected to complete the projects for three years .
“ It 'll definitely affect me , ” said commuter Savannah Snyder , who said her job requires her to drive northbound on I-5 in that area .
She is hopeful the construction will mean her wheels will no longer have to take the abuse .
“ If you 're driving the crack is like in the middle of the lane and it will jerk your car around , ” she said .
The state agency has more details of the projects posted online .
( Adds comments from Senator Brown , Clayton , background )
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON May 2 The U.S. Senate voted on Tuesday to confirm attorney Jay Clayton to head the Securities and Exchange Commission , the agency tasked with policing and writing rules for Wall Street .
In a 61-37 vote , the Senate approved the nomination , with some moderate Democrats joining their Republican colleagues in supporting his confirmation .
Clayton could be officially sworn in as SEC chairman as soon as Thursday .
The White House still must complete some paperwork , including an action by President Trump to formally designate him as SEC chairman .
Clayton is a longtime partner at law firm Sullivan & Cromwell who specializes in advising clients on public and private mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising efforts .
Clayton worked on the initial public offering of Alibaba Group Holding Company , and has also represented Goldman Sachs , where his wife Gretchen works .
She is now expected to step down from her post , a move that will make it easier for her husband to mitigate potential conflicts of interest .
`` I look forward to working closely with my fellow Commissioners and the dedicated career staff at the SEC to serve the American public and advance the SEC 's important mission , '' Clayton said in a statement .
Many current and former SEC staffers are optimistic about Clayton 's leadership , and Clayton is expected to focus some of his efforts on looking for ways to ease regulatory burdens that might hinder companies from raising capital .
But in the debate leading up to the Senate vote on Tuesday , more progressive-leaning Democrats said they were concerned his close ties to Wall Street will create too many conflicts and may lead to weaker oversight .
`` Mr. Clayton 's law firm and former clients will create a steady stream of conflicts for him , forcing him to recuse himself in cases involving former clients for two of the four years he could serve as chair , '' said Ohio Democrat Sherrod Brown , the ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee .
`` He will be sitting on the sidelines of potential enforcement actions against some of the biggest Wall Street banks - Goldman Sachs , Deutsche Bank , Royal Bank of Canada , and UBS , '' he added . ( Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch , editing by G Crosse and Dan Grebler )
0 Waffle House shooting : Remembering the victims
NASHVILLE , Tenn. - Four people were killed when a nearly nude gunman , armed with an AR-15 , opened fire at a Nashville , Tennessee , Waffle House Sunday .
> > Read more trending news
Travis Reinking , is the suspected shooter , was arrested Monday afternoon after police got a tip about a man crossing into a wooded area near the Waffle House .
Those killed have been identified as Akilah DaSilva , 23 , DeEbony Groves , 21 , Joe R. Perez , 20 , and Taurean C. Sanderlin , 29 . Two others , Shanita Waggoner , 21 , and Sharita Henderson , 24 , were injured .
Here is what we know about the victims .
Akilah DaSilva
DaSilva was at the restaurant with his older brother and Waggonner , his girlfriend of five years . He was critically wounded at the restaurant and later died at Vanderbilt Medical Center .
The 23-year-old was a musical engineering student at Middle Tennessee State University and a musician who went by the stage name Natrix , his mother , Shaundell Brooks , told WTVF .
The family released the following statement on DaSilva :
“ Akilah DaSilva also known as Natrix ( his stage name ) was a humble kind and well respected young man . His character spoke volumes . One of 6 loving siblings , Akilah was passionate about his music , family , and life . He was pursuing a career in musical engineering at MTSU . He had a smile that could light up a room and a laugh that would warm your heart . He embodied compassion and had a zeal for life . A loving son and selfless friend , he was a beacon of hope , love , and strength in his family . “ His family hopes that in the midst of this senseless act of terrorism and hate , his life will not be in vain . We hope that this tremendous loss will spark tangible action in true gun law reform so no other family would ever have to experience this sort of tragedy . “ In the wake of this tragic event , The DaSilva Family welcomes prayers , words of comfort , and any contribution during their time of grief . ”
A GoFundMe page has been created by the family . It has surpassed its $ 10,000 goal .
﻿DeEbony Groves
A member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. , Groves was with some of her sorority sisters , including Henderson , at the Waffle House , WKRN reported . She was fatally shot in the restaurant . The New York Times reported she was a senior sociology major at Belmont University and worked two jobs
“ The entire campus community is shocked and devastated by how such senseless violence has taken the life of this young woman , an individual full of immense potential , ” the school said in a statement . “ We extend our thoughts and prayers to her family and friends as they come to terms with unimaginable grief . ”
A woman , center , who would only be identified as the godmother of shooting victim DeEbony Groves , cries as she listens at a news conference regarding the capture of Travis Reinking Monday , April 23 , 2018 , in Nashville , Tenn. AP Photo/Mark Humphrey
Groves ' grandmother , Carolyn Groves , told the NYT she would always find time to visit her .
“ She was a sweetheart , ” Groves said of her granddaughter .
Police told The Tennessean Henderson is in critical but stable condition .
Delta Sigma Theta president Beverly E. Smith said in a statement that the sorority will mourn the injuries and loss of life .
“ Sorors , we will honor those who have lost their lives or who have been affected by gun violence by raising our voices , casting our votes and standing on the side of justice in our communities , ” Smith said . “ We mourn this loss today , but we will not let this act of violence silence our will to do what is right . ”
Joe R. Perez
The Associated Press reported that , according to a police statement , Perez , 20 , was killed in the parking lot of the Waffle House with Taurean Sanderlin , 29 .
The Austin American-Statesman reported that Perez was from Texas and had family in Austin . Patricia Perez , who is reportedly the victim 's mother , posted on Facebook Sunday asking for prayers .
“ Please say a prayer for my family for today is the hardest day of my life , ” the post said . “ Me , my husband and sons are broken right now with this loss . Our lives are shattered . ”
The New York Times reported that Perez moved to Nashville to work with one of his two older brothers after graduating from Hays High School in 2016 . He was supposed to pick up his mother from the airport Wednesday when she visited him in Nashville . She last spoke to him Saturday night .
“ I will never see him again , ” Patricia Perez aid . “ He was my baby . ”
Taurean C. Sanderlin
Sanderlin , a Waffle House employee , was killed in the restaurant parking lot with Joe Perez , The AP reported .
According to The New York Times , Walter G. Ehmer , the chief executive of Waffle House , said Sanderlin had worked at the chain for five years . The Goodlettsville , Tennessee , resident , was slain as he stood outside the restaurant while taking a break , The Tennessean reported .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
MIDLOTHIAN , Va. – An employee at a Publix supermarket in Virginia said she was stunned when a shopper punched her while apparently trying to get her attention Saturday .
Liberty Gratz , who is deaf and has some vision loss , told WRIC , “ All of a sudden , I felt some woman hit me in my back . ”
With her mother , Jeanette Gratz , translating , Liberty said she was trying to straighten some items on a shelf near the ground when she felt the blow .
“ She does n't have that peripheral vision , so she 's really focused on her work , ” Jeanette told WRIC .
Jeanette and Liberty communicate using American Sign Language , but if Liberty wants to communicate with someone at Publix she usually writes it out on paper . Both Liberty and her twin brother were born with Usher syndrome , according to a GoFundMe fundraiser . It 's the most common condition affecting vision and hearing , according to the National Eye Institute .
The shopper in Saturday 's incident was trying to find something in the store and apparently punched Liberty out of frustration after not getting a response , her mother told The News and Observer .
Liberty said she told others at the supermarket , but they were unable to find the woman in surveillance video because so many shoppers were blocking the camera 's line of sight .
Her mother said Liberty was still hurting when she picked her up , but she is n't holding a grudge . In fact , Liberty said she just hopes she can sit down with the person to share some tips on how to treat people with disabilities .
“ I know hurt people usually are the ones that hurt people , Jeanette told WRIC . “ I will continue to pray for them , and I hope that things get better in their life so they can be better to other people . ”
Publix has not responded to requests for comment as of Tuesday evening .
0 7-year-old Tennessee boys struck , killed by lightning
WEST TENNESSEE - A family of a 7-year-old boy is mourning the loss after he was struck and killed by a lightning strike .
According to the National Weather Service almost 50 people a year are killed by lightning . On Monday , an 7-year-old Amish child was killed in West Tennessee after being struck by lightning . Levi Yoder spent Monday morning helping his father repair a horse buggy in the shop . Later that afternoon , he helped his Mom clean strawberries .
Around 3:30 in the afternoon the family heard a loud clap of thunder . The family told FOX13 they found Levi outside dead under the tree .
Trending stories :
Mother of five Bri Howard lives near little Levi 's family . She told us her heart goes out to them .
`` I just pray for his family and tell them to keep their heads up . I am sorry that it happened , '' Howard told FOX13 's Tom Dees .
Levi 's family told us the lightning tore bark off the tree in spots and blew a small trench in the ground . The electrical charge was so strong it burned the child 's clothes to shred . Dale Teague is a father who lives down the road from Levi 's family and he told us it broke his heart .
`` It touched me . Anytime a life is lost it is a sad thing whether it is your child or not , '' Teague said .
Family members told FOX13 they think Levi may have been outside trying to keep moles out of the yard . The 7-year-old will be laid to rest in the McKenzie Amish cemetery Thursday .
The Wheatley County Sheriff 's Department told FOX13 this is the first lightning strike death in their county .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
MANAMA , April 15 Red Bull 's Max Verstappen pushed Formula One frontrunners Ferrari and Mercedes off the top of the timesheets in final practice for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday .
The 19-year-old Dutch driver lapped the Sakhir circuit with the best time of one minute 32.194 seconds , 0.110 quicker than Mercedes 's triple world champion Lewis Hamilton who will be chasing a seventh successive pole position in later qualifying .
Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel , the four-times world champion who was the fastest on Friday , is tied with Hamilton at the top of the standings on 43 points after two races .
The German was third in an afternoon session that cooled to around 36 degrees Celsius , with most drivers waiting before getting down to serious work .
Valtteri Bottas was fourth for Mercedes , ahead of Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen .
Verstappen set his time late in the session on supersoft tyres .
French driver Romain Grosjean sent his Haas spinning into the barriers after losing control at turn four , damaging the car 's nose and briefly bringing out the red flags . ( Editing by Ed Osmond )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Heart attacks and broken hips cause much suffering and worry as people grow older . This year , Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for treatment of these life-threatening conditions , to promote quality and contain costs . Beneficiaries and family members may notice a new approach .
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities selected for large-scale experiments on this front are already gearing up . The goal is to test the notion that better coordination among clinicians , hospitals , and rehab centers can head off complications , prevent avoidable hospital re-admissions and help patients achieve more stable and enduring recoveries . If results back that up , Medicare can adopt the changes nationwide .
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments are the latest development in a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare , steering the program away from paying piecemeal for services , regardless of quality and cost . It 's unclear whether Donald Trump as president will continue the pace of change , slow down or even hit pause .
Trump 's Health and Human Services nominee , orthopedic-surgeon-turned-congressman Tom Price , has expressed general concern that the doctor-patient relationship could be harmed by Medicare payment changes seeking to contain costs . And the Medicare division that designed the experiments — the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation — is itself under threat of being abolished because it was created by President Barack Obama 's 2010 health care law .
Some outside groups , including AARP , worry that Medicare may be moving too fast and that focusing on cost containment could lead to beneficiaries being shortchanged on rehab care .
Innovation center director Patrick Conway , who also serves as Medicare 's chief medical officer , is plowing ahead nonetheless . “ Delivery system reform and paying for better care are bipartisan issues , ” Conway said . And quality ranks ahead of cost savings in evaluating any results , he added .
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments focus on traditional Medicare , which remains the choice of nearly 7 in 10 out of Medicare 's 57 million beneficiaries . The cardiac experiment involves both heart bypass and heart attack patients . The trials join similar ongoing tests involving surgery for hip and knee replacement , as well as care for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy .
In the experiments , doctors , hospitals , and rehab centers get paid the regular Medicare rates . But hospitals are given responsibility for overall quality and cost , measured against benchmarks set by Medicare . If the hospital meets or exceeds the goals , it earns a financial bonus , which can be shared with other service providers . If the hospital falls short , it may have to pay the government money .
“ Now your doctor and hospital are working together to make sure they are well coordinated , ” said Conway .
Under the old system , if a patient was discharged from the hospital after a heart attack , “ they might hand you a piece of paper that said please follow up with your primary care doctor , ” Conway continued . “ In this model , the hospital is going to have a strong incentive to make sure you follow up . ”
Overall , about 168,000 Medicare beneficiaries are treated for heart attacks in a given year , while 48,000 undergo heart bypass surgery for clogged arteries and 109,000 have surgery for broken hips .
Around the country , hospitals in 98 metro areas will be involved in the cardiac experiment . The hip surgery experiment involves 67 areas that are also part of Medicare 's ongoing test with hip and knee replacements .
Areas in the cardiac test include Boston , as well as Akron , Ohio ; Charleston , South Carolina ; Fort Collins , Colorado ; Utica , New York ; and Yuma , Arizona . A smaller group of communities will be involved in a related experiment that pays hospitals for coordinating rehab care for heart patients . Although the benefits of cardiac rehab are widely recognized , only a small share of patients receives it .
The hip fracture test includes the Miami , New York , and Los Angeles metro areas , as well as Austin , Texas ; Bismarck , North Dakota ; Flint , Michigan , and New Orleans .
Hospitals are not happy with the changes , though doctors have generally been supportive . A big concern for hospitals is that Medicare requires mandatory participation by all the facilities in areas selected for these tests . But Conway says that 's likely to lead to even better results . The idea is that hospitals will watch each other 's performance closely , and the ones that have room to improve will try to catch the high achievers .
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
President Václav Havel himself introduced the legendary rock band to a packed Strahov stadium in 1990 . Czechs got their first taste of a Western-style rock concert and saw live on stage stars they had only read about and whose music they smuggled on tapes from hand-to-hand . The 100 , 000 strong audiences was in a frenzy and the Stones pulled all the stops . The motto of the concert , which was part of their Urban Jungle tour , appeared on posters and T-shirts everywhere – The Stones Are Rolling In , The Tanks Are Rolling Out . Mick Jagger later sent Czechs a greeting saying it had been a very special moment for the band as well .
“ For me it was such a proud moment when Mr. Havel invited the Rolling Stones in 1990 to come and play in Prague . When I got there and saw the posters which said `` The Stones Are Rolling In , The Tanks Are Rolling Out '' it made me so proud to be the first western band to play in a truly free Czechoslovakia . I remember the spirit of those times – optimistic , warm , exciting and innocent – it was a truly inspiring moment . ”
Tickets to the concert were hopelessly sold out and people begged , borrowed and even nicked them to be able to attend . Jindřich Šídlo told Czech Radio that for many people it was their first taste of the Western lifestyle .
“ I was a grammar school student at the time and I remember that I worked for days to save the 500 crowns needed for two tickets . We were on top of the world but when we came to Prague our backpacks got stolen with the tickets inside . So in the end we heard the concert from the balcony of a Prague flat . Everyone was out listening – and the Stones really rocked Prague - you could hear the concert throughout the city . ”
The Stones started off with Start Me Up , and followed up with Honkey Tonk Woman , Angie , Brown Sugar , Jumpin ' Jack Flash , and Sympathy for the Devil . Their final hit – I ai n't got no satisfaction ended with a huge fireworks display .
Since that legendary concert in Prague , which was the start of a firm friendship between president Havel and the band 's members , the Stones returned three more times for concerts that were the cultural highlight of the year . In 1995 130,000 people packed Prague 's Strahov stadium for their Voodoo lounge tour .
Today they are back and their fans are eager for more . Czech rock musician Michal Kocáb says the Stones are truly a phenomenon .
“ Mick Jagger is 75 now , but he still moves on stage like a 30 year old . The Stones are simply in a different league from everyone else . Like the Beatles . I always say the Stones are not a band , they are a planetary institution . ”
Congratulations to The Spectator for opening a new avenue of conversation in the opioid crisis . This real and raging crisis is burying the larger issue of pain management . The two articles , one highlighting the feelings of abandonment of people suffering from chronic pain and the other presenting alternatives to drugs for treating pain are vital to the battle with opioid use .
I am one of those seniors who need a voice . Chronic pain has been a burden in my life for almost 20 years . I lost my career , my pension , financial security and my sense of direction . I have carved a new , limited quality of life thanks to the care of a pain specialist and access to health insurance . Now I wish to speak out about the crisis swirling about us — the use of opioids in pain management .
I have researched this crisis within a crisis . My sources include The Spectator , other major dailies , the 2016 census , JAMA , PAIN , fellow sufferers and pain management specialists . Here is what I 've learned .
There are alternatives that complement drugs for treating pain . The challenge is cost . Few of these choices are covered , fewer seniors have coverage and the costs are beyond most pensioners . Treatments such as therapeutic massage , physio , Chiropractic , acupuncture , osteopathic and other relevant treatments cost between $ 65 to $ 95 per hour . The problem with non-drug treatment is lack of funding for patients who need it most . Chronic pain patients are often unemployed , poorly supported financially and often with good primary care to advocate for them . And an insurance policy might cover three months of treatment per year .
There is increasingly strong evidence that practically all of the strong physical/neurological mechanisms underlying chronic pain are poorly addressed by the strong opioids . While Gabapentin and pregabalin are covered , buprenorphine/naloxone , tramadol and tapendadel , that are more effective than strong opioids and less likely to produce tolerance and dependence are not covered through Trillium , Ontario Works or ODSP . To seek relief patients are driven to doctor shopping , expensive trips to the emergency ward , after hour clinics and finally to the streets . People in pain will not stop seeking relief despite the risks . Is turning patients to the streets worth the savings gained in not covering these medications and subsidizing alternatives that support drug therapy ?
My life is filled with constant pain , a cane , depression , all consuming fatigue and a new identity — a disabled parking sticker . My regime includes effective pain medication , limited access to alternate therapies and the time spent with a pain specialist and my understanding family doctor . I have limited insurance coverage and constant support from my family .
One problem in a 15 minute doctor visits does n't meet the need . Doctors need more time to help pain patients and should be paid for that time . I learned that training veterinarians in Ontario receive more chronic pain education than family doctors . As seniors live longer , chronic pain grows into a larger crisis year by year . In 2012 , approximately 35 per cent of Ontario doctors would not prescribe opioids to any patient either chronic or terminal . A chronic pain sufferer I know recently went to the street for relief from an industrial accident incurred 20 years ago .
As your reporter learned from one patient , `` I was told to reduce , so I did . It 's terrible . It 's very , very hard . '' It 's especially hard when the doctor 's bag of tricks includes alternatives that so many can not afford . A doctor can prescribe an opioid drug that is covered yet non opioid medications that are more effective are beyond the reach of the patient .
Chronic pain costs — in dollars , in training , and in quality of life . According to the 2016 census and Ontario 's population share , our portion of the annual direct cost of chronic pain is $ 2.3B . Our portion of the productivity cost is $ 14.3B . Sixty per cent of chronic pain sufferers eventually lose their jobs . For those still working the median sick leave is 28.5 days per year . Waiting to access chronic pain care cost the patient a median of $ 17 , 544 in lost labour time .
Health care in Canada is not supposed to be dependent upon the depth of your pocket . Yet it 's clear that people , especially seniors , without insurance or sufficient , stable income can not afford the effective treatments for chronic pain . Yet can access medications that are proven not to be the best choice . Can covering the costs of effective medications and access to alternate therapies cost more than the current burden of $ 2.3B and $ 14.3B ? As more people become seniors and live longer , the percentage of chronic pain sufferers will rise . Current employment trends offer less stability and reduced insurance protection . The upcoming increase in the minimum wage will help people meet basic food and shelter costs but it will not address the costs of medication and alternate therapies . The cost of living prohibits most people from buying private insurance .
With the summer months approaching , the changing season can cause allergies in our pets . Learn more about Pet Allergies as Dr. Angela Gaeto , Helen Woodward Animal Center , explains the symptoms and when professional help is needed .
April 3 OCC :
* Occ cleared contract volume up nine percent in March
* Futures cleared by OCC 12.4 million contracts in March , up 68 percent from March 2016
* Index options volume was up 18 percent with 44.8 million contracts in March
* Equity options volume reached a total of 329.7 million contracts in March , a seven percent increase from March 2016
* Total cleared contract volume in March reached 386.9 million contracts , a nine percent increase from March 2016 Source text for Eikon :
× Bail set at $ 1 million for Tacoma man charged with murder in shooting death of father
TACOMA , Wash. — A 53-year-old man pleaded not guilty in Pierce County Superior Court to first-degree murder Friday in the shooting death of his father .
Bail was set at $ 1 million for Kurt Youngers .
Tacoma Police said that on Thursday a friend of Youngers called 911 to report that Youngers told him during a phone conversation , “ I shot my dad . ”
According to probable cause documents , officers responded to Youngers ' Tacoma home and said that Youngers “ made unsolicited statements to the effect of ‘ there 's a monster inside and I killed him ' … ‘ I killed that Nazi monster ' … ‘ I have been tortured my whole life . ' ”
Upon entering the home , officers found the father 's body on the couch , with a gunshot wound to the left eye/cheek .
“ During an interview with detectives , defendant again admitted to killing his father , ” the court documents state . “ Defendant indicated that for the last few days he was trying to get his father to admit his responsibility for certain events such as the killing of JFK and that he ( the father ) was Lee Harvey Oswald 's lover , as well as a member of the Nazi Party . ”
Officers said Youngers allegedly said he struck his father twice in the nose during the confrontation and that he then pointed at gun at his father and said he was going to shoot him , to which his father replied , “ Go ahead. ” He said he then shot him .
“ Throughout this interview , defendant would refer to his father as ‘ that thing ' or ‘ the monster . ' Defendant indicated that he felt no remorse , ” police said in the probable cause document .
Hamilton police have charged a 54-year-old man after an armed robbery at an east-end convenience store .
A man who threatened to shoot a teller held up the store on Main Street East and Barnesdale Avenue North around 3:30 a.m. on Jan. 27 , police said Friday .
He made off with cash and fled , but had returned two other times to make the same demands , police said .
On Thursday , police arrested Enrico Lera , 54 , of Hamilton . He is charged with three counts of robbery .
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004 , after Moody 's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG , June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds , in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody 's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May .
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating over a dozen suspects on sex trafficking charges .
On Thursday several Wichita police units worked together to focus on those individuals attempting to purchase sexual relations in the Broadway corridor in Wichita , according to officer Charley Davidson .
Vice Detectives , the Wichita Broadway Corridor Team , Patrol South Community Policing Officers , Patrol North and South officers participated in the investigation . They arrested 13 men attempting to buy sexual relations , according to Davidson .
Police arrested 15 in similar operation in early September .
Davidson said the message is simple , “ police will continue to conduct these assignments until no one is arrested . Do not come to the Broadway corridor to engage in this type of behavior or you may end up talking with a police officer . ”
The Calabarzon police asks the help of the PNP Anti-Cybercrime Group to 'study and enhance ' the video clips to get a clear look of the faces of the suspects and the features of their motorcycle
Published 4:49 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Philippine National Police ( PNP ) counted 3 suspects in the killing of General Tinio , Nueva Ecija mayor Ferdinand Bote , Calabarzon police director Chief Superintendent Amador Corpus announced on Wednesday , July 4 .
`` Based on the recovered CCTV footages , we saw 3 suspects going to the crime scene and onboard a motorcycle , '' Corpus said in a mix of English and Filipino in a Camp Crame press conference .
The PNP , however , could not identify the suspects because the video clips in their possession were either too far or had low resolutions .
The Calabarzon top cop said they have asked the help of the PNP Anti-Cybercrime Group to `` study and enhance '' the clips so the cops can get a clear look of their faces and the features of the motorcycle they boarded . ( READ : 4 killed a day by riding-in-tandem gunmen in the Philippines )
Bote was shot dead on Tuesday , July 4 , just after the Toyota Fortuner he rode was leaving the Cabanatuan office of the National Irrigation Administration . He was rushed to a nearby hospital , but declared dead on arrival .
Bote was gunned down just after the assassination of Tanauan City Mayor Antonio Halili . ( READ : Mayors , vice mayors killed under Duterte gov't )
According to Corpus , cops recovered 18 bullet slugs from the crime scene where Bote was shot .
The investigation on the mayorr 's ambush is currently led by the PNP 's own special investigation task group . – Rappler.com
The hashtag 'You Irish ' is trending on Twitter this morning after a Sky news presenter used the phrase to refer to Irish people in a tweet .
Adam Boulton was responding to criticism of his questioning of Foreign Affairs Minister Simon Coveney over Brexit during a live interview .
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney answers Adam Boulton 's `` do you think this week 's kerfuffle has been necessary ? '' pic.twitter.com/PkoJ0VgZ9y — Robert ☃️ ( @ RobDunsmore ) December 8 , 2017
He tweeted this after the interview :
Bored now . Some of you Irish need to get over yourselves . Interviewing is about challenging the interviewee not respecting . — Adam Boulton ( @ adamboultonSKY ) December 9 , 2017
People have now been using the term to praise Irish people :
# YouIrish have one of the oldest spoken languages in Europe — Niall Ó Donnghaile ( @ NiallSF ) December 10 , 2017
# YouIrish has its humour , it 's dance , it 's music , it 's culture loved by millions around the globe . It 's better to be loved for that , than loathed for a legacy of death , slavery and pillage around the globe . — An_fear_ciuin 🇮🇪 ( @ An_Fear_Ciuin ) December 10 , 2017
# YouIrish have one of the fastest growing economies in Europe , a higher GDP per capita than the UK , far fewer people living below the poverty line and a much more generous state pension — Jay O'Rio ( @ northernsoul78 ) December 10 , 2017
# YouIrish developed a cure for leprosy — Niall Ó Donnghaile ( @ NiallSF ) December 10 , 2017
# YouIrish risked your lives to help build New Yorks underground . — Dean Groogan ( @ groogqn ) December 10 , 2017
Reading the # YouIrish tweets on Twitter this evening . pic.twitter.com/8tz3L97Jis — Oisín Patenall ( @ OisinPatenall ) December 10 , 2017
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
RENTON , Wash. — The Renton City Council voted unanimously Monday night to oppose placement of a safe drug-consumption site within its city limits .
It 's the latest city to take such an action after the King County Council announced it would establish two safe consumption , or injection , sites — one in Seattle and the other elsewhere in the county .
The councils in Bellevue , Auburn and Federal Way already have voted to bar placement of a site in their cities .
Advocates say such sites save lives and can connect users with health services , which is crucial as addiction levels have skyrocketed . A 40-member King County task force convened last year recommended opening one safe-injection site in Seattle and one in another part of King County . Their exact locations have not been determined yet .
They would be the first such sites in the United States .
But critics fear it would only attract more drug users and would lead to more crime .
In January , Seattle Mayor Ed Murray said , “ My visit to Insite , Vancouver , Canada 's safe consumption site , made clear these sites save lives and that is our goal in Seattle/King County . Keeping people alive gives them the opportunity to get treatment and begin their path to recovery . ”
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
WASHINGTON , April 3 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday agreed to consider reviving litigation seeking to hold Arab Bank Plc financially liable for militant attacks in Israel and the Palestinian territories that accused the Jordan-based bank of being the `` paymaster '' to militant groups .
The justices agreed to hear an appeal by roughly 6,000 plaintiffs , who included relatives of non-U.S. citizens killed in such attacks and survivors of the incidents , of a lower court ruling throwing out the litigation .
The plaintiffs accused Arab Bank under a U.S. law called the Alien Tort Statute of deliberately financing terrorism , including suicide bombings and other attacks . They are hoping to overturn a 2015 New York federal appeals court ruling that the bank could not be sued under the statute because it is a corporation .
( Reporting by Andrew Chung ; Editing by Will Dunham )
The Democrat announces her support for incumbents Randy Rowse , Dale Francisco and Michael Self , three of the more conservative candidates
On the steps of City Hall , Santa Barbara Planning Commissioner Sheila Lodge talked with the media Tuesday about her decision to endorse City Council incumbents Randy Rowse , Dale Francisco and Michael Self in this fall 's election .
Lodge , a lifelong Democrat , is supporting three of the City Council 's more conservative candidates . Rowse , Francisco and Self serve are running for re-election when their three council seats expire , and seven other candidates are also running in the Nov. 8 election .
Her move struck some longtime political observers as radical . Self and Rowse are registered independents , but Francisco is a Republican , making Lodge 's support an unusual alliance .
The pair have been aligned with slow-growth policies during General Plan discussions , but both ran for office with that approach to growth in their platforms .
Lodge touched on her background Tuesday before talking about her endorsement . She served as mayor of Santa Barbara from 1981 to 1993 , before which she served on the City Council .
“ For more than 18 years , City Hall was my home away from home , ” she told the media , adding that changes have taken place since then . “ Unfortunately , some have not been for the better . ”
She said partisan politics play a much bigger role in council affairs now — a body intended to be nonpartisan . She also took issue with the relationship between public employee unions and council members .
“ In the past , council members had an arm 's length relationship with the unions , ” Lodge said . “ Union representatives did not have the opportunity to pressure individual council members for greater pay and benefits in exchange for support at election time . ”
She said Francisco was the sole vote against pay raises several years ago , that Self had the city 's best interest in mind and that Rowse “ is one of the most commonsensical and levelheaded people I know. ” She said all three recognized that “ broad brush increased density in the General Plan would not provide the kind of housing we need in Santa Barbara , ” while threatening the city 's small-town feel , and urged voters to vote as she will in November .
Jim Youngson of Terrain Consulting told Noozhawk on Tuesday that Lodge 's move represented a “ significant ” crossover .
He said the City Council race is gearing up to be a polarizing one , and that “ the politics right now in City Hall are as edgy as they 've ever been . ”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
HENRICO COUNTY , Va. — A deal that took state and local economic leaders three years to grow has finally bored fruit .
Flanked by state and regional leaders in the Jefferson Room at the State Capitol , Gov . Terry McAuliffe formally announced at press conference Thursday that Facebook would invest $ 1 billion to build a 970,000-square-foot data center in the White Oak Technology Park in eastern Henrico County .
The facility , which would be Facebook 's eighth U.S. data center , is set to be operational around 2019 , said Director of Data Center Strategy Rachel Peterson , ultimately creating 100 full-time jobs .
It would be the first of what 's expected to be a multi-phase development at 5900 Elko Road that would span more than 328 of the tech park 's 1,500 acres .
The first phase will consist of an H-shaped complex of two single-story , connected buildings . Documents on file with the county show three future buildings totaling 1.5 million additional square feet . The future phases were not discussed at the press conference .
While Virginia appeared to be the primary state for Facebook 's data center , Henrico County edged out a number of localities for the project , including the Northern Virginia counties of Loudoun and Prince William , which have some to the highest concentrations of data centers in North America .
“ The important thing is that they were looking at a number of places in Virginia , ” said Virginia Secretary of Commerce and Trade Todd Haymore . “ This is a big win for the state . ”
No general contractor has been selected to oversee the mammoth development . Delaware-based Scout Development LLC is the developer and Manassas-based Christopher Consultants is the engineer .
State and county leaders emphasized that thousands of jobs would be created during its two-year construction . A handful of area staffing agencies are out seeking workers for the project , including Richmond-based Aerotek , with some offering incentives such as covered relocation expenses to on-the-spot hiring to kick off an ambitious construction timeline .
“ They want to move quickly , ” Haymore said .
Upon its completion , Henrico County Manager John A. Vithoulkas said the Facebook facility could be one of the county 's largest taxpayers , although he could not disclose the direct economic impact the facility would have on the county .
“ That 's something we 'll have a better idea about when the project is completed and we can assess the property , ” Vithoulkas said .
Facebook also would become the county 's largest water user , Vithoulkas said , consuming close to 3.5 million gallons a day .
Henrico County and the state 's primary economic development agency , the Virginia Economic Development Partnership , appeared to have pulled out the red carpet to land the Facebook data center .
Click here to read how Henrico wooed Facebook .
Ponoka RCMP are investigating an incident where a 54-year-old man died after a loose tire struck his car Dec. 10 near Ponoka . Police say the tire appears to be that of a semi tractor . RCMP photo
Ponoka RCMP are investigating an incident where a 54-year-old man died after a loose tire struck his vehicle .
Emergency crews attended the scene of the incident Dec. 10 at 6:50 p.m. on Highway 2 at the Highway 53 overpass west of Ponoka . Police say the man was declared deceased at the scene .
“ The vehicle appears to have lost control and struck a guard rail where the vehicle then came to rest , ” states a press release .
A woman passenger in the vehicle sustained minor injuries and was treated and released .
Police state that the loose tire appears to be consistent with those used on a semi trailer . It may have come dislodged from a southbound vehicle and struck the driver of the northbound vehicle .
Following this , the driver was fatally injured and lost control of the vehicle . The RCMP seek assistance from anyone who may know anything about this incident .
“ This appears to be a very tragic , unexpected , freak incident , ” says Ponoka Sgt . Chris Smiley . “ We want to speak to anyone who might know anything , in order to bring some closure to this investigation , both from an investigational perspective and for the family 's sake . ”
Photos of the tire have been supplied by RCMP .
If you have information about this investigation , please call the Ponoka RCMP at 403-783-4472 or call your local police detachment . If you want to remain anonymous , you can contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 1-800-222-8477 ( TIPS ) , by internet at www.tipsubmit.com , or by SMS .
* Asia ex-Japan slips from 2-yr high ; MSCI World hits new high
* Europe stocks likely to open flat to lower
* Economic data , strong earnings overshadow geopolitical fears
* Dollar near six-week high on June Fed rate hike expectation
* Oil recovers from multi-month low on U.S. inventory drawdown
By Nichola Saminather
SINGAPORE , May 3 Asian stocks were mixed on Wednesday , moderating after earlier strong gains on positive global earnings and manufacturing data , while expectations that the U.S. Federal Reserve will signal a June rate increase later in the session lifted the dollar .
Futures traders were on Wednesday pricing in a 63 percent chance of a June rate hike , according to the CME Group 's FedWatch Tool , which was predicting an almost 72 percent chance a week ago and a 59 percent chance a month ago .
European markets are set for a muted start , with financial spreadbetters expecting Britain 's FTSE to open down 0.1 percent , and both Germany 's DAX and France 's CAC 40 to begin the day flat , after all posted gains on Tuesday .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.1 percent on Wednesday , after touching a near two-year high earlier in the day .
The MSCI World index surpassed Tuesday 's record to hit a new high on Wednesday .
Hung Tran , executive managing director at the Institute of International Finance , said investors were currently struggling to price in outcomes amid a volatile political environment .
But `` the very benign investment backdrop - supported by a cyclical upturn in the global economy , central bank liquidity and a persistent savings glut - has ... helped cushion markets from political shocks , '' Tran wrote in a report .
Hong Kong and South Korean markets are closed for the Buddha 's birthday holiday , and Japan is shut from Wednesday until Friday for Golden Week .
Taiwan gained 0.1 percent . Singapore and Thailand were also higher , although Chinese shares pulled back almost 0.5 percent .
Australian shares dropped 1 percent , failing to find new catalysts to lift above a two-year high hit on Monday .
The pan-European Stoxx index jumped to its highest level since August 2015 on Tuesday .
Overnight , Wall Street closed higher , although Nasdaq futures fell alongside Apple shares in extended trading , after the company reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for the second quarter .
Net income still beat analysts ' estimates .
Markets are awaiting word from the Fed , which concludes its two-day meeting later on Wednesday . With the central bank largely expected to hold interest rates steady , the focus will be on language about future increases .
Since the last meeting , economic data has been mixed , with the economy growing at a sluggish 0.7 percent annual pace in the first quarter as consumer spending almost stalled .
A decline in U.S. new vehicle sales for April , following a disappointing March is also prompting worries that the industry , which has seen a nearly uninterrupted boom since 2010 , may be on a downward swing .
But a surge in business investment and the fastest wage growth in a decade suggest activity will regain momentum as the year progresses .
The weak U.S. auto sales figures could make market participants wary of actively buying the dollar against the yen for now , said Satoshi Okagawa , senior global markets analyst for Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in Singapore .
`` Concerns about geopolitical risks such as North Korea had weighed on the dollar against the yen recently ... But the focus is shifting to whether the ( strength ) of U.S. economic fundamentals is for real , '' he said .
`` There is more data coming up including the jobs data , so those need to be watched closely , '' Okagawa said , referring to the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report due on Friday .
The dollar was little changed at 111.995 yen on Wednesday . It touched a six-week high on Tuesday but fell back to close 0.2 percent higher .
The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against a basket of trade-weighted peers , rose 0.1 percent to 99.055 .
The euro was marginally lower at $ 1.0923 , following Tuesday 's 0.3 percent gain .
Sterling weakened almost 0.4 percent to $ 1.2895 , surrendering most of Tuesday 's 0.4 percent gain .
Eurozone unemployment remained at 9.5 percent in March , the lowest level since April 2009 , while manufacturing growth for April was at or near six-year highs in France and Germany , and rose to a three-year peak in the UK , data showed overnight .
That followed figures from Asian economies including Indonesia , Malaysia , India and Japan that all showed faster manufacturing growth in April . While growth in China eased more than expected , the world 's second-largest economy nevertheless avoided a sharp loss of momentum .
In commodities markets , crude advanced on a drawdown in U.S. inventories after a sharp fall on Tuesday on technical selling in a market that was already worried about oversupply and concerned that OPEC members ' commitment to a deal that curbed production may be slipping .
While output from all 13 members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries together fell in April from March , supply from 11 members with production targets under the deal rose , in the first increase since the pact took effect at the start of the year .
Global benchmark Brent added 0.9 percent to $ 50.92 a barrel , after falling 2.1 percent overnight to its lowest closing price this year .
U.S. crude recovered 0.7 percent to $ 48.01 , after sliding to its lowest closing price since March 21 on Tuesday .
Gold slid 0.2 percent to $ 1,254.22 an ounce on the stronger dollar .
( Reporting by Nichola Saminather ; Additional reporting by Masayuki Kitano ; Editing by Sam Holmes and Eric Meijer )
Mayweather might be seen standing inside a UFC cage in a few months
Published 1:00 PM , February 03 , 2018
LOS ANGELES , USA – MMA fighter Conor McGregor switched to the boxing ring to make one of the richest professional fights in history possible and now Floyd Mayweather hints he might return the favor .
Mayweather , who has n't fought since knocking out McGregor in that boxing match last year , teased fans Friday night by posting a picture on his Twitter page of himself wearing mixed martial arts gloves and standing in an UFC cage .
`` A Billion Dollar Man , '' Mayweather said in the tweet .
Mayweather and McGregor 's cross-combat fight in August failed to live up to the hype in the ring as veteran Mayweather easily outpunched the inexperienced McGregor , but it did well at the box office .
( READ : Mayweather batters McGregor , wins by TKO in round 10 )
The contest generated 4.3 million pay-per-view buys in North America , trailing only Mayweather 's 2015 world title boxing match with Filipino Manny Pacquiao that generated 4.6 million buys and earned $ 600 million .
It is the second time this week Mayweather has teased his fans with the idea . Earlier this week he posted video on Twitter and Instagram of himself shadow boxing in a cage .
He said `` Come at the king , you best not miss ... ''
Come at the king , you best not miss ... pic.twitter.com/uHx4SJngHx — Floyd Mayweather ( @ FloydMayweather ) February 1 , 2018
Mayweather 's August fight with the Irishman was supposed to be his last as it secured his perfect 50-0 record . But the American has retired several times only to negotiate `` comeback '' fights for bigger paydays . – Rappler.com
Connecticut fines Liberty Mutual affiliates
Photo : Alexander Soule / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In May 2018 , the Connecticut Department of Insurance revealed fines totaling $ 120,000 against five affiliates of Boston-based Liberty Mutual , for varying violations for insurance policies on their books in 2015. less In May 2018 , the Connecticut Department of Insurance revealed fines totaling $ 120,000 against five affiliates of Boston-based Liberty Mutual , for varying violations for insurance policies on their books in ... more Photo : Alexander Soule / Hearst Connecticut Media Connecticut fines Liberty Mutual affiliates 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Connecticut regulators fined five affiliates of Boston-based Liberty Mutual a combined $ 120,000 for varying violations for insurance policies on their books in 2015 .
The Connecticut Department of Insurance levied penalties of more than $ 40,000 against Liberty Mutual subsidiaries Safeco Insurance and General Insurance Co. of America each , for multiple infractions of state regulations including improper non-renewal or cancellation of policies and using brokers that were not licensed to issue policies in Connecticut .
Fined lesser amounts were Liberty Insurance , Liberty Mutual Fire Insurance , and LM General Insurance Co . The Connecticut Insurance Department stated that the carriers cooperated with its inquiries .
Combined in Connecticut , the five Liberty Mutual affiliates underwrote nearly $ 500 million in policies in 2015 .
Alex.Soule @ scni.com ; 203-842-2545 ; @ casoulman
Wendy Williams is crediting Dr. Mehmet Oz with helping save her life following her health scare last month .
“ Thank you , ” Williams , 53 , said to the Dr. Oz Show host as she held back tears on Monday , when she returned to her self-titled daytime talk show after a three-week break . “ So Dr. Oz , I had to take three weeks off of work , which was horrible , but needed. ” ( Jerry O'Connell guest-hosted . )
In February , she announced that she would be taking time off from to focus on her hyperthyroidism and Graves ' disease , an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid . She was diagnosed with both 19 years ago .
“ All 19 years Dr. Oz , everything 's been under control . I drank the radioactive iodine , which was supposed to have taken out the actual thyroid function , I 'd replace it every day with a pill . A pill a day for 19 years . Everything was fine , until it was n't , ” she said .
“ You saved your life , ” Dr. Oz , 57 , told her and noted that a “ thyroid issue is a tip of the iceberg . ”
Dr. Oz and Wendy Williams The Wendy Williams Show
Dr. Oz said that as a result of her vegan diet and other things that she was doing to make herself feel better , her “ vitamin D levels , which are generally low — especially in African American women , but half the country has low vitamin D levels by this time of year because for six months of the year , we have n't been able to sit out in the sun and get sun rays — so vitamin D deficiency causes big time mood problems . Yours is the lowest I 've ever seen . ”
Following her weeks-long break , Dr. Oz said that her “ numbers , thankfully , right now are back to normal . ”
He also encouraged viewers to examine their own health after hearing Williams ' story and get checked by a doctor .
“ It is imperative , people take away from this message … they should realize that they 're like you in a lot of ways . And they may be having the exact same issues and they ca n't just write it off or think they can fix it themselves all the time . If there 's a major shift in the way you feel about your life , do n't blame everybody else but you . Get checked , ” he said .
“ Dr . Oz , thank you for helping save my life , ” Williams said . “ What I learned is that a lot of women , once we hit the menopausal age , we only have one doctor , we call her our primary , and that usually is the GYN . We need an internist . ”
WATCH : Wendy Williams Opens Up About Battling Graves '
Also on Monday , Williams appeared on Good Morning America , when she revealed , “ I do n't take sick days . ”
“ In the entire , almost 10 years of doing the show , I 've never taken a sick day . rally , Amy , it was a perfect storm . A perfect storm that had been brewing . I have to say , internally knowing my body since late July , ” she shared . “ I had missed three doctors appointments with my endocrinologist — he 's the one who handles the thyroid and the Graves . ”
Though she said she “ cried . And then I laughed ” after being instructed by her doctor to take time off , Williams admitted that it “ was the best prescription ever because I met a great team . ”
“ They gave me a full workup . I found out that I was very deficient in vitamin D , ” she said . “ My internist told me I am , if not the worst , case of deficient vitamin D that she 's ever seen in her career . I had vertigo , which I 've had all my life , and that was affecting my equilibrium . it was just a mess going on inside of my body . But I 'm saved . ”
“ We as women , particularly if we have families — we 're taking care of children , we 're taking care of home , our husbands — we 're taking care of everybody but ourselves , ” she said . “ I 'm not doing that anymore . ”
As she tells PEOPLE in this week 's issue , on stands Friday , “ “ I love doing the show , but I love me more . So I 'm going to take care of me , so I can be there for them . ”
The Wendy Williams Show airs weekdays ( check local listings ) .
UK 's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins , a British engineering and design consultancy , said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent , helped by its North American business .
Today on the KIX Afternoon show– Rick Moyer discusses alternatives to the big game ! Tune in !
Ray Turnbull , a member of the World Curling Hall of Fame and Manitoba 's 1965 Brier championship team , has died . He was 78 .
Curling Canada said on its website that Turnbull died of leukemia at the Winnipeg Health Sciences Centre .
Born in Huntsville , Ont. , Turnbull rose to prominence as a curler in Manitoba . He served as the lead for Terry Braunstein 's squad that captured the '65 Canadian championship and finished runner-up to the United States at the world men 's championship in Perth , Scotland , later that year .
Turnbull became a successful analyst after his career and was part of TSN 's curling broadcast team from 1985-2010 .
A 92-year-old woman allegedly killed her son in Arizona because she did not want to be sent to an assisted living facility , authorities said .
Anna Mae Blessing was charged with first degree murder , aggravated assault and kidnapping after authorities found her 72-year-old son dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills , Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said .
Blessing hid two pistols in the pockets of her robe and shot her son several times in his bedroom , the sheriff 's office said in a statement .
Her son 's girlfriend was also in the room and said she heard Blessing telling her son she was tired of the way he treated her , court documents said .
“ From my understanding , she had thought about it for a few days because there was a dispute regarding her son wanting to put her in an assisted living home , ” Maricopa County Sgt . Bryant Vanejas told CNN affiliate KPHO .
Blessing then pointed the gun at her son 's girlfriend , who struggled with her until she lost her grip of the gun . When Blessing pulled out the second pistol from her robe , her son 's girlfriend also knocked it out of her hand , the statement said .
Once she was disarmed , Blessing sat on a reclining chair until deputies arrived and arrested her , officials said .
“ As the suspect was being escorted from the residence , she made a spontaneous statement to the effect of ‘ You took my life , so I 'm taking yours , ' ” court documents said .
Blessing moved in with her son and his girlfriend about six months ago , the affiliate reported .
She told deputies she had purchased one of the guns in the late 1970s and that her husband gave her the other pistol , court documents say .
Information on her attorney was not immediately available .
March 29 Vermillion Inc :
* Vermillion reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 results
* Q4 loss per share $ 0.05
* Q4 revenue $ 805,000 versus $ 361,000
* Vermillion Inc- expect cash utilization to decrease further to approximately $ 2.6 million in q1 of 2017 , net of offering proceeds and expenses
* Vermillion Inc- as of December 31 , 2016 , cash and equivalents totaled $ 5.2 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 31 China Smarter Energy Group Holdings Ltd :
* Purchaser to purchase , and vendor to sell , entire equity interest in target company for consideration of rmb645 million
* The purchaser , vendor and target company entered into sale and purchase agreement
* Shanghai gorgeous smarter energy company , as purchaser ; shanghai guxin asset management company limited , as vendor
* Qingdao guxin electricity investment company limited as target company
Source text ( bit.ly/2opwOUG )
Further company coverage :
Paginas Amarillas HP Moto2 rider Alex Rins of Spain rides on his way to winning the Australian Grand Prix on Phillip Island , October 18 , 2015 . REUTERS/Brandon Malone Picture Supplied by Action Images
LONDON Suzuki 's MotoGP rookie Alex Rins has broken his right ankle in an accident while training on a motocross bike , the team said on Friday .
Suzuki said a scan in Barcelona had revealed a partial fracture of the Spaniard 's talus bone .
The medical team decided against surgery and will examine the rider again on Monday before he is due to travel to Argentina for the second race of the season .
Rins was the top MotoGP rookie in last Sunday 's Qatar season-opener , finishing ninth .
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
( Corrects 6th paragraph to make clear only one-month implied vol hit highest since just after Brexit vote )
* Euro pressured by French election uncertainty
* U.S. dollar net long positions at 5-week low-IMM data
* U.S. jobs growth falls short but trend seen intact
* Graphic : World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON , April 10 The euro edged lower against the dollar on Monday , pressured by nervousness over the upcoming French presidential elections as investors took stock of recent polls showing a tightening race .
The campaign is being closely followed by investors , as one contestant -- the far right Marine Le Pen -- has threatened to pull France out of the European Union if she wins , fuelling concerns of an unravelling of the bloc after Britain 's vote to leave it last year .
The euro was 0.1 percent lower at $ 1.0585 in morning London trade , hovering above its lowest level in a month -- $ 1.0570 hit overnight .
`` There 's a general unease I would say ... we are seeing in the ( French ) opinions polls that the race appears to be tightening , '' said Alvin Tan , currency strategist with Société Générale in London .
Polls have for weeks shown Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron on track to top the first round of voting on April 23 and go through to the May 7 runoff .
Euro/dollar implied volatility , from one week to one year , touched its highest since just after Britain 's Brexit vote .
The dollar was slightly lower in European trade after touching three-week highs against a currency basket in Asia .
Analysts said the move in Asia was a continuation of Friday when a U.S. Federal Reserve official reinforced the central bank 's commitment to keep raising interest rates .
New York Fed President William Dudley said the Fed might avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins shrinking its balance sheet , prompting only a `` little pause '' in the central bank 's rate hike plans .
The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against six major currencies , was flat at 101.22 after rising as high as 101.340 , its highest since March 15 .
The dollar was up 0.3 percent at 111.35 yen .
Geopolitical tensions in Asia were also in focus , after the U.S. decision to move a Navy strike group toward the Korean peninsula following a provocative missile test by North Korea .
`` There are still geopolitical concerns , such as the Syrian situation , in the background , and there are no fresh incentives or reasons to buy the dollar , '' said Kumiko Ishikawa , FX market analyst at Sony Financial Holdings in Tokyo .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters : //realtime/verb=Open/url=http : //emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets ( Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho ; additional reporting by Tokyo markets team )
LAS VEGAS — Don Cherry put NHL commissioner Gary Bettman on the spot about expanding the league back into Quebec City .
Cherry and co-host Ron McLean were speaking during their Coach 's Corner segment on Wednesday night during the first intermission of Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and the expansion Vegas Golden Knights . Bettman was standing nearby and the Hockey Night in Canada commentators invited him to step in front of the camera .
`` Gary , what I have to say to you here is : Quebec is unbelievable to me , '' said Cherry . `` There 's never been a rivalry in hockey or any sport like Quebec and Montreal . I think they 've been very good , they 've been keeping their mouths shut . They have not been saying a word . ''
The Quebec Nordiques entered the NHL in 1979 as part of the World Hockey Association 's merger with the league . After struggling through their first season in the NHL , the Nordiques improved and began a fierce rivalry with the Montreal Canadiens . In 1995 the team relocated to Denver and became the Colorado Avalanche .
In 2015 a bid was made for Quebec City to earn a new expansion team . Buoyed by the completion of the Videotron Centre that year , the Quebec City bid was deferred until a later date . The 18,259-seat arena has hosted several pre-season NHL games .
`` They had 18,000 people in there , they have a brand-new building , they 're ready to go , I think it 's fantastic , '' said Cherry before McLean coaxed Bettman in front of the camera . `` What do you say ? I think they deserve it . They really do . ''
Addressing Bettman , McLean explained that although Cherry supported expansion into Quebec , Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs had recently voiced his misgivings about a team in Quebec City .
`` A lot of issues , logistical and otherwise , '' said Bettman in response to McLean . `` Mr. Jacobs expressed an opinion of some skepticism , but we 're not in a process right now and he has one vote . ''
Cherry re-stated his case for a return to Quebec City in reply before Bettman leaned over to McLean and said `` I think ( Cherry ) his popularity just went up in Quebec . ''
By The Canadian Press
Steven Dedual Jr. has been sentenced to more than 13 years in prison for using the internet to view child pornography . ( Photo Source : WLOX )
An Ocean Springs man has been sentenced to more than 13 years in prison for using the internet to view child pornography .
Steven Dedual Jr. , 45 , also faces 10 years of supervised release after completing his prison time , as ordered by U.S. District Judge Sul Ozerden .
From November 2015 to May 2016 , Dedual reportedly used computers in Gulfport and Ocean Springs to access a file-sharing network with the intent to see minors engage in sexually explicit conduct .
Officials say the some footage Dedual viewed involved a minor less than 12 years old .
Dedual has been order to pay a $ 5,000 fine , restitution for three victims in the amount of $ 5,000 each , for a total of $ 15,000 ; and an additional $ 5,000 for a fee under the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act .
This verdict follows Dedual 's guilty plea in November 2017 .
The case was investigated by Homeland Security Investigations and prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Andrea Jones .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
CAIRO May 2 Juhayna , Egypt 's biggest listed producer of packaged juice and dairy products , posted a 28 percent decline in first quarter net profits on Tuesday , saying a steep increase in the cost of raw materials had hit its bottom line .
The company said in a statement that net profit for the first quarter was 58.257 million Egyptian pounds ( $ 3.22 million ) , down from 80.419 million in the same period a year earlier .
Sales inched up , however , reaching 1.287 billion pounds in the first quarter compared to 1.104 billion a year earlier .
Food inflation has soared since import-dependent Egypt floated its pound currency in November , hitting more than 40 percent in March and hurting company profits .
( $ 1 = 18.0700 Egyptian pounds ) ( Reporting by Ehab Farouk , ; Writing by Lin Noueihed ; Editing by Giles Elgood )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
0 Plane carrying dozens of plumbers aborts flight because of toilet problems
How many plumbers does it take to fix a faulty toilet on an airplane ?
> > Read more trending news
None . They were all drained .
A Norwegian Air shuttle flight from Oslo to Munich was forced to turn around Saturday morning because of toilet problems , The Washington Post reported . On board were more than 80 plumbing industry workers traveling to a trade event .
The ironic circumstances led to howls of laughter among the passengers .
“ Seldom has there been more laughter in an airplane ... when the reason given is ‘ toilet problems , ' ” Frank Olsen , chief executive of the Rorkjop plumbing company told The Washington Post on Wednesday .
According to the flight data website Flightradar24 , the southbound flight was heading toward Germany across the Skagerrak Strait . But 15 minutes after takeoff , the plane banked east and returned to Oslo .
The dozens of plumbers on board were unable to help out , Olsen said .
“ We 'd have gladly fixed the toilets , but it must unfortunately be done from the outside , and we did n't want to take a chance on sending out a plumber at 10,000 meters altitude , ” Olsen told Dagbladet , a Norwegian tabloid .
Olsen said his workers could resist toilet humor , even after their flight was rescheduled later in the day , the Post reported .
“ Even the flight attendant came and told me that she have never done a U-turn with that many passengers smiling on board , ” he told the Post . “ We are still smiling . ”
🛫🚽🛬 Norwegian flight # DY1156 with 84 plumbers on board was forced to return to Oslo becasue of a problem the toilets on board.https : //t.co/lUPlJIxGMU pic.twitter.com/I5YqeR6hvJ — Flightradar24 ( @ flightradar24 ) January 29 , 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
To cook or not to cook ? Keep this little number in mind when ordering takeout and delivery .
According to a new study , the average American spends $ 1,175 a YEAR ordering takeout and delivery . . . which works out to about $ 70,000 in their lifetime . If you spend more than $ 100 a month on delivery , it might be more than that .
Here are FIVE stats about our food delivery habits
1 . 82 % of people said they order food at least twice a month . Only 4 % said they never order delivery .
2 . 47 % of us feel like we order food too much . And 52 % feel guilty about it .
3 . The top three reasons for ordering food are you 're craving something specific . . . you 're too LAZY to cook . . . and you do n't have time .
4 . 18 % say they 're worse at cooking than they used to be because of ordering too much food .
5 . The most popular thing we order is pizza , which is n't surprising . The rest of the top five are French fries , burgers , fried rice , and egg rolls .
MORE
Photo : Courtesy Capitol Nashville
By Scott T. Sterling
For anyone who 's ever said “ I like beer , ” this Michelob ULTRA Super Bowl commercial 's for you .
Related : Jon Pardi 's ‘ Dirt on My Boots ' Gets Classic Little Kid Remix
The beer company 's new Super Bowl spot features Jon Pardi 's version of Tom T. Hall 's 1975 hit , “ I Like Beer , ” which peaked at No . 4 on the U.S. country singles chart back in the day .
“ This past year has been filled with so many milestones and bucket list items , and when Michelob Ultra reached out with an opportunity to be part of this Super Bowl commercial , I was all in , ” Pardi raved in a press statement . “ It was such a fun experience to record this version of the song and it 's awesome to be a part of it . ”
While Pardi does n't appear in the ad , there are cameos from actor Chris Pratt , golfer Brooks Koepka , surfer Kelly Slater and 2017 NYC Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan .
Watch the new “ I Like Beer ” ad ahead of the big game below :
A pitcher for the Chicago White Sox is facing an uncertain future after suffering a brain aneurysm midway through a recent home game .
White Sox pitcher Danny Farquhar had just completed a turn on the mound Friday when he vomited and fell over while in the dugout during the sixth inning of their game against the Houston Astros . According to ESPN , the 31-year-old was initially treated by medical staff on site , and was then taken to the ICU at Rush University Medical Center .
The next day , the White Sox announced that Farquhar had experienced a ruptured brain aneurysm . The father of three underwent an operation over the weekend , the team said in a statement sent to PEOPLE .
“ Danny Farquhar 's medical team reported today that Danny is progressing well following a successful surgery Saturday to address the aneurysm , ” the statement reads . “ Farquhar has use of his extremities , is responding appropriately to questions and commands and is speaking to doctors and his family . ”
He remains in a critical , but a neurologically stable condition , the team says .
# Astros @ # WhiteSox Danny Farquhar faints in the dugout and is taken away by the medics , before going to the hospital as a precaution ( 00:25 ) MLB Gameday : https : //t.co/BDNXW6x3NX pic.twitter.com/7gvfarONdi — Ballpark Videos ( @ BallparkVids ) April 21 , 2018
RELATED : Bride-to-Be Who Died Weeks Before Her Wedding Saves Lives Through Organ Donation
“ He 's a fighter , and he 's in the fight of his life right now , '' Chicago White Sox vice president Ken Williams told USA Today . “ They had to do another surgery , cracking his skull open , and putting a clamp on it . My God . ”
Ruptured brain aneurysms occur when there is a bulging spot on an artery in the brain , which weakens over time as blood flows against it , according to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation . This bulge can then swell and rupture as pressure builds , releasing blood around the brain .
Aneurysms are most prevalent in people 35 to 60 years old , the foundation says , and an estimated 6 million people in the United States have an unruptured brain aneurysm . Of the people who experience a rupture , 40 percent will die , and 66 percent of those who survive will experience neurological problems .
Danny Farquhar Ed Zurga/Getty
He is expected to remain at Rush University Medical Center for the next few weeks , the White Sox told PEOPLE .
Following news of his hospitalization , teams and players paid tribute to Farquhar by hanging his jersey in locker rooms or writing his name on gear , as Minnesota Twins pitcher Jake Odorizzi did during a game against the New York Yankees .
Jake Odorizzi has `` FARQ '' on his hat for Danny Farquhar pic.twitter.com/ZN5pVoHP4z — Kenny Ducey ( @ KennyDucey ) April 23 , 2018
Farquhar has three children—spanning from an infant to a 6-year-old—with his wife , Alexandria , whom he has known since high school .
“ This certainly shows the fragility of life and how we take every day for granted , ” White Sox president Williams told USA Today . “ And it can change in a heartbeat . Literally . ”
COLUMBUS , Ohio — The San Jose Sharks took advantage of its power plays and a Columbus scoring slump to get a needed win .
Kevin Labanc and Logan Couture each had a goal and an assist , and Martin Jones stopped 28 shots to lift the Sharks to a 3-1 win over the Blue Jackets on Friday night , snapping a four-game skid .
The Sharks ' first two goals came on power plays , with Labanc getting a wide-open look at the net with a 5-on-3 advantage in the second period . Marc-Edouard Vlasic also scored for San Jose .
`` The power play has been the key for us for the last 2 1/2 months , '' San Jose coach Peter DeBoer said . `` The one thing we have is a lot of options there . We have a lot of guys who are comfortable on the power play , and they 're playing with a lot of confidence right now . ''
Sergei Bobrovsky had 25 saves for the Blue Jackets , who have lost two in a row and five of their last seven . Boone Jenner had the lone goal as Columbus continues to have trouble finding the back of the net . The team has scored two or fewer goals in regulation in 11 of the last 12 games .
`` We just have no rhythm offensively , '' Blue Jackets coach John Tortorella said .
Couture tallied 5:07 into the game with the Blue Jackets ' Matt Calvert in the penalty box for tripping . Couture got his 22nd goal of the season when he snapped a shot from the high slot over the glove of Bobrovsky , who was shielded by 6-foot-5 defenceman Brent Burns .
Jenner tied the score 4:30 into the second period with his fifth goal of the season and first in 13 games when he rifled a shot off the bar from the top of the left circle .
Columbus was victimized on another power play at 10:20 in the second when Labanc scored from 15 feet out while Seth Jones and Nick Foligno served penalties . Tororella was so angry that he benched Foligno , the Blue Jackets ' captain , for the rest of the period and much of the third .
Tortorella said the punishment did n't result from just the untimely penalty . `` It was a few other things , '' he said , but declined to discuss it any further .
An explosion rocks Austria 's main gas pipeline hub at Baumgarten east of Vienna , police say
Published 5:07 PM , December 12 , 2017
VIENNA , Austria – An explosion rocked Austria 's main gas pipeline hub at Baumgarten east of Vienna on Tuesday , December 12 , police said , with one unconfirmed media report saying 60 people were hurt .
`` An explosion occurred at 8:45 am ( 0745 GMT ) , followed by a fire . Things are under control but according to preliminary reports there are several people injured , '' police spokesman Edmund Tragschitz told Agence France-Presse .
The Kronen-Zeitung daily reported on its website that 60 people were hurt and that several fire brigades from the surrounding area were called in .
The cause of the incident was not immediately clear .
The Baumgarten gas hub is Austria 's largest reception point and the main distribution hub for natural gas imports from Russia , Norway and other countries .
Located near Austria 's eastern border with Slovakia , it is also one of Europe 's most important gas hubs , handling some 40 billion cubic metres per year . – Rappler.com
When CREEPERS hit on you , at the club or even at your family reunion , do n't give them your REAL PHONE NUMBER… give them the Loser Line Number . They 'll call us and leave us a nice weird little message that we can play ON THE AIR !
Kate Upton is gracing the cover of the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue for the third time , and she looks better than ever thanks to her dedicated fitness routine .
“ I found a training plan that really works for my body , ” Upton , 24 , told PEOPLE in December . “ I love feeling strong , and strength training has really changed my body . ”
Upton works out five to six days a week for at least an hour each time with her trainer Ben Bruno .
A typical workout session begins with a warm-up , which can include foam rolling and stretching , lateral band walks ( walking from side to side with a resistance band around the knees ) and lunges .
The warm-up is followed by a circuit-based strength-training workout , in which Upton does a series of three or four strength-building moves without rest in between . The circuits can include moves such as weighted hip-thrusts ( Upton uses 200 lbs . for hers ! ) , TRX rows , single-leg Romanian deadlifts and a body saw for core stability . She cycles through the moves without rest , which provides a cardio component as well .
Upton 's workout ends with conditioning exercises , such as weighted sled pushes and pulls , and rowing .
“ One of they key tenets of my program is progressive overload , ” Bruno previously told PEOPLE . “ We do slow increases over time , so you build gradually . It 's important to always strive to be better , whether that 's with more weights or reps or moving to a harder exercise . With Kate we do all three at different points , so we 've gradually built up . ”
Upton can now deadlift over 200 lbs. , do sled pushes with 500 lbs. , and do bear crawls with 300 lbs .
“ She 's insanely strong , ” says Bruno . “ Stronger than a lot of athletes I train ! ”
Upton has also become more disciplined about her diet .
“ On the diet front , I 've learned balance , ” she said . “ For example , rather than having wine and doughnuts , you can have wine or doughnuts . ”
Eating a donut while working out… I 'm playing for the tie # donuts # balance 🍩🍩🍩🍩 A post shared by Kate Upton ( @ kateupton ) on Apr 22 , 2016 at 11:05am PDT
And on occasion she even has a doughnut while working out !
VOL . 41 | NO . 49 | Friday , December 08 , 2017
NASHVILLE ( AP ) — State officials are planning a groundbreaking ceremony for the new Tennessee State Museum .
According to a news release from the Tennessee secretary of state , the event will take place Monday afternoon at the future site of the museum in Nashville .
Among the officials expected to attend are Tennessee Secretary of State Tre Hargett , Gov . Bill Haslam , Senate Speaker Randy McNally , House Speaker Beth Harwell and Tennessee State Librarian and Archivist Chuck Sherrill .
Haslam and lawmakers secured $ 120 million in the 2015-2016 state budget for the museum , with $ 40 million extra to be raised .
Officials have said the fundraising campaign has already yielded more than $ 25 million in donations by corporations , foundations and individuals .
The new museum is set to open in late 2018 .
Manchester City goalkeeper Claudio Bravo could miss the remaining five games of the season after sustaining an injury in Thursday 's 0-0 Premier League draw with rivals Manchester United .
Chilean Bravo was carried off on a stretcher in the 79th minute and replaced by Willy Caballero .
`` Of course he has an injury , probably [ out ] for some weeks , '' manager Pep Guardiola said after the game . `` I do n't know if he will be available again this season . ''
Fourth-placed City , a point and a place above United , travel to relegation-threatened Middlesbrough on Sunday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
FILE PHOTO - James Howell is shown in this booking photo from the Santa Monica Police Department after he was arrested with guns and explosives in his car in Santa Monica , California , U.S. June 12 , 2016 . Santa Monica Police Department/Handout via Reuters/File Photo
LOS ANGELES An Indiana man arrested on his way to a Los Angeles-area gay pride parade last year after police found three assault rifles and potentially explosive chemicals in his car has pleaded not guilty to weapons charges .
James Wesley Howell was arrested only hours after a gunman killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Florida , but police said they found no connection between Howell and the Orlando mass shooting .
He entered his plea on Tuesday in Los Angeles County Superior Court to unlawful possession of an assault weapon , importing large firearms magazines , possession of a destructive device and carrying a loaded gun in a car , according to court records .
Howell was arrested June 12 after police officers responded to a call from a member of the public and found him sitting in a white Acura sedan with the firearms , Santa Monica police said last year.b
He also had a five-gallon ( 19-liter ) bucket with chemicals that could be used to make an explosive device , police said after his arrest .
Howell told police he was on his way to the LA Pride Festival in West Hollywood , a small municipality bordering Los Angeles . Police said he made no mention of what he planned to do at the parade .
Howell , who faces a sentence of more than nine years in prison if convicted , has been held in jail on $ 2 million bail since his arrest . He is due back in court on April 27 .
A Los Angeles judge earlier this month found sufficient evidence to hold him for trial , according to court records .
Last year , prosecutors in Clark County , Indiana , where Howell lived at the time , charged him with molesting a 12-year old child , Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull said by phone .
Indiana authorities brought the charge against Howell one day after he was charged with weapons offences in California . Authorities had been investigating the molestation allegation for about two weeks prior to pressing charges , Mull said .
Howell appeared to have left for California after learning he was under investigation in Indiana , Mull said . Authorities plan to have Howell sent to his home state to face the child molestation charge after the conclusion of his criminal case in California .
A Los Angeles prosecutor could not immediately be reached for further comment on Wednesday . Reuters was not immediately able to identify a legal representative for Howell .
( Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis ; Editing by Patrick Enright and Andrew Hay )
'The Boss Baby ' squanders so much of its promise all for gags , giggles and easy entertainment '
Believe it or not , there 's actual promise to the premise of The Boss Baby , the Dreamworks cartoon about an infant , voiced rather lazily by Alec Baldwin , who does n't just talk , but barks orders like the stereotypical corporate bully .
Love as a limited resource
In the cartoon , the world is a place where love is a limited resource and companies are creating new products to take the lion 's share of the pie .
We first see the titular character in the baby factory being separated from the rest of the family-bound babies to be delivered to one of the thousands of cubicles meant for babies with an acumen for business . He is then sent by his bosses to live with the family of seven-and-a-half year old Tim ( Miles Christopher Bakshi ) to stop rival Puppy Co. from releasing its new breed of puppies , which are bound to take over the babies ' share of love around the world .
In his effort to save his company 's market share in worldwide affection , he goes about his business of being the needy baby of the family , which means Tim , who used to have his parents ' sole attention , is left without all the care he has gotten used to .
The first half of the cartoon is mostly a series of silly skits that has Tim and the baby outmaneuvering each other . It can be amusing depending on one 's tolerance for animated hijinks and goofiness .
Generic territory
In some absurd way , the cartoon 's conceit of using corporate greed and protectionism within a familial setting works to elevate the rather simplistic plot of siblings needing to cooperate for the greater good .
Sadly , it does n't really make most of the concept . The cartoon is content being cute and corny . It wastes its very clever concept by reducing it into just a running gag instead of being a subtle commentary on current events or even contemporary corporate society , but that is probably too much to expect out of children 's entertainment churned out by soulless Hollywood .
So the cartoon quickly spirals downwards into generic territory when it steps out of the household and becomes just another adventure to beat the bad guy and learn a lesson along the way . There seems to be no effort made to distinguish The Boss Baby from all the other cartoons that has come before it .
It has the same gloss . It has the same harmless appeal , the same banter , and the same banal humor .
Squandered promises
The Boss Baby squanders so much of its promise all for gags , giggles and easy entertainment . It only purports to humorously offend but in reality , it champions being average , being safe , and being absolutely forgettable amidst all the other cartoons that resemble it . – Rappler.com
Francis Joseph Cruz litigates for a living and writes about cinema for fun . The first Filipino movie he saw in the theaters was Carlo J. Caparas ' 'Tirad Pass . ' Since then , he 's been on a mission to find better memories with Philippine cinema .
SURFER Magazine is pleased to announce that Berdels of Santa Cruz has officially secured a spot in the Oakley Surf Shop Challenge National Championship event at Playa Colorado in Nicaragua .
Conditions could n't have been better for the Oakley Surf Shop Challenge Northwest regional qualifier with calm winds and an easing SSW swell producing consistent 4-6ft+ waves at Pleasure Point in Santa Cruz , CA . With great waves forecasted for the duration of the event , contest director Darren Brilhart modified the preliminary heat format and allowed all ten competing teams to surf twice as they searched for a score to make the final cut .
Five teams took to the water for the final heat and within five seconds Berdels team rider Cole Sandman had secured a 7.83 . Tagging in next from the Berdels squad was team rider Chad Underhill who whammied an 8.67 on his first wave doubling the score to a 17.34 . Channel Islands Santa Barbara was closing in with solid scores from their first two surfers but once Berdels third surfer , Tyler Smith , locked an 8.77 the team was well on their way to their first win at a Surf Shop Challenge regional qualifier .
Clearly ecstatic about the win , Berdels team captain and shop founder Bubb Rader said `` The finals was sort of like the moon landing , it 's something that the whole world is digesting right now . '' Continuing on , he provided a highly entertaining wave-by-wave finals recap and then belted at the top of his lungs , `` And now we 're going to Nicaragua ! YEAH ! ''
All Photos by Van Swae
Congratulations to Berdels team members Cole Sandman , Chad Underhill , Tyler Smith , and Bubb Rader on taking the Northwest win and securing the highest heat total of 2018 with a 37.81 in the final .
Up next is the West regional qualifier at 54th or 56th Street in Newport , CA in Santa Cruz , CA . An official call has yet to be made for competition during the June 7-8 waiting period .
Here is the full # SURFSHOPCHALLENGE 2018 schedule & waiting period :
2018 Oakley Surf Shop Challenge Schedule
May 16 - Southeast - New Smyrna Beach Inlet , New Smyrna Beach , FL WINNER : Sunrise Surf Shop
- New Smyrna Beach Inlet , New Smyrna Beach , FL May 22 - Southwest - Seaside Reef , Cardiff , CA WINNER : Surf Ride Oceanside
- Seaside Reef , Cardiff , CA May 24 - Northwest - Pleasure Point , Santa Cruz , CA WINNER : Berdels
- Pleasure Point , Santa Cruz , CA June 7/8 - West - 54 th or 56 th Street , Newport Beach , CA
- 54 or 56 Street , Newport Beach , CA July 12/13 - Hawaii - Ala Moana Bowls , South Shore , HI
- Ala Moana Bowls , South Shore , HI August 14/15 - Mid-Atlantic - Outer Banks , Nags Head , NC
- Outer Banks , Nags Head , NC October 22-26 - National Championship - Playa Colorado , Rivas , Nicaragua
For the full results and round totals , click here .
The unique event series , which has been running since the 1980s , puts four-man surf shop teams ( two sponsored surfers and two shop employees ) against each other . The winning team from each of the six regional qualifiers will win an all-expense-paid trip to compete in the National Championship at Playa Colorado in Rivas , Nicaragua for a chance to win a cash prize package and the ultimate title of America 's Most Core Surf Shop .
With the trade deadline on Thursday , Cleveland might need to make a major move to have any chance of getting back to its fourth straight Finals . This group is n't getting it done .
Lue said it would be a `` team challenge '' to slow down Harden .
`` 'You have to show him different looks , '' Lue said before the game . `` I just do n't think you can let a great player get comfortable showing him the same kind of defensive schemes . You 've got to mix it up to keep him off balance , just try to make him make field goals and not free throws . ''
Early on , Cleveland tried several players on Harden , but Paul did the damage . He made three 3-pointers in the first quarter , helping ignite the Rockets and push them to a 14-point lead .
Houston opened the second quarter with three more 3s — the Rockets started 8 of 12 behind the arc — and when Anderson drained another 3-pointer , the Rockets ' lead had swelled to 48-23 .
TIP-INS
Rockets : Harden , who went 1 for 11 on 3s , tweaked his ankle in the third quarter , but stayed in . ... Attempted 51 3-pointers , making 19 — the most ever against the Cavs . ... Paul passed Andre Miller ( 8,624 ) for ninth place on the career assists list . ... G Eric Gordon ( lower back stiffness ) missed his second consecutive game , but coach Mike D'Antoni expects the team 's second-leading scorer to play Tuesday in Brooklyn . ... Paul is closing in on 2,000 career steals . When he reaches the plateau , he 'll join Gary Payton , Jason Kidd and John Stockton as the only players with 8,000 assists and 2,000 steals .
Cavaliers : Love met with reporters before the game and acknowledged he 's `` still down '' after suffering his third broken hand in 10 seasons . He said the previous two times he recovered more quickly than expected . ... Dwyane Wade passed Payton ( 21,813 ) points and moved into 32nd place on the career list . .. General manager Koby Altman was back in plenty of time for tip-off after attending the St. John's-Duke game in New York . The No . 4 Blue Devils were upset at Madison Square Garden .
UP NEXT
Rockets : Visit Brooklyn on Tuesday .
Cavaliers : At Orlando on Tuesday , starting a stretch of four of five games on the road before the All-Star break .
By Tom Withers , The Associated Press
The `` open-concept '' custom designed homes are ultra-modern and functional , ranging from about 1,300 to 1,800 square feet
`` Each unit has its own personality , '' said Curran . `` Each one has its own colours , details and materials . ''
They are all impressive ; bright and spacious with `` generous '' windows , massive glass doors to access side and rear gardens , 12- to 14-foot ceilings accented by multiple skylights to allow natural light to cascade throughout each home . Exposed Douglas fir timber and massive posts are a striking composition as you walk past sprawling `` gallery walls '' meant to showcase art .
`` The industrial windows , the glass blocks , the garage doors , the raw metal doors with ( Brantford artist ) Dave Hinds ' fabulous painting finishes to it are all things we think fit the building , '' said Curran . `` There 's lots of exposed steel , the floors are all wood … All of them have French limestone and glass tiles and unusual plumbing fixtures and lighting you would n't see in a typical house . ''
Each unit also incorporates natural wood burning fireplaces with built-in concrete hearths , a touch Curran said was an essential detail .
`` Fire in every unit , because fire and water are really important to me . We try to put them in every building we do . ''
The kitchens are roomy and practical with massive `` floating style '' custom millwork islands and wall cabinets . Natural stone countertops draw the eye towards the oversized pantries and storage drawers with built-in stacking laundry machines .
The largest unit , No . 11 , has a few bonus features including a brick safe that has been converted into a wine cellar . A roll-up garage door opens to a front deck . A raw steel staircase with maple treads leads you to a small writer 's loft that connects to a rooftop terrace . On the other side of the bathroom , an unexpected element — an outdoor shower with a fenced enclosure that can be used all year .
`` These lemons you turn into lemonade are these ugly ducklings you turn into a neighbourhood landmark , '' said Curran . `` We 're trying to get people stimulated to think about the possibilities . ''
A realtor priced units No . 7 and No . 9 at $ 699.99 , and unit No . 11 at $ 999.11 partly to be `` funny , '' said Curran , but also to reflect the market value of the area .
`` The mortgage rules are intended to take people on the entry level of the market , to be a little bit more responsible and sane in their purchases , '' said Curran . `` We 're not at entry level properties . ''
`` What we 're trying to do is raise the bar on architecture in town , '' he added . `` I built these like I would live in any of them . ''
Warming temperatures are resulting in less sea ice out on the Arctic Ocean . But when it comes to if and how that change is affecting marine life — there are a lot of unanswered questions .
Researchers have published a new paper that adds a little more to what we know about how beluga whales are navigating their changing habitat . It 's based on data scientists got from tracking two groups of belugas in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas during the summer and fall between 1993 and 2012 . They learned where the belugas went and how deep they dove for food .
One of the things that changed in those 20 years is sea ice : in the earlier part of that period there was more , and in the later part there was less .
Robert Suydam is one of the co-authors of the study , and a senior wildlife biologist for the North Slope Borough 's Department of Wildlife Management .
“ The big results are that beluga whales like to use the same areas over , and over , and over again regardless of what the ice conditions are like , ” Suydam said .
He says the researchers think what that means is — so far at least — changing ice conditions are n't changing belugas ' ability to get the food they need .
“ Which is kind of a good perspective . You know if belugas are n't negatively impacted at least at this point… the changes in the ice maybe are n't going to negatively impact them as much as maybe some of us… thought they might , ” Suydam said .
Another big observation scientists made was that the Chukchi group of whales did start diving deeper for food in later years when there was less ice . That could mean that whales are seeing more opportunities to feed , which is keeping them underwater longer . Or that their food is deeper than it used to be .
“ We do n't know what that means ; we do n't know if it 's a shift in their prey , ” said Suydam . “ We do n't know if there 's something else that 's going on that has caused them to do this . ”
Either way , it 's not necessarily a bad thing .
Suydam says that even though this data suggests that belugas are n't being negatively impacted by the loss of sea ice now , we really do n't know what things will look like in 10 , 20 or 30 years . He says scientists will need to keep a close watch so they can help inform policies on everything from development , to shipping routes , to subsistence hunting in a changing arctic .
This year 's workshop will be participated by around 70 youth from the 10 ASEAN Member States , Korea , China , and Japan
Published 5:28 PM , July 04 , 2018
This is a press release from the ASEAN-Korea Centre .
The ASEAN-Korea Centre ( Secretary General Lee Hyuk ) will hold the ‘ 2018 ASEAN-Korea Youth Network Workshop ' in Seoul , Korea , and Manila , the Philippines from July 2 to 11 .
It will be participated by around 70 youth from the 10 ASEAN Member States , Korea , China , and Japan .
ASEAN youth participants were selected in cooperation with the ASEAN Embassies in Korea , and Chinese and Japanese youth participants were selected through consultation with the ASEAN-China Centre and the ASEAN-Japan Centre .
During the 10-day workshop , participants will attend various lectures given by experts on the implications of digitalization at different levels ( international , regional , national , provincial ) and in different sectors ( politics and security , economy , society and culture ) , visit digital centers and companies in Korea and the Philippines , and take part in cultural exchange and team-building activities which will enable them to become drivers of global digitalization and build networks .
“ Young people below 35 represent 65 percent of ASEAN 's total population . They are leaders in digitalization with extensive usage of smartphones and strong technological adaptability . As the world moves toward fully embracing the 4th Industrial Revolution , it is necessary to equip them with skills and knowledge that will help them thrive in the digital economy industry , '' said Lee Hyuk , Secretary General of the ASEAN-Korea Centre said .
`` The Korea Program will provide an opportunity for ASEAN youth to experience and learn digitalization which is embedded in the lives of Korean people . In turn , the Philippines Program is expected to help Korean , Chinese , and Japanese youth gain first-hand insight on innovation and digitalization of ASEAN . I hope that both programs will give momentum for the participating youth to contribute to the successful digitalization and mutual prosperity in East Asia , '' he added .
The workshop will be comprised of the Korea Program from July 2 to 6 and the Philippines Program from July 7 to 12 .
During the Korea Program , co-organized with Seoul National University Asia Center ( SNUAC ) , participants will attend lectures on various topics such as the ASEAN and Korea relations , global trends in digitalization , as well as implications of digitalization on Korea and ASEAN . Moreover , they will meet with Park Won-soon , the Mayor of Seoul City which adopted digital technology in running the city , and visit Samsung D'Light , Digital Media City , and VR Theme Park to experience digitalization of Korea . In addition , they will not only explore Korean culture by watching traditional performances and wearing traditional clothes but also produce and present a team video under the theme of ‘ digitalization of Korea . '
The Philippines program , co-organized with the University of the Philippines Asian Center , will enable the participants to learn from the lectures on topics like the implications of digitalization in ASEAN and the Philippines and visit Acudeen , a fintech company that partners with SMEs and streamlines their payment systems , and Rappler , a social news network operating in the Philippines and Indonesia . Moreover , participants will be provided with opportunities to meet with officials from companies like QBO Innovation Hub and Google on the topic of ‘ Entrepreneurship and Innovation , ' visit Filipino cultural heritages such as ‘ Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar ' and ‘ Intramuros , ' and experience traditional culture . They will also give team presentations on policy proposal for digitalization and meet with Han Dong-man , the Korean Ambassador to the Philippines .
The ASEAN-Korea Youth Network Workshop has been annually held since 2012 . In line with the major global agenda , it was organized under the theme of environment in the last 5 years and will be held under the theme of science , technology , and innovation and digitalization for the next 5 years starting this year . – Rappler.com
A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN Rick Sanchez Can Get Schwifty And Start Chaos In 'GTA V '
Wubba-lubba-dub-dubbing your way through Los Santos , `` Rick and Morty '' -style ? Sounds great to us .
Researches have long known that most killers share the same personality traits . So , Author David Jester has been researching which astrological signs serial killers are most likely to be . After two years of research , he has come to a couple conclusions !
× Ballard lifeguard charged with filming in women 's locker room
BALLARD , Wash. – Prosecutors said a 19-year-old lifeguard told police he set up a video recording in the women 's locker room because his girlfriend was gone and he “ has needs . ”
Rory Hendrik Carlson was charged with attempted voyeurism for the February incident at the Ballard Pool .
According to charging documents , another employee noticed a pile of clothes on the floor of the women 's staff locker room . She went to pick them up , and figured out they were supporting an iPhone that was actively recording .
She said the when she played it back , it showed Carlson backing away from the phone and looked like he was watching to make sure it did n't fall over .
The woman took the phone , called her boss and then called the police . Soon , Carlson complained that he 'd lost his phone and staff members pretended to look for it until the police showed up .
Court documents say detectives could n't access what was on the phone without the lock code , and “ as a result , the defendant is charged at this time with only attempted voyeurism . ”
Carlson is scheduled to be arraigned April 27 .
When you 're heading to a three-day music festival in the middle of the California desert , one would think to pack sensible separates and comfortable , well-ventilated shoes for all concert-going activities . But instead stars choose fashion over function , wearing some of the most over-the-top pieces imaginable ( like sequin bras , snakeskin mini skirts and furry coats ) . And the price tags are even harder to believe .
We spotted some ridiculously expensive sunglasses ( # practical ) , custom bedazzled jackets ( it was 90° in Indio , California , over the weekend ) and more remarkably pricey pieces that we 're bringing to your attention below .
`` I ca n't go home yet , cuz enough people ai n't seen my outfit `` A post shared by badgalriri ( @ badgalriri ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 1:01am PDT
Rihanna attended Coachella wearing head-to-toe Gucci totaling $ 8,480 , because she 's Rihanna and she can . She chose an all-over crystal embroidered mesh top ( $ 3,200 ) , matching all-over crystal embroidered mesh leggings ( $ 3,980 ) , a white Gucci Print & Common Sense by Coco Capitan jersey tank top ( $ 450 ) and stone bleach washed denim hot pants ( $ 850 ) all from the fall 2017 collection — and they 're not even available until later this year .
And because she did n't think enough people got a glimpse of her high-glam , high-priced ensemble , she Instagrammed a photo writing , “ ca n't go home yet , cuz enough people ai n't seen my outfit . ”
phresh out . A post shared by badgalriri ( @ badgalriri ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 11:48am PDT
Then shared one more photo for good measure showing off the matching face mask .
Rock star vibes ✌️❤️ A post shared by Alessandra Ambrosio ( @ alessandraambrosio ) on Apr 15 , 2017 at 6:34pm PDT
Alessandra Ambrosio thought the best place to show off her $ 1,500 customized biker jacket from The Mighty Company was in the desert in oven-temperature heat . And we do n't disagree .
RELATED PHOTOS : Every Can't-Miss Celebrity Outfit at Coachella ( From Crazy-Cool to Hotter Than the Desert )
Keep Palm & Carry On . @ mcmworldwide @ thezoereport # zoeasis # mcmstyle A post shared by Kate Bosworth ( @ katebosworth ) on Apr 15 , 2017 at 3:47pm PDT
Kate Bosworth got a little more practical , opting for comfortable Birkenstock-style sandals… that just happen to be made by Roger Vivier and cost $ 1,250 .
We appreciate that Katy Perry tried to beat the heat , but it 's up to you to decide if her Thai Nguyen Atelier spring 2017 sequin dress worn over a matching bandeau and hot pants ( which altogether totals $ 1,800 ) was really the way to go .
We should have known Hailey Baldwin would n't be caught at Coachella without her favorite Ippolita hoop earrings . She 's been wearing them for weeks , and they clock in at a very festival-appropriate $ 1,295 ( let 's just hope she does n't lose one in the desert ) .
Coachella day 2 💋 @ joansmalls 💋 A post shared by Chanel Iman ( @ chaneliman ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 1:10pm PDT
Most people do n't invest in accessories that have a tendency to get left behind in taxicabs , but Chanel Iman is not most people . She opted for sunglasses from Linda Farrow that go for a cool $ 1,215 .
🚀🚀 A post shared by Kylie ( @ kyliejenner ) on Apr 13 , 2017 at 3:24pm PDT
And finally , Kylie Jenner tried her hand at festival glam , traveling to the desert in a pair of printed Vetements x Reebok sneakers which retail for $ 760 .
What do you think about these pricey pieces ?
A look at what 's happening all around the majors Saturday :
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray ( 15-5 , 2.89 ERA , 218 Ks ) in Game 2 of the NL Division Series at 9:08 p.m. EDT . Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season , going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings . He even went 5 for 12 ( .417 ) at the plate with two RBIs . But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona 's wild-card win over Colorado , so it will be interesting to see how fresh he looks . Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill ( 12-8 , 3.32 ) , who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year . He was 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall .
ARMS RACE
After a well-pitched opener , it 's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of the NL Division Series between the Cubs and Nationals at 5:38 p.m. EDT . Jon Lester ( 13-8 ) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez ( 15-9 ) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because he tweaked his right hamstring in his last regular-season outing . Gonzalez said he had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until he was told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2 . Lester won his final two starts , allowing one run over 11 innings , after compiling an 8.22 ERA in his previous five games .
TAKE A BREAK
Boston 's pitchers get a breather after being battered around by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS , and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday 's extra-innings showdown . Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins , including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday . The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday . New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
From New York to New Mexico , July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common .
Max Suzuki participates in Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York . ( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP )
Americans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation . For others , a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday .
From New York to New Mexico , July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common . Festivities are as elaborate as Macy 's July Fourth fireworks show , as gulp-worthy as Nathan 's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues . But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American , there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation 's capital .
The country 's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS ' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol 's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House , which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service 's fireworks show . Both shows feature different “ American Idol ” alums .
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to “ tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities. ” PBS declined to comment .
In New York , the Macy 's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and “ ahhhh , ” plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson , Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC 's broadcast . Earlier , competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island , televised by ESPN .
Meanwhile , some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger , and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics . But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs .
In Boston , the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten , the Indigo Girls , Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno . It 's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites .
Related : FBI arrest man in alleged July 4 attack plan in Cleveland
Related : Trudeau , NATO leaders gearing up for defence spending debate with Trump
In another July Fourth tradition , new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country .
They 'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost . For Brad Messier , a chef in Portland , Maine , the holiday “ seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have . ”
“ How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together ? ” he asks .
But in rural Shelby County , Alabama , retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America .
“ I love the holiday because it 's our independence , ” he said .
Tomorrow , families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July . As we do , we will think of the men & women serving overseas at this very moment , far away from their families , protecting America – & we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES ! pic.twitter.com/FQ1D7oEta2 — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 4 , 2018
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
JONESBORO , Ark . — Deven Simms had 24 points to help Arkansas State hold off Georgia Southern for a 91-89 win in Sun Belt Conference action on Saturday night .
Arkansas State avenged its 80-49 loss on Georgia State 's home floor in early January .
It came down to which team made the last free throw . The teams combined for 61 fouls . Ike Smith scored the final field goal of the night when he slammed home a dunk as the Eagles closed to 85-83 with 2:41 remaining .
Simms made his seventh and final free throw for a 90-87 lead with 16 seconds left .
March 30 North Arrow Minerals Inc
* North Arrow to sell Contwoyto project , Nunavut
* North Arrow Minerals- Entered agreement with Crystal Exploration Inc under which Crystal will acquire North Arrow 's 100 % interest in Contwoyto project
* North Arrow Minerals Inc - deal for consideration of $ 100,000 in cash and 1 million shares of crystal Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 5 Net Element Inc
* Announces that its PayOnline subsidiary has launched Apple Pay support in Russia Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SHANGHAI , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Chinese stocks fell in early trade on Friday , with small-cap firms struggling and trading suspended in a slew of companies , amid concerns about a pending wave of margin calls and as some announced share purchase schemes to bolster fading confidence .
The CSI300 index fell 0.3 percent to 4,235.33 points at 0209 GMT , while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.8 percent to 3,420.85 points .
ChiNext , China 's Nasdaq-style start-up board , opened roughly 0.8 percent lower , but erased losses within 15 minutes of trading . Still , the gauge is heading toward its worst weekly loss in 21 months , and threatens to plumb three-year lows .
ChiNext volatility appears to have dampened sentiment in the broader market .
Trading in at least 20 companies was suspended on Friday in an apparent effort to avoid margin calls .
Meanwhile , major shareholders of a growing list of companies have announced plans to buy shares in their firms , stirring memories of the 2015 stock market crash that sent shockwaves across global financial markets . ( Samuel Shen and John Ruwtich ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday ( April 17 ) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince 's Paisley Park estate following his untimely death .
Related : Prince 's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants do n't confirm the source of the drug , fentanyl , that led to the 57-year-old singer 's accidental , self-administered overdose last April , according to The Star Tribune .
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince 's name , however , Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives he had written a prescription for oxycodone , which is also an opioid , under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson .
Between April 21 and Sept. 19 , 2016 , Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince 's death with a total of 11 search warrants .
But 'fees for transactions other than peso deposits and withdrawals will take effect on September 1 , 2018 , as previously announced '
Published 7:45 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Bank of the Philippines Islands ( BPI ) announced on Wednesday , July 4 , that it would move the implementation of peso cash deposit and withdrawal fees from September 2018 to January 2019 .
These are the fees covered by the suspended implementation :
P50 inter-region cash deposit fee ( inter-region transactions are those made at branches other than the branch of account , and in another region , such as Metro Manila to Ilocos )
P100 inter-region withdrawal fee
P100 fee for over-the-counter withdrawals of accounts with ATM cards
In a statement , BPI said the postponement `` will give our clients enough time to be more familiar with our other existing Bank Anywhere facilities via our online and electronic channels . ''
But BPI noted that `` fees for transactions other than peso deposits and withdrawals will take effect on September 1 , 2018 , as previously announced . ''
These other fees are :
Check encashment
Branch of account - free
Metro Manila - P100 per check
Intra-region - P100 per check ( transactions made at branches other than the branch of account , but within the same region , such as Metro Manila to Metro Manila )
Inter-region - P100 per check
Foreign currency cash deposits
US dollars - P0.10 per $ 1 or a fraction thereof
Non-US dollar currencies ( 3rd currency ) - P0.10 per $ 1 equivalent or a fraction thereof
Checkbook
Personal - P250
Corporate - P500
Manager 's check - P75
Demand draft - P550
Bank certification - P200
Statement of account ( SOA ) printing - P50 per page
Safety deposit box ( SDB ) rental - P2,000 to P6,000 per year , which varies depending on box size
– Rappler.com
Gurley 's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes sparked an equally impressive reversal of fortunes by his team , which won the NFC West at 11-5 .
`` The Saints got the rookies and we took home the offensive and defensive '' player awards , '' Gurley noted . `` It just tells you the type of players we have on the team . We all help each other out , absolutely . We have some talent , but we 're nothing without the whole nine yards and everybody together . And we also have a coach who 's up for Coach of the Year . ''
A little while later , McVay was handed the coaching award .
In his first season running a team and as the youngest head coach in NFL history , McVay led the Rams to a seven-game improvement . McVay , who turned 32 on Jan. 24 , ran away with the voting with 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota 's Mike Zimmer .
`` What it means is we had a good season that I think we can build on , '' McVay said . `` But you have to earn it every single day . It 's a very humbling league . ''
The Rams ' hat trick of awards was not unprecedented . In 2003 , Baltimore 's Ray Lewis was top defensive player , Jamal Lewis won the best offensive player , and Terrell Suggs was Defensive Rookie of the Year . And in 1999 , the St. Louis Rams had three award winners : Kurt Warner ( MVP ) , Marshall Faulk ( Offensive Player ) and Dick Vermeil ( Coach ) .
New Orleans ' sweep of the rookie awards was the first since 1967 , when Detroit running back Mel Farr and cornerback Lem Barney were honoured . That was the first season for the top defensive rookie award .
`` You get caught up in the season , you do n't really get time to pat yourself on the back , '' Kamara said . `` But when the season is over you realize what you 've done . I 've kind of had to time to look back and say , I made some history this season . ''
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South . He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average , and scored eight times . He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards , with five touchdowns .
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected , Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints went 11-5 . He had five interceptions and 18 passes defenced in 13 games , was a sure tackler and , by midseason , was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid . He missed three games , one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury .
Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win the comeback honour . Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue , then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL . There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again .
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career . Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns . He was targeted 159 times , nearly 10 per game .
The awards were announced Saturday night at NFL Honors , when Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt received the league 's Walter Payton Award as man of the year . Watt , in his seventh NFL season and a three-time Defensive Player of the Year , had the goal of raising $ 200,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief in Houston . His fundraising did a whole lot more , bringing in an incredible $ 37 million in 19 days .
`` I 've been fortunate to be on this stage and to win Defensive Player of the Year awards , but everything that you do on the field pales in comparison to what you do off the field , '' Watt said . `` And at the end of my life , if I 'm remembered as a football player and a good football player and that 's all I 'm remembered for , then I did a poor job in my life . When I go to my grave I want to be remembered as a guy who helped people out and who tried to do as much as he could off the field to be the best man he could be . I 'm trying to make my family proud and my fans proud , and go out there and just be the best person I can be and leave the world a little bit better . ''
___
AP Pro Football Writers Josh Dubow and Arnie Stapleton contributed .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Barry Wilner , The Associated Press
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $ 472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $ 150,000 and $ 200,000 .
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining , titled `` Hot Day in Kensington Market , '' is one of 21 works in Kurelek 's `` Toronto '' series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family .
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek , `` Hauling Hay , '' fetched $ 94,400 .
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night 's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort , whose piece `` Smokestacks , Copper Cliff '' sold for $ 33,040 , which was six times its estimate of $ 3,000 and $ 5,000 .
LOS ANGELES | A semi-automatic handgun went off accidentally inside the backpack of a 12-year-old girl in a Los Angeles middle school classroom , sending a single bullet tearing through the wrist of another girl before hitting a boy in the head , police said Friday .
Los Angeles police spokesman Josh Rubenstein said detectives are trying to figure out where the girl got the gun , which was unregistered , and why she brought it to school . It was n't clear what made it fire .
The girl , who was taken into custody minutes after the shooting , has retained an attorney and is n't answering questions , Rubenstein said . She is expected to be arraigned Monday on two felony charges , including being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds , prosecutors said .
Gloria Echeverria watches as Los Angeles police officers close off a street where a shooting occurred at a middle school in Los Angeles on Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . Two students were shot inside the middle school classroom Thursday morning and police arrested a female student suspect , authorities said . ( AP Photo/Amanda Lee Myers ) Mother Elizabeth Acevedo and her son Andres , 3 , wait for news of her son Jose an eight-grader student at the Belmont High School in Los Angeles Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . Two students were shot and wounded , one critically , inside a Los Angeles middle school classroom Thursday morning and police arrested a female student suspect , authorities said . ( Damian Dovarganes ) Parents wait for news of students at the Belmont High School in Los Angeles Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . Two students were shot and wounded , one critically , inside a Los Angeles middle school classroom Thursday morning and police arrested a female student suspect , authorities said . ( Damian Dovarganes ) Los Angeles Police cordon off the Belmont High School in looked down in Los Angeles Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . Los Angeles Fire Department says 15-year-old boy wounded in middle school shooting is in critical condition . ( AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes )
Jordan Valenzuela , a 12-year-old classmate of the girl 's , told The Associated Press that he was in the room next door when the gun went off and talked to her minutes later .
“ She was crying , ” Jordan said . “ She was like , ‘ I did n't mean to . I had the gun in my backpack and I did n't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off . ' ”
Jordan said he saw a hole in the backpack , which the girl was holding , when she asked him to hide the gun for her .
“ I said ‘ No , ' ” he said . “ Then I moved away from her because I was a little bit scared . ”
The shooting sent children screaming and crying from the classroom as blood poured from the two students who were hit . Police descended on the school , which was put on lockdown , and the girl was arrested without incident .
Terrified parents rushed to the campus and waited for hours to be reunited with their children . Once they did , many children and parents sobbed as they hugged , walking from the school as they held each other .
The 15-year-old boy who was hit in the head with a bullet initially was in critical condition .
A spokesman at Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center where the children were being treated did n't respond to messages about his condition Friday , though a doctor treating the boy said he expected him to make a full recovery .
The wrist wound to the 15-year-old girl was considered minor . Three others had superficial face or head injuries , some from broken glass .
A review of shootings nationwide by The Associated Press and USA TODAY Network found that at least 141 deaths of minors were attributed to unintentional or accidental shootings in 2015 .
Most accidental shootings involve someone actually handling firearms , as opposed to guns getting dropped , said Pete Gagliardi , a former longtime agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms .
“ It 's pretty rare to hear about an incident like this , ” Gagliardi said of Thursday 's shooting .
He said the gun would n't necessarily have to have been cocked to go off in the girl 's backpack , but mostly likely would have had to have become entangled with something inside the bag for the trigger to have been pressed .
A strikingly similar shooting to Thursday 's happened just south of Los Angeles in Gardena on Jan. 18 , 2011 , when a gun went off inside a 17-year-old boy 's backpack after he set it on a desk , wounding two students with one bullet , including a girl who was shot in the head .
The teen was convicted of possessing and discharging a firearm in a school zone . He was sentenced to nine months in juvenile camp and put on probation until he turned 21 .
The Los Angeles Unified School District has a policy requiring every middle and high school campus to conduct daily random searches by metal-detector wands at different hours of the school day for students in the sixth grade and up .
Associated Press writers Christopher Weber , John Antczak , Krysta Fauria and Brian Melley in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Result from the Montreal Masters Men 's Singles Final on Sunday 4-Alexander Zverev ( Germany ) beat 2-Roger Federer ( Switzerland ) 6-3 6-4
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Larry King is denying the groping allegations that have been brought against him by Terry Richard .
On Monday , Richard , who was married to late singer and actor Eddie Fisher from 1975-76 , alleged to Daily Mail TV that King groped her on two separate occasions — once in 2005 and another time in 2006 — during baseball awards dinners at Universal Studios in Los Angeles .
In a statement obtained by PEOPLE on Monday , King , 84 , said he “ flatly and unequivocally denies these claims ” and “ intends to file suit and prove that they 're utterly false . ”
According to Richard , during the first alleged incident in 2005 , “ Larry slid his hand down from the middle of my back to putting his hand inside of my dress and it ended up with about three or four of his fingers in the crack of my ass , resting in the crack of my ass ” while they were taking a photo together .
Richard , 63 , claims the second time King allegedly sexually assaulted her , the pair was also taking a photograph together when the veteran journalist squeezed her butt so firmly that it left a bruise .
“ Larry King is a groper . He groped me twice , ” she told Daily Mail TV . “ He gets a thrill doing this in front of the camera , knowing I could n't do anything . ”
Days before the outlet published Richard 's account , an attorney for King sent a denial letter — obtained by PEOPLE — to Daily Mail .
“ We represent Larry King . I am informed that you intend to publish a statement by a woman named Terry Richards that , 10 or more years ago , Mr. King supposedly ‘ groped ' her at one or more baseball dinners , ” the letter reads .
“ That assertion is entirely and unequivocally false and defamatory . Mr. King did no such thing then or ever , ” the letter continues . “ Your publishing this false and defamatory statement will be actionable and highly damaging . ”
A rep for Daily Mail did not immediately respond to PEOPLE 's request for comment .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
April 6 Allgeier SE :
* Is negotiating with Ciber insolvency administrator about continuing the business of German Ciber companies
* Draft agreement envisages Allgeier taking over customer relationships as well as further assets
* Joint goal is to sign a contractual agreement by end of this week Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
A A
COLUMBUS , Ohio — A recent decision by a Cleveland judge to overrule a jury 's death sentence recommendation for a triple killer highlights how rare such judicial decisions are .
Research by The Associated Press found just eight additional examples of judicial overrides since Ohio 's current death penalty law took effect in 1981 . That 's compared with more than 320 death sentences handed down during the same time period .
Overriding death sentences can be politically risky for judges , who are elected in Ohio and many other states , said Doug Berman , an Ohio State University law professor and sentencing expert .
Many cases with strong evidence against capital punishment for a defendant are resolved with plea bargains before ever reaching a jury , he added . Those cases typically involve pretrial research turning up strong mitigating evidence — a horrific childhood or mental disabilities , for example — that outweigh what are called aggravating circumstances , such as the brutality of the crime .
“ It 's relatively rare a case will get to a jury verdict if it looks like there 's a pretty significant possibility that the mitigators will outweigh the aggravators , ” Berman said .
Cuyahoga County Judge Joan Synenberg cited defendant Douglas Shine Jr. 's prolonged physical and psychological abuse as a child , mental health problems and years of incarceration in sentencing him to life in prison with no chance for parole on Dec. 19 instead of accepting a jury 's recommendation for the death penalty .
Testimony during the trial 's death penalty phase showed that Shine 's early childhood was chaotic and “ characterized by persistent neglect and physical and psychological abuse , ” Synenberg said . She noted that Shine lived in youth detention facilities from age 10 to 16 followed by two years in an adult prison .
Prosecutors said Shine walked into a Warrensville Heights barber shop in February 2015 , pulled two guns from beneath his coat and opened fire , killing three people and wounding two men and a woman .
“ Unfortunately , the court gave more weight to the self-serving , unsubstantiated statements of an unrepentant , malingering mass murderer than to the overwhelming evidence that he was fully capable of planning and carrying out this diabolical attack on a crowded barbershop filled with men , women and children , ” Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Tim McGinty said following Synenberg 's ruling .
Highlights of the eight other cases in Ohio in which judges have thrown out a jury 's death sentence since the state enacted a new capital punishment law in 1981 :
1983 — A jury 's death sentence for Drewey Kiser , of Williamsport , convicted of fatally shooting Don Writsel during a robbery , was overridden by Judge Nicholas Holmes Jr. of Ross County Common Pleas Court . Holmes cited Kiser 's age , 23 ; the defendant 's lack of a significant criminal history ; mental illness ; and alcoholism . Holmes also pointed out that a death sentence would not have been proportional to the three other death sentences in Ohio at the time .
1987 — A jury 's death sentence for Alonzo Wright , of Cleveland , convicted of fatally shooting Grover Lang during a robbery , was overridden by Judge Frank J. Gorman of Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court . Gorman cited the victim 's decision to rush Wright , which apparently led to the shooting , instead of obeying Wright 's request for money .
1988 — A jury 's death sentence for John Parsons , of Worthington , convicted of shooting a man as he fled from his burning home , was overridden by Judge Dale Crawford of Franklin County Common Pleas Court . Crawford cited Parsons ' background and lack of a prior criminal record and said a death sentence would not be equivalent to five other death sentences imposed in Franklin County up to that time .
1989 — A jury 's death sentence for Eddie Robertson , of Dayton , convicted of fatally shooting Stephanie Hiatt in a 1988 robbery , was overridden by Judge William MacMillan Jr. of Montgomery County Common Pleas Court . MacMillan cited Robertson 's lack of a significant criminal history , his relative youth ( 30 ) , his pursuit of education beyond high school and the lack of an advance plan to kill anyone . MacMillan said it appeared Robertson shot Hiatt on the spur of the moment , fearing she recognized him .
1999 — A jury 's death sentence for Gregory Crawford , of Valley City , convicted of beating Gene Palmer to death during a robbery , was overridden by Judge Mark Wiest of Wayne County Common Pleas Court . Wiest cited Palmer 's age ( 37 ) , his good behavior in jail , Crawford 's strong relationship with his family , his work completing his high school degree and his religious conversion .
2000 — A jury 's death sentence for Christopher Fuller , of Hamilton , convicted of killing his 2-year-old daughter after trying to rape her , was overridden by Judge Matthew Crehan of Butler County Common Pleas Court . Crehan cited Fuller 's job supporting his family , his military service , his lack of a prior criminal record and the remorse he showed over the girl 's death .
2002 — A jury 's death sentence for Brian Siler of Nankin in Ashland County , convicted of shooting his estranged wife , Barbara Siler , was overridden by Judge Jeffrey Runyan of Ashland County Common Pleas Court . Runyan cited a number of factors in Siler 's defense , including the absence of a criminal background and active participation in church and the community . Runyan also questioned the burglary charge against Brian Siler — an added count that made the crime a capital case — pointing out that he 'd broken into his own home . Runyan then questioned whether the death sentence was an attempt by the community to avoid responsibility for failing to do more to prevent Barbara Siler 's death .
2010 — A jury 's death sentence for Charles Cunningham in Clark County , convicted of aggravated murder in the fatal shooting of an ex-girlfriend , Jessica Serna ( the mother of two of Cunningham 's children ) , was overridden by Judge Richard O'Neill . Cunningham was also convicted of killing Serna 's friend , Heidi Shook , but not sentenced to death for her slaying . O'Neill said there was “ a fine line ” between the evidence that Cunningham killed Serna “ with prior calculation and design , ” an element necessary for a death sentence , and whether he shot her “ on the spur of the moment ” out of frustration with his unsuccessful attempts to re-establish a relationship .
New York 's Empire State Building was the perfect spot for Kylie Jenner and Tyga ‘ s Valentine 's Day date because the 102-story skyscraper is directly proportional to their love for each other .
The Lip Kit entrepreneur shared a photo of her smooching the rapper atop the iconic Manhattan building on Instagram Tuesday , along with the caption , “ Happy Valentine 's . ”
And the official Twitter account of the Empire State Building also took to social media to announce the arrival of their special guests . “ @ KylieJenner and @ Tyga agree—these views are the most romantic in all of NYC . Happy # ValentinesDay ! ” the tweet read .
Happy Valentine 's ❣️ A post shared by Kylie ( @ kyliejenner ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 2:50pm PST
Because the pair attended during the day , they unfortunately missed the tower light up into a romantic red hue .
Also on the most romantic day of the year , Kylie , 19 , showed off the many gifts she received from her boyfriend of nearly three years .
The Keeping Up with the Kardashians reality star Snapchatted several heart-shaped bouquets of red and pink roses with a card that read “ Will you be my Valentine ? ”
# ❤️ A post shared by Kylie Jenner Snapchats ( @ kylizzlesnapchats ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 3:30pm PST
😍😍😍 # Valentinesday A post shared by Kylie Jenner Snapchats ( @ kylizzlesnapchats ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 3:31pm PST
# Roses 🌹 A post shared by Kylie Jenner Snapchats ( @ kylizzlesnapchats ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 3:43pm PST
Kylie has a lot to celebrate this week , and not just because it 's Valentine 's Day .
On Monday , she opened the doors to her second limited pop-up shop in New York City to a line of fans who were wrapped around the entire block .
In addition , the youngest KarJenner has been hitting up some of the biggest Fashion Week shows in town . She sat front row with Sofia Richie for the Jeremy Scott show , cheered on sister Kendall Jenner during the Alexander Wang show and chatted with Madonna before the Philipp Plein show .
LONDON , Scientists have found evidence of how ancient Britain separated from Europe in what they are dubbing `` Brexit 1.0 '' - a flooding event that happened in two stages thousands of years ago .
In research published in the journal Nature Communications on Tuesday , the scientists said they now have proof that the opening of the Dover Strait in the English Channel , severing the land between Britain and France , occurred in two episodes - an initial lake spill over , followed by catastrophic flooding .
`` The breaching of this land bridge between Dover and Calais was undeniably one of the most important events in British history , helping to shape our island nation 's identity , '' said Sanjeev Gupta , a professor at Imperial College London who co-led the work .
`` When the ice age ended and sea levels rose , flooding the valley floor for good , Britain lost its physical connection to the mainland , '' he said . `` This is Brexit 1.0 – the Brexit nobody voted for . ''
The first pieces of the puzzle came some 10 years ago , when researchers found geophysical evidence of giant valleys on the seafloor in the central part of English Channel . They believed these valley networks were evidence of a megaflood gouging out the land , probably caused by a breach in a chalk rock ridge joining Britain to France .
In the new study , new geophysical data collected by colleagues in Belgium and France has been combined with seafloor data from Britain showing evidence of huge holes and a valley system located on the seafloor . This help the team establish how the chalk ridge was breached .
The ridge acted like a huge dam and behind it was a proglacial lake , the researchers explained . The lake overflowed in giant waterfalls , eroding the rock escarpment , weakening it and eventually causing it to fail and release huge volumes of water onto the valley floor below .
`` We still do n't know for sure why the proglacial lake spilt over , '' said Jenny Collier , a co-author of the study from Imperial 's department of earth science and engineering .
`` Perhaps part of the ice sheet broke off , collapsing into the lake , causing a surge that carved a path for the water to cascade off the chalk ridge . Maybe an earth tremor ... further weakened the ridge and caused ( it ) to collapse , releasing the megaflood that we have found evidence for in our studies . ''
Either way , the scientists said , if it was not for a set of chance geological circumstances , Britain may have remained connected to mainland Europe , jutting out into the sea like Denmark .
The researchers still have no exact timeline of events , but said they now want to take and analyze core samples of the in-filled sediments in the plunge pools to try and pinpoint the timing of erosion and the filling of the pools .
They cautioned , however , that this next step will be tricky , since getting samples in the Dover Strait means navigating huge tidal changes and the world 's busiest shipping lane .
( Editing by Pritha Sarkar )
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead , including gunman , in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in .
RENTON , Wash. — Police have arrested two Seattle teenagers in the death of a man initially thought to have died in a car crash .
The Renton Police Department says officers were called to a church in the 100 block of Tobin Avenue South on Sunday morning to investigate a reported car accident with a driver who was unconscious .
Police say officers discovered a 29-year-old Renton man had died and began processing the scene as a traffic-related death .
During an investigation , however , police say officers found a fatal gunshot wound on the man — and evidence of a shooting in a parking lot in the 400 block of Tobin Avenue South .
Police say witnesses led police to arrest two Seattle males , ages 17 and 19 , Thursday night .
Police say the teens implicated themselves in the shooting and were booked for investigation of homicide .
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , she said on Wednesday .
The B.C . Forest Discovery Centre is the site of the Maple Syrup Festival today and tomorrow .
There is a lot happening , as people will be shown how to tap trees and transform the sap into syrup .
Forest Discovery Centre Manager , Chris Gale says numbers last year were down due to the snowstorm that coincided with maple syrup weekend .
Gale says B.C . Maple 's produce fantastic syrup .
The festival runs from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday .
More information is available at bcforestdiscoverycentre.com .
Gulfport Public Library introduces the Hot Picks for your reading list for the month of March and shows you the library 's amazing new app to make getting those books easier !
FILE PHOTO : Members of the Order of the Knights of Malta arrive in St. Peter Basilica for their 900th anniversary in Vatican February 9 , 2013 . REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
ROME They will not be drawing swords like their predecessors did 1,000 years ago , but battle lines have been drawn between conservatives and reformers in the Knights of Malta , the Catholic chivalric order and global charity .
Its former leader , Briton Matthew Festing , has returned to Rome for a decisive boardroom confrontation over its future this Saturday , defying a request to stay away by a representative of Pope Francis , who ordered his resignation in January .
Festing will be among 56 men who will vote on the leadership of an organisation with a budget of billions of dollars and 13,000 members , 80,000 volunteers and 20,000 paid medical staff running refugee camps , drug treatment centres , disaster relief programmes and clinics around the world .
His supporters have been moving behind the scenes to reassert their power and perhaps even try to reinstate him , against the wishes of the Vatican , which demanded he step down after he fired the organisation 's number two .
Reformers , backed by the Vatican , want to re-vamp the order 's constitution to make its government more transparent and better able to respond to the massive growth it has seen it recent years . They also want to make it possible for commoners to reach top positions .
Under the current monarchical hierarchy , the top Knights are required to have noble lineage .
Dressed in black robes with a white Maltese cross on them , the 56 electors , known as the Council Complete of State , will meet in the Magistral Villa on Rome 's Aventine Hill with a view of the dome of St. Peter 's Basilica in the distance .
The infighting has demoralised the frontline volunteers and medical workers in the organisation , and , according to the order 's health minister , Dominique Prince de La Rochefoucauld-Montbel , led to a drop in donations .
CONDOMS DISPUTE
The Knights of Malta are unique in the Catholic world because it is at once a religious order made up mostly of non-clerics , a chivalric order and a sovereign entity that is run like a small monarchy and recognised by 106 states
On Jan 24 , Festing , 67 , became the first Grand Master in several centuries of the Order of Malta , which was founded in 1048 to provide protection and medical aid for pilgrims in the Holy Land , to step down instead of ruling for life .
In December , Festing and conservative U.S. Cardinal Raymond Leo Burke , the order 's chaplain and a vocal critic of Pope Francis , had summarily fired Grand Chancellor Albrecht Freiherr von Boeselager , who was administratively Festing 's number two .
They accused Boeselager of having violated Catholic teaching by turning a blind eye to the distribution of condoms in an aid project in Myanmar when he was in a previous post .
Boeselager retorted that it was a ruse for a power grab . In an unprecedented intervention , the pope appointed a commission to investigate the events .
Festing , who like other `` First Class Knights , '' had taken a vow of chastity , poverty and `` service to the Holy Father '' , told members not to cooperate with the commission , although many did . Festing said it was unwarranted interference in the order 's internal affairs .
The pope sided with Boeselager and ordered Festing to resign . Boeselager , a German , was re-instated as Grand Chancellor and a `` Lieutenant ad interim '' was named to run the order .
The Boeselager bloc backs the pope 's call for the order to choose an interim leader with a one-year term to enact constitutional changes before electing the next Grand Master .
But Festing , who returned to Britain , said in an interview published in the Catholic Herald on March 23 that he did not rule out being re-elected . He is one of 12 eligible candidates for Grand Master , all of whom must have taken vows to be `` professed knights '' and come from noble heritage .
`` I have no intention of running a campaign . However , if they re-elect me , I would have to consider agreeing to it , '' he said .
PAPAL TRAVEL BAN
On April 15 , Archbishop Angelo Becciu , the Vatican 's deputy secretary of state , who the pope named to be `` special delegate '' to the Knights after Festing was ousted , ordered the former Grand Master not to travel to Rome for the election .
`` Your presence would re-open wounds , only recently healed , and would prevent the event taking place in an atmosphere of peace and regained harmony , '' Becciu said in the letter , a copy of which was obtained by Reuters from a Vatican source .
Becciu said the pope `` shared '' his decision and asked Festing to stay away as `` an act of obedience . ''
But three days before the vote , Festing told organisers he would attend , effectively disobeying a direct papal order and throwing the entire election into uncertainty . He has since been seen in Rome by members of the order .
`` Until 24 hours ago , we had several possible scenarios , '' a senior source in the order said . `` But now there is no agreement and anything can happen . ''
( Editing by Philippa Fletcher )
Logan Paul had a close call while he was taking skydiving lessons on Thursday .
The controversial YouTube star , 22 , said he was forced to “ cut away my main parachute ” after it failed to open during a lesson . He shared the news on Twitter and Instagram stories , writing in the latter , “ here 's a photo of my empty pack after i had to cut away my main parachute bc it did n't open i can tell you . ”
He continued , “ the feeling of the blue reserve parachute opening & functioning properly was miraculous this has never happened to another student before at this school . LP lives on . ”
here 's a photo of my empty pack after i had to cut away my main parachute bc it did n't open i can tell you — the feeling of the blue reserve parachute opening & functioning properly was miraculous this has never happened to another student before at this school . LP lives on 🙂 pic.twitter.com/p6if9Gg5hn — Logan Paul ( @ LoganPaul ) February 2 , 2018
On Instagram stories , he continued saying , “ Maverick lives to fight another day . Yo , this happens to .1 percent of people . My instructor was wearing a 360 [ degree ] camera so I am going to post a vlog . ”
It appears the video will be part of his return to vlogging . The star has not been posting his daily videos since he published a video showing the body of an alleged suicide victim in Japan — it has now been deleted and he apologized .
Logan Paul/Instagram
The parachute incident comes after Paul sat down with ABC 's Good Morning America on Thursday for his first television interview since facing severe backlash over a controversial video .
He told GMA he had “ a horrible lapse in judgment ” and he “ can , will and [ is ] going to learn from it and be a better person . ”
“ It 's not like I 'm a bad a guy , ” he said . “ I 'm a good guy who made a bad decision . ”
He added , “ This has been the hardest time in my life . I 've never been hated by the whole world . It 's been something to definitely overcome . I will think twice about what I post from now on . ”
During a Fifth Harmony concert at Luna Park Stadium in Buenos Aires , singer and Power Rangers star Becky G was removed from the stage by security guards when she tried helping one of the group members Dinah Jane Hansen out with a wardrobe malfunction . Awkward .
“ I was telling [ the security guard ] to go cover her booty because her outfit ripped again , ” the singer—in good spirits—explained to one of her followers on Twitter . She also fangirled over Hansen tweeting at her , “ Now you know I 'm your number one fan . ”
In the video clip of the incident . you see Becky G running onto center stage with an Argentinian flag in her hand to wrap around Hansen and a security guard running behind her and pulling her off the stage by her arm . When a fan asked Becky if she was okay , she responded , “ My arm kinda hurt but they 're just doing they job . ”
📹 : Becky running on stage to help Dinah then being snatched by security . # PSATourArgentina pic.twitter.com/BMCpGGYt9o — Becky G. News ( @ BeckyGFacts ) October 3 , 2017
When fellow Fifth Harmony member Ally Brooke realized what was happening , she walked to the side of the stage , clasped hands with Becky , and pulled her back onstage . “ Welcome Becky G ! ” screamed Ally . Becky used the opportunity again to run toward Hansen and cover her exposed parts with her scarf . After she wrapped it around Hansen , she boogied with the band .
Hansen expressed gratitude for Becky 's attempt to save her from exposure , tweeting : “ Now I know who would save me . Muchos besos ( many kisses ) mama . ”
Becky is on tour with Fifth Harmony and was their opener act . Because she was dressed in casual clothing and not her stage costume , she was unrecognizable to security staff .
When a woman was given a free apple on a flight from Paris to the United States , she kept it for later . However , it ended up being anything but free when customs found the apple in her bag on a random search , and then they fined her $ 500 !
29-year-old man was sent to hospital with serious injuries
Peel Regional Police are looking for these three men in connection with a brutal assault on a man with autism on March 13 . ( Peel Regional Police )
Police in Ontario say they believe that at least one of three men who beat up a man with autism in the greater Toronto area could be from the Lower Mainland .
Peel Regional Police say the assault happened at the Square One bus terminal in Mississauga on March 13 at about 10:45 p.m .
The 29-year-old man was sitting at the bottom of the stairs of the terminal 's lower level when three men approached .
The suspects surrounded him and “ continued to punch and kick the male multiple times ” before fleeing .
The man was taken to hospital with serious but non-life-threatening injuries .
“ We believe at least one might be from British Columbia , ” said Const . Iryna Yashnyk . “ We 're hoping to get the video out there in case somebody might recognize them . ”
WATCH : Police provide a video of the assault
Note : Footage may be disturbing to some viewers
The first suspect is described as a 5'10 ” South Asian man with a light complexion , short dark beard and short black hair cut . He was wearing a black T-shirt with a red Air Jordan logo and white Jordan lettering , with black track pants and black shoes .
The second suspect is described as a thin , clean shaven 5'10 ” South Asian man with a light complexion . He was wearing a black jacket with a grey horizontal stripe across the chest and a grey vertical stripe along the hood , black track pants and black shoes .
The third suspect is described as an unshaven 5'10 ” South Asian man with a medium complexion . He had a medium build and was wearing a black hoodie with a Nike logo and white Nike lettering along the sleeves , with black track pants and black shoes .
Anyone with any information is asked to call the 12 Division Criminal Investigation Bureau at 905-453-2121 , ext . 1233 , or if they wish to remain anonymous , to call Peel Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 , visit their website or text 27467 with the world ‘ peel ' and their tip .
@ katslepian
katya.slepian @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
* Bomber had guidance but no direct outside support
* Unexploded bomb was low-tech homemade device
* Made with sugar and other available ingredients
By Jack Stubbs , Maria Tsvetkova and Christian Lowe
MOSCOW , April 5 A Russian suicide bomber who killed 14 people in an attack on a St. Petersburg metro train conducted an amateurish , semi-bungled operation , probably with guidance but no direct support from outside backers , five security experts who reviewed publicly available evidence from the blast site told Reuters .
Russian investigators on Tuesday identified the bomber as Akbarzhon Jalilov , from the city of Osh in mainly Muslim Kyrgyzstan , saying he had also left a bomb that was found at another metro station before it went off .
That unexploded bomb , according to the experts who reviewed a photograph of it in Russian media , was a low-tech homemade device , made locally with sugar and other readily available ingredients , and an improvised , non-commercial detonator .
This lack of sophistication points to a person , or persons , operating with limited resources but some guidance as to how to assemble an explosive similar to the kind used by militant groups such as Islamic State , the experts said .
That supports the theory that Russia is facing a new kind of threat , from violent Islamists who blend into society and are not part of established jihadi groups , and are therefore much harder for security agencies to track down .
`` It suggests they were a fairly amateur organisation that wanted to do something but did n't have the contacts , money or the wherewithal to go and get some high-grade explosive , '' said a former Western defence official with experience of working with improvised explosive devices in the Middle East .
The Western official and other people interviewed for this article spoke on condition of anonymity due to the ongoing investigation into Monday 's attack .
A Russian security service officer said the bomb was made using methods brought to Russia from Syria , and the explosive was known as `` chocolate '' because of its brown colour .
`` In contrast to the typical mixtures previously made ( in Russia ) , Islamic State use sugar and the explosive has this earthy colour , '' he said , adding that it was likely `` other people '' were behind Jalilov 's actions .
Russian media have cited law enforcement officials as saying Jalilov had radical Islamist links , raising the possibility that his attack was inspired by Islamic State , which has never struck a major Russian city .
Russia 's Investigative Committee , the state body leading the investigation , did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
So far , no-one has claimed responsibility for the blast , but Russia has been on alert for attacks in response to its actions in Syria , where it is supporting troops loyal to President Bashar al-Assad against Western-backed armed groups as well as hardline Islamists .
Islamic State has repeatedly threatened revenge and been linked to attacks elsewhere in Europe . If it is confirmed that the metro attack was linked to radical Islamists , it could provoke anger among some Russians at Moscow 's decision to intervene in Syria , a year before an election which President Vladimir Putin is expected to win .
SOMETHING WENT WRONG
A Western forensic explosives expert said the bomb was possibly made by mixing sugar or fuel with ammonium nitrate , which could be linked to an Islamic State grouping , but not any particular faction .
`` Often diesel is used for this , and that could produce a dark brown-coloured explosive . Many of the homemade main charges recovered in Iraq and Syria use ( this method ) , '' he said .
Whatever Jalilov 's methods , all five sources said one thing was clear : the bomber 's plan went awry .
The bomb recovered at St. Petersburg 's Ploshchad Vosstaniya metro station , a short distance from the blast site , was likely left on a timer but failed to explode because the detonation mechanism was faulty or set incorrectly , said Neil Gibson , a senior weapons analyst at Jane 's .
The other sources said problems mixing the explosive could have resulted in a dud bomb , indicating rushed and inexpert assembly .
`` When you are going to blow yourself up , you need to ... test the mixture . It 's very hard to get it right , '' said the former Western defence official . `` If they did n't have enough time to get the mixing right , it could easily explain why that bomb did n't go off . ''
Gibson said an analysis of pictures from the blast site also suggested the main attack had not gone to plan , with a weak blast inflicting little damage on the train carriage .
Irina Avidon , a St. Petersburg resident who was travelling in the metro carriage next to the explosion , told Reuters the rest of the train was unaware a bomb had gone off .
`` There was a bang , quite loud but not extremely . A hatch flew up from the floor and sparks came out , there was smoke but it was n't dense , everything was visible in our carriage , '' she said .
`` The train arrived in the station and we got off . At that moment , when I saw the torn-up neighbouring carriage , everything became very scary . ''
The weak blast and small amount of physical destruction means the charge Jalilov used was small or the bomb was badly designed , Gibson said , citing possible problems with the shape , detonator and composition of the explosive .
Jalilov 's decision to detonate in the middle of the day , when the metro was relatively empty , is a further sign the attack was poorly executed or compromised , Gibson added .
Russia 's Kommersant newspaper on Tuesday cited a source as saying security services had been tipped off about the planned attack and were closing in on the suspects .
`` If the first ( bomb ) was a suicide device , as it seems to be , then it may have gone off early due to some error in construction , '' Gibson said .
`` Or the person thought they were being followed , so detonated the device as soon as they thought they could and still kill as many people as possible . '' ( Additional reporting by Polina Nikolskaya ; Editing by Giles Elgood )
The National Weather Service has issued a high wind warning for the Juneau area . It 's in effect till 6 p.m. Saturday .
Meteorologist intern Sharon Sullivan says the weather service is expecting near 65 mph winds tonight in downtown Juneau and Douglas .
“ Typically with these Taku winds , they can reach hurricane force and that 's currently what we are experiencing , ” Sullivan said . “ I think we 're estimating that the highest wind gusts are supposed to occur near tonight . ”
Pedestrian commuters this morning near the Federal Building experienced 50 mph wind gusts .
“ We actually had several strong gusts that were experienced this morning , near the Douglas Boat Harbor , ” she said . “ It got up to 70 mph . ”
It will continue to be windy tomorrow and tomorrow afternoon .
“ Any loose objects can be blown around , especially boats , those need to tied down as well , ” Sullivan said . “ There could be power outages that may be possible in some areas . Definitely bringing the pets in as well .
The weather service recorded other notable wind speeds including :
Cape Spencer ( at the mouth of Cross Sound ) : 76 mph
Portland Island ( about 3.25 miles south of Point Lena ) : 67 mph
67 mph Out on Thane Road : 54 mph
Sullivan said Hoonah and Gustavus can expect lighter , 10 to 20 mph winds . Both will be partly cloudy and cold into tonight .
WorkSafeBC wants you to keep safe while hanging those Christmas lights this year
On average more than 930 workers in British Columbia are seriously injured each year due to falls from ladders and many of those incidents were preventable .
With the holiday season in full swing , WorkSafe BC wants you to know that using a ladder around the house has risks too .
WorkSafeBC has released six new ladder-safety videos to remind workers , employers and homeowners to use ladders safely , both on the job and while decorating at home for the holidays .
“ Last year , more than 1,000 workers were seriously injured in falls from height , including while using stepladders , extension ladders and scaffolding , ” says Dan Strand , Director of Prevention Field Services for WorkSafeBC .
“ The new videos and our ladder safety resources illustrate how the right ladder , the correct positioning and hazard assessments could prevent a life-changing serious injury or death . ”
From 2012 to 2016 , six workers died and there were 4,920 accepted time-loss claims — including 1,634 serious injuries — as a result of falls from ladders across all industries in B.C .
It 's time to use ladders safely :
Select the right ladder for the job and ensure the ladder is long enough to extend one metre above the upper landing
Place the ladder on a firm , level surface and inspect it before each use to ensure it 's in good working condition , looking for issues such as cracks or loose rungs
Always maintain three points of contact while climbing a ladder : two feet and one hand or two hands and one foot
Do n't carry heavy or bulky objects while climbing up or down a ladder
Do n't work from the top two rungs of the ladder or have more than one worker on a ladder at once
Wind , rain , and snow may pose additional hazards that need to be mitigated
Check for power lines and ensure a minimum distance of three metres can be maintained at all times before starting work
Laddersafety201203 PDF En by Anonymous DaiOVotR on Scribd
To report a typo , email :
newstips @ kelownacapnews.com .
@ carmenweld
carmen.weld @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
BUNDABERG Paralympian Rheed McCracken has endorsed Division 8 candidate David Facer as the best person to represent the area he grew up in .
With a week to go before the Bundaberg Regional Council Division 8 by-election , the sports champion has lent his support to Mr Facer .
`` Our community needs to support candidates like David who live in the locality and looks to the future for developing inclusive areas so that all people get the opportunity to realise their full potential , ” McCracken said .
In his youth McCracken was a regular sight on the roads around Avoca , where his family home still is .
Mr Facer was delighted to have the backing of the Paralympic medallist .
`` I am proud and humbled to have the commendation of such a respected local Paralympian and look forward to engaging with him on his return to Bundaberg , ” he said .
`` Rheed 's lived experience is invaluable to help shape future direction for our division . ”
Demi Lovato inspired Lili Reinhart to talk about mental health .
The 'Riverdale ' star credits the 'Cool for the Summer ' hitmaker for encouraging her to talk about her own experiences with depression and anxiety .
She told Ocean Drive magazine : `` I did n't have someone who was talking about it , '' Lili shared . `` I remember being in middle and high school and hearing Demi Lovato speak up about her mental illness and that was comforting .
`` But I wanted more people to stand up . I needed more people to relate to . I was like , all these people ca n't be so happy , can they ? It was kind of like this unrealistic picture that was painted in front of me of all these happy , happy people , successful people , beautiful people . ''
Meanwhile , Lili previously admitted she was suffering `` the worst depression '' before being cast in 'Riverdale ' .
She said : `` I cried tears of joy . In that moment I became a working actress with a steady job . Something I had been working towards for 7 years ... And now here we are , gearing up to film season 2 . And I could not be more grateful .
`` 'Riverdale ' came into my life when I was going through the worst depression I had ever experienced . And in the end it completely saved me ... Since it 's mental health awareness month , I figured it would be good to share that . I worked my ass off to make a living out of what I love . And when I 'm feeling depressed or sad , I remind myself how far I 've come . And how I did n't let my depression consume me .
`` To anyone out there who feels depressed or hopeless ... do not f * * * ing give up on yourself . You 're all you 've got . And you deserve the world . Your mental health should be your priority . Do n't forget that . This is your life .. and you 've only got one . So do n't waste it by being sad . You will get through whatever you 're going through now . And you 'll be so much stronger at the end of it . You 're stronger than you know . ( sic ) ''
* Czech central bank removes 27/euro cap on crown * Crown swings between 26.75 and 27.16 after cap is removed * Volatility quickly subsides , crown hovers around 26.9 * Central bank to hold news conference at 1215 GMT ( Recasts with central bank decision to remove crown cap ) By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE , April 6 The crown firmed on Thursday after the Czech central bank ( CNB ) removed its 3-and-1/2-year cap on the crown 's value . The bank will hold a news conference at 1215 GMT . Its decision was not entirely unexpected as its commitment to maintain the cap expired on Friday . The CNB launched the cap in late 2013 to fight against deflation risks by keeping the crown weaker than 27 to the euro . Inflation has reached its 2 percent target in the past months . Ending the cap also means that the bank will not be forced to continue interventions which have led to a tripling of its foreign currency reserves since 2013 . Investors added tens of billions of euros worth of long crown positions in the past few months . That boosted worries that the crown may slide after the cap was removed , while holders of the crown and Czech debt instruments still hoped that the stable and steadily growing Czech economy could boost the crown . The currency 's volatility after the announcement of the crown 's removal was smaller than some investors had feared . First it jumped to 26.75 against the euro from 27.02 before the announcement , then it weakened to 27.16 . Its volatility quickly subsided and at 1122 GMT it traded at 26.85 , firmer by 0.7 percent from Wednesday . Analysts had agreed that the currency 's volatility could jump after exit from the cap . Some analysts projected a strengthening to around 26 and lows beyond 27.5 on the day of the exit , and continuing swings for weeks . The CNB said it was ready to intervene in markets if needed to react to `` excessive '' moves . Czech government bond yields rose , with the yield on 2-year paper jumping 15 basis points , at minus 0.132 percent after earlier touching minus 0.088 percent . Polish and Hungarian bond yields did not react . One Budapest-based trader said some foreign investors may have sold some Czech bonds and bought Hungarian and Polish papers in the past weeks . `` That may have been part of the rally here , but there is no further impact now , '' the trader said . The forint firmed 0.2 percent against the euro after the Czech decision . CEE SNAPS AT 1322 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.85 27.03 +0.7 0.58 % 00 95 1 % Hungary 309.4 310.3 +0.3 -0.19 forint 000 750 2 % % Polish 4.230 4.232 +0.0 4.11 % zloty 2 3 5 % Romanian 4.522 4.530 +0.1 0.28 % leu 5 0 7 % Croatian 7.462 7.448 -0.18 1.25 % kuna 0 2 % Serbian 123.7 123.8 +0.0 -0.32 dinar 500 250 6 % % Note : daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 979.4 980.7 -0.13 +6.2 6 8 % 8 % Budapest 32450 32405 +0.1 +1.4 .59 .13 4 % 0 % Warsaw 2239 . 2253 . -0.62 +14 . 74 64 % 98 % Bucharest 8185 . 8201 . -0.20 +15 . 57 83 % 53 % Ljubljana 772.4 779.2 -0.88 +7.6 4 9 % 4 % Zagreb 1893 . 1946 . -2.75 -5.10 13 65 % % Belgrade 5 7 % 1 % Sofia 644.2 641.7 +0.3 +9.8 3 7 8 % 6 % BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d ( bid ) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 2 bps ps 5-year bps s 10-year bps Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.3 0.36 0.41 0 PRIBOR= > Hungary < 0.22 0.27 0.36 0.17 BUBOR= > Poland < 1.76 1.78 1.81 1.73 WIBOR= > Note : FRA are for quotes ask prices * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ( Reporting by Sandor Peto ; Editing by Alison Williams )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. – Richmond Police confirmed there was an assault reported at a city school Monday morning .
A student at Thomas Jefferson High School in the Near West End said she was attacked by another student armed with a TASER .
The victim , who was on her way to the hospital for an examination , said a female student made threats on Facebook , Sunday night .
The victim , who was interviewed along with her guardian , claimed the student made a statement on social media along the lines of “ I 'm going out in a big way . ”
The student hit with the TASER said the weapon was smuggled past the metal detectors at the school entry because the detectors were n't being monitored at that time .
Richmond Public Schools have not confirmed all details , but have insisted they are putting out a statement shortly .
May 3 Primi sui Motori SpA :
* Proceeds with placement of up to 1,141,292 ordinary shares which were not placed in first tranche of capital increase ended on March 17
* Shares to be issued at price of EUR 1.74 per share by May 19
* The capital increase of up to 4.0 million euros ( $ 4.36 million ) approved on Feb. 13 will be considered completed on May 19 regardless of whether all the remaining shares will be placed Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9167 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
“ I was stunned at the obstacles [ the children ] faced alone , and the disregard for their basic rights , ” said Linda Freedman , who depicted the hardships of migrant kids in a short film .
UNACCOMPANIED : Alone in America from Linda Freedman on Vimeo .
In President Donald Trump 's America , the plight of undocumented immigrants just keeps worsening with every passing day .
However , when the history books of the future complete the section on Trump 's tenure , they will undoubtedly dedicate a considerable amount of pages to this dark chapter where migrant children were snatched from their parents ' arms and put in cages for an indefinite amount of time .
Just last month , when the White House faced court orders to reunite families separated at the border , the unaccompanied migrant toddlers were faced with another dilemma–to appear in immigration courts to defend their deportation .
The already distressed children , some of whom may not necessarily know the full names of their parents , are now supposed to have their fates determined by going through a complex legal system – all by themselves .
So , how exactly do these unaccompanied children defend themselves in the court without a parent or a lawyer by their side ?
The Immigration Counseling Service ( ICS ) , dedicated to improving the lives of immigrants by providing affordable legal services , produced a short film called “ Unaccompanied ” to depict the experiences of these kids in a setting of a proper court .
The clips featured formal court proceedings where wide-eyed kids wearing a look of utter confusion sat in front of a former Oregon Judge William Snouffer – who played the trial judge – to answer questions taken from actual court transcripts .
The reenactments , which were undoubtedly heartbreaking , gave a glimpse of the ordeal the current administration is putting hundreds of immigrant children through .
“ Do you understand what these proceedings here in court are all about ? ” asked Judge Snouffer . The little boy , casually swinging his legs from the chair , shook his head no .
A little girl , Sophia 's response was no different . She did n't even know what a lawyer was .
The kids are not to be blamed for their lack of knowledge , as considering their age they are not supposed to know who lawyers are or what deportation is . They are not supposed to be sitting in a courtroom–and most importantly , they are not supposed to be without their parents in a country which is completely foreign to them .
But , unfortunately , that 's the price they have to pay for being an undocumented immigrant in Trump 's America . What 's even more distressing is after going through this ordeal , they will still be most likely deported .
Wendy Young , president of Kids in Need of Defense , an organization that makes unaccompanied minors get in touch with lawyers , explained that usually the parents of babies subject to deportation represent them . However , what these children are going through is totally different .
“ Babies are subject to deportation , ” she said .
Though requiring unaccompanied kids to go through deportation alone is not a new practice , the Trump administration 's notorious “ zero-tolerance ” policy has prompted a surge in such proceedings .
In fact , according to the data collected by the Syracuse University 's Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse ( TRAC ) , the “ U.S . has initiated more deportation proceedings against children in 2018 than in any other year for which data is available . ”
The massive backlog of cases in the court have pushed pro-bono providers to its limits , so now the children have no choice but to appear in front of the judicature all on their own .
“ I was stunned at the obstacles [ the children ] faced alone , and the disregard for their basic rights , ” wrote producer and filmmaker Linda Freedman . “ I know in my heart that this film will find those of you who will rise up , as you always do , to help your fellow humans in their time of need . ”
Read More Immigrant Families Must Pay Hefty Fees To Reunite With Separated Kids
Banner Image Credits : REUTERS/Loren Elliott
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
An employee on Steve Harvey ‘ s radio show died suddenly over the weekend .
Bryan Cooke , an assistant to Harvey 's co-host Kier “ Junior ” Spates , ” was found unresponsive in an Atlanta hotel room on Sunday , PEOPLE has confirmed .
According to a police report obtained by PEOPLE , Spates asked the hotel staff to check on Cooke after he failed to respond to his calls . The two were scheduled for an afternoon flight to Los Angeles .
When calls to Cooke 's hotel room went unanswered , hotel staff discovered the assistant lying face down on his bed and “ cold to the touch . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign
up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
The staff member “ then turned the guest over and noticed that vomit and blood were coming out of his nose and mouth , ” according to the report .
Police arrived on scene and Cooke was pronounced dead . He was 39 .
Steve Harvey Monica Schipper/Getty
Spates told police that he and Cooke went out the night before but did not partake in any drugs . The radio host said his friend appeared fine at the end of the night when they went to their separate rooms after smoking cigars together .
The next morning , housekeepers attempted to enter Cooke 's room but thought he was still sleeping .
According to the report , Cooke was found with prescription pills near his bed .
It is unclear what the pills were and if they contributed to his death .
Junior is a regular co-host on The Steve Harvey Morning Show , which airs weekdays starting at 6 a.m . ET .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – A woman carjacked during police chase said she 's grateful to be alive after the man put a gun to her face and told her to get the F * * * out of the car .
The man being chased by police was wanted on a bank robbery warrant . He armed himself with a gun and fled when the FBI showed up to take him into custody . He carjacked a brown SUV and led police on a chase from the northern part of the county into Miami .
Midway through the chase , he switched vehicles .
Minerva Castellano said she was on her way to work at the Veterans Administration Hospital when a guy ran up to her near NW 21st Street and 14th Avenue in Miami , put a gun to her face and told her to get out .
“ He said ‘ Get the f * * * out of the car right now or I will shoot you ' . I 'm thinking , I was n't really scared at the moment because I 'm thinking it 's an undercover cop because I saw cops all over the place . I thought he was an undercover cop that needed my car . It took me a while to get out , I had to unstrap the seatbelt , luckily I had my purse with me and I ran out , ” she said .
Castellano was then in for a surprise .
“ A police officer comes to tell me ‘ do you know what he looks like ' and I said what are you talking about , he said that 's the guy we are looking for , ” she said . “ I broke down at that point . ”
One of her friends , and a co-worker , went to the scene of the carjacking to make sure she was okay .
“ I was afraid for her , I was extremely afraid of what happened . My first instinct was to call our VA and have the police come over to make sure she was fine , ” she said . “ I 'm just so thankful she 's okay . A car is replaceable but your life is not . ”
After stealing Castellano 's black Mazda , the man led police to a boatyard North River Drive and NW 27th Avenue . He bailed out of the vehicle and jumped into the water .
Police negotiators tried to get him to surrender . When they moved in take him into custody , police say he refused to drop his weapon and was shot and killed by two Miami officers .
HARRISONBURG , Va. — Stuckey Mosley poured in 35 points , two off his career high , and DeVelle Phillips added 17 and James Madison clawed from 11 points down to defeat Towson 79-73 on Saturday .
Mosely scored 23 points in the last 12:21 as James Madison ( 7-18 , 3-9 Colonial Athletic Association ) whacked away at the Towson lead . He converted a 3-point play to give the Dukes a 65-64 lead with 3:30 remaining . Phillips scored , grabbed a defensive rebound and dunked at the other end for a 70-68 lead with 1:09 left . Mosely followed with a layup and Darius Banks a pair of free throws and the 8-1 run put the game away .
Eddie Keith II scored the last five points for Towson ( 16-9 , 6-6 ) , keeping the Tigers within two until Banks and Mosely made three free throws in the last three seconds .
Zane Martin led Towson with 28 points before being hit with a technical and fouling out with three seconds to go . Mike Morsell added 20 points and Justin Gorham scored nine and grabbed 17 rebounds .
JERUSALEM , March 30 Israeli energy conglomerate Delek Group reported a wider quarterly profit , boosted by the sale of two natural gas sites and higher income from its exploration and production operations .
Delek said on Thursday it earned 375 million shekels ( $ 104 million ) in the fourth quarter , up from 54 million a year earlier .
Delek , through its subsidiaries , has major shares in the Tamar and Leviathan gas fields off Israel 's coast . Profit from exploration and production was 119 million shekels in the quarter , compared with 58 million in the same period in 2015 .
It said it produced a record 9.4 billion cubic metres of natural gas at Tamar in the quarter , reaching peak production after four years .
During the quarter , it sold its stakes in the Karish and Tanin gas fields as mandated by the government to sell off some assets in a bid to open the sector to competition . The $ 148 million sale led to a gain of 253 million shekels , Delek said .
It expects production at Leviathan to begin by the end of 2019 . The project 's partners have budgeted $ 3.75 billion for its development .
Delek declared a dividend of 200 million shekels , or 16.69 shekels a share , for the quarter .
( $ 1 = 3.6176 shekels ) ( Reporting by Steven Scheer )
The parents of a 7-year-old girl who was allegedly sexually abused by a retired California businessman say they are outraged over a plea deal in which the man was sentenced to 90 days of home detention and will not have to register as a sex offender , PEOPLE learns .
Lyle Burgess , 79 , was sentenced last week after he pleaded no contest in April to statutory rape of a child .
Burgess ' attorney , Gregory Davenport , says his client denies molesting the child , who was then 5 , and accepted the plea deal because of his frail health .
“ He did n't want to put the young girl through the rigors of a trial either , ” Davenport says .
The child 's family sees it differently .
“ He is basically walking away getting to live in his mansion for nine months and that is not much of a penalty at all , if any , ” their lawyer , Kenneth Meleyco , tells PEOPLE . “ They are going to have to deal with this for the rest of their life , and their daughter is going to have to deal with it for the rest of her life . There is no penalty here at all . ”
Meleyco is representing the girl 's family in a civil suit against Burgess , the founder a Stockton automotive parts manufacturer and distributor company who has since retired .
Davenport says the alleged incident occurred at Burgess ' cabin in 2016 and was based on a claim by the girl 's mother that she witnessed Burgess put his hand down her daughter 's pants .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
In a statement , the San Joaquin County District Attorney 's Office explained that Burgess plea was reached based on an “ assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the evidence presented in the case , along with a review of the case facts and testimonies presented at the preliminary hearing . ”
Prosecutors also noted that the child had not been sexually penetrated and that her parents agreed to Burgess ' no-contest plea .
However , Meleyco says , the girl 's mom felt as though she was not given a choice .
“ She was told this is what was decided , ” he says . “ It was presented to her like it was already done . … She felt like she was just a layperson being told by an attorney what is happening . ”
Reached by PEOPLE , Supervising Deputy District Attorney Robert Himelblau declined to discuss the case on the record and referred a reporter to their office 's statement .
The Case So Far
Burgess was arrested on Nov. 23 , 2016 , and initially charged with four counts of lewd acts upon a child , according to the D.A . 's office .
After a November 2017 preliminary hearing where the victim and her mother testified — and “ where there were no allegations that the child had been sexually penetrated by any means ” — the charge was amended to unlawful sexual intercourse of a minor , prosecutors said .
Burgess pleaded no contest in April and was sentenced on May 23 . As part of his plea , he was not required to register as a sex offender .
The sentence , the prosecutor 's office said , was based on Burgess ' age and health condition .
At the hearing last week , the girl 's mother tearfully spoke out about her displeasure .
“ Our daughter has been harmed by this man continuously , ” she said , according to the Stockton Record . “ I 'm incredibly disgusted by his behavior and continuously disgusted by his lies . ”
She said Burgess was “ getting off so easy ” and that she wanted “ other kids to be protected by possible future abuse by this man . ”
The victim 's father — who , according to Meleyco , worked with Burgess — was also in court and said : “ I do n't have too many prized possessions in this world other than my family . [ My daughter ] will remember this the rest of her life . She sleeps on the floor outside our room . ”
Meleyco says the case is “ a clear example of how , even now in 2018 , if you are white , prominent and wealthy , privilege still prevails in the U.S. justice system . … The D.A . has given him the opportunity to molest again . ”
Davenport says the idea that Burgess ' deal was based on his white privilege is nonsense .
“ The reason this occurred is because of the lack of sexual conduct in the case , ” he says . “ [ The D.A . ] took a very close look at this . ”
Long before he became Canada 's crush-worthy prime minister , Justin Trudeau was a crush-worthy teacher — and he 's got a # TBT photo to prove it .
Trudeau , who for years taught math , French , drama and humanities at Vancouver 's West Point Grey Academy , shared a throwback photo of himself as a young teacher on Thursday in commemoration of World Teachers ' Day .
“ …no better day for a # TBT to this gem from the @ wpgadotca days – an undisclosed number of years ago , ” the prime minister tweeted .
…no better day for a # TBT to this gem from the @ wpgadotca days – an undisclosed number of years ago . # WorldTeachersDay pic.twitter.com/0ZwjuSKOYI — Justin Trudeau ( @ JustinTrudeau ) October 5 , 2017
In the photo , a smiling and bespectacled Trudeau is wearing a navy suit and shirt with a leaf patterned tie while surrounded by students .
According to the Huffington Post , former students remembered Trudeau fondly on a 2015 Reddit thread , describing him as a normal teacher who was “ really , really energetic and goofy . ”
On Twitter , fans celebrated Trudeau 's looks and style in the throwback photo .
Hair on fleek ✔️ pic.twitter.com/nZLSTirfCw — Atiq Ellahi ( @ AtiqEllahi ) October 5 , 2017
* le sigh * Why can we not be so lucky over here ? — Raphael ( @ RaphaelDraw ) October 5 , 2017
Rockin ' the highlights . = ) — Mel ( @ singin72 ) October 5 , 2017
So handsome — EA ( @ PHLRebelheart ) October 5 , 2017
DAT GLASSES THO 😍 — Dinda . ( @ ClaireBearStory ) October 5 , 2017
That hair ! 😍 — Tamara Hall ( @ TamaraHall8 ) October 5 , 2017
he just made adult Harry Potter dateable — Marie-Anne ( @ mapduliand ) October 5 , 2017
Trudeau also released a statement praising teachers in Canada and around the world .
“ On behalf of the Government of Canada , I thank all teachers and educators in Canada and around the world for helping us succeed as individuals and prosper as societies , ” he said . “ You give the very best of yourselves , and change lives , every day , for the better . ”
HONG KONG , March 31 Chinese telecom equipment and smartphone maker Huawei Technologies Co Ltd said on Friday that net profit edged up just 0.4 percent last year , its slowest annual growth since 2011 .
Huawei , the world 's No . 3 smartphone maker behind Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd , said net profit rose to 37.1 billion yuan ( $ 5.3 billion )
Global revenue climbed 32 percent to 521.6 billion yuan , slightly slower than 35 percent growth a year earlier .
Revenue from its consumer business group rose 44 percent to 179.8 billion yuan ( $ 25.9 billion ) , lagging the company 's own forecast of $ 30 billion made a year ago . It shipped 139 million phones last year .
Revenue from its carrier business rose 24 percent to 290.6 billion yuan . ( Reporting by Sijia Jiang ; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Edwina Gibbs )
The 15 million dollar Ocean Adventure attraction is now open at the Institute for Marine Mammal Studies in Gulfport .
A full honours funeral will be held today ( Mon , Dec 18 ) in Richmond for a firefighter , who grew up in Cobble Hill .
44 year old Donald Bryan Kongus died back in August following a long struggle with post-traumatic stress disorder .
He graduated from Cowichan High School in 1990 and volunteered as a firefighter with the Cowichan Bay Fire Hall .
Kongus graduated from the Justice Institute and then joined the Richmond Fire Rescue at the age of 21 .
He spent 23 years there rising to the rank of Captain .
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland .
( 2ND UPDATE ) One reason for axing the PCUP commissioners is that they have gone on 'junkets abroad , ' says Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque
Published 11:43 AM , December 12 , 2017
Editor 's note : Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque earlier announced that President Rodrigo Duterte will abolish the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor . He later corrected his statement and said the PCUP commissioners will be replaced but the commission will remain , which is reflected in this updated story .
MANILA , Philippines ( 2nd UPDATE ) – President Rodrigo Duterte is set to fire all the commissioners of the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor ( PCUP ) , Malacañang announced on Tuesday , December 12 .
In a news briefing on Tuesday , Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque said Duterte has two grievances against PCUP officials .
`` Number 1 , it is according to him , a collegial body and they have not met as a collegial body ; and number two , that the commisisoners are known for junkets abroad , '' said Roque .
The Palace official initially said in the news briefing that Duterte was set to `` abolish '' the PCUP .
Over an hour later , he texted reporters to correct his mistake , saying : `` He will fire all commissioners of PCUP and not abolish . So sorry about that . ''
He later sent an official erratum to the media .
`` With the sincerest regrets I would like to correct the statement I made on the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor ( PCUP ) during this morning 's press briefing . It is to fire , and not to abolish the Commission , '' Roque said .
He added : `` The President said during the 84th anniversary celebration of the Department of Labor and Employment last December 8 that he would fire a commission . The commission he was referring to is the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor . ''
Roque could not give reporters any details about the `` unnecessary junkets '' or which PCUP officials were involved .
The PCUP , created during the administration of Corazon Aquino in 1986 , is a commission under the Office of the President tasked with responding to issues on urban poverty such as demolitions , reclamation , and housing .
No notice
The PCUP is led by former Kabataan representative Terry Ridon . The commissioners are Melissa Aradanas , Manuel Serra Jr , Noe Indonto , and Joan Lagunda .
Asked if Ridon 's status as a member of the Left was one reason why Duterte wants to fire him , Roque said he “ doubts it . ”
The Palace official said Ridon was not notified by the President about his decision , and found out only when Roque told him about it .
The spokesman said Ridon `` suspected '' that Duterte was referring to the PCUP when he first announced he wants to `` fire '' an entire commission .
Roque said Duterte 's latest decision proves his commitment to ridding his administration of corrupt officials .
`` This kind of work performance has no place in the Duterte administration . We reiterate we are serious about the drive aginst corruption , '' said Duterte 's spokesman .
`` Junkets '' or lavish foreign trips are apparently a pet peeve of the President 's as he has fired or has probed officials for them .
Former Dangerous Drugs Board chairman Dionisio Santiago 's foreign trips ridden with supposedly unnecessary expenses was among the complaints Duterte had been looking into when he decided to fire him .
Malacañang is also probing the `` extravagant '' travels of Energy Regulatory Commission officials .
Duterte himself has not been spared of controversy regarding his own trips abroad . A look at Malacañang records show he spent at least thrice more than his predecessors on his official travels abroad . – Rappler.com
A damning report into a Dublin facility for people with disabilities suggests some residents were n't consulted about do not resuscitate orders .
An unnacounced inspection by HIQA in January this year has detailed a litany of major non-compliances .
They include listing `` going to bed '' as community inclusion and attending a physio appointment as an `` activity . ''
Inspectors were n't happy that action had been taken to address potential financial abuse .
There was n't a paper trail to show that residents or their families were aware they 'd been identified as not to be resuscitated .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- The Pamunkey Indian Tribe is looking into opening the first casino in Virginia .
The tribe 's council has approved a plan to build a $ 700 million casino and are currently searching for land in eastern Virginia to build it on , according to the Daily Press .
The casino would feature a performance venue , spa , and hotel .
The Pamunkey Tribe was recognized by the federal government in 2015 and was also granted the ability to pursue a gambling development , although the state currently has no casinos .
Chief Robert Gray says the casino would not be built on their reservation in King William County . So , land will have to be approved as former tribal territory by the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs .
There is no firm timetable for a deal to be completed .
If approved , the tribe says the casino could create 4,000 full-time jobs in eastern Virginia .
NRG Energy 's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON , Del. , June 14 NRG Energy Inc 's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $ 1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business , according to a securities filing .
LONDON The number of people seeking help from a leading British debt advice service hit a record high last year , reflecting a surge in borrowing by consumers and the financial strains on younger workers , the charity said on Tuesday .
Last year 600,000 people sought advice from StepChange for debt problems , up 9 percent from 2015 .
StepChange also said the average amount of debt owed by its clients rose for the first time since the global financial crisis .
The average unsecured debt owed by people using the charity increased to 14,251 pounds last year from 13,900 pounds in 2015 , the first rise in eight years .
British households have borrowed more while wage growth remains weaker than before the financial crisis .
Borrowing by consumers is growing at an annual pace of around 10 percent , something the Bank of England says it is watching closely .
StepChange said younger people were increasingly struggling . Many found their rent was rising by more than their pay from often insecure jobs .
The rise in debt levels was sharpest among clients aged under 25 who saw their average debt level increase by 13 percent to 5,812 pounds . Clients aged under 40 represented 60 percent of the charity 's clients , up from 52 percent five years ago .
StepChange called on the government to introduce a `` breathing space '' scheme for struggling borrowers in England and Wales whose interest and charges would be frozen for up to 12 months , mirroring a scheme already in place in Scotland .
( Reporting by William Schomberg , editing by David Milliken )
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
Remy Ma and her husband Papoose are expecting their first child together .
The couple revealed their big news on Instagram on July 3 , 2018 , as they shared video and photographs of their vow renewal , which they used to surprise their guests with a baby announcement .
Addressing their wedding guests , Remy said , “ Although we told you guys that we were renewing our vows , which we are , we also wanted y'all out here when we told you guys… ” she trailed off as she handed the microphone to her husband .
“ We 're having a baby ! ” Papoose said with his hand rubbing Remy 's stomach .
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a fatal shooting and have identified the victim .
Just after 2.a.m . Sunday , police responded to a shooting call at Dueces Bar in the 3100 block of north Arkansas , in Wichita , according to officer Charley Davidson .
Upon arrival officers located a 27-year-old man with multiple gunshots .
The man identified as Dwayne Brunson of Great Bend , according to Lt. Todd Ojile was taken to an area hospital and into surgery . He died just after 8 a.m. , according to Ojile .
“ Some type of altercation took place inside the club . We are not sure what started it , ” said Ojile . “ During the altercation , someone fired a gun striking Brunson several times . ”
Ojile said they knew Brunson was with two other individuals inside the bar . “ We are working to track down among 30-40 others who were inside the bar at the time of the shooting . ”
Brunson , a native of Queens , New York , according to his FHSU bio . He played basketball for the Tigers from 2012- 2014 and at Barton County 2010-12
Anyone with additional information on this case they can call Crime Stoppers at 316-267-2111 or Wichita Police Detectives at 316-268-4407 .
———
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a fatal shooting .
Just after 2.a.m . Sunday , police responded to a shooting call at Dueces Bar in the 3100 block of north Arkansas , according to officer Charley Davidson .
Upon arrival officers located a 27-year-old man with multiple gunshots .
The man was taken to an area hospital for medical treatment where he died .
Witnesses reported a disturbance occurring between several individuals before the shooting . Anyone with additional information on this case they can call Crime Stoppers at 316-267-2111 or Wichita Police Detectives at 316-268-4407 .
———-
A former Barton basketball player who went on to Fort Hays Sate for two years has died in a Wichita shooting .
According to the Wichita Police Department , 27-year old Dwayne Brunson was shot around 2 a.m. Sunday morning at Deuces Bar , 3105 of North Arkansas in Wichita . Police arrived at the scene to discover that Brunson had suffered multiple gunshot wounds . Brunson who was listed as being from Great Bend , died at a local hospital later that morning .
Brunson was originally from Queens , New York , and played basketball for the Cougars for two years from 2010 to 2012 before transferring to Fort Hays where he starred for the Tigers for two year .
Wichhita Police are searching for suspects . No arrests have been made .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
LONDON , March 31 Legislation paving the way for the eventual listing of shares in the Nigerian Stock Exchange ( NSE ) should be passed this year with the government supporting the move , the bourse 's chief executive Oscar Onyema said on Friday .
The bourse , which is owned by stockbrokers and some institutional investors , announced on Thursday it had been given a green light by its members to become a publicly listed company .
Firstly , parliament has to introduce legislation to transform the bourse into a company limited by shares , Onyema said on the sidelines of an event at the London Stock Exchange .
`` Once the law and the rules and the corporate structure has been approved by the regulators and legislators we can de-mutualise and get a second member vote and then move forward , '' he said , adding he was confident the listing would happen before 2020 .
`` We are going to decide if we need to raise money , and then how to raise money - whether by listing or strategic partnership or private equity , '' he said .
The bourse 's primary listing would be in Lagos , with the option of a secondary one abroad , Onyema added .
The second-biggest bourse in sub-Saharan Africa after Johannesburg , the NSE is a main entry point for investors in Africa and has around 200 listed companies , all included in its benchmark share index .
However , share dealing tumbled 40 percent in 2016 due to the country 's restrictive foreign currency regime . ( Reporting by Karin Strohecker ; Editing by Mark Potter )
As Congress is set to decide on a final version of the Bangsamoro Basic Law in July , civil groups from Marawi City and Lanao del Sur urge lawmakers to restore deleted provisions that would create a 'strong ' Bangsamoro state
Published 9:44 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Civil groups from Marawi City and Lanao del Sur said the final version of the Bangsamoro Basic Law ( BBL ) must be compliant with the peace deal signed in the Comprehensive Agreement on the Bangsamoro ( CAB ) as it is “ the only effective and feasible course ” to achieving peace and solidarity nationwide . ( READ : Final version of BBL holds fate of Mindanao peace process )
“ The BBL crafted by the duly constituted representatives of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) and the Government of the Philippines , by all means and considerations , serves to harmonize , as no other solution tried out in the past , the delicate balance of the need to afford social justice to the Bangsamoro and to uphold the sovereign power of the Philippines state , ” the groups said in a statement .
Civil society organisations on Wednesday , July 4 , gathered for a prayer rally where they urged the government to pass the BTC-crafted BBL . The final version is set to be decided on by a Congress bicameral committee in July . ( READ : Difficult work ahead to reconcile Senate , House versions of BBL )
Groups said the BBL version compliant with the CAB was not a threat to Philippine sovereignty . They expressed concern the final version of the law would be diluted , effectively leaving the proposed Bangsomoro state “ weak . ”
The groups said : “ Both houses , should they persist in their revisions , will fail to replace the weak autonomous government with a strong autonomous government . We fear that the resulting autonomy law for the Bangsamoro will lose the essence of meaningful autonomy . By then , all the decades of long drawn out peace process entered into by both the Bangsamoro and the Government of the Philippines will have been for naught . ”
Groups urged lawmakers to restore deleted provisions in the BBL as they could not afford another “ failed experiment . ”
At a BBL forum held last June , the MILF said they also hoped to restore provisions deleted by lawmakers during the debates .
“ We can not afford to unjustly frustrate a long-hopeful , long-suffering people and not expect to see them take extreme violent actions . We want peace . We are building peace , ” the groups said . – Rappler.com
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
May 3 Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. :
* Blueknight announces first quarter 2017 results
* Says qtrly revenue $ 46.3 million versus $ 41.01 million last year
* Says qtrly net income of $ 3.5 million
* Says `` temporary suspension of service on one of our oklahoma pipelines continues to hamper results ''
* Says `` encouraged by recent national focus on investing in infrastructure improvements , including roads , bridges and pipelines '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay )
BARCELONA Barcelona coach Luis Enrique said on Friday he trusted Neymar to resist being provoked by any aggressive treatment meted out by Espanyol in Saturday 's derby , as the Brazilian forward returns to action after a three-game ban .
Neymar was suspended for applauding an assistant referee after being sent off in the 2-0 defeat to Malaga on April 9 .
Recent Barcelona derbies have been characterised by meaty challenges from Espanyol on their rivals , with Neymar being their main target .
Espanyol will be keen to derail Barça 's title bid on Saturday , but the coach believes the Brazilian will cope with the attention .
`` He is a specialist in dealing with these situations , if there is any player who knows how to accept being fouled , it is Neymar , '' Luis Enrique told a news conference on Friday .
`` Despite everything , he has been sent off very few times . He is ready to play and he will be vital for us . ''
Barça has a slender lead at the top of La Liga , sitting above Real Madrid due to their superior head-to-head record following last week 's thrilling 3-2 away win in the 'Clasico ' at the Santiago Bernabeu .
Real Madrid have a game in hand , however .
The champions have coped well without the Brazilian , scoring 13 goals in the three games he was suspended , although his strike partner Luis Suarez has come in for criticism for failing to find the net in the last five games .
The coach backed the Uruguayan , the second top scorer in the league with 24 goals - behind only Lionel Messi who , with 33 strikes , has netted twice in each of his last three outings .
`` I 'm not worried because you should n't just judge him on his goals but on his overall play and the goals he helps create , '' said the coach .
`` And to judge a player on whether he has scored in such a small amount of games is a triviality . ''
Barça captain Andres Iniesta is a doubt for the derby after missing training on Friday with muscle discomfort .
( Reporting by Richard Martin ; editing by John Stonestreet )
Tributes have been paid to a legendary union leader who fought for fair wages and workers ' rights over many years .
Rodney Bickerstaffe , the general secretary of the National Union of Public Employees ( NUPE ) and its successor Unison , has died aged 72 .
Mr Bickerstaffe campaigned for a basic minimum wage for all workers and championed the cause of striking miners during the year-long dispute of 1984-5 .
He also served as president of the National Pensioners Convention . As head of Unison he was based at Blackgates House in Tingley for many years .
Former colleague Paul Dainton , of Alftots , said : “ Rodney will be sorely missed by a great many people in Wakefield and throughout the UK . He will be remembered for his sense of humour and his caring passion for the working classes and retired pensioners .
“ Our time spent working together in NUPE and Unison , whilst taxing to say the least , was also a pleasure of unity and strength . ”
Current Unison general secretary Dave Prentis said : “ Everyone involved in our union will share in the grief felt at Rodney 's passing . He was a friend , a comrade and a leader , and thanks to his work the lives of countless people have been changed for the better . ”
After two months of mounting anticipation , the Bachelor in Paradise season 4 premiere is here — and it 's diving straight into Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson ‘ s sex scandal .
In case you 're not caught up , the beloved Bachelor/ette spin-off has placed alums in an elaborate game of romantic musical chairs in Mexico every summer since 2014 . This season , however , things took a sharp turn after a sexual encounter occurred between Olympios , 24 , and Jackson , 30 , both of whom had been drinking heavily all day . Warner Bros. subsequently suspended production on the show and launched an internal investigation into “ allegations of misconduct , ” which was later cleared after they deemed nothing improper had occurred . Production soon resumed — this time without Olympios and Jackson . ( For more on the scandal and its aftermath , here 's everything you need to know . )
On Monday 's season premiere , the incident was addressed within the first few minutes — here 's how it all went down .
SPOILER ALERT : The following story will reveal details from Monday 's season premiere of Bachelor in Paradise .
The two-hour opener kicked off with longtime host Chris Harrison welcoming fans to a “ new season of Bachelor in Paradise ” — the one that “ looked like it might not happen . ”
Harrison then acknowledged the show 's decision to suspend production after two and a half days of shooting , admitting that it was an “ extraordinarily stressful and emotional time for our cast and all of our crew. ” With that , he introduced the episode , which began with footage that was filmed pre-scandal .
At first , it seemed like a classic first day in Paradise : One by one , the cast of men and women trickled in and began getting to know each other . Jackson , who had gotten himself into hot water after it was revealed he had a girlfriend during Rachel Lindsay ‘ s season of The Bachelorette , knew a “ hostile ” reception might be awaiting him , and he was n't wrong — but he insisted he had every intention of showing a “ different side ” of himself .
“ I wanted to come here to set everything straight and hopefully find the next Mrs. Jackson , ” he said . “ Because I 'm a good guy . I swear , I 'm like the sweetest guy in the world . I would love to ultimately fall in love . I ca n't wait for that . ”
Then came Olympios ' arrival — two glasses of champagne in hand and immediately branded the “ life of the party ” by her castmates .
“ I personally am not ready to settle down , ” she said . “ I 'm not rushing to find someone . I 'm not going to jump on the first guy that shows me a little bit of attention . If you want to have this , you have to work real hard . ”
But despite her intentions to take things slow , she and Jackson hit it off pretty much immediately after he approached her at the bar . Within minutes , the two were all over each other , hugging and touching , with Jackson massaging her back , picking her up and twirling her around in the air .
“ Corinne and I , man — it 's extremely natural , ” said Jackson . “ I feel it . ”
Sparks continued to fly between the two and their fellow cast members began to pick up on it , with Raven Gates even jokingly asking at one point if they might “ get engaged. ” At 4:30 p.m. , Olympios first jumped into the pool with her clothes on , leading Jackson by the hand .
“ They look like they 're enjoying each other 's company — they seem like they 're ‘ clicking , ' if that 's the word that us young folk are using these days , ” said contestant Alex Woytkiw with a laugh as he observed them cuddling in the pool . “ Corinne and DeMario are already attached at the hip . ”
By sunset that first day , the cast was still milling about , hanging around on the beach or by the pool . The first date card was handed out , with Kristina Schulman offering it to Dean Unglert . Back at the house , the drinks were flowing — a little too much some — and hookups were happening as couples started to form .
But while all of this was going on , Olympios and Jackson were mostly out of sight , with just a couple of brief separate glimpses of them surfacing here and there . The following morning , the two were shown eating breakfast side by side and everything seemed to be totally fine between them , if ever-so-slightly awkward .
As the day progressed , two more dates unfolded : Raven and Robby Hayes , followed by Jasmine Goode and Matt Munson , who stopped by a Mexican drag bar . As for Jackson ? Well , he already had his sights set another contestant : Alexis Waters .
“ I can find love in Paradise and I do want to find love , ” he said . “ So I would love to get to know her a little bit more . ”
That evening , the cast got ready for the first rose ceremony , with the women set to hand out the roses . At that point , it had become clear that whatever had occurred between Jackson and Olympios was already over : Though their interactions were friendly — she even called them “ homies ” — she had decided she would be giving her rose to Vinny Ventiera .
But before that could happen , without any warning , things came to an abrupt and screeching halt during the cocktail party before the ceremony . First , a producer came to pull Olympios aside , while another asked to speak to Jackson in private as the cameramen began to set their equipment down . Confusion and chaos descended on the cast , with no one seeming to have any idea what could have caused them to suddenly suspend production — though Taylor Nolan speculated it might have something to do with “ Corinne and DeMario from the first night . ”
As for what unfolds next , we 'll have to stay tuned to find out . The Bachelor in Paradise season 4 premiere continues Tuesday at 8 p.m . ET on ABC .
March 31 Southwest Gas Holdings Inc :
* Southwest Gas Holdings Inc - on March 28 , co amended revolving credit agreement increasing aggregate amount of credit facility to $ 400 million from $ 300 million
* Southwest Gas Holdings Inc - expiration date of credit facility was extended to March 28 , 2022 from March 25 , 2021 - sec filing Source text ( bit.ly/2no61WM ) Further company coverage :
PARIS French police detained a suspect after an American woman was stabbed to death on Thursday in an eastern suburb of Paris , a police source said .
The source gave no details of the incident which took place in Montreuil and did not identify the victim beyond saying that an American passport was found on her .
Le Figaro newspaper said on its website that the woman was a tourist aged about 50 . It said the attacker was a homeless person who objected to her taking photos of graffiti on walls in the area .
The police source could not confirm whether the attacker was a homeless person , saying the investigation would determine the exact circumstances .
( Reporting by Elizabeth Pineau ; Writing By Richard Balmforth ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
BRIEF-Avita to pay 2016 dividend on July 21
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 21
CLEMSON , S.C. — Clemson coach Dabo Swinney is n't taking a Wake Forest football team that is on the rise for granted . He does n't want his players to either .
Swinney said the second-ranked Tigers ( 5-0 , 3-0 Atlantic Coast Conference ) will get everything they can handle against Wake Forest ( 4-1 , 1-1 ) on Saturday , especially after the Demon Deacons took Florida State to the wire a week ago before falling 26-19 .
`` They 've got great energy and great toughness , '' Swinney said . `` And I just want to make sure everyone understands the type of team that 's rolling in her this week . We need to wake up , show up and be ready to go . ''
Swinney 's never lost to Wake Forest — and perhaps owes them a huge `` Thank you ! '' for getting him the Clemson job . It was the Demon Deacons last win in the series , 12-7 in 2008 , that led to coach Tommy Bowden being let go and then athletic director Terry Don Phillips elevating the personable receivers coach to the head office .
Since then , Swinney is 8-0 against the Deacons and has won three ACC titles and a national championship .
Maybe part of Swinney 's message stems from their home game against Boston College two weeks back . The Tigers , coming off a victory at Louisville , played a midday contest with the Eagles and were off their game for the first three quarters . Clemson eventually scored four touchdowns in the fourth quarter to win 34-7 . Swinney worries the Tigers might not be overcome a slow start this time .
`` That 's what it takes every single week , putting your best foot forward in consistency or performance , '' Swinney said .
Wake Forest coach Dave Clawson wondered if this might be the year to catch the Tigers with so many NFL players like quarterback Deshaun Watson , receiver Mike Williams and tailback Wayne Gallman gone this season .
`` Somehow , someway , they lose all these really good players and then come back and are just as good , if not better , '' Clawson said . `` Right now , they are probably playing better overall football now than when we played them a year ago . ''
The same might be said for Wake Forest , which is looking to start 5-1 for the first time since it won the ACC title in 2006 .
× FedEx truck crash knocks out power to Petersburg school
PETERSBURG , Va. — Classes at Robert E. Lee Elementary School , on Gibbons Avenue in Petersburg , have been moved to the gym and cafeteria after a morning crash knocked out power to most of the school .
A FedEx truck hit a utility pole near the school early Monday morning .
“ The area surrounding Robert E. Lee Elementary School has lost electricity because of a traffic accident , ” according to a Petersburg City Public Schools spokesperson . “ All Lee students are safe and part of the school has electricity thanks to a generator . ”
Teachers plan to use the school 's outdoor courtyard for additional learning space .
While the school day will end at its normal time — 4:05 p.m. — all after-school activities have been canceled .
Dominion Virginia Power estimated power would be returned between 2 p.m. and 5 p.m .
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland .
Watch the forum live on Rappler
Published 8:48 AM , March 20 , 2018
The University of the Philippines ( UP ) and the Integrated Bar of the Philippines hold a forum at UP BGC on the Philippines ' withdrawal from the International Criminal Court Tuesday , March 20 .
Invited guests include Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque , Chief Presidential Legal Counsel Salvador Panelo , Commission on Human Rights Commissioner Roberto Cadiz , and Professor Antonio La Viña . – Rappler.com
HANOI Formosa Plastics Corp 's steel mill in Vietnam has met environment ministry conditions to start test runs , state television said on Wednesday , a year after a toxic spill from the plant caused the country 's worst environmental disaster .
State-run Vietnam television VTV said the ministry announced the conclusion after a three-day inspection visit of the Taiwanese company 's plant . It will still require approval by the government before it can go ahead with tests of its first blast furnace .
A year ago , the $ 11 billion Ha Tinh Steel plant accidentally spilled toxic waste that polluted more than 200 km ( 125 miles ) of coastline , devastating sea life and local economies dependent on fishing and tourism .
Recovery on the coast has been a slow process and many communities remain angry about the spill and the pace of action to fix the problems .
Formosa has addressed 52 out of 53 violations identified in an official investigation into the spill , VTV cited the ministry as saying .
The remaining violation was its use of a 'wet ' coking system , which generates more waste than the more modern 'dry ' coking systems which do not use water as a coolant but are more expensive .
A release of water from the wet system after a power failure was the cause of the toxic spill . The company is expected to put in place a dry coking system by 2019 .
If the government decided to allow the steel plant to operate before Formosa finished fixing the wet coking system it would be irresponsible , said priest and activist Nguyen Thanh Tinh .
`` I 'm really worried to know this . Maybe our fight to protect the environment will have to continue for a long time , but we surely will not give up , '' he said .
Last year 's spill , and the delay in addressing it , triggered rallies and an outpouring of anger not seen in four decades of Communist Party rule .
Formosa last month said it would boost investment by about $ 350 million in the project to improve environmental safety measures with the hope of starting commercial production by the fourth quarter of this year .
The company welcomed the environment ministry 's decision on Wednesday .
`` This not only allows us to take the first step before we can start production , it also reaffirms our redoubled dedication to protecting the environment , '' an executive of the steel plant told Reuters by phone . `` We will allow no room for further mistakes . ''
( Additional Reporting by Faith Hung in TAIPEI ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
click to enlarge
Last week , the news broke in the Washington Examiner that Sonoma County Sheriff Steve Freitas ( pictured ) was one of six California sheriffs to meet with Jeff Sessions , just as the anti-immigration zealot and Alabama senator was getting voted in as U.S. Attorney General . Sonoma County Sheriff spokesman Sgt . Spencer Crum addressed some questions sent to him about the Freitas meeting . ( The full report is on the Fishing Report blog at Bohemian.com . )
Bohemian : Sessions supports deportation of so-called Dreamers under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals . What 's the sheriff 's view on DACA ?
Sgt . Crum : Sheriff Freitas believes in cooperating with our federal counterparts to keep communities safe . His viewpoints have been widely shared with the community and can be found on a video on the front page of our website . Sheriff Freitas has a policy that sheriff deputies can not ask anyone about their immigration status , and we do not assist ICE in immigration raids based solely on immigration . If someone is committing crimes , we will do our best to enforce the law or assist any law-enforcement agency .
Bohemian : Who paid for this trip to Washington ?
Sgt . Crum : This is a taxpayer-funded trip . No other members of the sheriff 's department accompanied him . President Trump addressed the group , welcoming them and expressed his support of local law-enforcement entities . Sheriff Freitas did not have any meetings with the president . —Tom Gogola
A A
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group claimed responsibility Monday for a mass shooting at an Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people , most of them foreign tourists from Muslim countries who were ringing in the new year . It was the first claim of its kind for IS in Turkey .
The group said Christian revelers were targeted in response to Turkish military operations against IS in northern Syria . The claim came after an IS propaganda video urging attacks on Turkey , which is home to an airbase used in the U.S.-led effort against IS in Syria and Iraq .
Turkish authorities never confirmed the authenticity of the Dec. 22 video that purported to show Turkish soldiers who were burned alive , but access to social media was temporarily restricted in what appeared to be an effort to curb its circulation .
The nightclub assailant , armed with a long-barreled weapon , killed a policeman and a civilian early Sunday outside the Reina club before entering and firing at some of the estimated 600 people inside . The establishment is frequented by famous locals , including singers , actors and athletes .
The Islamic State group boasts of having cells in Turkey , regularly issues propaganda in Turkish and is believed to have hundreds of Turks in its ranks . But until now , the main act of aggression it had claimed in Turkey was the March 2016 killing of a Syrian journalist and an attack on riot police in the province of Diyarbakir , which Kurdish militants also claimed .
For some analysts , the claim of responsibility signaled a shift in IS strategy in Turkey , a predominantly Muslim nation .
“ It 's a new phase , ” security analyst Michael Horowitz said . “ What we saw before was an undeclared war , and now we 're entering an open war . ”
The IS claim said only that the attacker was a “ soldier of the caliphate ” who struck to “ let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories . ”
Early Turkish media reports suggested the Istanbul nightclub gunman was probably from either Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan and may have been part of the same cell that staged the airport attack .
Authorities obtained the fingerprints and a basic description of the gunman and are close to identifying him , Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said Monday after a weekly cabinet meeting . He confirmed eight people have been detained in connection to the attack .
By attacking as the nation was celebrating the new year , the group indicated that it intends to continue being a “ scourge ” against Turkey in 2017 , Kurtulmus said .
Initially , IS activity in Turkey appeared designed to stoke tensions with the country 's ethnic Kurds and reflected events in Syria . The first dramatic attack came July 2015 , when a suicide bomber hit a rally of activists in the border town of Suruc , at a time when Kurdish fighters in Syria where under siege just across the border in Kobane .
The worst IS-linked attack to rock Turkey came just months after , in October 2015 , when twin suicide bombings killed 102 people at a peace rally in the capital , Ankara .
In 2016 , IS was blamed by analysts and Turkish authorities for a wider range of attacks , including the June attack on Istanbul Ataturk Airport that killed 45 people and two other deadly bombings against tourists in Istanbul . IS was also suspected of directing an attack by a suicide bomber — possibly as young as 12 — that killed more than 50 people at an outdoor wedding in the city of Gaziantep .
A member of NATO , Turkey launched an offensive to northern Syria in August in a bid to clear a strategic border area of IS militants and contain the gains of Kurdish fighters . In October , Turkish-backed Syrian forces took the symbolically important town of Dabiq , which is central to IS propaganda . Turkish jets regularly bomb IS in the then town of Al-Bab , and Ankara wants to play a role in dislodging IS from its bastion in Raqqa .
“ Islamic State is sending a strong message to the Turkish government that it will pay in blood for the offensive in northern Syria , ” Anthony Skinner , an analyst with the Verisk Maplecroft security firm , wrote in an email to The Associated Press .
Many analysts also see IS the latest attack on Turkey as a sign of growing desperation .
The group has been threatened in al-Bab , Raqqa and Mosul in Iraq and “ needs to reassert itself , ” said Horowitz , director at the intelligence analysis firm Prime Source .
The aggression on Turkey , he added , is in line with the group 's practice of equating mass-casualty terrorism attacks with heavy bombings and airstrikes on IS-held territories .
In its claim , IS said the nightclub attack was aimed at Christians celebrating a pagan holiday , suggesting a symbolic choice of target that can be justified to radical Sunni Muslim supporters as punishment of sinners . But in reality , many of the victims hailed from majority-Muslim nations in the Middle East .
Max Abrahms , a Northeastern University political scientist , said IS understands that civilian attacks can be counterproductive in countries where it has abundant support and has avoided conflict with authorities in Turkey and Saudi Arabia . To him , the change of tact in Turkey reflects that IS is “ desperate ” in the wake of losses in Syria and Iraq .
“ There 's no question that Islamic State is suffering in an irreversible way , ” Abrahms said . So the group “ is keen to commit as many attacks as possible these days and is much more likely to claim credit for them in order to signal that it has continued capability to mount operations around the world . ”
Also Monday , Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations . Last week , Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations .
CHICAGO , April 20 Illinois ' budget crisis dragged down the credit ratings of six state public universities and Chicago 's community college system on Thursday in a slew of downgrades by S & P Global Ratings .
The rating for the University of Illinois , the state 's largest system , fell one notch to A after S & P determined it could only be three notches above the state 's BBB rating . S & P also warned of a further downgrade if the state failed to fund the system beyond a stopgap amount of $ 356 million approved last June .
Illinois is limping toward the end of its second straight fiscal year without a complete budget due to a political stalemate between its Republican governor and Democrats who control the legislature .
The impasse has resulted in only partial appropriations for state universities , forcing most of them to tap reserves and cut expenses .
`` Given the budget impasse of fiscal 2016 , ongoing fiscal 2017 budget impasse , and the absence of an agreement among elected leaders , it is our opinion that state appropriations to public universities in Illinois will remain uncertain in the intermediate term , '' S & P said in a report .
Southern Illinois University 's credit rating was dropped into the junk level of BB from BBB , while ratings for Northeastern Illinois and for Eastern Illinois universities fell deeper into junk , at B , from BB . Western Illinois University 's rating was cut to BB-minus from BBB-minus and Governors State University 's rating was downgraded to BB from BB-plus .
S & P also lowered the rating four notches to BBB from A-plus for the City Colleges of Chicago , which operates seven community colleges .
The ratings were placed on a watch list for a potential subsequent downgrades .
S & P affirmed an A rating for Illinois State University on Thursday , but placed the school on the same watch list as the others .
Illinois ' record-breaking budget impasse has been hard on the universities , which have been hit with rounds of bond rating downgrades over the past two years .
Earlier this week , Moody 's Investors Service placed seven Illinois universities on review for possible rating downgrades affecting $ 2.2 billion of debt . ( Reporting by Karen Pierog ; Editing by Richard Chang )
SPOKANE , Wash. — A homeless man stole a van from a bakery and rammed it into a building . That building just so happened to be a police precinct .
Employees at Sweet Frostings Blissful Bakeshop in Spokane were loading a gingerbread house into a van early Sunday morning , when a man screaming profanity and threats approached .
The frightened staff retreated into the shop , leaving behind the gingerbread house , the van and the van 's keys .
The man sped off in the van before crashing into the glass entrance doors of the Spokane Police Department 's downtown precinct .
The man was arrested on suspicion of vehicle theft and felony harassment for threatening to kill the workers , among other charges .
The gingerbread house won the people 's choice award in the Gingerbread Build-off competition at the Davenport Grand Hotel .
Milwaukee Bucks guard Malcolm Brogdon will be sidelined for up to eight weeks with a partially torn left quadriceps tendon .
Brogdon suffered the injury during the second quarter of the Bucks ' 108-89 loss at Minnesota on Thursday night . The reigning Rookie of the Year went down after a dunk and needed to be helped off the floor .
The Bucks said in a statement Friday they learned the extent of Brogdon 's injury after he underwent an MRI and an examination by the team 's doctor .
Bucks forward D.J . Wilson said he had feared that Brogdon 's injury was even worse .
`` Finding out that he 's going to be out for a couple of months kind of shocked me . Shocked all of us , '' Wilson said . `` Six to eight weeks is a long time , but not as long as it could have been . ''
Brogdon has played in 46 games this season and is averaging 13.3 points , 3.3 rebounds and 3.2 assists per game . He and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar are the only Bucks players to win the league 's top rookie honours .
`` It 's unfortunate that he got hurt . We understand that it 's part of the game , '' Bucks coach Joe Prunty said . `` He 's tough-minded and he will battle through this . ''
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By The Associated Press
Spain 's Defense Minister Carmen Chacon looks to the family of the dead Spanish soldier John Felipe Romero Meneses , after his coffin arrived at Barcelona airport February 2 , 2010 . REUTERS/Gustau Nacarino
MADRID Spain 's first female defence minister , Carmen Chacon , once a leadership contender for the main opposition Socialist party , died on Sunday at the age of 46 .
`` Dismayed by the premature departure of Carmen Chacon . Today all Socialists mourn out of pain and helplessness , '' the party said on its Twitter page .
The cause of death has not been confirmed , although Spanish news outlets reported that she had been suffering from heart disease .
Chacon , who was from Barcelona , was defence minister from 2008 to 2011 under Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero . She was seven months pregnant when she took on the role , which cast her into the media spotlight .
After Zapatero lost Spain 's 2011 national election , Chacon ran to be the head of the Socialist party but narrowly lost .
She was the party 's secretary for international relations between 2014 and 2016 when she resigned .
( Reporting by Angus Berwick ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
HOUSTON ( AP ) – The Houston Texans are feeling pretty good after scoring a franchise-record 57 points in a win over the Tennessee Titans last week . Now they 'll see if they can keep things up offensively against the NFL 's only undefeated team in the Kansas City Chiefs . The Texans ( 2-2 ) understand say they ca n't rest on what they did last week .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – The NFL is looking into a claim by Washington Redskins receiver Terrelle Pryor that a fan in Kansas City made racist remarks to him . Pryor says it got so bad that a league employee had to stand next to him on the sideline .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) – It has only taken four games for Kareem Hunt to earn a reputation as a second-half star . The Chiefs rookie only gets stronger while everyone else gets tired in the fourth quarter , and that has been reflected in his numbers . He averages 5.7 yards per carry through the first 30 minutes and 8.3 yards the second .
LINCOLN , Neb . ( AP ) – No . 9 Wisconsin has won four straight and five of six against Nebraska , and the Badgers enter the game Saturday night as the biggest favorite of any visiting team at Memorial Stadium in 43 years . Sole possession of first place in the Big Ten West will be at stake . The Huskers are entering a crucial stretch , with back-to-back home games against Wisconsin and No . 10 Ohio State and a trip to improved Purdue .
NORMAN , Okla. ( AP ) – Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield set an NCAA record for passing efficiency last season . He has posted even better numbers this season . His efficiency has helped the Sooners win an FBS-best 14 straight games . Mayfield looks to keep the momentum going Saturday against Iowa State .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) – For the past two seasons , the Texas Longhorns were a disaster on defense and that spelled doom in the Big 12 . That may be changing . Under first-year coach Tom Herman and defensive coordinator Todd Orlando , the Texas defense is playing faster , hitting harder and creating more opportunistic turnovers . Now the Longhorns head into the heart of the Big 12 schedule , starting Saturday night at home against Kansas State .
IOWA CITY , Iowa ( AP ) – For the first time in nine years , Iowa is 0-2 in the Big Ten . What a perfect time for the Hawkeyes to host Illinois . Iowa could n't have asked for a better situation ahead of its bye week than facing the Fighting Illini on Saturday – at least on paper . The Hawkeyes are surprisingly just 12th in the Big Ten in rushing offense , but Illinois is last in the league in rushing defense .
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) – Kansas has lost 10 straight games to Texas Tech . But there have been several close calls along the way , including a nip-and-tuck affair at Memorial Stadium two years ago . And that has given Kansas confidence and Red Raiders coach Kliff Kingsbury plenty of reason to have his team prepared . The two teams meet Saturday at Kansas .
Washington Gov . Jay Inslee 's visit to Vancouver raised a few eyebrows when he appeared to support to B.C . Premier John Horgan 's effort to stop the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline system .
Inslee sidestepped a question from a Vancouver reporter about his own state 's use of the pipeline to supply crude to its refineries at Anacortes , Cherry Point and Ferndale , some of which is sold back to B.C . as refined fuels .
Kinder Morgan , current operator of the Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to its terminal in Burnaby , also operates a branch line running from Abbotsford to Washington that supplies the Shell and Tesoro refinery complex at Anacortes , the Phillips 66 refinery at Ferndale and BP 's Cherry Point facility , the largest in Washington located just 11 km south of Blaine .
View from Anacortes , WA to the sprawling Shell-Tesoro refinery complex at March Point . This and two other big WA refineries are supplied by @ TransMtn and Alaska tankers running daily past B.C . # bcpoli # cdnpoli @ GovInslee pic.twitter.com/4ojSraPpnh — Tom Fletcher ( @ tomfletcherbc ) March 19 , 2018
Inslee spoke of shipping noise affecting orcas and a growing demand for electric cars in his state , and avoided discussing Washington 's own busy oil industry . He noted his state 's rejection of an oil port at Vancouver , Washington , to transport shale oil produced from North Dakota , and thermal coal export facilities proposed to deliver from Wyoming to Asia .
“ We share the most beautiful part of at least North America , ” Inslee said at a joint news conference with Horgan Friday announcing a high-speed rail study . “ And that vision that we have of perpetuating that beauty for our grandchildren is at risk by increasing the tanker traffic through the Haro Strait and the Strait of Juan de Fuca by going up about five to seven times . ”
But most of the existing tanker traffic around the south end of Vancouver Island is coming from Alaska , and heading for those Washington refineries and others in California . The Seattle-based Sightline Institute estimates that while 10 per cent of Washington 's crude oil comes from the Alberta oil sands via Trans Mountain , more than half comes from Alaska 's Valdez tanker terminal . Washington refineries also receive crude oil tankers from the Middle East and Africa , and oil by rail from growing U.S. shale production is also increasing .
RELATED : Tugboat crewman ‘ fell asleep ' near Bella Bella
Inslee warned of a “ dramatic ” increase in tanker traffic from the Trans Mountain expansion . In fact it would represent a six per cent increase in total shipping traffic for the region , including freighters loaded with barely refined bunker fuel and U.S. fuel barges like the one that ran aground at Bella Bella in 2016 .
Mumbai 's adored Padmini taxis near the end of the road
By Peter HUTCHISON
Mumbai ( AFP ) June 14 , 2017
They were named after a legendary Indian queen and were synonymous with Mumbai for half a century but the last Premier Padmini taxis will soon embark on their final journey -- to the scrapyard .
The compact black-and-yellow cabs , based on an Italian Fiat and often boasting elaborately patterned interiors , were once ubiquitous across the congested roads of India 's financial capital and have featured in countless Bollywood movies .
Around 65,000 Padminis plied Mumbai at their peak in the mid-1990s but a gradual phasing out in favour of newer , more environmentally friendly vehicles has meant that today only some 300 splutter around and officials predict they will disappear completely next year .
For many the passing of the Indian-built vehicle , a product of the Asian giant 's closed economy of the 1960s and a classic , albeit now rusting , car which continues to enthral foreign tourists , will be the end of an unforgettable chapter in Mumbai 's history .
`` It really is an iconic car because for so long it was the only vehicle used by taxi operators here . It must have been the largest fleet in the world , '' A. L. Quadros , a taxi union chief in Mumbai , told AFP .
The first Padminis , an Indian take on the Fiat 1100 Delight , rolled off production lines at the Premier Automobiles Limited factory in Mumbai , then called Bombay , in 1964 under an licensing agreement with the famous Italian car manufacturer .
They were initially known as `` Fiat taxis '' before being renamed Padmini in 1973 after mythical Hindu queen Rani Padmini who legend has it lived during the 13th and 14th centuries .
- Padmini v Ambassador -
Mumbai authorities in the 1960s opted for the Padmini over the bulkier Hindustan Motors Ambassador -- the taxi of choice in Delhi and Kolkata , which was the only other car widely available in India at the time -- and their numbers increased exponentially during the '70s and '80s .
`` The Padmini was chosen because it was small and attractive . It was nice to drive and you could park it anywhere easily . It was comfortable and people liked it , '' said Quadros .
Not known for their speed or boot space , Padminis are characterised by their low ceilings , large gear stick to the left of the steering wheel and quirky silver-coloured door handles which require passengers to trickily lift up and push to get out .
Today , many have colourful carpeted ceilings and seat covers while some boast bright , multi-coloured neon lights which illuminate the inside of the cab at night .
But they are also known for dodgy brakes , indicators that fail to work , doors that do n't close properly and a tendency to let in water during Mumbai 's four-month summer monsoon .
As Autocar India editor Hormazd Sorabjee points out they were hardly famous for being finely-tuned automobiles .
`` The welding was poor and sloppy . Even when it came out of the factory it was in terrible condition and you 'd probably have to get it fixed . That 's just how it was in India in those days , '' he told AFP , referring to the years before India 's economy opened up in 1991 .
- Anti-pollution measures -
Liberalisation paved the way for the arrival of more spacious , reliable , comfortable and fuel-efficient vehicles such as Hyundai models . Numbers steadily declined and production of Padminis was stopped altogether in 2000 .
Their death knell was finally sounded in 2013 when the government implemented an anti-pollution order banning cars more than 20 years old from Mumbai 's roads . The number of Padminis has declined rapidly since and Quadros expects there will be none left on the roads by December 2018 .
Taxi driver Mukund Shukla , who has manoeuvred his Padmini through Mumbai 's hectic streets for 20 years , is sad about the prospect of his beloved vehicle being sold for scrap .
`` This Padmini has given me company for two decades and I will miss it deeply , '' said the 47-year-old , who plans to take a bank loan to afford the 500,000-rupee ( $ 7,700 ) cost of a new taxi .
But not everyone is upset about the Premier Padmini fading into history .
Sorabjee said : `` Modern cars are light years ahead in terms of technology . The Padmini had nothing going for it by the end , nostalgia apart . ''
San Francisco ( AFP ) June 8 , 2017
Uber has parted ways with another top executive , in the latest dent to the reputation of the ridesharing giant as it prepares to release the results of a probe into workplace misconduct . The executive , Eric Alexander , read and discussed medical information about a woman raped in India in 2014 during an Uber ride , according to reports in the New York Times and Recode . Alexander , who heade ... read more
Related Links
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins 's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday , which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group .
Sheffield Arena will remain Steelers ' home for a minimum of five more years , it was announced today .
Both sides have entered into a new partnership taking them into 2023 - which should produce better facilities , including ice quality .
TICKETS : For Sheffield Steelers dates and tickets at Sheffield FlyDSA Arena - CLICK HERE .
The deal replaces previous short contracts and the parties says such a long term commitment will allow both `` to build and grow the partnership . ''
A club spokesman said : `` This is fantastic news on so many fronts for both the Steelers and SIV and will enable both parties to make investments to improve their business on a longer term footing and ultimately improve the game day experience both on and off the ice .
`` In practical terms this partnership will mean :
* Improved dialogue and priority on fixtures and ice availability at both the Arena and iceSheffield ;
* A commitment to improve the quality of the ice and address the issue of the aging ice plant within this new partnership term
* A joining of forces commercially in terms of hospitality and suites , the creation of a new merchandise store and Steelers fan specific food and drink initiatives
* Working together to market and promote the team
Steelers ' owner Tony Smith says deal will see an incest in a new ice plant and merchandise store at Sheffield FlyDSA Arena
* The development of more community initiatives such as 'Skate with the Steelers ' at iceSheffield and looking to bring major international hockey events to the city by building on the work started on the recent Continental Cup bid . ''
Dominic Stokes , Head of Entertainment and Events at SIV , said : “ This marks the start of a new energy and enthusiasm by both parties to a relationship that has existed for the past 27 years . ”
Steelers ' owner Tony Smith said “ We are delighted to conclude the negotiations with Dom and his team and look forward to working alongside him in providing the best hockey entertainment on the ice and the best facilities off it for both the players and our fans .
“ In the past contracts have been short between both parties and maybe that has been down to the fragile ownership that came before my family took control seven years ago .
This is our home - where our dreams are made of , says Steelers ' Marketing Manager David Simms
`` We are now the longest ownership group in the club 's history and coming with that long-term stability that we have bought is the confidence that the Arena and SIV have in us to deliver .
“ In recent months we have already seen so much co-operation between both sides . This will continue and improve . The Arena is our home , it has been for 27 years and will continue to be for the foreseeable future .
“ Dom has mentioned , SIV will invest in a new ice plant something that is needed if we are to continue to improve the product we put out throughout the season .
“ As owners , we have never been afraid to invest in the Steelers whether that be in the team or on items such as the Video Tron that supporters enjoy so much and that has become such a big part of our match night .
“ In the weeks and months ahead more great plans that we have will come to fruition and the supporters of our team and customers of the arena will see the benefits in this contract and the joint collaboration between both sides .
“ This is a good deal for the Steelers , a good deal for the Arena and SIV but most of all a good deal for those who come and support us in this great building . ”
Dominic Stokes , Head of Entertainment and Events at SIV , says : This marks the start of a new energy and enthusiasm by both parties . ''
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Usain Bolt , running the penultimate race of his career , led Jamaica safely through their semi-final in the 4x100 metres relay at the World Athletics Championships on Saturday while the United States ran the fastest time of the year .
Bolt , who announced on Monday that he would also run in the heats , will race for the last time in the final on Saturday when he hopes to bow out with his 20th global championship title .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
Running the last leg , Bolt eased home , looking over his shoulder , as Jamaica won the second of the two semi-final heats in 37.95 seconds , ahead of France ( 38.03 ) and China ( 38.20 ) .
Jamaica are aiming for a fifth successive world title in the event but will face a stiff challenge from the U.S. who won the first heat in 37.70 seconds , with Christian Coleman , silver medallist in the 100 metres , running the anchor leg .
`` It feels like second nature because we work well together . We are confident we can win . We will go and prepare well for tonight , '' said Michael Rogers , who ran the first leg for the United States .
Britain were second in the first heat in 37.76 , also faster than Jamaica 's time , while Japan were third . Canada and Turkey also qualified as the fastest losers .
Bolt 's presence ensured a capacity crowd for the morning session . `` It 's hard to be sad because of the energy I 'm getting from the crowd , '' said the Jamaican , who suffered a rare defeat in the 100 metres when he took bronze .
'He 's not that person , he has always denied it , ' Lim 's lawyer says of the businessman being linked to the drug trade
Published 11:23 AM , August 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Peter Lim , the Cebu-based businessman accused of involvement in the drug trade , did not show up for the first day of his preliminary investigation at the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) on Monday , August 14 .
Only his lawyer Magilyn Loja was at the DOJ on Monday . `` The setting for today is only for us to be furnished a copy of the complaint . We were deputized by our client to attend today 's hearing to obtain a copy on his behalf , '' Loja said .
The lawyer added that her client Lim `` is just around . '' According to information from the Bureau of Immigration ( BI ) as of August 2 , a certain Peter Go Lim arrived in the country via the Mactan-Cebu International Airport from Hong Kong last June 27 . Rappler is still obtaining updated information from the BI as of posting time .
`` [ My client ] vehemently denies that he is the person referred to as Peter Go Lim aka Jaguar . He 's not that person , he has always denied it , '' Loja said .
The preliminary investigation is the start of official proceedings to look into the allegations against Lim more than a year after President Rodrigo Duterte named him a drug lord .
A subpoena was served on Lim in his residence in Cebu City on August 1 , but only a security guard received it .
Detained drug personality Kerwin Espinosa was present at the hearing , but he refused to talk to reporters .
Kerwin Espinosa attends DOJ prelim inv on drug trade , conspiracy . No Peter Lim . @ rapplerdotcom pic.twitter.com/TNUDnHYTyD — Lian Buan ( @ lianbuan ) August 14 , 2017
Lim is facing a complaint of drug conspiracy and trading filed early July by the police 's Criminal Investigation and Detection Group ( CIDG ) Major Crimes Investigation Unit .
The complaint accuses Lim of supplying `` staggering amounts of shabu '' to Espinosa 's drug network .
Espinosa is also included in the complaint along with Peter Co , Marcelo Adorco , Max Miro , Lovely Impal , Ruel Malindangan , Jun Pepito , Jeremy alias Amang , a certain Ricky , Warren , Tupie , Jaime , Yawa , Lapi , Royroy , Marlon , Bay , and several John Does .
Adorco , who identifies himself with the Espinosa drug group and was arrested in a buy-bust operation in July 2016 , was the one who named Lim as one of their suppliers .
`` That person is not present here ... I requested that he be presented so that he can subscribe to his affidavit before this panel . Unfortunately , the reason given to us is that it will be very costly for him to be brought here . Nonetheless considering that the crime imputed to my client is very grave , we find it [ necessary ] that he should be presented , '' Loja said .
The lawyer said she will advise her client to attend the next hearing .
Lim , who mingles with Cebu 's elite , had been spotted twice with Duterte in large parties June last year . He had previously sought a meeting with Duterte to claim he 's not involved in drugs .
The police complaint however says otherwise .
`` The Peter Lim who had supplied them staggering amounts of shabu is the same Peter Go Lim , a businessman from Cebu City , who was named by , and later surrendered to President Rodrigo Duterte in July 2016 , '' the complaint said . – Rappler.com
A A
WASHINGTON — As Barack Obama began preparing to leave office , the first smartphone-toting U.S. president ordered his team to upgrade the White House 's aging technology for his successor . New computers were purchased and faster internet was installed .
Not included in the modernization plans ? A courier service .
But that delivery method of a bygone era may be in for a comeback under Donald Trump . Despite his voracious use of Twitter , the president-elect appears to be leaning toward old tech to ensure the security of sensitive messages .
“ It 's very important , if you have something really important , write it out and have it delivered by courier , the old-fashioned way because I 'll tell you what , no computer is safe , ” Trump told reporters Saturday in response to questions about Russia 's alleged hacking of Democrats during the presidential election . Trump , who does n't email or surf the internet , said days earlier that computers “ have complicated lives very greatly . ”
Trump 's skepticism of some technology marks a sharp contrast from the president he 'll replace on Jan. 20 . Obama , who was a youthful 47 years old when he took office , carries a specially outfitted Blackberry , emails with a small number of friends and aides , and has received some of his daily security briefings on an iPad . He celebrated technological innovations at an annual science fair , created the job of chief technology officer in the White House and viewed technology as key to making the sprawling federal government more efficient and responsive to the public .
But technology has also been a burden for Obama . Online sign-ups for his health care law were crippled by massive technical issues , resulting in one of the most embarrassing episodes of his presidency . National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden stole classified information that he leaked to journalists , revealing the Obama administration 's bulk collection of millions of Americans ' phone records , as well as U.S. spying on some friendly foreign leaders .
Trump , 70 , rarely uses a computer and sifts through stacks of newspapers , magazines and printed articles to read the news . He panned candidates ' reliance on data and technology in presidential campaigns , preferring to make decisions in part based on the reaction from audiences at his rallies . While Trump 's tweetstorms are already legendary , he utters some of his messages out loud and leaves the actual typing to aides .
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he expects Trump to continue using Twitter and other social media sites as president , casting it as an effective way to communicate with Americans .
“ Absolutely , you 're going to see Twitter , ” Spicer said Sunday on ABC 's “ This Week. ” “ I think it freaks the mainstream media out — that he has this following of 45-plus million people that follow him on social media ” and he “ can have a direct conversation ” with them .
Trump has shown some interest in technology since winning the White House . Billionaire tech investor Peter Thiel has been working with Trump 's transition team and could serve as an adviser to the administration . Trump met with several Silicon Valley executives last month , telling them his administration was “ here to help you folks do well . ”
As Trump heads into the White House , some of the biggest questions surrounding his relationship with technology will involve security . U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee and a top aide to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton during the election , exposing the vulnerabilities of systems in Washington . Revelations that Clinton used a personal email and private internet server during her four years as Obama 's secretary of state highlighted the lax practices that exist in government .
As a candidate , Trump called for an immediate review of U.S. cyber defenses and vulnerabilities , though he has not detailed specific steps he plans to take to bolster cybersecurity and has not publicly accepted the intelligence community 's conclusion that Russia was behind the election year hacking . Nor has Trump outlined any changes in the way he expects the White House to use technology for day-to-day work .
Bruce Schneier , a technology security expert , said Trump was right to question the safeguards that exist for protecting his own communications as president .
“ If the Russian spies want to get at his data , no computer is probably safe , ” said Schneier , a fellow at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government . “ Everything is vulnerable . ”
Of course , the courier system Trump suggests is hardly foolproof , either . After the U.S. killed 9/11 mastermind Osama bin Laden , administration officials said they had gleaned crucial information on his whereabouts by tracking the al-Qaida leader 's courier .
FILE PHOTO : Figure Skating - ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final 2016/2017 - Men Free Skating - Marseille , France - 10/12/16 - Nathan Chen of the U.S. competes . REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier/File Photo
HELSINKI The following are the leading contenders for the men 's title at the world figure skating championships which open on Wednesday :
Javier Fernandez ( Spain )
World titles : Two ( 2015 , 2016 )
European championship titles : Five ( 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 )
Personal best scores : Total ( 314.93 ) , short ( 104.25 ) , free ( 216.41 )
The double world champion will be favourite to complete a hat-trick of world titles after capturing a fifth successive European gold medal earlier this season .
A fourth-place finish in the Grand Prix Final was his only blip this season but his seamless mix of powerful quads -- with three expected in his free skate -- and artistic choreography could make him the man to beat heading into next February 's Winter Olympics in South Korea .
Yuzuru Hanyu ( Japan )
Olympic titles : One ( 2014 )
World titles : One ( 2014 )
Personal best scores : Total ( 330.43 ) , short ( 110.95 ) , free ( 219.48 ) -- all world records
Like Fernandez , the Japanese skater is coached by 1987 world champion Brian Orser .
The Olympic champion has the ability to thrill and disappoint in equal measure . Last year he failed to capitalise on a spectacular short skate in Boston by messing up his free programme -- a performance that left him collecting a second successive world silver behind Fernandez .
Following his record-scoring performances last season , the Japanese favourite has struggled to reproduce that thrilling form heading into Helsinki .
He has introduced a quadruple loop into his programme this season but a clean performance has so far eluded him .
Should his quadruple jumps fall into place , his silky skating skills could carry him to the top of the podium again .
Nathan Chen ( U.S . )
Four Continents titles : One
Personal best scores : Total ( 307.46 ) , short ( 103.12 ) , free ( 204.34 )
The 17-year-old American has enjoyed a debut senior season to remember as he upstaged Hanyu to win the Four Continents title in February .
A quad-jumping powerhouse , the teenager became the first skater in history to land four different types of quads ( Lutz , flip , toeloop , Salchow ) and five in total in his free skate at this year 's U.S. Championships .
However , while completing four aerial revolutions , time and time again , is fast becoming his trademark , his performances lack the artistic finesse of the programmes exhibited by rivals such as Fernandez , Hanyu and Patrick Chan .
If he pulls of an expected seven quads across his short and free skates cleanly though , he could upstage the old guard in Helsinki .
Patrick Chan ( Canada )
World Titles : Three 2011 , 2012 , 2013
Personal best scores : Total ( 295.27 ) , short ( 99.76 ) , free ( 203.99 )
The three-times world champion , who failed in his bid to become the first Canadian to win the men 's Olympic title in Sochi in 2014 , has struggled to keep up with the fast-changing pace of men 's figure skating .
His intricate footwork and graceful choreography need to be backed up with high-scoring quadruple jumps -- landed cleanly -- if he wants to win a medal .
He has added a quad Salchow to his repertoire but even that might not be enough .
Jin Boyang ( China )
Personal best scores : Total ( 289.83 ) , short ( 98.45 ) , free ( 191.38 )
China 's first men 's world medallist -- with bronze in 2016 -- is another competitor who will be attempting to land five quadruple jumps in his free skate .
His crowd-pleasing routines to Michael Buble 's 'Spider-Man ' theme in the short and 'La Strada ' in the free skate thrill the fans but the 19-year-old has yet to claim a top prize in any international meeting .
Shoma Uno ( Japan )
Personal best scores : Total ( 288.05 ) , short ( 100.28 ) , free ( 195.69 )
Uno has enjoyed a consistent season by winning a medal in each of the seven competitions he has entered during 2016-2017 .
The 19-year-old would like nothing better than to emerge from Hanyu 's shadow and has showcased his talent by regularly landing a quadruple flip and quadruple loop this season .
He settled for bronze at both the Grand Prix Final and the Four Continents but has the talent and the weapons to do even better .
( Reporting by Pritha Sarkar ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
April 28 Cameco Corp , the world 's second-biggest uranium producer , posted a quarterly loss , partly hurt by weak prices and the termination of a contract by Tokyo Electric Power Co .
The Canadian company said its net loss attributable to equity holders was C $ 18 million ( $ 13 million ) , or 5 Canadian cents per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , compared with a profit of C $ 78 million , or 20 Canadian cents per share , a year earlier .
Revenue slipped nearly 4 percent to C $ 393 million .
( $ 1 = C $ 1.36 ) ( Reporting by Swetha Gopinath and Muvija M in Bengaluru ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
The Vancouver Island Construction Association conference is set to tackle the issues surrounding the use of cannabis on the job when it becomes legal later this year .
Rory Kulmala says it is one of eight sessions planned when delegates meeting in Victoria later this spring… ..
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $ 0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017 , compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Disclaimer : the excerpts below have been carefully selected to leave out real spoilers , but proceed with caution .
Just as fatigue started to set in after a dozen-plus movies , Marvel treated audiences to a couple crowd pleasers . `` Thor : Ragnarok '' and `` Black Panther '' both showed that Marvel is at its best when they let strong creators shuck the weight of franchise obligations . Can the Russo brothers take the opposite task — the biggest mash-up of Marvel 's movie characters to-date — and spin that into gold ?
`` Avengers : Infinity War '' hits theaters on April 26th . Wonder if you should buy tickets now ? Here 's what the reviews say :
As You Probably Know , The Big Bad Dude , Thanos , Is Trying To Get All The Infinity Stones And Do Some Evil
Thanos , the shadowy alien figure who put the events of the first Avengers movie into motion , is coming . He 's after the six Infinity Stones , which are scattered across Earth and space , and it 's up to our heroes to stop him before he gets them all and attains an omnipotent power to warp reality to his dark will .
[ Polygon ]
The Russos waste no time getting down to business , picking up with Thanos aboard the intergalactic ship Thor ( Chris Hemsworth ) and his merry mates were aboard at the conclusion of Thor : Ragnarok .
[ The Daily Beast ]
It 's A Jam-Packed Movie , And If You 've Got Any Emotional Investment In It , You 'll Be Hooked
It feels packed , but not rushed , delivering a story that 's surprisingly simple and straightforward , for all its threads — the Russos & Co. know exactly how much to bite off and chew .
[ Polygon ]
One hopes that some of the more topical themes debated by the Avengers in the previous installments—particularly about their role in geopolitics and the security state—will be addressed at some point in the second film . It would be a little frustrating if all that half-baked discourse was just wiped out by a bad guy who 's bigger than politics . For now , though , the emotional takes persuasive precedence over the pseudo-intellectual .
[ Vanity Fair ]
Obviously , Your Favorite Hero ( es ) Wo n't Get As Much Screen Time As You Hoped
Most of the Marvel superheroes appearing in Infinity War , particularly Black Panther and Captain America , are compressed , concentrated versions of themselves . T'Challa ( Chadwick Boseman ) is given five or so lines to be majestic in his defense of Wakanda ; Cap gets a few more minutes to be noble and inspiring .
[ Vox ]
[ Thanos ' ] prominence may disappoint some fans hoping for more from their favorite heroes , because with so many heroes to juggle , none of them really get to stand out .
[ io9 ]
If you 'll recall from Captain America : Civil War ( which I 'd argue was a better movie than this one , thanks in part to the great Leipzig airport battle royal ) , our heroes may agree on the saving the world , but tensions exist . They need to be smoothed over , stat .
[ Entertainment Weekly ]
The Script Does An Able Job Of Juggling The Characters And Their Accompanying Moods
Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely wrote all three Captain America entries and have a deft , jokey , sometimes glib touch that spreads the humor around and prevents this long film from ever getting stodgy .
[ The Hollywood Reporter ]
It 's a testament to Markus and McFeely 's work that the film never feels crowded , even though it 's juggling such a massive number of movie stars . In fact , the film is able to give many characters their own meaningful story arcs throughout the film , with Tony Stark , Star-Lord ( Chris Pratt ) , Gamora ( Zoe Saldana ) , and the Vision / Scarlet Witch love story given particular focus . The result is a film that often feels surprisingly earnest and emotional . It pays off the emotional investment movie audiences have been making in these characters for years , sometimes in genuinely heart-wrenching ways .
[ The Verge ]
Likewise , The Russo Brothers Make The Competing Marvel Styles Work Together Nicely
Those shortcomings are largely offset by the Russos ' ability to convey the distinctive dispositions of their many protagonists , so that the Guardians scenes boast their typical droll banter , and Cap and Black Panther 's partnership is marked by stout , resolved gravity .
[ The Daily Beast ]
In a film that mixes so many different elements , it would be easy for many of these characters ' essential traits to fall by the wayside . But the Russo brothers do n't just preserve the characters ' innate sensibility . They 're actually able to incorporate the filmmaking sensibilities of the different franchises into their own tapestry .
[ The Verge ]
Josh Brolin 's Thanos Might Not Be The Best Marvel Villain , But He 's More Captivating Than You 'd Think
We 've met him fleetingly in the past , but now here he is front and center , a saturnine and surprisingly compelling villain given voice and lumbering body by Josh Brolin . Thanos has spent too much time on the wrong subreddit or something , and now lives by a pretty extreme philosophy that involves him trying to kill half of everything that 's alive in order to finally bring peace and balance to the universe .
[ Vanity Fair ]
If he lacks the scene-stealing charisma of Michael B. Jordan 's recent Black Panther baddie Killmonger , he exudes a heavyhearted menace that 's made more unnerving by his clearly articulated , wholly insane justifications for his mission—and the lengths he 'll go to complete it .
[ The Daily Beast ]
Thanos is just a bland sociopath who will stop at nothing to complete his collection , which is a bold choice for a movie aimed at comic-book fans . It also does n't help that “ Avengers : Infinity War ” ca n't seem to make up its mind about how powerful Thanos is . Even when his gauntlet is only half-full , it would appear that he could flick aside the worst that the Avengers aim his way , but then there 'd be no movie .
[ TheWrap ]
If nothing else , Thanos does feel like a real character instead of just a purple bad guy – and even if we are probably never going to walk away thinking , You know , he had some interesting ideas , at least we get a sense of , Okay , his reasoning is bad , but at least we know where he 's coming from now .
[ UPROXX ]
The Last Act Is One Gargantuan , All-Out Battle ...
It 's the largest-scale onscreen fight I can recall since the Battle of Helm 's Deep in The Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers . Our heroes , in a valiant last stand , are the only thing that stands between Thanos and universal destruction .
[ Vox ]
In the new film , when the odds often seem to be against the Avengers , the cast delivers some of its most stirring work , projecting an almost mythical level of heroism that taps into the universal allure of comic books with their valiant , larger-than-life characters .
[ Screen International ]
... And With Stakes This High , The Scale And Treatment Of Violence In The Film Can Be Jarring
The violence is ratcheted higher than usual — parents , please note we get both torture and genocide this time around [ ... ]
[ TheWrap ]
The thousands of fallen bodies have all the weight of computer-game figures . Even Ryan Coogler — whose boxing-ring work in Creedwas masterly — could in Black Panther barely rise above competence in showing people being slaughtered wholesale . It 's a matter of philosophy , of ethos , and Marvel 's is to throw more attention on whooshing entities in souped-up suits and stuff blowing up real good than on anything halfway human .
[ Vulture ]
All Together , 'Infinity War ' Strives To Be More Than Just Another Superhero Team-Up Flick
You know how a lot of superhero movies get lauded for being “ grounded more in reality ” or even “ it 's less a superhero movie and more a movie about today ” ? Yeah , no one will ever say these things about Avengers : Infinity War .
[ UPROXX ]
By the end of Avengers : Infinity War , it 's almost hard to get your mind around everything you 've seen—to the point where you may start planning your next screening as you walk out of the theater .
[ io9 ]
With Alan Silvestri 's score pulling out the stops and our heroes fighting for — and , in some cases , losing — their lives , the final bruising scenes on the planet Titan seem nearly Wagnerian in their grandeur .
[ Vulture ]
Infinity War moves , sounds , and acts like a typical Marvel movie , but then unmasks itself as a creature distinctly its own .
[ Vox ]
The Ending Will Leave People Aching For The Next Film
Without giving anything away , the climax is startling in its gravity and no Marvel fan will leave before the long final credits scroll gives way to the traditional kicker tease at the very end , which amplifies the ending by serving up even more questions , not answers .
[ The Hollywood Reporter ]
A decade of films has led up to Thanos , and Avengers : Infinity War delivers on that threat with a film that upends the entire fabric of the Marvel Cinematic Universe . No character is safe from the far-reaching implications of his actions , and it 's impressive to see just how dark Marvel is willing to go for this story .
[ The Verge ]
It 's after midnight on 4/24/18 , and I 'm sitting across from my 15-year-old daughter , who claims not to like movies much but is an exuberant Marvel fan , and who rocked and laughed and gasped throughout the long running time of Avengers : Infinity War . Before the film , she could n't believe she was seeing it days ahead of the rest of the world , which made me feel like Super Dad . Now , I feel extra puny . She is curled up in a chair , repeating , “ What the f— just happened ? ” over and over . Her eyes are still red from crying . She begs me to do the movie justice .
[ Vulture ]
TL ; DR
It 's been easy to criticise individual chapters of the MCU for being insubstantial — merely episodes in a longer , denser , years-long narrative . Infinity War pays off that patience , and even leaves one waiting for what comes next .
[ Screen International ]
Intimidated By All The Characters ? Do n't Be
Need a refresher on which movies are part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and what order to watch them in ? Digg 's Fan Service series has you covered .
Watch The Trailer
JOHANNESBURG , April 6 South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma is not opposed to a protest march by civil society group SaveSA this week to the capital 's Union Buildings , where his offices are located , his office said in a statement on Thursday .
`` The Presidency respects the right of South Africans to protest peacefully as enshrined in the Constitution of the Republic . The Presidency is thus not opposed to the march by SaveSA to the Union Buildings , '' Zuma 's office said .
SaveSA and similar civil society groups will march together in Pretoria on Friday , and the main opposition party Democratic Alliance will march in the commercial hub , Johannesburg . ( Reporting by James Macharia ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
LONDON Northern Ireland have not received an official request from Norwich City to speak to Michael O'Neill amid media reports linking their manager with the Championship club .
The Belfast Telegraph reported on Tuesday that O'Neill was a leading target for the club , who it said had spoken to the 47-year-old 's representatives about the position .
`` No , we are not aware of any approach , '' an Irish FA spokesman said .
O'Neill 's stock has risen since taking Northern Ireland to Euro 2016 , their first major tournament since 1986 .
They are also in contention to reach the playoffs for next year 's World Cup finals , lying second in Group C , five points behind Germany but ahead of the Czech Republic and Norway .
Norwich is on course to finish mid-table in the Championship following their relegation from the Premier League in 2016 .
They have been without a permanent manager since sacking Alex Neil in March and will end the season under caretaker Alan Irvine .
Northern Ireland 's next qualifier is against Azerbaijan on June 10 .
( Reporting by Neil Robinson , editing by Ed Osmond )
For decades , the Washington Post has been an `` open shop , '' meaning that joining the union is voluntary rather than mandatory . As a result , the entire staff is not required to be members of the union ( although the union still bargains for everyone ) , and the union is therefore weaker .
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year .
Rumor , the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year 's show , had come close to simply hanging up her leash and retiring . Instead , she stormed back to win her category again this year — and then , to top it all off , beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday , as well .
The triumph makes her only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster 's 141-year history . Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat .
Not only that , but as NPR 's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month , Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year 's dog show : cats . The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete .
Still , whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point . The dogs — big and small , noble and loony — are the main event .
So , without further throat-clearing , here 's what you came for : A few of our very favorite images from the competition .
New Zealand Rugby is not prone to alarmist statements or snap decisions so their imminent move to facilitate sabbaticals with overseas clubs emphasises how difficult player retention has become .
Player exodus is nothing new but the vast majority used to depart after a four-year World Cup cycle . Now , the lure of the All Blacks and chance to feature at pinnacle events is not enough for some even within the match-day squad . Regardless of age , securing financial futures is fast becoming top priority .
NZR previously broke the mould and set a trend in the Southern Hemisphere by allowing non-playing and short-term sabbaticals for the likes of Dan Carter , Richie McCaw and Ben Smith .
Rather than sit idle and watch talent — from experienced to emerging — continually picked off , NZR is again preparing to move with the times and be flexible by forging relationships with overseas clubs .
Advertisement
Details are yet to be finalised but the Herald on Sunday can reveal NZR plans to offer sabbaticals with select clubs in Japan and Europe — those they feel have sound coaching structures and support systems .
Specific clubs at this stage are being kept under wraps but Wayne Smith will do some work with Japan 's Kobe Steelers , and Robbie Deans coaches the Panasonic Wild Knights in the same league . In Europe , there are many Kiwi coaches — Todd Blackadder at Bath just one .
The theory is by attempting to facilitate offshore stints , NZR can allow leading players to cash in for one or two years and then guarantee their return .
New Zealand Rugby head of professional rugby contract negotiations Chris Lendrum . Photo / Supplied
While the players are overseas NZR will , in theory , maintain contact and believe these players wo n't be run into the ground as they are by demanding owners at many of the French Top 14 clubs .
Still , for an organisation steadfast in its policy of not selecting players from overseas , actively helping All Blacks spend time abroad represents a major shift .
Convincing agents to send players to designated clubs will prove challenging , especially when salaries elsewhere are greater , but NZR is clearly attempting to think outside the box .
`` There 's a range of things we can try to do to control our own destiny . Part of that is absolutely working closely with partners offshore , '' NZR head of professional rugby Chris Lendrum told the Herald on Sunday .
`` There can be benefits both ways by working with entities in Japan or the European market . That absolutely has to be on the table for us — and is . It 's a real focus for us over the next six months to look at what else we can do from a system and contracting point of view because we have to try and retain as many of our leading players as possible .
`` We 're entering a period of greater risk than we 've seen for quite some time . We 're having to constantly adjust our relativity in response to offshore activity so it is a really challenging period . The offers from the French market have jumped considerably and there 's more room and competition in the UK . ''
There 's a range of things we can try to do to control our own destiny . SHARE THIS QUOTE :
When Luke Braid and Nasi Manu , two quality loose forwards just below the All Blacks , left New Zealand two-to-three years ago they are thought to have accepted around €200,000 to €300,000 ( $ 338,000 to $ 507,000 ) per season . Now offers for players of similar stature have jumped to the €400,000 to €500,000 category .
French clubs have been boosted by record broadcast deals , and the UK 's 12 Premiership teams are all scrapping for marquee players .
In late 2016 , NZR and the Players ' Association invested an extra $ 70 million into the player payment pool , increasing the pot from $ 121 million to $ 191 million over the next three years . And yet still they struggle to compete .
`` At the time we did the new collective I thought we were in a good space , '' Lendrum said .
`` We committed extra money ; we targeted senior players and it was really well received but you never really catch up . ''
Not just those at the top end may benefit from this sabbatical scheme .
`` It 's tough . Seeing players like Brad Shields and Charlie Ngatai go is very challenging for us . Those are our experienced leaders in our Super Rugby environments ; players who help develop the younger players like Damian McKenzie and Rieko Ioane .
`` It 's that depth in leadership that helps drive our Super Rugby and All Blacks . If we lose a critical mass of players in that space we leave ourselves at risk . Normally we get into this window and we feel a little bit more comfortable because we 're so close to a World Cup and by and large people want to be involved but the world is changing in front of us . ''
Indeed , while most leading All Blacks are locked in to the 2019 World Cup , fears are understood to be mounting about what the New Zealand rugby landscape could look like come 2020 .
No doubt new talent will emerge , but Super Rugby and so , too , eventually the international game , could suffer dramatically if key players exit at the same rates .
`` In this climate we 're not prepared to take anything for granted . ''
World Rugby boss Brett Gosper , speaking at the inaugural Hamilton sevens , admitted the flow of players from the Sanzaar nations north was an issue but offered no solution .
`` I 'm sure there 's concern , '' Gosper said .
`` There 's a little bit of an imbalance happening and there is an attraction with the big dollars in countries like France .
`` We have heard noises from the French federation that they will work to cut those [ import ] numbers which would be good news for France as well as the unions from which those players are migrating north .
`` The All Blacks have been very strong at keeping their own but there will always be the player that heads north because they are happy to find riches elsewhere . They 've got to make that choice about whether that 's worth sacrificing a place in their national side .
`` There 's not a lot we can do about that at World Rugby — there 's pretty strong market forces . But it 's up to the local unions to make it as attractive as possible to stay in the country . ''
* Third and final production train at Gorgon plant starts up
* Production at Gorgon Train Two suspended on March 27
* Reliability of Train Three in question -traders
* Spot LNG supplies could rise on Train Three startup -traders ( Adds details on Train 2 outage , trader comments )
By Mark Tay
SINGAPORE , March 28 Chevron has started production of liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) from the third of three production units at the Gorgon LNG project located off Western Australia , the company said on Tuesday .
Chevron is the operator of the $ 54 billion project that has a total of three production trains with a combined production capacity of 15.6 million tonnes per year .
First production of the supercooled fuel from Gorgon began in March last year , but the plant has been plagued by numerous unplanned outages since then .
Chevron most recently suspended production at its Gorgon Train Two production line on March 27 .
`` We just need to see how reliable that is , '' a Singapore-based LNG trader said , referring to the plant 's troubled production history . `` People learnt from previous Gorgon and Angola trains that we need to see how stable their production is . ''
The Train Three startup could add to the existing supply glut in the Asian LNG spot market because some of the production volumes from the new production line are not committed to buyers , a second trading source said .
`` They might do more of the prompt tenders , '' the source added .
Asian spot LNG prices LNG-AS have fallen by 45 percent since early January to $ 5.40 per million British thermal units ( mmBtu ) amid new production coming on stream in Australia and the United States .
Chevron holds a controlling stake of 47.3 percent in the project , while ExxonMobil and Shell each have a 25 percent stake . The remaining stakes are held by Osaka Gas , Tokyo Gas and JERA . ( Reporting by Mark Tay ; Editing by Richard Pullin and Christian Schmollinger )
A massive new distribution center is now open just off I-10 in Harrison County . The 300,000 square-foot facility will be used to store and distribute the titanium dioxide that Chemours produces .
Leeds United 's horror run continued against Cardiff City as they had yet another player sent-off and conceded four goals for the second home game in a row .
The Whites were forced to play the whole of the second half with a man down once again with Gaetano Berardi this time red carded for two bookable offence in the eyes of referee Graham Scott , who recently made headlines with his poor handling of a recent Chelsea cup match .
His performance was a big talking point again as he missed an off the ball challenge by Sol Bamba on Pontus Jansson that led to the United defender being stretchered off . Moments later Scott then booked Berardi for a strong challenge when he appeared to win the ball and later in the half a second foul by the Leeds full-back brought his early bath .
Leeds fans were also unhappy with the official after he denied their side a penalty after Ezgjan Alioski and they made their feelings know at half-time as the official walked off .
It was not the referee 's fault that Leeds struggled defensively in the first half , however , and they went in three down at the break .
The players showed great spirit in the second half and raised hopes of a Millwall-style comeback when benefiting from a Bamba own goal , but as much as they tried their 10 men could not pull off a footballing miracle .
Cardiff , with their side of giants , were obviously going to be a big threat from set pieces and long throw-ins and they had plenty of them early on , winning the first header almost every time .
The visitors went ahead in the ninth minute when Callum Paterson headed home at the far post after Matthew Pennington had failed to clear a corner .
Leeds could have levelled two minutes later with Pierre-Michel Lasogga seeing a well struck 25-yard shot tipped onto the post by Cardiff keeper Neil Etheridge .
Lasogga was guilty of a glaring miss in the 24th minute as he seemed certain to score only to head the ball onto the crossbar from inside the six-yard box . The ball then fell to Alioski , but with the goal gaping he was not quick enough to react and saw his shot deflected wide .
The big talking point followed Jansson 's injury after an off the ball incident with former United defender Bamba , but Leeds were still making the running at this stage and Lasogga put substitute Stuart Dallas in only for the Northern Irishman 's shot to be too weak and easily saved by Etheridge .
The game changed towards the end of the half , though , with Cardiff going two up as Pennington was turned too easily by Paterson and from his low cross Junior Hoilett sneaked in to score with makeshift centre-back Berardi seemingly leaving the ball to go out .
Berardi 's sending off followed in injury-time and from the free-kick that he gave away after going to ground the visitors netted again , centre-half Michael Morrison being left free to head home Hoilett 's delivery .
Leeds did make a spirited start to the second half when Dallas 's low cross was turned into his own goal by Bamba .
For all their improved play with a back three system and wings backs Dallas and Alioski doing well the Whites did not manage a shot on goal until Alioski sent a 25-yarder over in the 86th minute .
Cardiff were held at bay , however , and had few chances to load the box with set pieces with new midfielder Adam Forshaw doing a decent job as another makeshift defender . But they did put the icing on their cake in the 89th minute with a fourth goal as Anthony Pilkington was left with a tap-in from a low cross .
United head coach Thomas Christiansen was understandably down after the game .
He said : “ It was a very bad day . We did n't come into the game in a good way and went a goal down early .
“ When we were 1-0 down we created two good opportunities , one very clear , and were unable to score .
“ After we got the injury to Pontus , the only player we have over 1m 80 , in the team , it was difficult to defend against the height they had and the physical way they play with getting crosses and long throw ins .
On the cost of the defeat in terms of losing two players to injury and suspension , Christiansen added : “ I do n't believe Pontus will be ready for the next game after his injury .
“ We know Berardi goes in 100 per cent when he tackles , but when you have been booked you have to be careful going to ground . You have to be 100 per cent sure you are going to win the ball .
“ You have to have intelligence . Of course , they should have it after what 's been happening , but with the emotion it 's difficult . It 's up to the players on the pitch . It 's difficult to show them how not to take a red card because I can not be in their mind . ”
Match facts
Leeds United 1
( Bamba og 54 )
Cardiff City 4
( Paterson 9 , Hoilett 42 , Morrison 45+4 , Pilkington 89 )
Saturday , February 3 , 2018
Sky Bet Championship
Attendance : 30,534
Leeds : Wiedwald , Berardi ( sent-off 45+3 ) , Pennington , Jansson ( Dallas 30 ) , De Bock , Forshaw , Vieira ( Grot 86 ) , Alioski , Hernandez , Roofe , Lasogga ( Sacko 74 ) .
Cardiff : Etheridge , Manga , Morrison , Bamba , Traore , Grujic ( Halford 83 ) , Ralls , Wildschut ( Pilkington 55 ) , Paterson , Hoilett , Madine ( Zohore 72 ) .
Referee : Graham Scott
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. - Beth Murphy , Campus Director for Bryant & Stratton College , stopped by the Virginia This Morning studio to share the details behind the diverse programs offered and the upcoming spring semester .
Spring 2018 classes start Wednesday , May 2 . Enrolling through May 11 .
Delays are building on the M62 motorway after a vehicle overturned .
Highways England said two lanes of the M62 westbound are now closed between Junction 34 near Knottingley and Junction 35 at Rawcliffe .
Motorists have been warned to take care on approach after the vehicle overturned at around 1.30pm today ( Tuesday ) .
The financial-services company behind Fearless Girl , the statue of a young woman challenging Wall Street 's Charging Bull , is about to pay millions of dollars to women employees who say it treated them unfairly . Boston-based State Street has agreed to a $ 5 million settlement over allegations that it paid female employees less than their male counterparts .
According to the Labor Department , State Street , the asset management firm that installed the statue—which has been hailed by some as a powerful symbol of female equality—has paid women in top leadership roles less men in similar positions . The government also alleges that the company paid some of its black executives less than white executives in the same role .
The finding are based on an analysis the agency ran at the firm 's Boston headquarters in December 2012 , which concluded that pay disparity dated back to “ at least December 1 , 2010 , and continuing thereafter. ” The DOL first notified State Street of its allegations in March , soon after Fearless Girl was installed on Wall Street .
Sign up : Click here to subscribe to the Broadsheet , Fortune 's daily newsletter on the world 's most powerful women .
The firm disputes the government 's findings and shared the following statement with Fortune :
“ State Street is committed to equal pay practices and evaluates on an ongoing basis our internal processes to be sure our compensation , hiring and promotions programs are nondiscriminatory . While we disagreed with the [ DOL 's ] analysis and findings , we have cooperated fully with them , and made a decision to bring this six year-old matter to resolution and move forward . ”
The settlement is particularly awkward for State Street given its very public support of women 's empowerment . It installed the Fearless Girl statue , in part , as a promotion for SHE , a State Street exchange-traded fund that invests only in companies committed to gender diversity . At the same time , it issued an announcement that it would vote against corporate boards that did not take serious steps to improve their gender diversity .
State Street has also instituted company-wide goals aimed at establishing gender parity in its management ranks , as Fortune reported in a feature article in May .
Yet the company 's actions and messaging have n't always been consistent . Bloomberg reports that State Street has taken a different path when it comes to shareholder proposals related to gender pay , voting against all but two of them .
This article originally appeared on Fortune.com
NAPA , Calif. — Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open .
Making his second career PGA Tour start , Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa .
Duncan , the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge , also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131 .
`` It 's crazy , it 's nothing I could have ever dreamed of , '' said Duncan , whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open . `` I do n't think it 's sunk in yet , to be honest . It 's something I 've dreamed about for a long time . I 'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special . ''
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67 . He 's 30 under is his past six rounds in the event .
`` It was really a solid day , very similar to yesterday , '' Steele said . `` I hit a lot of good shots , rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy . ''
Chesson Hadley , who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders , broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes . He parred the final two holes .
`` It 's just one of those days everything was going my way , '' said Hadley , the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained his tour card through the Web.com Tour . `` I was hitting great shots , good putts and got some good breaks . When you get that of momentum , things just go your way .
He had an eagle , 10 birdies and a bogey . His previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT & T Pebble Beach Pro-Am .
Graham DeLaet of Weyburn , Sask. , is five shots back after a second round 67 . Nick Taylor ( 68 ) of Abbotsford , B.C. , and Corey Conners ( 69 ) of Listowel , Ont. , are five under while Ben Silverman ( 71 ) of Thornhill , Ont. , is 3 under and David Hearn ( 72 ) of Brantford , Ont. , is 1 under .
April 5 Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc
* Walgreens Boots Alliance reports fiscal 2017 second quarter results
* Q2 sales $ 29.4 billion versus I/B/E/S view $ 30.28 billion
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $ 1.36
* Q2 GAAP earnings per share $ 0.98
* Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc says company authorizes $ 1 billion share repurchase program
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 1.36 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Walgreens Boots Alliance - maintained its guidance for fiscal 2017 and continues to expect adjusted diluted net earnings per share of $ 4.90 to $ 5.08
* Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc says continues to expect that it will realize synergies from acquisition of Rite Aid in excess of $ 1 billion
* Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc says qtrly retail pharmacy USA division comparable sales increased 4.2 percent
* Walgreens Boots Alliance - '' continues to be actively engaged in discussions with Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) regarding '' pending Rite Aid acquisition
* Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc says on a constant currency basis , qtrly retail pharmacy international division comparable store sales decreased 0.9 percent
* Fy 2017 earnings per share view $ 4.99 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 6 Glorious Sun Enterprises Ltd :
* Group ( through its wholly-owned subsidiary ) entered into sale and purchase agreement
* Deal at a consideration of hk $ 220 million
* Agreement to dispose of its interest in target company to purchaser , a company owned by charles yeung and yeung chun fan
* Company and jeanswest international ( l ) entered into master supply agreement
* Estimates that disposal will generate a gain of approximately hk $ 89.6 million
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage :
May 2 Betta Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to take part in a new round of financing to boost capital of 50 million yuan in Beijing Biostar Technologies Ltd
* Says co will transfer 15 percent of the capital subscription to a tech firm which owned by technology and management team members of Beijing Biostar Technologies as incentive equity , for free
* And co will hold 4.5 percent stake in Beijing Biostar Technologies Ltd after transaction
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/nyIsKL
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
click to enlarge
Among the most celebrated bands in Ireland today , We Banjo 3 have spent two decades regaling audiences with a mix of Irish traditional tunes and Americana grass-fed folk for a sound steeped in history and infused with contemporary sensibility . Featuring banjo , fiddle , mandolin , guitar , vocals and percussion , We Banjo 3 give a new twist to old classics and invent modern takes on old sounds in a style they call “ Celtgrass , ” and this weekend , the banjo band make their way to the North Bay with a show on Sunday , Feb. 19 , at Sweetwater Music Hall , 19 Corte Madera Ave. , Mill Valley . 8pm . $ 20– $ 22 . 415.388.3850 .
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville , Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Singing River Health Clinic is now open seven days a week . The Sunday office hours have already made an impact on patients .
Good news for people who need medical attention on a Sunday - the Singing River Medical Clinic in Pascagoula is now open seven days a week .
It 's already making things easier on patients , including Raquel Williams of Moss Point .
“ I 'm fighting this cold that I had , ” Williams said . “ I 've been fighting it all week and I did n't want to really miss work tomorrow . So , it being open on Sunday and providing care is just excellent for me . ”
Word about the new hours is spreading .
“ Last Sunday , being our first Sunday , they only saw four , ” said nurse practitioner Cayla Switzer . “ So , we 've basically quadrupled our numbers . ”
The clinic , which is open late Monday through Friday , is staffed by seven physicians and nurse practitioners . Along with support staff , the clinic treats acute to chronic conditions for children and adults for appointments , or walk-in visits .
“ As we all know , if our children are going to get sick or we 're not going to feel good , invariably it 's a night . It 's on the weekend when it 's hard to get in to see someone , ” said Georgia Storey , director of guest and community relations with Singing River Health System .
Switzer says an added bonus is shared information and proximity to the hospital .
Office hours :
Monday-Friday , 7:30 a.m.-7 p.m .
Saturday , 8 a.m.-5 p.m .
Sunday , 10 a.m.-4 p.m .
Services offered :
Acute Care
Bronchitis , ear ache/infections , cough/cold , strep throat , fever , influenza , sinus infections , minor sprains/strains/wounds , urinary tract Infections , skin rashes/infections/insect bites and common headaches/migraines
Chronic Conditions :
Hyperlipidemia , diabetes , hypertension , asthma , arthritis , stress , anxiety , depression , kidney disease and thyroid disorders
Office Procedures :
Sutures/suture removal , ear wax removal , pap smear , joint injections , physicals , sport physicals , mole/wart and toenail removal and STD screenings
Other Services :
Flu shots , various other rapid resulting tests as well as in-house lab services
Preventive services , Medicare annual wellness and general wellness , including Head Start physicals , Coast Guard physicals , sports physicals , adoption physicals , college physicals , camp physicals and GYN exams
Flu and pneumonia vaccines available .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson and pregnant girlfriend Lauren Hashian made their first red carpet appearance as parents-to-be just hours after announcing they 're expecting their second child – a girl !
On Monday , the couple stepped out for the Los Angeles premiere of his upcoming film Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle at the TCL Chinese Theatre where the actor , 45 , lovingly put his hand around his partner of a decade while singer/songwriter Hashian cradled her baby bump .
The mother-to-be was glowing in a short-sleeved red velvet dress that featured a thigh-high slit while her famous boyfriend opted for a maroon suit .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Christopher Polk/Getty
Johnson announced the baby news on Monday with a little help from the pair 's daughter Jasmine Lia , who turns 2 on Dec. 16 .
“ Our Jasmine Lia would like to make a big announcement – IT 'S A GIRL , ” the former WWE star captioned a photo of his toddler posing in front of the family Christmas tree with a sign that “ It 's a Girl ! Ca n't wait to be a big sister ! And finally be the boss ! ”
He concluded the caption , writing , “ @ laurenhashianofficial and I are boundlessly grateful for this blessing as this spring we 'll welcome our second baby . Plus , Jazzy is excited to boss around and protect her lil ' sis . And once again , big daddy is completely surrounded by beautiful estrogen and loving , powerful female mana . All girls . One dude . And a boy dog . I would n't have it any other way . # ItsAGirl # GratefulMan # TequilaTime . ”
The baby girl will be Johnson 's third daughter . The star is also father to 16-year-old daughter Simone Garcia Johnson , who was named 2018 Golden Globe Ambassador , previously known as Miss Golden Globe , in November .
Jumanji : Welcome to the Jungle hits theaters Dec. 20 .
In 1948 in Sicamous , Gordon Mackie evacuates his maternal grandmother , Phoebe Ann Kelley , in a wheelbarrow in June of 1948 . ( Photo courtesy of the Salmon Arm Museum at R.J. Haney Heritage Village )
Mosquitoes figure prominently when Gordon Mackie thinks back to 1948 .
Mackie , a former mayor of Sicamous , will be 90 in July . He remembers well the flooding 70 years ago .
Shuswap Lake 's highest level on record over the past 150 years or so was in 1948 at 349.82 metres . A close second was 1972 , with 349.69 metres .
“ We had mosquitoes like you would n't believe . You could n't walk around anywhere , ” he says , explaining that people would put light oil on the water to try and curb the invasion . “ That worked pretty good in those days . Most larvae could n't breathe really well through the oil . But there were miles of sloughs in the valley . ”
DDT was also sprayed generously from an old army smoke machine , with no awareness at that time of its dangerous environmental effects .
To avoid the annoying insects , when residents ventured outside they would wrap newspaper , held in place with rubber bands , around their arms under their clothes .
“ It would be hotter than a fire cracker , ” he recalls . “ It was a tough go . We did n't have all the tools you do now . ”
Related : Shuswap Lake just keeps rising
Mackie was living in Sicamous and his dad ran a tugboat .
“ My dad took the tugboat to Salmon Arm… He was able to come right in and tie up at at the CPR fence . ”
Salmon Arm seemed to be as badly flooded as Sicamous , he says , with the Salmon River stretching far and wide . Travelling the lake could be hazardous , “ with debris coming down – driftwood and dead cows and everything else . ”
Train travel was also affected . Mackie says everyone travelled by passenger train in those days , which went from Sicamous to Kelowna every day but Sunday . One day the water had risen so high that the train crew was afraid it would put out the firebox that created the steam power . As a result the train was shut down for a couple of weeks .
Related : Victims of devastating flood get financial relief
During the flooding , people would help each other out or fend for themselves , with little or no help from the government . Flood relief in 1948 came in the form of a metal box , about 16 inches long and 10 inches wide .
“ It had first aided stuff in it… It did n't arrive until everything had dried up . ”
One of the bad things was the effect of the flood on fruit trees in low-lying areas , which would eventually die . Mackie remembers the garden at his family 's home .
“ You could walk out with hip waders and you could see strawberry plants with strawberries on them , and fish swimming . ”
Water was in the basement of their house for about two or three weeks , but dried up completely by the end of July .
Because people used septic systems which flooded , temporary community “ biffies ” were set up on high ground .
Mackie 's grandparents lived right on the channel , so they had to move out and stay at his home . A photo of Mackie was taken pushing his grandmother in a wheelbarrow .
“ It was the handiest at that particular time . First of all I thought she could just climb on my back , but then I thought , that 's not very good , she 's an older lady . ”
So he asked her if she could climb into the wheelbarrow .
“ So we managed to get her in the wheelbarrow with her suitcase , and booked her out of there . I thought she was real old – late 60s maybe , ” he laughs .
Related : 2012 – Shuswap flood risk still rising
Mackie said he thinks the main reason for the 1948 flood was a very cool , slow spring , which warmed up in mid-May and combined with hard rain . He is n't predicting a 1948-style flood this year .
“ Floods , they were just a natural occurrence , some years worse than others . ‘ 48 turned out to be a bad one , and ‘ 72 seemed a little worse , ” he says , suggesting it might be because there were n't as many buildings in 1948 .
“ My guess , and this is just a guess , I suspect we 're within a week of peaking on Shuswap Lake . It might get up to where it was in 2012 ( 349.44 ) , but I do n't think it will make that much . That 's just my guess . Unless it should all of a sudden turn around and rain like crazy , then all bets are off . ”
@ SalmonArm
marthawickett @ saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
This 1948 photo shows a mill underwater , likely the Canoe mill , with the building to the left and wood piles in the background . ( Photo courtesy of the Salmon Arm Museum at R.J. Haney Heritage Village )
In 1948 , the Salmon River flooded , the highest in written records . The photo shows the north side of the Salmon River Bridge , with water almost touching the base . ( Photo courtesy of the Salmon Arm Museum )
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
× A tunnel under Puget Sound ? Not as crazy as you 'd think .
SEATTLE– An idea being floated this week to Kitsap County Commissioners would connect Seattle and Bainbridge Island with a 15 minute drive instead of waiting for and hopping on a boat . Instead , you 'd go under the water in a tunnel .
The retired civil engineer that 's pioneering this idea says there 's already deeper tunnels , longer tunnels and tunnels in more seismically active areas . He says it makes sense in so many ways including helping the native orcas , saving taxpayer dollars and even helping the economy on both sides of the water .
“ A light bulb went off , ” says Bob Ortblad . He might be retired from civil engineering– but he still teaches a class at UW on the history of infrastructure . So when a recent ferry trip to Martha 's Vineyard cost him 137 dollars but an Icelandic tunnel going the same distance only cost him less than ten bucks– it got him thinking .
“ Starting looking at the Washington State Ferry system , which is highly subsidized , ” says Ortblad . “ A round trip ticket for car and driver to Bainbridge really should be closer to 75-100 dollars . ”
So , he 's pitching an idea to build a tunnel . So far the Seattle resident of 40 years has pitched it to the Washington State Transportation Commission and later this week to officials in Kitsap County . The tunnel would go from Seattle 's Smith Cove , under Magnolia Hill , four miles under Puget Sound and re-surface on Bainbridge Island .
Much like the Eiksund Tunnel in Norway completed in 2008 which goes a longer distance but a similar depth of about 800-900 feet . Based on the costs , he says each two lane tube would cost about 400 million dollars .
“ It 's only a little bit more than what we 're spending on remodeling Colman Dock ” , citing estimated costs for that project of around 350 million dollars .
“ It solves a lot of problems , if you start to look at it , ” says Ortblad . “ Affordable housing , things are selling for 60 percent less in Kitsap County . Jobs , too . They just tax themselves to do the fast ferries . ”
Ortblad says ferries are causing environmental problems too . From the 9 million gallons of fuel their engines turn into 102 thousand tons of carbon dioxide every year to the 125 tons of particulate matter and 2,000 tons of nitrogen oxides in the air . And the needs of native orcas will affect future ferry rides .
“ The governor just ordered Washington State Ferries to quiet their ferries , ” he says . “ Which means slower , 40 percent slower . ”
Ortblad says tunnels , in comparison , are open 24-7 , handle a huge volume of cars and buses–are are not affected by wind , waves or fog . And while the life span of a ferry is between 30 to 60 years– some ancient Roman tunnels have been around millennia .
Washington Toll Bridge Authority thought about the idea of a tunnel under Puget Sound back in the 1950s . So while Ortblad would n't be the first one to propose an cross-sound tunnel– he would n't mind being the last .
“ They laughed at Homer Hadley , he proposed the concrete floating bridge 100 years ago– 20 year later , it was built . ”
Ortblad says the project might not even cost the state a dime . He says the Golden Gate Bridge was entirely financed by the City of San Francisco and counties on the north side of the bridge . Drivers ended up paying back the bonds over time with their toll money .
SEOUL , South Korea | Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare suddenly and fade almost as quickly — but the latest escalation wo n't likely go away quite so easily .
Events closer to home , including deadly violence at a white nationalist rally in Virginia , could demand more of President Donald Trump 's attention in the days ahead and cut into the volume and frequency of his fiery North Korea rhetoric .
But North Korea has yet to back away from its biggest threat : a plan to lob missiles toward U.S. military bases on the island of Guam that Pyongyang says should be ready for leader Kim Jong-un to review anytime now .
Will it all stop there ?
FILE - In this Aug. 15 , 2015 , file photo , participants stand behind a North Korean flag at a rally on Liberation Day , the anniversary of the end of World War II in 1945 and the Korean Peninsula 's liberation from Japanese colonial rule , at the border village of Panmunjom at the DMZ in North Korea . Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly , but the latest escalation wo n't likely go away quite so easily . ( AP Photo/Dita Alangkara , File ) FILE - In the May 2 , 2017 file photo , a TV screen shows images of U.S. President Donald Trump , left , and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul , South Korea . Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly , but the latest escalation wo n't likely go away quite so easily . ( AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon , File ) In this Aug. 10 , 2017 photo , a man watches a TV screen showing a local news program reporting on North Korea 's missiles , at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul , South Korea . Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly , but the latest escalation wo n't likely go away quite so easily . ( AP Photo/Ahn Young-Joon ) FILE - In this Aug. 17 , 2010 file photo , South Korean army soldiers hold their weapons during an anti-terror exercise carried out as part of Ulchi Freedom Guardian exercise , against possible attacks from North Korea in Seoul , South Korea . Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly , but the latest escalation wo n't likely go away quite so easily . ( AP Photo/ Lee Jin-man , File ) FILE - In this June 20 , 2017 file photo provided by South Korean Defense Ministry , U.S. Air Force B-1B bombers , top , and second from top , and South Korean fighter jets F-15K fly over the Korean Peninsula , South Korea . Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly , but the latest escalation wo n't likely go away quite so easily . ( South Korean Defense Ministry via AP , File ) FILE - In this Aug. 15 , 1990 file photo , some of the 100,000 people who gathered at Kim II Sung Square in Pyongyang , North Korea , to celebrate the 45th anniversary of the liberation of Korea from Japanese rule . Pyongyang likes to use big anniversaries to make high-profile statements with military activity or political provocations . It launched its first intercontinental ballistic missile , for example , on July 4 , Independence Day in the United States . ( AP Photo/Vincent Yu , File )
Or , despite the extremely high risks , will Kim really give the go order ? And , regardless of what Kim does or does n't do , will the tough-talking Trump feel compelled to take matters into his own hands ?
Unpredictable as the situation is , some potential flashpoints to watch for :
BOMBER FLIGHTS
This could be the biggest trigger .
North Korea says it was compelled to put the Guam plan together because it feels threatened by a squadron of B-1B bombers on the island that the U.S. has increasingly sent to fly in Korean airspace in symbolic shows of force during times of particular tension .
But that may be only a pretense .
North Korea is certainly sensitive to the bombers , which could cause a lot of devastation if a war did start . But it also might just want an excuse to fully test the capabilities of its new Hwasong-12 intermediate-range missiles .
Either way , it 's a cagey tactic : If Trump orders the B-1Bs to stay on the ground , Pyongyang can claim victory . If he orders them to fly , North Korea has its excuse to launch . If , of course , that 's what it really wants to do — Pyongyang wisely left itself a lot of wiggle room and has n't committed itself one way or the other .
LIBERATION DAY
Aug. 15 is the anniversary of the end of World War II in 1945 and the Korean Peninsula 's liberation from Japanese colonial rule .
Pyongyang likes to use big anniversaries to make high-profile statements with military activity or political provocations . It launched its first intercontinental ballistic missile , for example , on July 4 — Independence Day in the United States .
This week 's World War II anniversary is n't linked so closely to veneration of North Korea 's ruling Kim family , the primary days for demonstrating national power . But it 's a national holiday just the same and could be an opportune moment for the North to make some kind of move .
So far , however , there have n't been any telltale signs of anything brewing in Pyongyang . The day could just be marked with small celebrations and the distribution of free treats — or maybe more rhetoric about the Guam missile plan .
WAR GAMES
This is another likely trigger , if Pyongyang is going to actually do anything .
Tens of thousands of U.S. and South Korean troops are expected to kick off the annual Ulchi-Freedom Guardian military exercises on Aug. 21 . North Korea sees these exercises and larger ones held every spring as a rehearsal for invasion . Getting Washington to halt them has long been one of Pyongyang 's key demands , and it regularly stirs the pot around the time they 're held .
North Korea carried out its biggest nuclear test just after last year 's UFG drills ended and fired four Scud ER missiles into waters off Japan to coincide with the spring exercises this past March .
This year 's UFG exercises are expected to last around 10 days .
Eric Talmadge is the AP 's Pyongyang bureau chief . Follow him on Twitter at EricTalmadge and Instagram @ erictalmadge .
Demonstrators build a fire barricade on a street during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Christian Veron
Riot police officers on motorcycles shield themselves during clashes with opposition supporters while rallying against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
An opposition supporter reacts to tear gas during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Christian Veron
Opposition supporters enter a construction site to pick up rocks during a clash with security forces in a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
An opposition supporter throws back a tear-gas canister during clashes with security forces in a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators hold a cross as they take part in a rally to honour victims of violence during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas . REUTERS/Christian Veron
An opposition supporter is helped during a clash with security forces in a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator stands near fire during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with security forces during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
People help a woman overcome by tear gas during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Christian Veron
An opposition supporter is helped after being injured by a tear-gas canister in a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Christian Veron
An opposition supporter is detained by riot police during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Venezuela 's state ombudsman Tarek William Saab talks to the media during a news conference in Caracas , Venezuela April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters clash with security forces during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS The son of Venezuela 's pro-government human rights ombudsman has surprised the country amid major protests against the leftist administration by publicly urging his father to `` end the injustice . ''
The opposition has accused ombudsman Tarek Saab , whose title is `` defender of the people , '' of turning a blind eye to rights abuses and a lurch into dictatorship by unpopular President Nicolas Maduro .
Some 29 people have died during this month 's unrest .
In many of the vast street protests in Caracas in recent days , marchers aimed to converge on his office , but security forces firing tear gas and water cannons blocked them .
So Venezuelans were shocked to see Saab 's son , a law student , breaking ranks with his powerful father and saying he himself had been a victim of what he called government repression against marchers .
`` Dad , in this moment you have the power to end the injustice that has sunk this country , '' said Yibram Saab in a YouTube video late on Wednesday , sitting outside and reading from a paper .
`` I ask you as your son , and in the name of Venezuela that you represent , that you reflect and do what you must do , '' added the younger Saab .
His father 's support would be key to allowing lawmakers to open a case to remove the magistrates of the pro-government Supreme Court , who have overridden the opposition-led National Assembly .
In the video , Saab 's son said he suffered `` brutal repression '' from security forces on Wednesday , when a 20-year-old demonstrator was killed by a tear gas canister that hit him in the chest . `` It could have been me , '' said Yibram Saab .
The ombudsman , a former student leader who became a poet , lawyer , and Socialist Party governor , responded in a radio interview later on Thursday , saying he respected his son 's right of opinion and loved him just the same .
`` I love him , I adore him , whatever he might have said , '' he told La Romantica station , adding that he always defended rights and condemned violence no matter which side it came on .
Maduro 's son called on Saab 's son to reconsider .
The president 's son echoed the government stance that demonstrators are terrorists trying to instigate a coup amid the biggest protests since 2014 .
`` Your three minutes of fame could have been different . I think you could have picked up the phone and spoken with your father , expressing to him your love and concern and listening to him , '' wrote Nicolas Maduro Guerra .
The government has long accused the opposition of attempting to stage a coup , citing a short-lived attempt in 2002 against former President Hugo Chavez .
Saab , a staunch Chavez ally , was himself detained for a few hours during that coup , according to rights groups .
OPPOSITION BOOST
Opposition leaders said the video was evidence of fissures within `` Chavismo , '' a movement founded by the charismatic Chavez that has taken a hit under Maduro , a former bus driver and union leader whose presidency has been marked by a stark recession .
The opposition hoped Saab 's video would spur protesters to keep up street action despite fatigue , injuries , arrests and no sign of concessions from Maduro .
`` The majority of us want a change , and that includes the families of those who today prop up this regime , '' tweeted opposition lawmaker Juan Andres Mejia .
Maduro 's opponents are demanding a general election , the release of jailed activists , humanitarian aid to help offset shortages of food and medicine , and autonomy for the legislature .
They have been galvanized by international condemnation of Maduro 's government and Caracas ' increasing diplomatic isolation .
In what might have been a pre-emptive move to avoid expulsion , Venezuela has said it will withdraw from the Organization of American States , the first nation to do so in the bloc 's more than century-old history .
The head of the regional body had said Venezuela could be expelled , accusing Maduro of eroding the country 's democracy by delaying elections and refusing to respect the legislature .
`` Today , Venezuela woke up freer than yesterday , '' Maduro said in a speech to a women 's meeting on Thursday . `` OAS , go to hell ! ''
Communist ally Cuba , which has not returned to the OAS after being suspended from 1962-2009 , backed Venezuela `` in this new chapter of resistance and dignity . ''
But the United States said it would like Venezuela to remain in the OAS , so long as it complies with requirements . Separately , President Donald Trump , a strong critic of Maduro , said the situation in Venezuela is `` very sad . ''
European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini condemned the violence in Venezuela , sent condolences over the dead , and urged the government to both protect peaceful protesters and set `` a clear electoral calendar ''
( Additional reporting by Girish Gupta and Andrew Cawthorne in Caracas , Lesley Wroughton in Washington D.C. and Nelson Acosta in Havana ; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne , and Andrew Hay )
