HARTFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) — An employee at a store in Waterbury has pled guilty to charges of food stamp fraud for allowing customers to redeem their benefits for cash and items such as bongs and hookahs .
Deirdre M. Daly , United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut , announced that Tahir Shahzad of Harrison , New York , waived his right to be indicted and pled guilty in Hartford to one count of unlawful use of food stamp benefits and one count of conspiracy to commit food stamp fraud .
The 33-year-old , Shahzad , worked at WB Trade Fair Grocery on 43 Willow Street . It was there , according to court documents and statements made in court , that Shahzad acted as the store manager at times supervising at least four other individuals who worked at the store .
From November 2014 until June 2016 , Shahzad and others illegally allowed customers to redeem their food stamp benefits for cash and other ineligible items , including cigarettes , glass pipes , bongs , and hookahs .
Shahzad charged the customers ' food stamp cards approximately double the value for these illegal transactions .
Given the stock of eligible food items at the store , the number of registers and the customer amenities , it is estimated that WB Trade Fair Grocery could lawfully redeem at most between $ 120,000 to $ 240,000 per year in food stamp benefits . However , during this approximately 18-month period , food stamp redemptions at the store totaled approximately $ 3.2 million .
The federal Supplemental Nutrition and Assistance Program ( “ SNAP ” ) is administered by the USDA 's Food and Nutrition Service and utilizes federal tax dollars to subsidize low-income households to provide them with the opportunity to achieve a more nutritious diet by increasing their food-purchasing power . SNAP recipients purchase eligible food items at retail food stores through the use of an Electronic Benefits Transfer ( EBT ) card , and SNAP benefits may be accepted by authorized retailers only in exchange for eligible items .
Items such as alcoholic beverages , cigarettes , paper goods and soaps are not eligible for purchase with Food Stamp benefits , and it is a violation of the rules and regulations governing the food stamp program to allow benefits to be used to purchase ineligible items . SNAP benefits may not lawfully be exchanged for cash under any circumstances . The program is designed so that the total amount of each purchase is electronically transferred to the retailer 's designated bank account .
Shahzad is scheduled to be sentenced by U.S. District Judge Vanessa L. Bryant on July 13 , 2017 . He is released on a $ 50,000 bond .
Two men who worked at WB Trade Fair Grocery previously pled guilty to the same charges .
Raul Carlos Monarca-Gonzalez pled guilty on November 28 , 2016 .
On April 7 , 2017 , he was sentenced to 30 months of prison . Tallat Mahmood pleaded guilty on March 30 , 2017 , and is scheduled to be sentenced on July 12 , 2017 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — In a story Feb. 14 about House Democrats ' efforts to obtain President Donald Trump 's tax returns from the IRS , The Associated Press reported erroneously that Rep. Joseph Crowley of New York is a Republican . He is a Democrat .
A corrected version of the story is below :
Republicans block Dem effort to get Trump 's tax returns
House Republicans have blocked an attempt by Democrats to use an obscure law to obtain President Donald Trump 's tax returns from the IRS
Advertisement
By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER
Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — House Republicans on Tuesday blocked an attempt by Democrats to use an obscure law to obtain President Donald Trump 's tax returns from the IRS .
Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee tried to frame the issue as a matter of national security . They questioned whether Trump has any investments in Russia .
Trump has said he has no investments in Russia , and Democrats acknowledged that have no evidence otherwise . That 's why they want Trump 's returns , said Rep. Joseph Crowley , D-N.Y .
The move came a day after Trump 's national security adviser , Michael Flynn , was forced to resign over conversations he had with Russian officials before Trump took office .
“ People are concerned about Michael Flynn putting himself in a position to be blackmailed . What position is the president in ? ” asked Crowley . “ Our national security is at risk . ”
The Ways and Means Committee has legal authority to obtain confidential tax records . The committee could then vote to make them public .
On Tuesday , committee Democrats tried to amend a routine annual oversight plan to insert a provision that called for obtaining Trump 's tax returns . Republicans blocked it on a straight party-line vote , 23-15 .
Committee Chairman Kevin Brady , R-Texas , said the panel should only use its power to ensure that tax laws are being administered properly — not to investigate the president .
“ As chairman of this committee I will not allow Washington to return to the bad old days when government officials used their powers to intimidate , harass and destroy their political enemies , ” Brady said . “ If Congress uses its power to rummage around the president 's tax returns for political purposes , what 's prevents it from doing the same to average Americans ? ”
Most famously , former President Richard Nixon was accused in his articles of impeachment of illegally obtaining tax records of his political enemies , and of ordering audits . Since then , federal law was changed so that neither the president nor the IRS commissioner can single out an individual for an audit .
Shunning decades of tradition , Trump has steadfastly refused to release his tax returns or to divest from his business . Instead , Trump said he has turned operation of his business over to his sons , while still retaining his stake .
Democrats tried to make Trump 's taxes an issue during the presidential election , questioning his wealth and whether he generously donates to charity , as he claims . After the election , the head of the Office of Government Ethics scolded Trump for not divesting from his business , saying it is the only way to avoid conflicts of interest .
Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway has said people do n't care about the president 's taxes .
Trump 's tax returns would reveal a trove of information about his business dealings and his sources of income . They would n't show his overall net worth . But they would show his annual income and where it came from .
“ No one on this committee can say for sure that Trump does n't have investments in Russia , ” said Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. , D-N.J. “ We do n't know . ”
Pascrell promised to raise the issue “ over and over and over again . ”
“ I 'm good at that , ” he said .
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at : http : //twitter.com/stephenatap
After years of work inventorying its legacy business information technology systems and building more modern ones to replace them , the Army says it has an aggressive plan in place to cut its number of business IT systems in half , from about 800 to about 400 .
One reason that 's an aggressive target is that the Defense Department does not have an especially good track record when it comes to reducing its overall inventory of legacy systems . In its most recent report to Congress on the matter , DoD reported the total number of systems had been static in recent years because older systems that had previously slipped under the radar were being “ discovered ” at about the same rate that other ones were being shut down . Across the entire department , there are about 1,200 systems with five-year costs of $ 1 million or more .
“ The reason it 's taking a while is first you have to actually see what you have , ” Lt. Gen Edward Cardon , the Army 's director of business transformation , told a recent breakfast hosted by the Association of the U.S. Army . “ And business IT is only one of four mission areas that use information technology . Altogether , there are thousands of these systems , and it makes it very , very difficult to see the Army . ”
At least in the case of business systems , the Army 's plan to reduce the number to 400 is based on an analysis the service hired Gartner to perform based on that firm 's “ Tolerate , Invest , Migrate , Eliminate ” model . It categorizes systems based on their value and technical integrity so that those that have , for example , both low business value and low technical capabilities are targeted for outright elimination ; meanwhile , systems that are operationally critical but technically lacking are candidates for migration to new platforms .
Advertisement
Cardon said the Army has already had major success on the application migration front in two main areas : shutting down old logistics systems and moving their functions into the Logistics Modernization Program , and consolidating accounting systems into the Army 's enterprise resource planning system for finance , the General Fund Enterprise Business System .
Progress has been slower in the area of personnel systems , which , according to the Government Accountability Office , make up the largest number of legacy systems across the Defense Department . But the Integrated Personnel and Pay System-Army , designed to consolidate 43 separate systems , got leadership approval to begin its deployment to the entire Army next year .
Cardon said besides enabling the shutdown of dozens of systems , IPPS-A should dramatically simplify the Army 's business processes .
“ Right now , if a soldier wants to take leave , he or she handwrites a form , and that form goes between 12-and-13 steps before it makes it to the right HR people . Then , there are seven-to-eight more manual steps when they get back from leave , ” he said . “ How many transactional errors take place there ? Thousands . And because you 're dealing with the Defense Finance and Accounting Service , every time there 's an error , we get to pay for that too . IPPS-A is going to take it down to two-or-three steps , and we 're working on a mobile device for soldiers . That 's transformational , and when you look across the processes of the Army , there 's stuff like this all over the place if we start to work on it . ”
by
By SAMUEL STEVENS
Editor-in-Chief
It has been a year since President Trump was elected , and the hysterics of the “ resistance ” show no sign of slowing down .
The President has made significant gains on the immigration front .
In February of this past year , the Department of Homeland Security announced an expansion of their expedited removal procedure , increasing the speed of deportation according to an editorial on The Hill 's which is a political news website .
The Trump administration has also pushed immigration judges to clear up a backlog of over 600,000 cases that have accumulated since 2009 , according to The Washington Post .
Young immigrants protected from deportation will lose their work permits and other privileges in March of 2018 .
The White House 's “ Immigration Policies and Principles ” outline , released on Oct. 8 , lists the administration 's objectives .
They will continue to secure the southern border and secure funding for the border wall , return unaccompanied alien children , reform asylum status loopholes , as well as other objectives .
Pro-immigrant media has documented the effects enforcement of existing immigration law has had already .
A Chicago baker lost 800 staff after a raid , according a Think Progress report .
Reuters reported that 29 local police departments have also been deputized by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to assist in immigration enforcement activities .
The 287 ( g ) program , downsized during the previous administration , has expedited deportations and taken some of the pressure off federal law enforcement .
The President has also made major progress combating terrorism . After his visit to Saudi Arabia , there has been an ongoing purge of corrupt officials .
Wahhabi Islam , one of the most conservative sects of the religion , has been a source of terror . Wahhabism is centered in Saudi Arabia .
This went unnoticed or was willfully ignored under previous administrations .
The lack of initiative and direction by President Trump on anti-trust and business excesses has been troubling , and the populist realignment runs the risk of devolving into generic Republicanism .
There has been at least one positive development on the anti-trust front , however , with the Justice Department filing a complaint to block the AT & T and Time-Warner merger .
Trump 's campaign and presidency has signaled a shift away from the elitist , Chamber of Commerce centered GOP of the past .
Benefits and tax breaks given to them have resulted in the corporate class sending jobs overseas , or hiring cheap immigrant labor .
Another critical front the administration has fought on is the corporate policing of free speech .
Social media sites have censored individuals based on viewpoint grounds . FCC Chairman Ajit Pai singled out Twitter in particular , a Breitbart story reported .
“ The company has a viewpoint and uses that viewpoint to discriminate , ” he said in a speech on net neutrality .
Pai also noted that Cloudflare ( a company that provides website security services and other products ) , had the far right website The Daily Stormer removed from the Web .
He characterized tech companies deciding what is allowed on the internet as a “ cabal. ” Censorship of speech only worsens the radicalization .
Censoring sites like the Daily Stormer sets a dangerous precedent for further corporate attacks on speech , which have also affected much milder conservatives such as Dennis Prager on YouTube .
The FCC defense of free speech online , if fully realized , might be one of the biggest accomplishments of the administration .
Decentralization of media and information is critical to continue the populist insurrection . The surge must continue in the legislative branch as well .
Senate candidate Roy Moore has been attacked with allegations of sexual assault , while figures in the entertainment industry and news media are outed as predators almost every day .
The President can not hope to achieve most of his goals alone , as the Congressional GOP is feckless at best and an open enemy of the MAGA movement at worst .
Populist conservatives are in an uphill battle now that Trump is in office .
It is easy even for Trump supporters to grow dissatisfied or angry with the administration seemingly not living up to its promises .
Media obfuscation has contributed to this . The President and his allies inside and outside of Washington must stay strong and put a stop to decades of incompetence and outright criminality .
The campaign was a series of triumphs and disappointments , ending with election of Trump .
The presidency has been no different—but victory is in reach .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95 , Kansas 85 <
Cleveland St. 89 , Notre Dame ( Ohio ) 56 <
Iowa 91 , Southern U . 60 <
Iowa St. 78 , Alcorn St. 58 <
N. Iowa 80 , Dubuque 47 <
Ohio 89 , W. Kentucky 84 <
Purdue 86 , IUPUI 61 <
SIU-Edwardsville 76 , South Alabama 75 <
South Dakota 75 , E. Washington 73 <
Wis.-Stout 84 , Finlandia 57 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Woodlands County Council moved to allocate $ 8,700 in the 2018 budget for more services to Blue Ridge facilities , including the new library and change room .
Council also directed administration to negotiate an agreement between the Blue Ridge Community League and the County during its regular meeting on Dec. 5 . These new services will be provided through the creation of a new caretaker job and include cleaning the library and change room , shovelling the sidewalks and maintaining the skating rink .
`` We went ahead with it , '' Woodlands County Mayor Jim Rennie said , emphasizing the good relationship between the County and community league .
Council initially deferred the decision during its regular meeting on Nov. 21 . Rennie said this was done so the community league could provide council with a task list detailing all the necessary duties for maintaining these facilities .
`` It clarified ( the situation ) . There was n't even a question from council , '' he said .
Career Exposure Boot Camps considered for more funding
Council considered if the second annual Career Exposure Boot Camps should receive increased funding for 2018 .
These boot camps allow local students to explore career options . Northern Gateway Public Schools ( NGPS ) superintendent Kevin Andrea had sent a letter beforehand asking for $ 8,500 to fund the program .
`` Last year , it was the same request , '' Rennie said , explaining that the County had given $ 5,000 instead .
However , Rennie added that NGPS would provide council with a presentation in January 2018 to explain why it needs the requested funding .
`` We can decide after that point , '' he said .
Public session held
Council held a public session regarding a development permit for a new gravel pit on Dec. 6 . Rennie said no one spoke for or against the development .
pshokeir @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ PeterShokeir
By The Associated Press
FINANCIAL MARKETS
Asian shares fall after Fed rate hike , tracking Wall St lead
TOKYO ( AP ) — Shares fell in Asia today after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates , as expected . Lower oil prices took a toll on energy-related shares across the region and property developers led the decline in Hong Kong .
Japan 's Nikkei 225 stock index is down 0.2 percent , South Korea 's Kospi has dropped 0.6 percent and Hang Seng in Hong Kong is down 1.0 percent .
Advertisement
On Wednesday , the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December , something investors had widely expected based on the Fed 's recent statements . Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year .
ECONOMY-THE DAY AHEAD
Major business and economic reports scheduled for today
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Labor Department reports today on the number of people who applied for unemployment benefits last week .
Also , the National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo releases its June index of builder sentiment and Freddie Mac reports on this week 's average U.S. mortgage rates .
There are two reports from the Federal Reserve due out today .
The Fed reports on U.S. industrial production for May and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York releases its June survey of manufacturers in the Empire State .
The Treasury Department also releases international money flows data for April .
AIRLINES-DELAYS
More flight delays , cancellations and complaints on airlines
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Canceled and delayed flights are rising on the nation 's leading airlines , and so are consumer complaints .
That 's according to new figures released Wednesday by the U.S. Department of Transportation .
The rate of canceled flights nearly doubled to 1.6 percent in April compared to the same month in 2016 . Delta Air Lines accounted for nearly half the cancellations — it was crippled for days by a one-day storm in Atlanta .
About 78.5 percent of flights arrived within 14 minutes of schedule , down from the 84.5 percent on-time rate in April 2016 .
Complaints rose 70 percent , although only a tiny fraction of the millions of travelers lodged a protest .
April was also the month in which a passenger was dragged from a full United Express flight to make room for crew members .
CHINA-EMIRATES
China fines Emirates after plane flew at wrong height
BEIJING ( AP ) — China 's civil aviation authority says it has fined Dubai-based airline Emirates and barred it from adding new routes in China over the next six months after two of its flights were cited for unsafe operations .
The Civil Aviation Administration of China said in a statement Wednesday that the flights occurred on April 17 and May 18 over the city of Urumqi in China 's western Xinjiang region .
It said in the first instance an Emirates plane flew at the wrong height , and in the second a plane temporarily lost contact with air traffic control .
It has imposed a fine of 29,000 RMB ( $ 4,300 ) on the Middle East 's largest airline .
Emirates did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
OIL PIPELINE
Judge : Redo part of analysis for Dakota Access pipeline
FARGO , N.D. ( AP ) — A federal judge has handed a lifeline to efforts to block the Dakota Access pipeline .
U.S. District Judge James Boasberg ruled Wednesday that the Army Corps of Engineers did n't adequately consider the possible impacts of an oil spill where the pipeline passes under Lake Oahe ( oh-AH'-hey ) , a wide area of the Missouri River , in North Dakota .
Boasberg says the Army must redo its environmental analysis in certain sections and he 'll consider later whether the pipeline must halt operations in the meantime .
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe , which has led opposition to the pipeline , called it a “ significant victory . ”
A spokeswoman for Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners , the pipeline 's developer , did n't immediately respond to messages .
KUSHNER-TAX BREAK
Kushner Cos. pulls request for tax break in New Jersey city
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The real estate firm owned by the family of Jared Kushner has withdrawn a request for a big tax break for one its buildings in Jersey City , New Jersey , the latest setback for the company in the area .
Jersey City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill says the Kushner Cos. sent a letter withdrawing its application for a 30-year break from city taxes for a planned two-tower project in the struggling Journal Square section of the city . Opponents of the tax breaks marched downtown earlier this year and the city 's mayor recently came out against the Kushner request .
Jared Kushner was CEO of the family company before stepping down to become a senior adviser to his father-in-law , President Donald Trump .
WALL STREET EXEC ARREST
Judge rejects evidence in case against Wall Street executive
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A federal judge has tossed out evidence seized from the home and business of a Wall Street executive , saying the government “ was grossly negligent ” in its searches .
The ruling late Tuesday by Judge Alison Nathan was a blow to the government 's criminal case against financier Benjamin Wey . The executive was arrested in 2015 on conspiracy , wire fraud and securities fraud charges .
The founder and president of New York Global Group , an investment consulting firm , has pleaded not guilty . His trial is scheduled for October .
Prosecutors say Wey made tens of millions of dollars by manipulating the stock prices of companies in which he gained a secret financial .
In her ruling , Nathan said the government enforced “ sweepingly broad ” search warrants that were not properly supported .
A government spokeswoman declined comment .
OLDER WORKERS-DISCRIMINATION
Experts : Uphill fight against age-related job discrimination
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Aging experts and advocates are telling a government commission that age-related discrimination in the workplace still exists 50 years after the enactment of legislation designed to prevent it .
Laurie McCann , senior attorney for the AARP Foundation Litigation , says the law “ should not be treated as a second-class civil rights statute. ” She is urging the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to be more aggressive in pursuing age discrimination cases .
The EEOC 's acting chair , Victoria Lipnic , is pledging to do so , to ensure that job opportunities are based on ability not age .
During Wednesday 's meeting , EEOC commissioners listened to McCann and other experts and asked questions about discrimination and possible solutions .
The agency receives about 20,000 age discrimination complaints a year . Lipnic says women are more likely to file complaints than men .
ARKANSAS-HERBICIDE
Arkansas farmers sue over crop damage blamed on herbicide
JONESBORO , Ark . ( AP ) — A group of Arkansas farmers have filed a class-action lawsuit against the makers of the herbicide dicamba that they blame for damaging their crops .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in federal court in Jonesboro , Arkansas , against Monsanto Co. and BASF Corp . In a statement , plaintiffs ' attorney Phillip Duncan says his clients seek unspecified damages for damage to crops , fruits and trees that were n't dicamba-resistant .
He also said dicamba also damaged crops in other states throughout the 2016 growing season , including in Alabama , Illinois , Kentucky , Minnesota , Mississippi , North Carolina , Tennessee and Texas .
Messages to Monsanto and BASF were not returned .
RED SNAPPER SEASON
Feds : 39-day weekends-only recreational red snapper season
NEW ORLEANS ( AP ) — The U.S. Commerce Department says recreational anglers in the Gulf of Mexico will have 39 more days to fish federal waters for red snapper , a popular catch that 's still recovering from nearly disastrous overfishing .
Gulf state officials praised the decision to reopen the federal season off Texas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida for three-day weekends through Labor Day , plus three holidays .
However , an environmental group and a charter captains ' association estimate that anglers will take nearly triple their allocated quota of the sport and panfish under the plan , potentially canceling next year 's recreational season entirely .
A three-day anglers ' season that started June 1 had been set because anglers went over last year 's quota .
SHARE COPY LINK Texas football coach Tom Herman says one of his primary goals to turn around a program coming off three consecutive losing seasons is to instill a culture where losing feels awful on a daily basis . He outlines how he does that in a team setting . V Jimmy Burch jburch @ star-telegram.com
Texas football coach Tom Herman says one of his primary goals to turn around a program coming off three consecutive losing seasons is to instill a culture where losing feels awful on a daily basis . He outlines how he does that in a team setting . V Jimmy Burch jburch @ star-telegram.com
Kevin Morales
Cayman 27 News Director Kevin Morales is an award-winning journalist with more than 12 years of experience . Kevin is a Milwaukee , Wis. , native . He graduated with a bachelor 's degree in journalism in 2005 from the University of Minnesota . He 's a proud father and a loyal fan of the Green Bay Packers , Milwaukee Brewers , Milwaukee Bucks and U of M Golden Gophers .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
The world-famous physicist , who died last Wednesday aged 76 , was a co-author to a mathematical paper in which he sought to prove the so-called `` multiverse '' theory , according to a report by UK newspaper The Sunday Times . This theory imagines the existence of many separate universes other than our own .
Hawking 's final work - titled `` A Smooth Exit From Eternal Inflation '' - is being reviewed by a leading scientific journal . In it , he predicted how our universe would eventually fade to darkness as the stars run out of energy .
Alongside Professor Thomas Hertog of Belgium 's KU Leuven University , Hawking also proposed a way in which scientists might be able to find alternate universes by using probes on spaceships . This would allow humans to attain a more accurate understanding of our own universe , decipher what else is out there and ultimately realise our place in the cosmos .
`` He has often been nominated for the Nobel and should have won it . Now he never can , '' Hertog told The Sunday Times in an interview published Sunday .
11 great quotes from Stephen Hawking Open gallery
'INTELLIGENT LIFE MAY BE WATCHING '
Hawking , who was perhaps best known for his work on black holes and the theory of relativity , had previously posited the idea that Earth would turn into a giant ball of fire by 2600 . Therefore , humans would eventually need to colonise another planet or face extinction , he said .
In 2015 , Hawking joined Russian billionaire Yuri Milner to launch a project that aimed to use high-powered computers to listen for aliens . The project , known as Breakthrough Initiatives , supports SETI @ home , a scientific experiment based at the University of California , Berkeley . It uses computers to scan the skies to look for life .
`` Somewhere in the cosmos , perhaps , intelligent life may be watching these lights of ours aware of what they mean , '' Hawking said . `` Or do our lights wander a lifeless cosmos , unseen beacons announcing that here on our rock , the universe discovered its existence ? ''
This article was first published in CNBC .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mauricio Pochettino admits his Tottenham side 's away from against their biggest rivals may have cost them the title in the last two seasons .
Spurs have the best recent record at home in Big Six clashes since Pochettino 's 2014 appointment , but the worst on their travels .
They have won just one out of 18 ( see below ) — a 2-1 win at Manchester City in February 2016 — collecting nine points on the road , compared to Sunday hosts Liverpool 's 22 in the same period .
Spurs have come up just short in the last two title races , finishing third and then second .
POCHETTINO 'S SPURS AWAY RECORD VS THE TOP SIX
DATE TEAM RESULT SCORE Sept 27 2014 Arsenal D 1-1 Oct 14 2014 Man City L 4-1 Dec 3 2014 Chelsea L 3-0 Feb 10 2015 Liverpool L 3-2 Mar 15 2015 Man United L 3-0 Aug 8 2015 Man United L 1-0 Nov 15 2015 Arsenal D 1-1 Feb 14 2016 Man City W 2-1 April 2 2016 Liverpool D 1-1 May 2 2016 Chelsea D 2-2 Nov 6 2016 Arsenal D 1-1 Nov 26 2016 Chelsea L 2-1 Dec 11 2016 Man United L 1-0 Jan 21 2017 Man City D 2-2 Feb 11 2017 Liverpool L 2-0 Oct 28 2017 Man United L 1-0 Nov 18 2017 Arsenal L 2-0 Dec 16 2017 Man City L 4-1
And ahead of their next big away date , at Liverpool on Sunday , Pochettino said : “ That [ record ] is why maybe we miss a title , why we do n't win the Premier League .
“ We finished second last season , third the season before , and of course if in the case we win more games away from home , I 'm sure that we would win the title but we miss something to achieve that .
‘ Maybe it is because we are the younger team in the Premier League , maybe we need time to mature . There are many reasons why this happens that we can not win most of the games that we play away from home . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : Reuters )
But Pochettino was keen to point out Spurs are not the only ones who have travel troubles in the big six clashes .
He said : “ In 19 games away from home in the top six , there have been only four victories for the teams away — for everyone , it is a problem . ”
There are few grounds where Spurs have found it harder to win than Anfield , recording just two victories in 25 Premier Leagues visits — in 1993 and 2011 .
Pochettino said : “ It 's always difficult to play away from home with a top side like Liverpool .
“ Liverpool is one of the best squads in England and Europe , with a great manager and coaching staff , and the atmosphere will be amazing . They are so tough to play at Anfield . It will be a very , very difficult game for us .
“ For me , Anfield is one of the most enjoyable 90 minutes . The fans are amazing , and the crowd and everything is very good . Of course , the atmosphere will be tough . But these are the types of games that you love to play . ”
Pochettino blasted his sloppy side after they lost 2-0 at Liverpool last year , having arrived on the back of an 11-game unbeaten run .
( Image : Getty/Tottenham Hotspur )
Almost a year on , they return to the scene of the crime having not lost any of their last nine .
Pochettino , whose side were convincing 2-0 home winners over Manchester United on Wednesday , added : “ I think the team is more mature and we improve from the previous season .
“ The game will be tough , but we arrive in a good moment after the victory against Manchester United . ”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Noel James admitted he left his first BGT audition a few years ago due to nerves , but came back to reach the semi-finals this year .
The comedian , who performed his Jaws and Elephant Man routine to wow the judges during the heats , will perform in tonight 's semi-final .
But when he first attempted to audition in a previous series , nerves got the better of him and he ended up suffering with such terrible anxiety he had to head straight home to recover .
( Image : ITV )
He told Good Morning Britain 's Ranvir Singh and Richard Madeley : `` I went for an audition about two or three years ago - I was determined to do it then but I started thinking about being in front of the judges and I turned away .
`` This time I felt I had nothing to loose but it 's good to be semi-crippled because it 's a semi-final after all . ''
Ranvir asked him whether it 's more difficult for comedians to perform , and he said they have far more material to come up with in comparison to singers and other performers .
( Image : ITV )
He said : `` When you 're a comedian , the public perhaps do n't realise it is a bit tougher because you do try and write your own stuff and you do n't get to repeat anything and also you have to think about the audience you 're playing .
`` When I do the Elephant Man it 's visual and people love that sort of thing - but I 've got lots of spoken word material and jokes . ''
The cheeky joker then said he had been making the hosts laugh all morning , but will he have as much luck with the judges tonight ?
( Image : ITV )
Britain 's Got Talent airs tonight from 7.30pm and 9.30pm on ITV .
MADRID — Andres Iniesta has become the first player to sign a lifetime contract with Barcelona , a deal which will keep him playing for the club for as long as he remains fit .
The club said Friday that Iniesta 's contract was extended `` for life , '' securing the Spain midfielder through the `` remainder of his career '' but not putting a timetable on his retirement .
The club also did not say what will be Iniesta 's role after he stops playing .
`` I 'll be here while my body and my mind can keep performing , '' the 33-year-old Iniesta said . `` And I hope that it will be for a long time . At the end of the season we will evaluate everything together and see what is best for everyone . ''
Iniesta signed the new contract at the team 's Camp Nou Stadium and was given a team shirt with the words `` Iniesta forever . ''
His current contract was valid until the end of this season . In the last couple of seasons he did not play as much as in past years , often being rested for the most important matches .
`` I 'll be the first to say something if I feel that I do n't have the same strength and the same importance as I had before , '' he said . `` Then we can change things , and it will be fine . ''
There had been widespread speculation about Iniesta 's future , with the player saying he wanted to stay with Barcelona but had also been evaluating other possibilities . Spanish media had reported that Iniesta was not pleased that the team took too long to start negotiations for his new deal .
`` I need to thank the club for having the confidence to give me this type of contract , '' Iniesta said . `` It shows that they have confidence in me as a person as well , that 's very important . There could n't be a better place for me . This is my home . ''
Iniesta has played 639 matches for the club since making his debut with the first team in October 2002 . He has scored 55 goals since then .
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
U.S. and Argentinian Air Force medical personnel held a senior leader engagement as part of the Department of Defense State Partnership Program Sep. 20 , at the National Institute of Aeronautical and Space Medicine , Argentina . Key leaders from the Secretary of the Air Force Office of International Affairs , the Georgia Air National Guard , 12th Air Force ( Air Forces Southern ) , and the Argentinian Air Force came together to share knowledge and experience and to further develop the relationship between the U.S. Air Force and the Argentinian Air Force .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A paedophile who had just been released early from prison was snared again when he attempted to meet up with what he thought was an underage girl for sex .
Mark Thornton explained to the '14-year-old ' he had 'been a naughty boy in the past ' and had been 'grounded in a different way ' after serving around half of his two year sentence .
Thornton , 51 , had previously been caught coercing 'young girls ' into meeting for sex before being snared red-handed in an Asda car park last year .
The paedophile was sentenced in September 2016 for engaging in explicit chats with what he thought were two 13-year-old girls and arranged to meet one to take her virginity .
( Image : ( c ) North News & Pictures ltd )
( Image : ( c ) North News & Pictures ltd )
Within months of his release the unemployed father was , again , using apps to communicate with a young girl and meet for sex .
The 51-year-old acted more cautiously this time , claiming he was scared .
After early release in 2017 , Thornton told a decoy he had been caught before and had to trust the 14-year-old was a real girl before meeting .
He spoke of his time in jail , complained how bad the food was and said `` I did plenty of crying too '' .
Thornton stated : `` This will be my second Christmas on my own with no one to spoil , '' before calling the decoy , 14-year-old 'Samantha ' 'sexy ' and 'beautiful ' .
Thornton used the app 'Waplog ' to chat to the underage girl set up by vigilante group Dark Justice .
The app boasts of helping people find the hottest person in their area with the same interests , quickly and easily .
The app is intended for over 17 year olds but can easily be signed up to .
Thornton believed he was talking to a 14-year-old girl Samantha when Dark Justice reported the paedophile in a Morrisons car park .
( Image : ( c ) North News & Pictures ltd )
Thornton attempted to meet the youngster at Darlington train station earlier in day but got scared and re-arranged the encounter , to be caught hours later by Dark Justice .
At Teesside Crown Court on Friday , Thornton of Chandos Street , Darlington , pleaded guilty to attempting to meet a girl under 16-years-old following grooming and two counts of breaching a sexual harm prevention order .
Thornton was sentenced to another two-year sentence and has been ordered to sign the sex offenders register for 10 years .
A Dark Justice spokesman said : `` He messaged us first , he clearly has n't learnt his lesson .
`` He started talking in a sexual way but he was more cautious this time .
`` He was scared to get caught again , he was telling me about his time in prison .
`` He deserves everything he gets but he also did n't receive any help in prison .
( Image : ( c ) North News & Pictures ltd )
`` He has been given two years in prison again , it clearly is n't working .
`` Come Christmas next year he 'll be out and back on the apps .
`` Who 's to say it wo n't be a real child next time , they should be given longer sentences so they can get help . ''
AIR AMBULANCE TAKES OFF FROM DONINGTON AFTER HORR
Tearjerking moment boy gets doll of his Navy dad
Prisoner high on 'zombie ' drug Spice tries to dum
Police at the scene of Wickford shooting and stab
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has announced there will be a snap general election on June 8 .
The Prime Minister gave a statement outside Downing Street this morning .
She had previously insisted she would not call an election ahead of the planned 2020 poll , but declared the vote was needed for stability .
Meanwhile , Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is set to make a statement this afternoon on Syria and North Korea .
Pundits have been speculating on the subject of her statement on Twitter :
And the pound took a sharp lurch downward in the wake of the statement being announced .
Is Theresa May about to call an election ?
Technically , Theresa May can call an election , despite parliaments now having a fixed term of five years .
But to do so she would have to either repeal the Fixed-term Parliaments act , call a vote of no-confidence in her own government ( requiring a simple 50 % +1 majority in the House of Commons ) or she could call an early election if 2/3 of MPs agreed to back the call .
She 'll make her statement at 11.15am - we 'll have the whole thing as it happens .
Retired U.S. Marine Corps Col. Robert J. Fawcett , chief academic officer , Expeditionary Warfare School , speaks during the Gen. Graves B. Erskine Distinguished Lecture Series at the Warner Center , Marine Corps University , Marine Corps Base Quantico , Va. , Jan. 18 , 2017 . The series was established in February 1984 and was instrumental in the development of modern Marine Corps professional military education . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl . Yasmin D. Perez )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.18.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 10:08 Photo ID : 3167193 VIRIN : 170118-M-RG259-042 Resolution : 4928x3280 Size : 9.94 MB Location : QUANTICO , VA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , MCU ERSKINE LECTURE - WARNER CENTER [ Image 1 of 6 ] , by LCpl Yasmin Perez , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
DETROIT ( WWJ/AP ) – Enrollment has started for Detroit teens and young adults seeking summer jobs .
The city said Wednesday that its Growth Detroit 's Young Talent program is looking to employ 8,000 youth between the ages of 14 and 24 .
The application process ends March 17 . Applicants will be screened and contacted in April . Employers will have an opportunity to interview candidates at career fairs during May and June . Jobs will be available starting in July .
Last year , more than 8,100 youth were employed for six weeks at more than 650 work sites through 230 employers . Prior to the program , only 2,500 Detroit youth would have summer jobs .
Area companies and foundations are encouraged to provide funding and work experience . Last year , $ 9.2 million was raised for the program . This year 's goal is $ 11 million and will cover the raise in minimum wage and additional staff .
For more information , visit gdyt.org .
Last Year 's Employers included :
• Accenture LLP
• Bank of America Charitable Foundation
• Chemical Bank
• Children 's Hospital of Michigan Foundation
• Citizens Bank
• City of Detroit ( CDBG )
• Community Foundation of SE Michigan
• Crain 's Communications
• Detroit Pistons
• Detroit Wayne Mental Health Authority
• Dresner Foundation
• DTE Energy
• DTE Energy Foundation
• Employer Partners Matching Funds
• Federal Government ( WIOA , DOL )
• Fifth Third Bank
• Ford Foundation
• Ford Fund
• GM Global Corporate Giving
• JPMorgan Chase
• John S. and James L. Knight Foundation
• Kresge Foundation
• MGM Grand Detroit
• Mrs. Marjorie S. Fisher Fund
• PNC Bank
• Ralph C. Wilson Jr. Foundation
• Skillman Foundation
• Strategic Staffing Solutions
• Suzanne Shank , Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co. , LLC
• United Way for Southeastern Michigan
• Wayne County
• WK Kellogg Foundation
After going through millions of photographs and over 100 stories , National Geographic has chosen their top photos of the year.National Geographic 's Best Photos of 2017 features photographs from stories ranging from gender identity to animal conservation to unlocking the secrets of hummingbirds .
If you 're looking for your next pop star , she 's down under !
16-year-old Bella Paige blew the judges away on The Voice Australia when she came to perform her rendition of Kesha 's emotional hit , `` Praying . ''
Her version had everything -- Kesha 's high notes , her low growl and all the emotional depth from such a harrowing situation .
Even Joe Jonas could n't believe her vocal range !
Check out the video below :
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports . It was a role with the CFL 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided him with a platform to merge his best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in his role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews , digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter . He has also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres .
Huddersfield head coach David Wagner believes Manchester City 's `` extraordinary '' form has forced Chelsea boss Antonio Conte to wave the white flag in the Premier League title race .
Conte said his champions were out of the running after Saturday 's 1-0 defeat at West Ham and they will look to bounce back at Huddersfield 's stronghold , the John Smith 's Stadium , on Tuesday night .
Wagner , whose side have already beaten Manchester United on home turf , said City 's superb form rather than Chelsea 's short-comings has seen Pep Guardiola 's side emerge as runaway leaders .
`` If Antonio Conte said this , it 's not up to me to say he is n't right , '' said Wagner . `` I was never really focused on the top six .
`` I have to be focused at the minute on other regions to be successful with my football club .
`` What is for sure a surprise is that it shows the top quality Pep Guardiola and Manchester City have developed .
`` They have won 15 games and drawn one in the Premier League . In any country in Europe , to win 15 and draw one is absolutely extraordinary .
`` This is what should be focused on rather than the other teams who are not able to follow them . ''
Huddersfield halted a four-game Premier League losing run thanks to Steve Mounie 's double in Saturday 's 2-0 home win against Brighton .
Victory lifted the Terriers up to 11th place in the table and kept them five points clear of the relegation zone , while their unlikely win against United in October will give fans hope of another upset .
`` I would take an ugly set-piece goal if it settles the match in our favour , '' said Wagner , who replied with a terse `` no '' when asked if there had been any contact from former club Borussia Dortmund over their managerial vacancy .
`` I will take everything against a team like Chelsea . We have to be on a top performance . We can not give one easy chance away .
`` We have to avoid unforced errors and have to be at our top level and then we will see how this team works . It 's a little bit like a cup tie . ''
Rajiv van La Parra will return to contention after serving a three-game ban for his late and unnecessary altercation with Leroy Sané , which earned him a red card in the recent home defeat to City .
`` If he starts , this is something I have to consider , '' added Wagner , who has no new injury concerns .
`` He has played at a high level and has to show he still has his rhythm . He will for sure be in our squad . He has something to prove after what happened . ''
The year 's end is a time to think about getting organized , both personally and financially , for the coming year . “ For more than 4,000 years , many people have celebrated the start of their new year by making promises to change their behavior or improve themselves , ” says John Chladek , president of Chladek Wealth Management . “ And it 's no wonder : While New Year 's resolutions can be hard to keep , they may also make you more than 10 times more likely to achieve your goals than if you had n't made a resolution at all . ”
Ten times more likely is a big number , and it should strengthen your resolve . These 12 financial resolutions may make your 2018 happier and more successful . You might be incorporating some already , but others might be worth considering .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci says if it were up to him , top adviser Steve Bannon would be gone from President Donald Trump 's administration .
But , he notes , “ it 's not up to me . ”
“ The Mooch , ” a few weeks removed from his spectacular flameout following an expletive-laden conversation with a reporter , appeared Monday on CBS ' “ Late Show ” with Stephen Colbert . Colbert has seen his ratings soar since Trump 's inauguration with his relentless comedic attacks .
Colbert showed a picture of Scaramucci former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus glaring at each other . Scaramucci said there was “ no love lost ” between the two .
He said he and Priebus got along well when he was writing checks to the Republican National Committee , which Priebus once led .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
It has been a little over a year since Samsung was forced to recall its Galaxy Note 7 phones due to the battery 's pesky habit of bursting into flames or exploding . Now Apple 's newest gadget , the iPhone 8 , is looking like it might be acting up too , TechCrunch reports , writing that , as of Thursday , there are `` at least six different reports in at least five countries of the iPhone 8 splitting along its seams '' because of a swelling battery .
The bloated iPhones are showing `` no sign of scorching or an explosion , '' Reuters writes , so at least there 's that . On the other hand , the iPhone 8 starts at $ 699 , which is a lot to pay for a phone that ends up looking like this :
The iPhone 8 only went on sale on Sept. 22 , so the product is still in the initial stages of having any kinks ironed out . Apple has n't released information about sales , either , so it 's unclear how many customers risk discovering swollen batteries . The company said it is aware of the issue , and is looking into it . Jeva Lange
Web Desk : Facebook-owned WhatsApp has now rolled out some new features on the beta version .
Picture in Picture ( PiP )
While making a video call , a user can perform multitask . A picture in picture mode will start in a new window . Users can also resize the video window .
Private replies in groups
This feature enables a user to reply to a group message privately .
New invite via link shortcut
This feature allows group admins to send a link to other users , so they can join the group directly .
Tap to unblock user
This option allows users to unblock anyone by just tapping and holding any contact .
Shake to report
This feature allows users to report problems by just shaking the device that opens the Contact Us section . It is only available in the WhatsApp beta version 2.17.437 .
Source : deccanchronicle
Every day that goes by I get even more proof that David Seymour , intelligent though he is , seems to actually be a “ special ” project in politics .
He 's come out attacking the government 's policy on youth offenders .
Act leader David Seymour has launched an attack on National over its law and order policy and over a claim by National campaign chairman Steven Joyce that Seymour might be trailing in his Epsom seat . He has compared National to criminals . Seymour and Joyce are regular sparring partners in Parliament but it is usually friendly banter . The tone of Seymour 's attack on the law and order policy – to send the worst youth offenders to an Army-run boot camp – is more like that of New Zealand First or another Opposition party . “ National are the worst re-offenders in youth crime ” , the headline of his press statement said . He correctly pointed out that the boot camp policy was previously announced by John Key – in 2008 when he was in Opposition – and said it had failed because National did not want to commit to addressing youth crime beyond slogans . “ If National ca n't even break their own cycle of behaviour , how can they hope to break the cycle of failed families and youth offenders who cause so much damage to New Zealand society ? ”
No cup of tea for you David . If you are going to object to something , complain about it , then have the decency to propose an alternative .
Seymour continues to act like a petulant school boy seeking relevance…which he is of course .
If he carries on like this and Bill English continues to do dopey things he will actually be irrelevant .
-NZ Herald
By The Associated Press
MIAMI GARDENS , Fla. ( AP ) — New England Patriots receivers Chris Hogan and Matthew Slater are active for Monday night 's game against the Miami Dolphins .
Hogan has been sidelined since Game 8 because of a shoulder injury . Slater has been sidelined since Game 5 because of a hamstring injury .
Dolphins cornerback Cordrea Tankersley is inactive because of ankle and shoulder injuries .
Inactive for the Patriots were linebacker David Harris , running back Mike Gillislee , tackle Marcus Cannon , defensive end Trey Flowers , linebacker Kyle Van Noy , safety Brandon King and offensive lineman Cole Croston .
Advertisement
Inactive for the Dolphins were backup quarterback Matt Moore , guard Jermon Bushrod , running back Damien Williams , guard Isaac Asiata , defensive end Cameron Malveaux and tight end AJ Derby .
___
AP NFL website : www.pro32.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
How , When , & Why Should You Use Personalization in an Email Marketing Campaign ?
By Ryan Gould
Dale Carnegie , author of the famed How-to Win Friends and Influence People , said in his book , “ Remember that a person 's name is to that person the sweetest and most important sound in any language . ”
That concept is a powerful truth that you can spin to your advantage in practically any aspect of your marketing strategy , most of all in email since it is the most personal , one-on-one online marketing channel .
That being said , let 's explore how and when you should use personalization in your email marketing campaigns and why it matters so much .
How to Personalize Your Emails
Using the recipient 's name is certainly the foremost way to personalize your emails and start the one-on-one conversation with your subscribers but it 's not the only way .
Here 's a quick list of more options to personalize emails that go beyond using just the name :
Location
Industry ( esp . for B2B marketing )
Age
Browsing data ( from visit sessions on your website )
Customer data ( previous purchases )
The important thing , however , is to remember to collect all of this data . Some of this data can be collected through form fields when a new subscriber initially inputs their data . The rest of it , such as location and browsing data , can be obtained through user tracking and the like .
One of the keys to implementing personalization is not to go overboard with it . Often , just the mention of a name can pique subscriber interest , then adding in one or two more data points really makes the email seem individualized .
Here 's an example of how Shopify uses personalization to keep subscribers to their forum interested :
Not only do they use a first name , but they also utilize the user 's browsing history on their website to match up forum threads that the subscriber will actually find interesting and relevant to Jonathan .
When to Personalize Your Emails
Knowing when to personalize an email and when to withhold revealing information collected on a customer is tricky but extremely important .
The first email , serving as the initial contact point between you and the subscriber , is critical to the future of your relationship . First impressions do matter , and if you can make the user feel like you 're paying them attention right from the get-go , by at least including their name , chances are you 'll preserve a favorable perception of your brand .
Other important email types to personalize are transactional emails , upsell emails , and emails during the course of a sale .
Personalization can help to make a purchase memorable to your customers , and it will also go a long way towards your current customers feeling comfortable with purchasing other related products , ultimately boosting sales and revenue .
On the contrary , including too much super-specific information , like location , can be off-putting to some users . Given the current climate surrounding the whole privacy issue , subscribers , particularly older generation Internet users , may be disturbed by how much you know about them . Keep this in mind and choose when to use data wisely .
Why Personalization Matters
So now that we 've discussed when and how to implement personalization in your email marketing strategy , let 's drive home why it matters to your business . There 's no better way to do that than by taking a look at the results other marketers have achieved through personalization :
Research by Aberdeen shows that across all industries , personalization provides a 14 % boost in click-throughs and a 10 % boost in conversions .
An eConsultancy survey revealed that 74 % of marketers who used personalization—that 's three fourths—strongly agreed that it improved customer engagement .
An Experian study saw personalization skyrocket transaction rates by a factor of 6 .
If you have n't yet started using personalization to revamp your email marketing strategy , you 're missing out . Download The Personalization Playbook today to deliver on your customers ' expectations and in return win their loyalty and increase revenue !
Source : : http : //feedproxy.google.com/~r/itsallaboutrevenue/~3/ZMM0VokOnB4/how % 2C-when % 2C-why-should-you-use-personalization-in-an-email-marketing-campaign
© Bobby Yip/Reuters
Donald Trump 's rhetoric and actions have created a crisis in which his adversary Kim Jong-un holds the initiative on further escalation.President Trump 's recent tweet claiming that the US has `` no choice '' but to accelerate its military build-up , has an unusually defensive and self-justifying tone , suggesting a certain level of awareness of the extent to which the situation in Korea is starting to spin out of his control , and may be sign of the pressure he is coming under.Rumours of a possible nuclear test by North Korea have shifted from the Easter weekend to 25th April 2017 , which is the anniversary of the founding of North Korea 's army . In truth it could happen at any time , with
The US has dampened speculation of a pre-emptive strike to prevent the test . That speculation was triggered by a report by NBC which gives every impression of having been intentionally planted by the Trump administration in anticipation of precisely such a strike . Talk of a pre-emptive strike however seems to have upset China and - even more importantly - the US 's own allies , Japan and South Korea , causing the US to backtrack so that the contents of the NBC report are now being denied .
That however is precisely the situation
As a candidate , Donald Trump seemed to pay no more attention to North Korea 's accelerating nuclear weapons program , which his predecessor has warned is America 's most urgent threat , than he did to other complex foreign policy issues . Now he is paying attention , but not in a helpful way . His intemperate talk is adding to regional tensions , unnerving allies and likely reinforcing North Korea 's longstanding fear that it could one day be attacked by America — the very reason North Korea invested in a nuclear arsenal in the first place .
It would be risky for Mr. Trump to let overconfidence and bombast , expressed in tweets and public statements , box him into some kind of showdown with the North 's ruthless leader , Kim Jong-un , who has displayed similarly macho traits . South Korea , Japan and even Russia have urged both sides to avoid a devastating miscalculation .....
What 's missing in the White House is a coherent strategy , something beyond statements and asking China for help . Mr. Trump needs to be firm , not reckless in his talk , ratchet up sanctions and find a way to engage the North in negotiations .
The Trump administration is however still suggesting that it will launch a military strike on North Korea if it carries out another nuclear test . Moreover with the UN navy now in the East China Sea and steaming towards North Korea , and with talk of US nuclear submarines equipped with cruise missiles also in the area , the world can not do other than take these warnings seriously.- whether on 25th April 2017 or at some later date -whereas if the US does react by launching a military attack on North Korea for the first time since the Korean war , it risks becoming trapped in a cycle of military situation over which it has no control with a nuclear power over which it knows almost nothing about.At this point I should say that I strongly doubt speculation that North Korea would not respond militarily to a US strike on itself . North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-un seems to be still in the process of consolidating his authority , and both he and the whole North Korean leadership have made a fetish of their tough military posture . I can not imagine that the loss of face involved in not responding to a US military strike is politically acceptable to them , and if the US attacked them it seems to me that they would be bound to respond militarily in some way.It would be however be up to the North Koreans to decide how far that retaliation would go , and possibly they would initially try to keep their retaliation within certain limits if only to keep their own options for future escalation open.However with Trump 's prestige now also increasingly bound up with his taking a tough line against North Korea , even if North Korea responded initially in only a limited way , the pressure would then be on him to respond forcefully , especially if South Korean civilians or US military personnel were killed . Again Trump would risk humiliation if he did not.It is very easy to see how this situation could spiral out of control , who is in a position to initiate action as and when he pleases.To compound the problem , in Kim Jong-un and the North Korean regime the President is dealing with an adversary about whom he and the US knows virtually nothing about , and whose moves and counter-moves can not be predicted with any confidence.Already criticism is appearing within the US of the President 's actions , including this article in The New York Times , which looks to have been inspired by concerns from some officials within the US government , and which makes these telling points : Almost certainly Chinese diplomats are working over-time behind the scenes to get Trump to draw back and to persuade Kim Jong-un to postpone whatever nuclear test he may have planned in order to give Trump room to retreat . Trump 's tweet about the US `` having no choice '' may be an indicator of the pressure he is now under from the Chinese and others.Possibly if no North Korean nuclear test takes place on 25th April 2017 Trump will feel he can pull the Carl Vinson back without losing face . However in that case the test will almost certainly only be postponed until some later date this year .
In the meantime it is likely Kim Jong-un will have extracted concessions from Beijing in return for his agreement to postpone the test . If so then instead of China increasing its pressure on North Korea - as President Trump says he wants it to - it may actually reduce it .
The alternative is however for an uncontrolled escalation between the US and a nuclear armed power the US knows almost nothing about . The extent of US ignorance of North Korea is shown by US uncertainty even about the size of North Korea 's nuclear arsenal , with some US reports guesstimating the number of nuclear bombs in North Korea 's possession at six , whilst others claiming it may already be as high as 30 , and with no-one knowing for sure whether North Korea has managed to develop means to deliver these bombs or not .
That is a terrible situation for the US and for Donald Trump to be in , and it is to be earnestly hoped that they now find the wisdom and the courage to draw back before it is too late , and to learn something from this experience .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Arne Riise has had his say on Liverpool 's tantalising Champions League clash with Roma - and has revealed who he believes has the edge .
The former left-back won the European competition with the Reds back in 2005 , after they pulled off the unthinkable to overturn three AC Milan goals from the first half to win the final on penatlies .
After seven years with the Anfield club Riise moved to Roma , where he spent three seasons in the Italian capital before returning to the Premier League with Fulham .
On Tuesday Liverpool , who overcame Premier League winners Manchester City in the quarter-finals , take on Roma in the semi-finals of this season 's competition .
( Image : Stadium Astro / Youtube )
When asked to give his prediction for the tie , Riise told Gazzetta dello Sport : `` Roma are slight favourites because they will play the return game at the Olimpico . I will be there to watch it and it will be a show .
`` But winning at Anfield is an impossible deed , European nights there are special . Liverpool are Champions League animals . ''
He added : `` Roma found a great coach , you do n't get to the Champions League semi-finals by chance . But [ Di Francesco ] will need an antidote to Liverpool 's attacking trio .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
`` I do n't think Pep Guardiola did anything wrong - I just think some nights it 's impossible to stop [ Mohamed ] Salah , [ Sadio ] Mane and [ Roberto ] Firmino '' .
Manchester United legend Gary Neville has also provided his expert analysis ahead of the tie , and has a similar opinion to Riise .
( Image : PA )
He told Sky Sports : `` I 'm going for Liverpool to win their first leg 2-1 in my Super 6 predictions .
`` But I 'll add that I also think they 'll get knocked out over the two legs , with Roma a very different proposition and capable of frustrating Jurgen Klopp 's attack . ''
( Reuters ) - Thailand 's Phachara Khongwatmai and Italian Nino Bertasio fired impressive rounds of seven-under-par 65 to sit at the top of a congested leaderboard on day two of the Maybank Championship on Friday .
Englishman Lee Westwood , a two-time winner in Malaysia , took the charge in the morning with a spectacular 62 that got him to 10-under overall and the clubhouse lead alongside Scot Marc Warren and Japan 's Yuta Ikeda .
It looked set that the trio would share the lead heading into the weekend at Saujana Golf and Country Club but Khongwatmai went on to open up a one-shot advantage on the back of some brilliant iron play on the back-nine .
The 18-year-old made a steady start with birdies on the fifth and sixth but then came to life after the turn , displaying his enormous potential to collect five consecutive birdies from the 11th .
” I ‘ m very happy with my score , “ Khongwatmai said . ” My plan is to shoot under par every day and play against the course .
“ I do n't want to think ahead or compare my score to another player . It is only two rounds so the tournament is not over yet . I want to focus day by day and hole by hole . ”
Bertasio grabbed a share of the lead from the last group of the day , making eight birdies to reach 11-under overall .
England 's Chris Paisley , who had held a one-shot lead at the end of the opening round , made sure he built on the strong start with a 69 to join the group in the second spot .
Heading into the weekend , 22 players were within three shots of the lead , with the cut-line sitting just seven shots behind the leaders .
East Dunbartonshire MP John Nicolson has reacted to Theresa May 's surprise announcement this morning of a snap General Election , set for June 8 .
The SNP MP said he looks forward to a “ passionately fought and vigorous campaign in East Dunbartonshire ” .
Mr Nicolson told the Herald : “ The choice before East Dunbartonshire voters is clear , as it is for voters all across Scotland .
“ Labour can not win the General Election . We face the prospect of a huge Conservative majority .
“ The SNP is needed as never before at Westminster to provide vigorous opposition to a hard line Tory Government .
“ Voters now have the chance to send a clear message about the direction of our country . I look forward to a passionately fought and vigorous campaign in East Dunbartonshire . ”
After the news broke around 11am , the First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon immediately accused the Prime Minister of trying to impose a hard Brexit and urged voters north of the border to “ stand up for Scotland ” .
She said : “ This announcement is one of the most extraordinary U-turns in recent political history , and it shows that Theresa May is once again putting the interests of her party ahead of those of the country .
“ She is clearly betting that the Tories can win a bigger majority in England given the utter disarray in the Labour Party .
“ That makes it all the important that Scotland is protected from a Tory Party which now sees the chance of grabbing control of government for many years to come and moving the UK further to the right – forcing through a hard Brexit and imposing deeper cuts in the process .
“ That means that this will be – more than ever before – an election about standing up for Scotland , in the face of a right-wing , austerity obsessed Tory government with no mandate in Scotland but which now thinks it can do whatever it wants and get away with it .
“ In terms of Scotland , this move is a huge political miscalculation by the Prime Minister .
“ It will once again give people the opportunity to reject the Tories ' narrow , divisive agenda , as well as reinforcing the democratic mandate which already exists for giving the people of Scotland a choice on their future .
“ The SNP will always put the people of Scotland first – and between now and June 8th we will work harder than ever to retain the trust of the people . ”
Rangers catcher Robinson Chirinos flew out to center field in the Sept. 13 game against the Mariners . Max Faulkner mfaulkner @ star-telegram.com
× Church in Tamaqua to Close
TAMAQUA , Pa. — A Roman Catholic church in Schuylkill County will be closing soon .
The announcement came at masses over the weekend : after 150 years , St. Jerome 's Church in Tamaqua is closing .
“ It 's a historical church , ” Fred Roberge said .
“ ( I 'm ) disappointed . The church has been here for a long time , longer than me anyway , ” said Paul Moyer .
Back in 2014 St. Jerome and SS . Peter and Paul Churches in Tamaqua combined into one parish , St. John XXIII with two churches . Now . one of them will no longer be used .
Community members say they had a feeling it was coming .
“ About a week ago started the little gossipy thing in this little town and people were discouraged , ” said Debra Rogers .
The church 's pastor says his members should n't worry because they will still be able to attend their normal services .
All services will be moved to SS . Peter and Paul Catholic Church in Tamaqua .
“ For me , since I do n't have transportation , it 's easier for me to get to this other church here , which is SS . Peter and Paul , ” Roberge said .
The pastor says the decision was made to close this church because the building is so old and the parish ca n't afford to renovate it .
Even still , members are saddened about the loss to the community .
“ People were really discouraged when they heard about it . We have a lot of people coming in and saying it 's been a landmark forever and their children have gone to school here , confirmation and different things . With it closing , it 's sad . ”
The combined church services will start at SS . Peter and Paul Catholic Church on May 20 .
Sarah Riopelle can recall watching a cartoon featuring Gershwin 's “ Rhapsody in Blue ” as a child . Now a student at UAF , Riopelle is playing the same piece in a concert hall , accompanied by the Fairbanks Symphony Orchestra . She is the first music minor to win the Concerto Competition in a decade .
For Riopelle , music , especially piano music , was a constant throughout her childhood .
“ My mom , when she came from China , she wanted to learn the piano , ” Riopelle said . She and her sisters were all encouraged by their mother to learn to play piano .
The Fairbanks Symphony Orchestra hosted their 26th annual Concerto Competition this January . The competition has three categories : one for children 12 and under , one for teens 13 through high school seniors and one for UAF students . The winners of each of these categories are given the chance to perform their piece onstage with the Symphony .
“ It 's allowing people to have the chance where normally , in big cities , that 's not even a possibility , ” Riopelle said
Of the 8 competitors in the contest 's UAF category , 7 were music majors with the exception of Rioppelle . She recalled feeling that all the competitors had a fair chance and praised her peers , saying they all were very devoted to their pieces .
“ I 'm still in shock over that , slightly . I know how hard I work , and I know how hard Scott has worked , and Rose , and all these other people who are music majors . It 's just insane , ” Rioppelle said .
When she enrolled in UAF , Riopelle was planning to major in chemistry . She later switched to mechanical engineering . She had n't planned on taking any music related courses . This plan quickly changed .
“ After that first semester I missed it so much that I decided I wanted to take lessons. ” she said .
This was when she first reached out to Eduard Zilberkant . A few weeks later , Riopelle and Zilberkant met . Riopelle says she ran to the music department .
Zilberkant , a piano professor , remembers being impressed by Riopelle . When he first heard her play , he described recognizing her “ tremendous potential ” and “ strong personality ” .
“ I would say that her engineering major and the analytical and mathematical aspects of her mind really help her practice and approach to learning pieces , ” said Rose Crelli , one of Riopelle 's close friends and a violist in the Fairbanks Symphony Orchestra .
Her colleagues and instructors agree that Riopelle is extraordinarily talented . Her roommate , Carie Navio , remembers sitting in her practice room and listening to her play .
“ Sarah is talented , but she 's also hardworking , ” Navio wrote in an email . “ She devotes a lot of her time between engineering classes and music . ”
“ I practice a lot , or at least I try to . Last semester I averaged about 20 hours a week , ” Riopelle said .
Riopelle believes the semester she spent away from music has increased her dedication to the art . In addition to her music practice , she enrolls in 15 to 19 credits per semester , regularly meets with her senior design group , works two part-time jobs on campus and serves as the treasurer of Tow Beta Pi , an engineering honor society .
Riopelle says at first she was hesitant to compete , but at Zilberkant 's request she entered the competition , selecting “ Rhapsody in Blue ” as her competition piece out of a long list of other possible pieces . She started training for the competition in October .
Riopelle says there 's a nostalgia factor to why she picked “ Rhapsody in Blue ” , but she also enjoys playing the piece .
“ It 's like freedom to be able to play rhapsody in general – it 's what you 're feeling at a moment . It 's an improvisation . Do you feel free ? Do you not ? Do you feel happy ? The music is there , and you can put a different spin on it , ” said Riopelle .
“ You have to have the ability to play what 's on the page , but you have to go beyond it . If you played every note correctly in the right rhythm of what Gershwin wrote , the piece would really sound terrible , ” Zilberkant said . “ You have to go beyond that , and find the character of the piece , the mood , the style . ”
The youngest category was won by Cirdan Vonnahm , an 11 year old cellist . Vonnahm will perform the final movement of the J.C. Bach/Casadesus “ Cello Concerto. ” The teenage category was won by Joey Hogenson , an oboist and a junior in high school . Hogenson will perform the first movement from Haydn 's “ Concerto for Oboe . ”
Rioppelle says she 's exhilarated and anxious to perform . Both her parents will be attending the concert , and many of her friends . She believes music will continue to be part of her life after graduation .
The concert will be held in Davis Concert Hall on Feb. 19 . The pre-performance lecture by Zilberkant will begin at 3:30 p.m. and the performance will begin at 4 p.m .
Photo : Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jeezy is set to warm up the winter with the 2018 Cold Summer Tour .
Related : Jeezy and Puffy Daddy Rule Miami in ‘ Bottles Up ' Video
The 6-week , 31-city U.S. tour with special guest Tee Grizzley launches in Anaheim , CA on February 7 at the House of Blues .
The Cold Summer Tour exclusive 48-hour ticket pre-sale at Jeezy 's website base will take place Tuesday , December 12 -Thursday , December 14th and are available here .
The tour will be in support of the rapper 's new album , Pressure , which is due to debut on Dec. 15 .
See the full itinerary below .
2/7 – Anaheim , CA @ House of Blues Anaheim
2/8 – Las Vegas , NV @ House of Blues Las Vegas
2/9 – Los Angeles , CA @ Belasco Theatre
2/11 – Sacramento , CA @ Ace of Spades
2/15 – Denver , CO @ Summit Music Hall
2/16 – Kansas City , MO @ Uptown Theater
2/18 – Minneapolis , MN @ Music Hall of Minneapolis
2/21 – Chicago , IL @ House of Blues Chicago
2/22 – Milwaukee , WI @ The Rave
2/23 – Indianapolis , IN @ Egyptian Room at Old National Centre
2/24 – Detroit , MI @ The Fillmore Detroit
2/25 – Grand Rapids , MI @ 20 Monroe Live
2/26 – Cleveland , OH @ House of Blues Cleveland
2/28 – Boston , MA @ House of Blues Boston
3/1 – Providence , RI @ The Strand
3/2 – New York , NY @ Playstation Theater
3/3 – Philadelphia , PA @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
3/4 – Washington DC @ The Fillmore Silver Spring
3/6 – Norfolk , VA @ The NorVa
3/7 – Raleigh , NC @ The Ritz
3/8 – Myrtle Beach , SC @ House of Blues Myrtle Beach
3/9 – Nashville , TN @ War Memorial Auditorium
3/10 – Atlanta , GA @ Tabernacle
3/11 – Charlotte , NC @ The Fillmore Charlotte
3/15 – Shreveport , LA @ Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
3/16 – Memphis , TN @ Minglewood Hall
3/17 – New Orleans , LA @ House of Blues New Orleans
3/20 – Dallas , TX @ House of Blues Dallas
3/21 – San Antonio , TX @ Aztec Theatre
3/22 – Houston , TX @ House of Blues Houston
3/23 – Tulsa , OK @ Cain 's Ballroom
Never miss a tour date from Jeezy with Eventful .
For the £110bn-a-year agriculture and food sector in the UK , the EU accounts for 60 percent of exports and 70 percent of imports . As there is likely to be no trading or customs agreement with the EU , it will mean that we will have to trade with the EU on World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) tariffs . The WTO tariffs will increase the price of goods coming into the UK , and this will have a significant adverse impact on the agricultural industry and consumers .
Although we will be able to agree on trade deals with other parts of the world ( if we leave the EU ) , we should not compromise on our high standards for animal welfare , environmental and food standards . The government also needs to ensure that whatever border agreement they finally settle on , that movement of food perishable goods is not at risk .
The Government must not allow imports that have not been produced to UK standards into the country . We can not be taken in by claims by the likes of Liam Fox 's suggestion of “ Do n't be afraid of US chlorinated chicken after Brexit ” ( remember John Gummer : when he had responsibility for food safety during the mad cow disease epidemic in 1989–90 which claimed 176 British lives . At the height of the crisis , he attempted to refute the growing evidence for by feeding his 4-year-old daughter , on a beach , a burger before the press . If I remember , correctly she did n't eat the burger ) .
Responding to the LGA 's report outlining the effects of Brexit on the UK food and farming industries , former Liberal Democrat Leader and Spokesperson for the Environment and Rural Affairs , Tim Farron , said :
“ Withdrawing from the EU will entail severing ties to fundamental regulatory bodies responsible for maintaining food standards . It is clear that the Tories have no substantial plans to replace or replicate this key , underappreciated element of EU infrastructure . “ The UK makes routine use of these bodies , which ensure that the food on our plates is a high quality , and provide incentives for responsible , sustainable farming . “ This report highlights the devastating implications of Brexit to farming and food standards , and the Tories must sit up and listen . ”
* Tahir Maher is a member of the LDV editorial team
@ Mo_Farah : `` I 'm here to do a job on Sunday . I 've definitely prepared differently this year compared to 2014 . When I ran the Marathon in 2014 I had to think about saving energy for the track but this year I 've gone hard at it . '' # LondonMarathon # SpiritofLondon
CR defeats Charter School of Wilmington in 10 round shoot out . Jason N Minto , The News Journal
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A terrifying crash on a motorway saw a passenger narrowly escape being impaled by a traffic barrier , which plunged into the side of a car , and missed him by inches .
Dashcam footage taken from an SUV driving behind a Sedan , takes a dramatic turn when the recklass Sedan swerved off the motorway in Nanjing , capital of East China 's Jiangsu Province , and tried to join a slip road last minute .
In what turned out to be a near-fatal move , the white Sedan veered right after forgetting to switch lane , colliding with the SUV and slamming into the motorway barrier .
The video shows the SUV hit the sedan , causing the smaller vehicle to skid into the crash barrier , which skewers the back door and comes out the other side of the car .
( Image : AsiaWire )
( Image : AsiaWire )
( Image : AsiaWire )
Both cars stopped on the slip road , with drivers and passengers leaving their vehicles to check on the lone passenger in the back seat of the sedan .
Miraculously , he was found unharmed , with the crash barrier passing right in front of him as his back was pressed against the seat by the centrifugal force .
Nanjing City police took the injured passengers to hospital and towed the vehicles later that day , with traffic having already returned to normal .
The authorities investigating the incident said the sedan driver would be charged with dangerous driving .
Sinkholes have been appearing over the past month in the Cho Don District of the northern mountain province of Bac Kan , generating anxiety among local residents.According to a preliminary survey by the district 's People 's CommitteeBan Tan Hamlet in Bang Lung Town has suffered the most . It has recorded more than 10 land subsidence spots . Some of the sinkholes appeared in springs , diverting all their water underground.Hoang Van Trieu , a farmer in Ban Tan Hamlet , said he was very anxious because big holes appeared in his fishing ponds while cracks were recorded in his garden , fields and the foundation of his house.He said the fishpond was still full of water on Tuesday , with around 200kg of fish.Land subsidence was also recorded in Bang Lang and Ngoc Phai communesAccording to local authorities , this is not the first such occurance in these areas . However , this time the incidents have been more numerous and serious.Deputy Director of the provincial Department of Natural Resources and Environment , Tran Nguyen , said a study showed that one of the reasons for the land subsidence was ground water pumping and the karst topography , which is common throughout northern and central Viet Nam.According to scientists , underground caverns usually develop in karst terrain . External disruptions , such as well drilling , excavation and foundation construction can cause the caverns to collapse.The provincial People 's Committee is working with relevant agencies on measures to address the problem .
Boxcar
Whose voice lingers
among the gathered stones ,
raised then lowered as if
to ensnare followers ?
This is not the issue .
Nor should we speak of paper
shuddering in the wind
and the dense glare of shovels
in the night underfoot .
Pray that the road continues
beyond the next curve
or increment of time .
Trust in motion ,
the reticence of trees .
“ Boxcars ” first appeared here in November 2015 . It had been moldering in a folder for three decades when I uncovered it . I have no idea what originally sparked it .
Loved ones of WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair are asking for your thoughts and prayers .
The wrestling legend was hospitalized and reportedly admitted to the intensive care unit over the weekend for what his reps say was a `` routine monitoring '' and that there was `` no reason to panic , '' according to TMZ . However , it looks like things have taken a bad turn and now his team is reaching out to the fans for support .
`` Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair ? If so , we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues , '' Melinda Morris Zanoni , CEO of Legacy Talent Agency which reps Flair , posted to Twitter on Monday morning .
The wrestling icon made a name for himself in the '70s and '80s taking on the likes of Ricky Steamboat , Roddy Piper and Jimmy Snuka befoe forming the dominant wrestling stable The Four Horsemen in 1985 with Arn Anderson , Ole Anderson and Tully Blanchard . He would go on to have legendary matches with Ricky Steamboat , Terry Funk and Sting in the NWA and WCW , and Hulk Hogan in the WWE .
WWE Heads to Twin Peaks In a Hilarious Parody Skit
His list of accomplishments includes being the first ever WCW World Heavyweight Champion , being a 16-time World Heavyweight Champion overall , and being inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame twice : in 2008 for his singles career and in 2012 as a member of The Four Horsemen .
Flair is reportedly being treated for heart-related issues . The WWE has not yet responded to TV Guide 's request for comment .
By The Associated Press
Sunday , Dec. 10 EAST
Binghamton 67 , NJIT 36
Brown 83 , Colgate 73
Delaware 84 , Delaware St. 49
Hartford 59 , Bryant 47
LIU Brooklyn 72 , Lehigh 69
Rutgers 101 , Fairleigh Dickinson 35
Seton Hall 73 , Boston College 53
UMass 81 , St. Peter 's 65
Villanova 69 , Temple 65
Wagner 60 , Longwood 43
West Virginia 101 , Coppin St. 43
SOUTH
Alabama 73 , Grambling St. 49
Bethune-Cookman 61 , Palm Beach Atlantic 48
Duke 101 , Winthrop 30
Florida 74 , Marshall 69
Florida Gulf Coast 99 , Ave Maria 35
Florida St. 77 , Arizona St. 66
Georgia St. 91 , North Greenville 89
Georgia Tech 80 , Texas-Arlington 52
IUPUI 68 , Tennessee Tech 54
Jacksonville 79 , Flagler 52
LSU 73 , Tulane 50
Mercer 67 , UNC-Asheville 56
Miami 65 , Kentucky 54
Mississippi St. 86 , UALR 48
NC State 63 , Georgetown 49
North Carolina 84 , Furman 56
North Florida 77 , Florida A & M 68
Radford 79 , VCU 62
Tennessee 82 , Texas 75
UCF 62 , Georgia Southern 38
Virginia Tech 64 , Chattanooga 44
MIDWEST
Ball St. 126 , Oakland City 55
Creighton 72 , Nebraska-Omaha 51
Green Bay 76 , Loyola of Chicago 39
Illinois 73 , Detroit 65
Illinois St. 65 , E. Michigan 56
Iowa St. 99 , NC Central 58
Marquette 83 , Army 53
Michigan 54 , Kent St. 41
Milwaukee 60 , Fort Wayne 48
Missouri 78 , SIU-Edwardsville 48
Missouri St. 76 , Oral Roberts 66
Morehead St. 82 , Evansville 75
N. Iowa 92 , Wisconsin Parkside 62
Northwestern 68 , Stony Brook 36
Oakland 104 , UM Dearborn 44
Ohio 77 , Purdue 71
Valparaiso 71 , Chicago St. 60
W. Kentucky 75 , S. Illinois 49
Wisconsin 82 , Savannah St. 24
Xavier 53 , Cincinnati 50
SOUTHWEST
Arkansas 67 , Tulsa 41
Houston 88 , ETSU 69
Houston Baptist 76 , Huston-Tillotson 72
TCU 112 , SE Louisiana 62
FAR WEST
Boise St. 73 , Portland 47
California 92 , Pacific 85
Colorado St. 55 , N. Colorado 44
Fresno St. 61 , Montana 58
New Mexico 94 , Navy 87
New Mexico St. 76 , UTEP 68
Oregon St. 110 , San Jose St. 62
San Diego 72 , Minnesota 69
San Diego St. 92 , Hope International 68
Santa Clara 104 , Menlo 61
Washington 79 , Grand Canyon 65
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Luke Foley in Lismore on his campaign bus to oppose the state government 's $ 2.7 billion plan to knock down and rebuild three sporting stadiums in Sydney .
Luke Foley in Lismore on his campaign bus to oppose the state government 's $ 2.7 billion plan to knock down and rebuild three sporting stadiums in Sydney . Marc Stapelberg
LISMORE has become the unexpected political football at the centre of the NSW Government 's debate over sport stadiums versus hospitals .
Lismore Base Hospital was thrown into the spotlight yesterday when it became one of the NSW Opposition Leader Luke Foley 's first stops on his Schools and Hospitals before Stadiums campaign .
Luke Foley in town : NSW Opposition Leader Luke Foley visited Lismore in a very clearly marked bus as part of a wider campaign .
`` I wanted to come to the Northern Rivers because when you talk about communities being left behind under this government and its stadium splurge , I immediately think of Lismore , ” Mr Foley said .
`` Where 10 % of people who turn up to the emergency department sit there for eight and a half hours or more to be seen by a doctor . ”
But sitting Lismore MP Thomas George said he was surprised to hear Lismore was the first regional stop on Mr Foley 's week-long tour of NSW , as he believed the Base Hospital was neglected under the former NSW Labor Government .
Photos View Photo Gallery
`` My first 12 years I was in opposition with the Labor Government and we can all well remember the condition of the Lismore Base Hospital and the need to have it upgraded , ” Mr George said .
`` Well it was n't until we got into government that we 've seen a commitment of something over $ 300 million to provide to the hospital we have . ”
However , Mr Foley believes even more money needs to be invested into regional hospitals and schools , not replacing an 18-year-old stadium .
`` It 's purely and simply the wrong priority for our state this stadium splurge and that 's why I 'll fight it every week to the election , ” Mr Foley said .
Like other controversial decisions the Liberal-National Government has floated over the years , Mr Foley expects this decision to also `` back-flip ” .
`` I think ( Ms Berejiklian ) will fold here because she is on the wrong side of community opinion , she is on the wrong side on what 's the right thing to do , which is like the Lismore Base Hospital , ” Mr Foley said .
However , Mr George said that 's not what he was hearing on the streets .
`` Yes , they 're spending money in Sydney , but also I 'd like everyone to recognise that since we 've been in government the Liberal-National coalition have spent over $ 100 billion in regional NSW , ” Mr George said .
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump 's campaign staff , according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials . American agencies were concerned about the contacts but have n't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus , the reports say .
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia 's attempts to tamper with the presidential election , according to The New York Times , which first reported the contacts .
According to CNN , `` The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S . intelligence . ''
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories .
Reporter Matt Apuzzo , part of the Times team that broke the story , tells NPR 's Morning Edition that while officials said they have n't seen proof of collusion — `` just the flurry of contacts was enough , and the timing of the contacts , was enough to get them very concerned . ''
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts , officials tell both news outlets .
President Trump called the reports `` conspiracy theories '' early Wednesday , in response to the stories :
`` The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , '' the president wrote . He then added that MSNBC and CNN are `` unwatchable , '' while the Fox News program Fox & Friends `` is great . ''
The Kremlin had a similar response , with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying , `` Let us not believe in what media say , for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones . ''
That 's according to state-run Tass media , which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media .
Allegations about Trump 's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July , when he urged Russian agents to `` find '' Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's emails and release them .
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia ; in Congress , there are also calls for public investigations . Last month , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections .
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own , particularly as the new president is settling into the White House .
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana , who 's on the House Judiciary Committee , tells Morning Edition , `` I do n't think we need an independent investigation here , I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work . ''
That work , he said , includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations . Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that 's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens .
`` There are some serious legal implications here , '' Johnson said , `` but it has nothing to do with partisan politics . I mean , the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review . ''
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored .
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump 's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country :
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. ;
Paul Manafort , resigned as Trump 's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump 's policies with Russian interests ;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September , as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts .
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were `` regularly communicating with Russian nationals , '' CNN reports .
In an interview with the Times , Manafort called the officials ' account `` absurd '' and said he had never had anything to do with Putin 's government .
Manafort told the newspaper , `` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer . ' ''
LONDON ( AP ) — Prince William has brought Lady Gaga on board with in his efforts to persuade people to be more open about their mental health and crush the stigma associated with the issue .
The heir to the throne released a video on Tuesday in which he speaks with the pop superstar in a FaceTime call from his home in London to her home in Los Angeles .
William says it is “ time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health . It 's the same as physical health . ”
Lady Gaga says that talking more openly about mental health would allow people to feel like “ we are not hiding anymore . ”
Advertisement
William , his wife the Duchess of Cambridge and his brother Prince Harry have made mental health a focus of their charitable work .
Just after LG announced its first two smartwatches running Android Wear 2.0 in February , Verizon announced its own competing wearable . Now we know Verizon 's Android Wear smartwatch , named Wear24 , will be available starting May 11 . Coming in silver , black , and rose gold , the Wear24 will be sold on Verizon 's website and in its stores for $ 350 . Alternatively , customers can choose to activate a new two-year plan and get the device for $ 300 .
The Wear24 smartwatch has LTE capabilities , so Verizon obviously wants users to start a new plan when they buy it . However , you can add it to an existing Verizon plan and pay an additional $ 5 per month for LTE access . With that data , the smartwatch can receive notifications and information without your paired smartphone nearby , and it can also take calls , send messages , and stream music on its own . The Wear24 will run Android Wear 2.0 out of the box , and it 'll have the latest version of Google Assistant as well .
The Wear24 smartwatch is comparable to LG 's $ 350 Watch Sport because it has a 1.39-inch , 290 ppi AMOLED display , a 450 mAh battery , and a water-resistance level that allows it to withstand being submerged in about three feet of water for 30 minutes . Verizon confirmed to Ars that the Wear24 does have an onboard GPS , but no heart rate monitor . It was unclear if the device would have either when Verizon first announced it , but it will at least have one of those features . However , for $ 350 , it 's still a somewhat hard sell when compared to LG 's Watch Sport that has both of those sensors .
Android Wear 2.0 has only made it to a handful of devices so far : the rollout has been slow , with only three new watches running it at the end of March . Shipping the Wear24 with Android Wear 2.0 might be enough to persuade some who have been itching to get their hands on an updated Google smartwatch . But it 's also unclear how well-supported the Wear24 will be in the future when Android Wear 2.0 becomes old news .
The future of cars will look something similar to this Honda electric vehicle .
The future of cars will look something similar to this Honda electric vehicle . Contributed
DRIVERLESS cars , electric vehicles and drones are the future of the NSW Transport system in regional NSW , a 40-year blueprint unveiled yesterday .
Minister for Roads , Maritime and Freight Melinda Pavey released the Future Transport Strategy in regional NSW , outlining the State 's commitment to long-term growth and connectivity between regional communities and industry .
Mrs Pavey said months of community and industry consultation has ensured that the strategy 's priorities reflect those of regional NSW .
`` This strategy will guide the transport infrastructure pipeline over the next forty years , ensuring our beautiful regional communities are connected to regional centres and can thrive well into the future , '' Mrs Pavey said .
`` The strategy outlines 227 projects across regional NSW over the next forty years . ''
Lismore MP Thomas George gave insight as to what will happen in the Northern Rivers .
`` There will be many improvements such as Tabulam bridge over the Clarence River on the Bruxner Highway , and additional safety measures for corridor planning to try and take some more curves out of that highway to continue to improve it , '' Mr George said .
`` Summerland Way takes a lot of traffic from Grafton travelling between Casino and Kyogle and up through to Brisbane so building a second bridge at Grafton will certainly provide an opportunity to leave the pacific highway there and have a more direct run in to Brisbane .
He said other improvements for the North Coast include the Woolgoolga to Ballina Pacific Highway , and works to widen the corridor between Lismore and Bangalow .
`` Other upgrades and possible infrastructure is we 've allocated $ 2 million to doing a light rail study from Queensland to Tweed Heads and if that 's a success we will look at possibly extending it down the coast where it 's further populated . ''
Minister for Transport and Infrastructure Andrew Constance said Future Transport 2056 is a step change in transport planning for regional NSW .
`` In a major shift , this plan focuses on connections between regional cities and centres rather than on Sydney , '' Mr Constance said .
`` To cater for increasing populations and freight movements , we are looking at the state as a whole transport network , rather than planning in isolation . ''
Regional NSW is expected to grow by 700,000 people and freight movements are predicted to see a 25 percent increase across the state by 2056 .
Future transport Strategy investigates and outlines :
By 2056 , two-thirds of us will live within 2km of a centre
Increased use of e-bikes and motorised scooters
Automated aerial mobility could be in use by 2056 ( drones )
- Rapid point-to-point services that could transform emergency services and deliveries
- If properly introduced , drones could be used for last mile freight delivery as well as the surveillance and rapid deployment of emergency personnel , maintenance crews or equipment .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street stars past and present have turned out to pay their final respects to show stalwart Liz Dawn at her funeral in Manchester 's Salford Cathedral .
The actress , who played the iconic Vera Duckworth for 34 years , died peacefully at home after a long battle with lung disease emphysema on Monday , September 25 . She was 77 .
And on Friday , the cast of the cobbles arrived by coach from the nearby studios to join Liz 's friends and family in celebrating her life and saying their last goodbyes , with Nigel Pivaro , who played her on-screen son Terry , being one of the first to arrive .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Benjamin Paul / SWNS.com )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty )
Samia Ghadie , who 's character Maria Connor was once in a relationship with Vera 's 'surrogate ' son Tyrone Dobbs , arrived with her husband Sylvian Longchambon .
And Alan Halsall , who plays Tyrone , attended with his wife , former Coronation Street actress Lucy-Jo Hudson .
( Image : PA )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Benjamin Paul / SWNS.com )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
In a statement announcing her death , her family said : `` We are devastated and heartbroken at the passing of our much-loved wife , mother , sister , grandmother and great grandmother , the incredible Liz Dawn .
`` Liz died peacefully last night at home with her loving family around her .
`` She has been the love , light and inspiration in our lives and we are bereft at her passing . ”
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : Getty )
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
The Leeds-born actress , who was a Woolworth 's shop girl before finding fame , was forced to quit the street in 2008 after receiving the terminal diagnosis .
However , she made one last appearance in 2010 when she returned for her on-screen husband Jack Duckworth 's ( Bill Tarmey ) final scenes .
( Image : PA )
In June Liz - whose real name was Sylvia Ann Ibbetson - underwent surgery for a heart condition , which forced her to miss the wedding of her grandson Thomas Borso , in Italy .
She had hoped the procedure would result in a vast improvement to her health .
“ I 've got no energy but once the operation is done I will be looking forward to being as back to my normal self and getting my energy back , '' she said at the time .
( Image : ITV )
Sadly , in recent times she had been confined to a wheelchair , and was admitted to hospital with breathing problems two weeks before her death .
Liz is survived by four children and her husband Donald Ibbetson , who she married in 1965 .
The funeral is set to start at 2pm and will begin with a requiem mass and holy communion service followed by a private family committal .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Premier League winner Robin van Persie has hinted he 's close to retiring , admitting he has to be 'honest ' with himself .
The 34-year-old won the title with Manchester United and is now enjoying what appears to be a swansong with first club Feyenoord .
He returned to the Dutch club in January after leaving Fenerbache where he 'd played since leaving Old Trafford back in 2015 .
Van Persie rolled back the years on Sunday , netting his side 's second goal in the 3-0 Dutch Cup final win over AZ Alkmaar , but admitted he 's thinking about his future .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
`` There will come a moment where I have to be honest with myself -- like now , '' Van Persie told Dutch broadcaster NOS .
`` Today with the final , it turned out to be great for everyone , myself included , and I am very happy with that .
`` But people do n't see the other side , which is that for the last three weeks , I have been going to bed at 10 p.m. every evening and that I eat the right things at the right time .
( Image : AFP )
`` There is a lot that comes with being able to deliver today and sometimes that is a struggle . Sometimes the recovery takes a little longer than I want . ''
With the fact he claims that Feyenoord would like him to return next season , the 103 capped former Dutch international says he will do all he can to keep going until 'he 's 40 ' .
( Image : Manchester United )
`` I also really want it , but you have to be honest and people do n't see that other side , '' Van Persie added .
`` And sometimes it really is a struggle and I get tired of it myself , to be honest .
`` I am working with the guys . I want to help them ... [ and ] I would like to play until I am 40 . I am really happy the last [ few months ] and we will see what the future holds . Time will tell . ''
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Southeast Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Washington 14 12 .538 — 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Miami 12 13 .480 1½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 4 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Central Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Cleveland 19 8 .704 — 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 15 11 .577 3½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 5-5 L-2 5-10 2-9 5-12 Northwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Minnesota 15 11 .577 — 5-5 W-1 8-4 7-7 12-5 Denver 14 11 .560 ½ 5-5 W-1 10-2 4-9 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 1½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 Utah 13 14 .481 2½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 2½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 Pacific Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Golden State 21 6 .778 — 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½ 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto 102 , Sacramento 87
Boston 91 , Detroit 81
Denver at Indiana , 5 p.m .
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
At least a dozen people lost their homes in a three-alarm blaze that destroyed part of a stacked townhouse development in Barrhaven on Wednesday morning , while several say they are grateful to have escaped with their lives .
Multiple 911 calls came in at 8:28 a.m. reporting flames at 601 Chapman Mills Dr .
Arriving fire crews declared a three-alarm fire at 8:38 as flames spread through the back of the complex between Woodroffe Avenue and Longfields Drive . Firefighters began a rapid exterior attack while other crew members searched the units and helped residents get out of the building .
Balcony structures at the rear of the structure were severely damaged and most collapsed at 8:40 . Firefighters continued to try to keep the fire away from as many units as possible while also dealing with flames in the attic . Thermal imaging cameras were also used to limit the spread of the fire .
It was 11:56 before the fire was deemed under control .
Sixteen units were not accessible after the blaze because there was no power and gas throughout the building , and support agencies assisted about 40 residents .
One resident and one firefighter suffered minor injuries .
From the front , the tidy 3.5-storey complex appeared unscathed even as the usually busy artery was jammed with fire trucks , police cruisers and ambulances .
But viewed from behind , one row of units was a charred wreckage from the ground level to the roofline . Collapsed balconies lay in a blackened heap beneath a waterfall from firefighters ' hoses on the roof .
Flames had reportedly started on the outside of the rear of the complex , licking upward from balcony to balcony , then entering at the roofline , spreading the fire into the attic .
Investigators were on scene to determine a cause while volunteers , visible as Red Cross and Salvation Army by their vests and clipboards , went from family to family offering help to the suddenly homeless .
After the main body of the fire was out , crews were still battling small pockets of flames that had erupted on the roof . Firefighters reached them by climbing a pair of towering ladders into the sky .
“ That 's my home , ” Akelah Sedca said , pointing to new flames bursting from the roof of the unit she and her husband lived in for five years . Expecting a baby and suddenly without a home , her possessions and the memories held in photos and videos , she was tearful but thankful everyone was safe .
Sedca had been working from home when there was a knock at the door . Assuming it was a salesperson , she ignored it , but the knocks grew more insistent . It was her neighbour warning her the building was on fire and to get out .
From the street , Sedca watched as the flames quickly consumed her unit and the neighbouring ones .
“ It 's horrible , but thank God we 're all OK , ” Sedca said . “ The neighbours have been so wonderful . People we did n't even know have been offering their homes to us . ”
Nicole Boyer 's mind was on her missing cat , Slippers . While her other feline was rescued — and was hanging out in the back of a police cruiser while Boyer and her fiancé figured out their next steps — the grey and black striped kitten , like other residents ' pets , was still missing from the wreckage of their homes and possessions .
“ It 's just stuff , ” Boyer said . “ It 's the animals I 'm worried about . ”
Ahmed Sandoukah was grateful that his wife and two-year-old daughter , while shaken , were able to make a speedy escape while his older children had already been taken to school .
“ Our neighbour knocked on the door ( and said ) ‘ Get out , get out , ' ” said Sandoukah , one of several parents who said they returned to see flames after taking their kids to school .
Late in the morning , firefighters were rescuing anything they could salvage for the displaced residents , including essential medication , documents and a copy of the Qur'an for a family marking the holy month of Ramadan .
The Rock has his third Rockette.Dwayne Johnson took to Instagram on Monday to show off his chest full of tattoos and his new baby girl in a hospital skin-to-skin contact moment . `` Blessed and proud to bring another strong girl into this world , '' he wrote . `` Tiana Gia Johnson came into this world like a force of nature and Mama laurenhashianofficial labored and delivered like a true rockstar . `` It 's the second child and second girl with Hashian . The actor also has a 16-year-old daughter with former wife Dany Garcia . `` I was raised and surrounded by strong , loving women all my life , but after participating in baby Tia 's delivery , it 's hard to express the new level of love , respect and admiration I have for laurenhashianofficial and all mamas and women out there , '' Johnson wrote.He urged all dads to participate in the births of their children , offering support during labor and delivery . And he made a promise to his new baby that , `` you have my word , I 'll love , protect , guide and make ya laugh for the rest of my life . Your crazy dad has many responsibilities and wears many hats in this big ol ' world , but being your dad will always be the one I 'm most proud to wear . ''
Asphalt era closing with Late Model 100 on September 2 ; ACT event canceled
WEST HAVEN , Vt. – Devil 's Bowl Speedway is going back to its roots : Full-time dirt track racing will return in 2018 . After eight years with an asphalt half-mile , with the last four years running with both asphalt and dirt layouts , the Rutland County facility will have an all-new half-mile dirt surface for its 52nd season .
The changeover marks the third period in the speedway 's history that dirt racing will be held on a half-mile surface ; the track was similar in its first four seasons from 1967 to 1970 and again from 1975 through 2009 . Asphalt racing has been held on the half-mile oval twice , from 1971 through 1974 , and most recently from 2010 to the present . A 3/10-mile dirt track was built in the infield of the half-mile in 2014 and has operated simultaneously with the asphalt track since then .
The asphalt surface will remain intact as a solid base . A fresh new layer of natural Champlain Valley clay , which will be excavated from the speedway property in West Haven , will be laid down over the asphalt beginning in early September . About half of the width of the current infield dirt track will be also used , creating a racing surface approximately 75-80 feet wide with progressive banking in the corners . Should time and weather permit , an open test session will be held on the new surface in the fall .
In addition to the surface change , initial plans also call for an infield pit road to be constructed for use in long-distance races , and early preparation is underway to raise the height of the grandstand bleacher seating in order to provide a better viewing experience for race fans . Racing at Devil 's Bowl Speedway will continue under sanctioning from the NASCAR Whelen All-American Series for the eighth consecutive year in 2018 .
Recent increases in car counts and participation in the asphalt track 's Super Stock and Mini Stock support classes have been encouraging , but the headline Sportsman Modified and Late Model divisions have ultimately proven to not be sustainable as weekly attractions .
In addition , Devil 's Bowl Speedway owners Mike and Alayne Bruno are hoping to lessen the workload for a dedicated group of staff , volunteers , and family . With asphalt racing on Saturday nights and dirt racing on Sunday nights , the current operational aspect of the facility has created a grinding seven-day work week .
“ This decision is something that we have worked hard on for the last three years , ” Mike Bruno said . “ This is very bittersweet for me and my family . We have always loved asphalt racing and we are very proud of what we have accomplished during our six years at Devil 's Bowl . We will always be grateful for the support of our drivers and teams across all of our divisions through the good times and the bad times . Unfortunately , we feel that asphalt racing is heading in the wrong direction in this region and we have to make a change . We are excited to turn the page and start fresh with a brand new dirt track at Devil 's Bowl and build toward the future . ”
Bruno made the announcement on Saturday afternoon prior to the asphalt racing event that evening and thanked the teams for their dedication since Bruno took ownership of Devil 's Bowl Speedway in November 2011 . Bruno recognized several drivers by name for their support including Ron Proctor , Vince Quenneville Jr. , and Robert Bryant Jr. , who have competed in every event for their respective divisions since that time .
Bruno also announced changes to the end of the 2017 stock car racing schedule . Due to below-average car counts in the weekly Sportsman Modified division , the two-day “ Vermont Championship Weekend ” event on September 9-10 has been canceled and officials from the American-Canadian Tour have agreed to remove that series ' doubleheader from their schedule .
Devil 's Bowl Speedway 's asphalt racing era will draw to a close on Labor Day weekend with a huge event on the afternoon of Saturday , September 2 . A 100-lap Late Model race will be the main event , along with an Enduro . Sportsman Modifieds will run the annual “ Leon Gonyo Memorial ” event , and the Super Stocks and Mini Stocks will have extra-distance feature races . The Bandit Youth and Ladies Mini Stock classes will also be on hand .
Racing will start at 2:00 p.m. on Saturday , September 2 . The final Asphalt Track Champions will be crowned in the Sportsman Modified , Super Stock , and Mini Stock divisions , and the annual pig roast barbecue party and bonfire will be held in the evening along with music and a fireworks display . General admission will be $ 20 for adults , $ 18 for seniors , $ 5 for teenagers ( age 13-17 ) , and free for kids age 12 and under .
Devil 's Bowl Speedway is located on Route 22A in West Haven , Vt. , four miles north of U.S. Route 4 , Exit 2 . For more information , visit www.DevilsBowlSpeedwayVT.com or call ( 802 ) 265-3112 . Devil 's Bowl Speedway is on Facebook at @ DevilsBowlSpeedway and on Twitter , Instagram , and Snapchat at @ DevilsBowlSpeed ; follow the action using the hashtag # DevilsBowl .
Sources : Justin St. Louis/Devil 's Bowl Speedway PR
Barry Snelling/Devil 's Bowl Speedway photo
click to enlarge Provided
Emily Papuga , Marion Blount , and Ashley Reid Martin
Local designers Emily Papuga of Suite 33 , Marion Blount of Open Door Shop , and Ashley Reid Martin of Sullivan's-based Goldbug come together to display their wares and chat with guests at this free-to-attend spring Makers + Shakers event , next Wed. April 26 from 5-7 p.m.Swing by the beautiful , spacious Cannon Green Mezzanine and check out goods from gold-plated earrings to serveware to throw pillows . There will be happy hour bites and drinks , including $ 8 speciality cocktails , $ 2 gourmet tacos , and $ 6 chilaquiles .
Best mince pies for 2017 - Top offers from gin-filled to vegan festive treats at Waitrose , Aldi , Tesco and more
Mince Pies are n't just for Santa Claus on Christmas Eve , they are a staple part of your dinner party diet and winter snacking throughout the festive season . From boozy mince pies , to luxury , and even gluten-free mince pies - we 've tracked down all the top picks from the supermarkets this year and rated them on price , filling and style . Here are the best offers and deals on mince pies so you can choose wisely for your 2017 Christmas food shop .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The analogue age is truly over .
Many British schools are scrapping traditional wall clocks because so many children ca n't tell the time , it has emerged .
Teachers say it hampers pupils during exam time when they are n't allowed to use their phones .
An increasing number of teenagers ca n't tell the time using a traditional clock and so schools are ditching them in favour of digital ones .
A teacher told a recent conference in London : `` It 's amazing the number of students I come across in Year 10 , 11 and sixth form who do not know how to tell the time .
`` They do not necessarily have analogue watches any more and they have mobile phones with the time on . ''
Others backed up the claim .
( Image : PA )
Nicola Towle tweeted : `` Our school has replaced the analogue clock with a digital one for exams because pupils could n't use it to tell the time . ''
Cheryl Quine wrote : `` We discovered this a few years ago when some could n't read the exam room clock . ''
Niall Dosad , an assistant head teacher at a primary school in London , added : `` Children tend to get bought an iPhone before they get a wrist watch , if [ they get one ] at all . ''
The national curriculum requires five and six-year-olds to learn to tell the time on an analogue clock , and to be able to draw hands on a clock face marking the hour and half hour .
However , education expert Sue Cowley suggested that many children forget this skill soon after learning it .
It 's not just children who may be struggling .
Adults could also be losing the basic skill .
During the 2013 series of ITV 's I 'm A Celebrity , reality TV star Joey Essex revealed he did n't know how to tell the time using a traditional clock .
Seoul/Beijing : Tension on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea ` s president said resolving North Korea ` s nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and US officials played down the risk of an imminent war .
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tension in recent months .
US President Donald Trump warned at the weekend that the US military was `` locked and loaded '' if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening last week to land missiles near the US Pacific territory of Guam .
`` There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula . Whatever ups and downs we face , the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully , '' South Korean President Moon Jae-in told a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers .
`` I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours , '' he said .
While backing Trump ` s tough talk , US officials including National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster played down the risk on Sunday of the rhetoric escalating into conflict .
`` I think we ` re not closer to war than a week ago , but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago , '' McMaster told ABC News ` `` This Week '' .
US Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk .
`` I ` ve seen no intelligence that would indicate that we ` re in that place today , '' Pompeo told `` Fox News Sunday '' .
US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a commentary in the Wall Street Journal the United States was adopting a policy of `` strategic accountability '' towards North Korea , and was applying diplomatic and economic pressure `` to achieve the complete , verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and a dismantling of the regime 's ballistic-missile programs '' .
`` While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea 's course of action , it is backed by military options , '' they said .
World stocks rallied as investors took heart from the less bellicose rhetoric .
However , North Korea reiterated its threats , with its official KCNA news agency saying `` war can not be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small , random incident that was unintentional '' .
`` Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war , '' it said in a commentary .
South Korean Vice Defence Minister Suh Choo-suk agreed North Korea was likely to continue provocations , including nuclear tests , but did not see a big risk of the North engaging in actual military conflict .
Suh again highlighted doubts about North Korea ` s claims about its military capability .
`` Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms , '' Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show .
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce , not a peace treaty .
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July , tests it often conducts to coincide with important national dates .
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan ` s expulsion from the Korean peninsula , a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South . Moon and Kim , who has not been seen publicly for several days , are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarised border .
Trump has urged China , the North ` s main ally and trading partner , to do more to rein in its neighbour , often linking Beijing ` s efforts to comments around US-China trade . China strenuously rejects linking the two issues .
Trump will issue an order later on Monday to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force US firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property , senior administration officials said on Saturday .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that Beijing has said many times the essence of China-U.S. trade and business ties is mutual benefit and that there is no future in any trade war between China and the United States .
`` The ( Korean ) peninsula issue and trade and business issues are in a different category from each other , '' Hua added . `` On these two issues , China and the United States should respect each other and increase cooperation . Using one issue as a tool for exerting pressure on another is clearly inappropriate . ''
China ` s Commerce Ministry issued an order on Monday banning imports of coal , iron ore , lead concentrates and ore , lead and seafood from North Korea , effective from Tuesday .
The move followed the announcement of U.N. sanctions against North Korea this month which have to be enforced within 30 days by member-states .
US Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford told South Korea ` s Moon in a meeting on Monday that US military options being prepared against North Korea would be for when diplomatic and economic sanctions failed , according to Moon ` s office .
Mumbai : Domestic bourses saw their their first weekly rise in three weeks as the Sensex on Friday soared over 222 points to end at an over two-week high of 31,814.22 and the Nifty closed near 10,000-level on across- the-spectrum buying led by metal stocks ahead of the GST Council meet outcome .
Expectations built up among investors on ground that today 's GST Council meeting may provide some relief to exporters and small and medium enterprises in terms of faster refunds and compliance .
Positive global cues tracking another record close on Wall Street on account of buoyant US data and hopes for tax reform too helped the domestic rally .
`` Market rebounded led by surge in metal stocks on account of rise in global commodity prices . Additionally , expectations from GST council meet to get reduction in GST rates & faster refund gave thrust to small and midcap stocks to outperform . Global market remains positive due to better outlook on US employment data & tax reforms , '' Vinod Nair , Head of Research , Geojit Financial Services Ltd said .
Registering their first weekly gains in three weeks , the Sensex rose by 530.50 points , or 1.69 percent ; while the broader NSE Nifty advanced by 191.10 points , or 1.95 percent , during the week .
The 30-share Sensex , which had lost 79.68 points in the previous session , rebounded by 222.19 points , or 0.70 percent , to close at 31,814.22 after oscillating between 31,844.28 and 31,632.81 . This is the highest closing since September 22 when the Sensex settled at 31,922.44 .
Reflecting a wide-spread recovery , the 50-share NSE Nifty too spurted by 91 points , or 0.92 percent , to close at 9,979.70 . Intra-day , it touched a high of 9,989.35 and a low of 9,906.60 .
Domestic institutional investors ( DIIs ) bought shares worth a net Rs 519.03 crore , while foreign fund outflows stood at Rs 656.50 crore yesterday , according to provisional data from exchanges .
Among the Sensex components , Tata Steel stole the show by surging 4.73 percent to Rs 691.40 after the company said its saleable steel production in the country rose by 18 percent to 5.98 million tonnes in April-September this year , while Sun Pharma climbed 3.19 percent to Rs 530.40 .
NTPC , SBI , Hind Unilever , Infosys , ONGC , Bharti Airtel , Reliance Industries , Lupin , Coal India , Maruti Suzuki , L & T , Adani Ports , Wipro , Axis Bank , TCS , Kotak Bank , Asian Paint , Tata Motors , Bajaj Auto and ITC too traded in the green and posted notable gains .
However , Hero MotoCorp , HDFC Ltd , Dr Reddy 's and Power Grid remained under pressure , down up to 1.42 percent .
Sector-wise , metal advanced the most 3.14 percent , followed by oil and gas 2.09 percent , PSU 1.81 percent , power 1.24 percent , IT 1.23 percent , consumer durables 1.16 percent , teck 1.01 percent and healthcare 0.91 percent .
The broader markets too showed a bullish trend , with BSE small-cap and mid-cap indices surging up to 1.09 percent .
Most other Asian indices closed higher . Financial markets in China remained shut today for a public holiday . Europe posted a mixed picture with Frankfurt 's DAX rising 0.07 percent , while Paris CAC 40 fell 0.17 percent in their late morning deals . London 's FTSE was up 0.14 percent .
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship matches on Sunday Sunday , August 13 Bolivar 1 Jorge Wilstermann 1 Nacional Potosi 1 The Strongest 2 Universitario de Sucre 2 Real Potosi 1 Saturday , August 12 Guabira 0 Sport Boys 2 Friday , August 11 Club Petrolero 1 San Jose 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Jorge Wilstermann 3 2 1 0 8 3 7 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Club Petrolero 3 2 1 0 3 0 7 3 The Strongest 3 2 0 1 8 4 6 4 Oriente Petrolero 2 2 0 0 4 1 6 5 San Jose 3 1 1 1 3 3 4 6 Sport Boys 3 1 1 1 3 5 4 7 Universitario de Sucre 3 1 0 2 4 6 3 8 Guabira 3 1 0 2 3 5 3 8 Real Potosi 3 1 0 2 3 5 3 10 Blooming 2 0 2 0 1 1 2 11 Nacional Potosi 3 0 1 2 1 3 1 12 Bolivar 3 0 1 2 1 6 1 1 : Copa Libertadores Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , August 13 Oriente Petrolero v Blooming ( 2330 )
Despite outrage from British MPs and renowned international academics , the village of Susiya in the South Hebron Hills of the occupied West Bank is bracing itself for the bulldozers , after Israel 's High Court gave an initial green light to the government ( 1st February 2018 ) .
Israel wants to demolish 20 buildings , equal to one-fifth of the entire village , including a health clinic funded by the Italian government which cares for around 500 people from Susiya and surrounding communities . The High Court has just announced that demolition can proceed without delay for 7 of the buildings housing 42 residents , half of them children .
The villagers ' lawyers , Haqel , welcomed what they see as a tentative push-back against the demolition process but point out that 'the terror of demolition ' looms large over the village , with the remaining 13 scheduled buildings still under threat .
Nasser Nawajaa from the Village Council said the timing of the demolition - in the middle of winter - could not be more devastating . Those made homeless are expected to face freezing rains and harsh winds in the coming weeks .
In 2012 , Susiya villagers commissioned a master plan in the hope of putting their lives on a more stable footing . Israeli authorities , however , rejected the plan , effectively blocking any new construction of houses or essential infrastructure , including running water and electricity . As a result , adults , children and the elderly house themselves as best they can , often in tents , forbidden from making substantial repairs to their ailing homes -- homes located , as Nawajaa stressed , on land that belongs to the Palestinians .
Activists point out that the plan to demolish Susiya is a part of an extensive campaign across the West Bank and East Jerusalem . 2016 saw the largest number of demolitions in over a decade . Although living under occupation officially means Palestinians in the West Bank and East Jerusalem are protected by international law , the demolition programme has consistently ignored these rights .
The Village Council insists that demolishing Susiya will be a war crime and that Palestinians must have the right to build on their own land . As Stephen Kinnock MP said in a recent debate , 'This is not an issue of Arab , Muslim or Jewish people . It is about upholding our basic values of justice and human rights , and it is about holding to account those states , Governments and duty bearers that violate those principles and laws . '
Susiya Village Council
‘ Click Interview ” with Black Line / Douglas J. McCarthy : ‘ Black Line Is A Typographic Legal Term , Similar To ‘ Red Line '
Black Line is fascinating concept , which was originally set up in 2016 as a continuation of DJM|REX , a project by Douglas J. McCarthy ( Nitzer Ebb ) and Cyrusrex . It became ‘ a diverse collective of musicians , producers , and sound designers , free to come and go as they please . With various production and remix projects in the pipeline , the self-released album ‘ Treason , Sedition And Subversive Activities ' offers up the first taste of what 's to come ' . Among the artists who contributed to Black Line you 'll find Ken ‘ Hiwatt ' Marshall ( co-producer & engineer ) , Zack Meyers ( co-producer ) , Brad Apodaca , Anthony Baldino , Michael ‘ prophei ' Dietel , Bon Harris ( Nitzer Ebb ) , Baseck , Jon Bates ( Big Black Delta ) , Paul Barker ( Ministry and REVCO ) , Christian Eigner ( Depeche Mode ) , Mark Walk ( Skinny Puppy ) , Maria Lui and of course singer Douglas J. McCarthy . I 'd a chat with Douglas J. McCarthy .
( by Inferno Sound Diaries )
Q : Hi Douglas , Black Line has been introduced as ‘ a diverse collective of musicians , producers , and sound designers , free to come and go as they please ' . How did this concept saw the daylight and how did it really happen to make it come true ?
Douglas : Hello , nice to speak to you . The project started after Cyrusrex and myself were finishing up the third of 3 DJMREX EP 's . We still had some ideas for tracks and Christian Eigner , Depeche Mode 's drummer , was in LA and offered to record some live drums . We went to a studio with a few basic bass line concepts and Christian played a variety of different takes as I wrote lyrics and melodies . It was an excellent days work and got us thinking about working with other friends to explore their take on DJMREX .
It soon expanded into being quite a lot more people including Bon ( Nitzer Ebb ) and Paul Barker ( Revolting Cocks , Ministry etc ) and we started working with producer Zack Meyers . We soon realized that this was actually more complicated than DJMREX so decided to give it a new name . Black Line is a typographic legal term , similar to ‘ red line ' , that means all previous drafts of a document are included . It seemed to fit the process .
Q : I can image it first of all is a damned crazy , but original way to bring ‘ friends ' together or at least musicians who respect each other ? What does it really mean to you and the others ?
Douglas : It was pretty relaxed . Most of us live quite close to each other and Cyrus ' studio where we worked . The main core of the people on the album were myself , Zack and Cyrus . Other people would drop by as they wanted and in the case of Michael who lives in San Francisco or Paul who lives in Portland , we would send tracks we thought they 'd enjoy working on . We had a lot of song ideas and sometimes they 'd reach an impasse so we 'd move on to another idea . There are a couple of songs that made it to the album that started life as a different song or different songs that we 'd skim the best ideas from to form a complete song .
In terms of what it means to myself and all those involved , I think it was something we never planned to do so in some ways it was a surprise to be working in this way , at other times it could be frustrating to have so many ideas springing forth and it took quite a bit of discipline , especially from Zack to filter the good from the bad .
Q : What are your personal experiences about friendship and respect between artists ? Is it really possible ?
Douglas : Hmmm , the old friendship and being artists conundrum ! I have had the pleasure of working and collaborating with a variety of artists over the years . Dropping in and out of essentially someone 's project is a lot easier than ‘ being in a band ' . I think Black Line inadvertently blurred that definition and so poignantly now it is the time to tour the album it has , inevitably , been hard to make the decisions about whom will play live . We did a celebratory show in LA earlier this year where we invited all the players on the album and also Jason Payne from Nitzer Ebb , but we knew moving forward having 9 people on stage would be simply unsustainable . So with the Depeche Mode tour being announced there are unsurprisingly some hurt feelings right now .
On a more general level , I have a good quantity of friends who are fellow artists and there is a very high level of respect and nothing but good will to one another .
Q : Back to Black Line and the album “ Treason , Sedition , And Subversive Activities ” . Was there a kind of concept or guiding line ( s ) for the artists to compose their song ( s ) ? How did it happen and who has been responsible for the coordination between all contributors ?
Douglas : There was no overview going into the project we just relied on our taste . But inevitably after listening to more tracks there seemed to be clear moods that were necessary for us to convey the whole project . The normal ( for me ) mixture of sadness , anger and humor . I wrote the majority of the lyrics and melodies but Zack was definitely involved and at times would originate lyrical ideas . Jon Bates ( Big Black Delta ) also had a role .
Sonically , Cyrus would set a mood for the most part using an extensive array of modular synthesis that would be the basis of a lot of the tracks that eventually made it to the album . I would then bounce off those to begin the lyrical and melodic content . Others would potentially add a level of additional musical mood and Zack would reign it in to be more honed in as a song .
Q : The songs are pretty diversified , but it feels a bit like your vocals are the cement between all of the songs to get the album compact and cohesive . Do you agree on this point and tell us a bit more how it was for you singing on such a diversified composition ?
Douglas : We used layers of other people singing… Jon , Zack , even Ken Marshall , but there was never any thought of not having me sing and I agree with you that it creates the sound of an album to have a lead singer . But I would say that would n't I ?
I have a diverse taste in musical styles and have never felt inhibited by having to be ‘ true ' to one thing or another in terms of lyrical or vocal performance . I react to the actual elements I am dealing with with each track . It is a lot of work and at times I simply did n't have anything to say for a few days so we 'd rework older tracks . Eventually the ideas are forthcoming or not . It 's a creative process that is not something you can turn or off as you wish .
Another point is that we are using quite complicated time signatures that do not necessarily stay the same throughout the song so it was challenging at times .
Q : Can you imagine Black Line playing any kind of charity performance ? It would be something unique or am I just dreaming .. ? It also is another way to ask you about further plans for Black Line ?
Douglas : I better be able to imagine it as we are opening for Depeche Mode ! Although I 'm pretty certain that does n't qualify as a ‘ charity performance ' . We are planning on adding as many live shows as we can over the coming year .
Courtesy by Inferno Sound Diaries
This post is syndicated from Side-Line Music Magazine .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Representatives of a well-known Chinese automaker made at least one offer this month to buy Fiat Chrysler Automobiles at a small premium over its market value , Automotive News has learned . The offer was rejected for not being enough , a source said .
Meanwhile , other sources independently identified executives from other large Chinese automakers conducting their own due diligence on a potential purchase of FCA , including meeting last week with representatives of U.S. retail groups about a potential acquisition . A source said FCA executives have traveled to China to meet with Great Wall Motor Co. And Chinese delegations were seen last week at FCA 's headquarters in Auburn Hills , Mich .
It 's unclear which Chinese automaker or automakers are pursuing FCA . Different sources have pointed to involvement by different ones - Dongfeng Motor Corp. , Great Wall , Zhejiang Geely Holding Group or FCA 's current joint venture partner in China , Guangzhou Automobile Group . But it is also unclear which company or companies are likely to follow through or succeed .
Unsurprisingly , FCA is n't talking , nor are any of the four Chinese automakers . But if a sale proceeds , the quintessentially American Jeep brand - once owned by the Germans and most recently by the Italians/Dutch - may soon be owned by the Chinese .
A government directive dubbed China Outbound pushes Chinese businesses to acquire international assets from their industries and operate them `` to make their mark , '' much as Geely has done since acquiring Volvo in 2010 . Bloomberg reported last week that Chinese companies plan to spend $ 1.5 trillion acquiring overseas companies over the next decade - a 70 percent increase from current levels .
`` Right now , Chinese automakers enjoy the full support of the leadership in Beijing to go and make it happen , '' Dunne said . `` That 's something brand new , and it 's really picked up since 2015 . ''
Along with Volvo , Dunne pointed to Italian tire maker Pirelli and German robotics giant Kuka as Chinese acquisitions supported by the China Outbound policy .
After learning over the weekend that Trump plans to call for an investigation into China over allegations that the nation violated U.S. intellectual property rights and forced technology transfers , we learn that several Chinese companies may have submitted bids for Fiat Chrysler ( FCA ) in a deal that would include the company 's iconic Jeep brand . According to AutomotiveNews , at least one Chinese automaker made a bid earlier this month for FCA at a slight premium to the company 's prevailing market price but it was rejected for being too low.According to AutoNews , any sale likely would involve FCA 's highly profitable Jeep and Ram brands , as well as Chrysler , Dodge and Fiat , but would exclude Maserati and Alfa Romeo which would be spun off.Interest from China comes amid a push by the government to acquire international assets in order to gain further access to markets outside China.Of course , given Trump 's focus on domestic auto production and intellectual property violations by China , something tells us this particular deal will be somewhat 'complicated ' politically . That said , FCAU shareholders seem to be somewhat optimistic this morning ...
ATLANTA ( AP ) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs , Jason Vargas pitched five scoreless innings and the New York Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 4-1 on Wednesday night .
It was a much-needed reprieve for the Mets , who had lost seven of nine and are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1 .
The Braves had rallied to win two of the first three games in the series in the ninth inning , but they could n't muster a comeback this time , going down in order as Robert Gsellman earned his second save .
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East , one-half game behind Washington , the two-time defending division champion that begins a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday .
Jeurys Familia , the Mets ' usual closer , avoided trouble in the eighth , getting Nick Markakis to ground into a double play to strand a runner at third .
Vargas ( 2-3 ) pitched five scoreless innings , allowing just two hits and one intentional walk with two strikeouts .
The Mets got what they needed from Vargas , who was pitching on three days ' rest and began the game 1-3 with a 10.62 ERA in five starts in his first season with New York .
New York made it 2-0 in the seventh off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran ( 4-3 ) when Amed Rosario tripled with two outs and scored on Nimmo 's single .
The Mets went up 3-1 in the eighth on Gonzalez 's single off Sam Freeman and took a 4-1 lead in the ninth when Rosario doubled off Miguel Socolovich and scored on Nimmo 's double .
New York led 1-0 in the fourth when Jay Bruce doubled and scored on Gonzalez 's double .
Teheran gave up five hits , two runs and three walks in seven innings . He struck out three .
New York moved Vargas up in the rotation after Noah Syndergaard went on the disabled list with a strained ligament in his right index finger . Vargas had given up 34 hits , including six homers , with 10 walks in 20 1/3 innings in his first season with the Mets and was hit hard in a loss May 3 to the Braves in New York .
But he kept Atlanta off-balance , allowing a first-inning single to Freddie Freeman and a second-inning double to Charlie Culberson .
Tim Peterson , making his major league debut , retired the first four batters he faced before Johan Camargo hit his fourth homer in the seventh to cut the lead to 2-1 .
PERFECT CONDITIONS
After the first three games had over four combined hours of delays caused by rain or the threat of a storm , Wednesday 's games breezed through in 2 hours , 42 minutes . The temperature stayed in the high 70s on a clear night .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mets : LHP Steven Matz is listed day to day , and the team hopes he wo n't miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger . Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz is n't expected to go on the disabled list .
Braves : RHP Mike Soroka , on the disabled list the past two weeks with a right shoulder strain , will make his first rehab appearance Friday at Class A Rome .
UP NEXT
Mets : RHP Seth Lugo ( 1-1 , 2.48 ERA ) will make his first start of the season as the Mets open a four-game home series against the Chicago Cubs . In 26 starts , he 's 12-6 with a 4.09 ERA . He 's 0-1 with a 9.00 ERA in one start and two relief appearances when facing the Cubs .
Braves : LHP Sean Newcomb ( 5-1 , 2.75 ERA ) is coming off no-decision last Saturday at Boston in which he lasted just three innings and gave up six hits and three runs . Before that , Newcomb had won four starts this month and allowed just one run and nine hits in 25 innings . Newcomb is 0-2 with a 9.72 ERA in two career starts against Washington .
___
For more AP baseball coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
comments
ROANOKE , Va. - The Mill Mountain Zoo is celebrating the Fourth of July by offering visitors 50 percent off admissions on Wednesday .
Admission prices are normally $ 9 for adults , $ 8.25 for seniors , and $ 7 for children 3-11 . Children 2 and under are free .
The zoo has 160 animals and attracts 50,000 visitors every year . It also serves 15,000 school children every year on-site through outreach activities .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
UNITED KINGDOM 12.11.2017 Courtesy Video Natochannel
On any NATO mission throughout the world , the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps is ready to deploy . It 's comprised of 1,600 troops from 23 nations and has the ability to lead up to 160,000 soldiers on the ground . Annual exercise ARRCADE FUSION tests their readiness .
OTTAWA - Eight provinces and all three territories will share $ 2 billion in federal funds to help them cut their greenhouse gas emissions over the next five years .
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna has scheduled a news conference Thursday in Ottawa , where she will finally unveil details of how the Liberal government 's promised Low Carbon Economy Fund will work .
Manitoba and Saskatchewan , neither of which has signed the Pan Canadian Framework on Clean Growth and Climate Change , will not be eligible for any of the money .
The fund was first created in the 2016 federal budget to help provinces fund initiatives which significantly cut greenhouse gases as Canada races to meet its targets under the Paris climate change accord .
Canada must cut almost 200 million tonnes of emissions by 2030 to meet its target of reducing greenhouse gases to 30 per cent below 2005 levels . That 's the equivalent of taking more than twice as many cars off Canada 's roads as are even in the country .
The fund was initially to be a two-year program , with the $ 2 billion equally divided between 2017-18 and 2018-19 , until it became clear early in the negotiations that the provinces and territories needed more time to find the best uses for the money .
The money was reprofiled over five years in this year 's budget , starting with $ 250 million in 2017-18 . There will be $ 500 million available in each of the next three years and the final $ 250 million in 2021-22 .
The funds will be allocated for projects that significantly reduce emissions , prioritizing those that reduce the most emissions most cheaply . Initiatives must also be in addition to existing projects or those that are already planned .
A spokeswoman for McKenna told The Canadian Press recently the fund would only be available to `` support serious action on climate change for those who have committed to the Pan Canadian Framework . ''
Thus far , the promise of a piece of the $ 2-billion pie has not been enough to lure either Saskatchewan or Manitoba to sign the framework .
Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall is adamant he will never sign the framework as long as it requires him to introduce a price on carbon . He is threatening to sue Ottawa if it tries to impose a carbon tax on the province .
As part of the framework , Ottawa requires every province to implement a minimum $ 10 per tonne price on carbon by the spring of 2018 , or Ottawa will do it for them . The price has to rise by $ 10 per tonne per year until it hits $ 50 per tonne by 2022 .
Ottawa pledges any revenue raised by a carbon tax directly will stay within the province it came from , although only those with their own carbon price program will get to decide how to spend it .
The federal government will decide how to allocate the money raised by carbon taxes it imposes , and is looking at giving at least some of it back in direct grants to individual families and small businesses .
Manitoba chose not to sign the framework in an attempt to leverage more money for health care . It is less opposed to a price on carbon , but reports say the province may prefer a federally imposed carbon tax to force Ottawa to wear the political fallout .
— Follow @ mrabson on Twitter
NEW HAVEN , Conn. ( WTNH ) – Today we 're Cruisin ' Connecticut to New Haven , home of the Knights of Columbus Museum .
You can experience their annual Christmas crèche and Christmas tree exhibit . This year , there are hundreds of crèches from all over the world , on display .
It gives visitors a look at how different cultures and regions of the world interpret the “ nativity scene . ”
Downstairs at the museum , you 'll find two dozen eclectic Christmas trees . They were decorated by students across Connecticut .
Visit the Knights of Columbus Museum : 1 State St , New Haven , CT 06511
Know of cool people , places or events to check out for “ Cruisin ' Connecticut ? ” Email me , or let me know on : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram or Snapchat : @ RyanKristafer .
CLOSE Hundreds gathered on local curbs and porches Wednesday morning for the annual The Smyrna-Clayton Fourth of July Parade . Adam Duvernay/ The News Journal
Buy Photo Anthony Sniadowski ( left ) and his partner Justin Devereaux , partners in the TNT Fireworks stand at 401 Governors Place in Bear , ring up customers on a busy Fourth of July . ( Photo : Jerry Smith/The News Journal ) Buy Photo
Justin Devereaux and Anthony Sniadowski wo n't let a petty thief ruin their 4th of July .
The 20-something business partners were having a successful week running the TNT Fireworks stand at 401 Governors Place in Bear when they came in Tuesday morning and saw that someone had taken thousands of dollars worth of merchandise .
Sniadowski said his managers did n't want the inventory packed up each night because it creates more work for those opening up the next day .
Despite asking the local police and security at the shopping plaza to make the rounds in the parking lot , the fireworks were stolen from a table along the back wall .
`` It sits out and the only thing between the thousands of dollars of fireworks inside is a canvas tent , '' he said . `` We came in the next day and the back table was cleared out . ''
Buy Photo Anthony Sniadowski helps customers at TNT Fireworks at 401 Governors Place in Bear . ( Photo : Jerry Smith/The News Journal )
Delaware State Police say it 's a theft that occurred between 8 p.m. Monday and 11:30 a.m. Tuesday .
Because there was no surveillance video , DSP public information officer Cpl . Michael Austin said via email they have no suspects at this time .
Sniadowski is hopeful that a sticker from one of the packages left at the scene with a thumbprint on it will help lead to an arrest .
The young entrepreneurs were taking advantage of Delaware allowing the sale of certain types of fireworks for the first time .
Airborne fireworks are n't legal in Delaware — so what is ?
The law , which limits use to July 4 and Dec. 31 , allows only ground-based and hand-held sparklers and certain other nonexplosive , non-airborne novelty items regulated by the federal government to be sold and used in Delaware . It means the state is now one of more than 40 other states with similar legislation .
That was enough for Sniadowski and Devereaux to bring in just under $ 22,000 for the week in sales . Their take is 20 percent of all sales .
But with $ 6,500 of inventory no longer available to sell , the young businessmen are worried their first venture into the booming fireworks business wo n't pay off .
Buy Photo Justin Devereaux , a partner in the TNT Fireworks stand at 401 Governors Place in Bear , shows a potential customer a fireworks display Wednesday . ( Photo : Jerry Smith/The News Journal )
`` Being this was Delaware 's first year selling fireworks , we were selling a lot of inventory , '' Devereaux said . `` We were very disappointed when we came in Tuesday . We 've put in two long days trying to make that money back . ''
Sniadowski said the president of TNT Fireworks visited some of the top locations Tuesday and happened to be at the Bear location when police were conducting the investigation .
`` He said he would do his best to help us out because he does n't think we need to shoulder it all , '' Sniadowski said . `` I ca n't afford to eat that . I 'm really hoping they take care of us . ''
Reach Jerry Smith at jsmith17 @ delawareonline.com . Follow him on Twitter at @ JerrySmithTNJ .
4TH OF JULY READS
Smyrna-Clayton parade a birthday celebration for Independence Day baby
Slow left-lane drivers push back in debate : It 's speeders making the roads dangerous
Tips to get the most out of your Delaware beach stay
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/07/04/young-bear-entrepreneurs-fireworks-ripped-off-during-july-4th-holiday/758106002/
CONCACAF boss targets 2026 World Cup for better results
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Eduardo Verdugo , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Brazils Neymar celebrates as Mexico 's Miguel Layun and teammates Hirving Lozano embrace at the end of their round of 16 match at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena , in Samara , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Brazil won 2-0. less Brazil 's Neymar celebrates as Mexico 's Miguel Layun and teammates Hirving Lozano embrace at the end of their round of 16 match at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena , in Samara , Russia , Monday , July ... more Photo : Eduardo Verdugo , AP Image 2 of 4 Mexicos Erick Gutierrez , right , and Mexico 's Jonathan Does Santos leave the pitch at the end of the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena , in Samara , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018. less Mexico 's Erick Gutierrez , right , and Mexico 's Jonathan Does Santos leave the pitch at the end of the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena , in Samara , ... more Photo : Sergei Grits , AP Image 3 of 4 Tears run down the face of a Mexico soccer fan as he watches Brazil take the lead during a live broadcast of the Russia World Cup game between Mexico and Brazil , in Mexico City 's Zocalo plaza , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Mexico lost 2-0. fewer Tears run down the face of a Mexico soccer fan as he watches Brazil take the lead during a live broadcast of the Russia World Cup game between Mexico and Brazil , in Mexico City 's Zocalo plaza , Monday , July 2 , ... more Photo : Anthony Vazquez , AP Image 4 of 4 CONCACAF boss targets 2026 World Cup for better results 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
MOSCOW ( AP ) — The head of North American soccer says the region 's teams need until 2026 at a home World Cup to reach their full potential .
Mexico 's traditional round of 16 loss this week left the Confederation of North , Central American and Caribbean Football ( CONCACAF ) without the quarterfinals place it got four years ago from Costa Rica .
`` All in all , I think it 's par for the course , '' CONCACAF President Victor Montagliani said Tuesday of the region 's performance in Russia .
With just three teams at this World Cup compared to four in 2014 , Costa Rica was last in a tough group and newcomer Panama lost all three games .
`` I think you will see an improvement in four years , '' Montagliani told The Associated Press in an interview , though suggesting `` eight years is more realistic . ''
Elected to lead CONCACAF in 2016 , the Canadian official acknowledged the soccer body had too often let down its 35 FIFA member nations .
`` Quite frankly , over the last 40 years CONCACAF as a confederation has not really done much to help the federations try to compete at a world level , '' Montagliani said of an era tainted by corruption , and leaders indicted by the U.S. Justice Department .
Now moved from Manhattan to Miami , CONCACAF has reformed its business practices and revamped competitions for national and club teams .
A Nations League kicks off next year , designed to raise competitive standards by giving smaller national teams more fixtures and revenue in a two-year cycle .
Four places were added to the marquee Gold Cup , which the United States will host next year with 16 teams .
`` Then we will see what we look like eight years from now when we host a World Cup in our backyard , '' Montagliani said .
Though Mexico beat Germany 1-0 in a stunning group-stage opener in Moscow , CONCACAF had a bigger win in the Russian capital . Five days earlier , FIFA members picked the joint United States-Canada-Mexico bid over Morocco to host the 2026 tournament .
That 48-team edition will give CONCACAF six guaranteed places — likely with automatic entry for all three hosts — plus two more chances in an intercontinental playoff round in November 2025 . Two of six teams will advance , with Africa , Asia , Oceania and South America all sending one entry .
In Russia , CONCACAF was understrength after Honduras lost its intercontinental playoff last November , going down 3-1 in Australia after drawing 0-0 in the home leg .
`` It 's really important we get a fourth team ( in 2022 ) , '' Montagliani said . `` I think this year it was disappointing Honduras did n't take advantage of their home field advantage . ''
Four years ago , Mexico grabbed a fourth place for the region when it surprisingly fell into the playoffs as Honduras advanced directly with the U.S. and Costa Rica .
This time , the U.S. slumped in the final qualifying group , letting in Panama which was overmatched in Russia .
`` Like most debutants they saw how tough it is at this level , '' Montagliani said . `` The team that probably should have qualified four years ago was here this year and a little bit old in the tooth . You 're going to see a different Panama now in the next four years . ''
So too will CONCACAF on and off the field , the FIFA vice president insisted .
`` Our confederation will look differently by the time we get to '22 and definitely look different by the time we host in '26 . ''
___
More AP World Cup coverage : www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
An artist knows they have made it big time when A ) you have a drag queen impersonate you B ) another really big artist covers your song . Both are the case for # SummerBash artist DUA LIPA !
Check out Panic ! At The Disco 's IDGAF cover below :
When pitcher Allie Stanya and her Babylon softball teammates walked off the field at South Glens Falls last season after a 1-0 loss to Depew ( Buffalo ) in the state Class B semifinal , they vowed to return .
“ I 'm so motivated , ” Stanya said . “ During school , I 'm just thinking about the game . I 'm always just thinking about softball and how I can help my team and how we can actually do this . ”
The road to redemption begins Thursday at Hofstra , as Babylon plays Oyster Bay in the Long Island Class B championship at 6:30 p.m. , shortly after the conclusion of the Class C final of Mercy vs. East Rockaway , starting at 3:30 p.m. On Friday , Mount Sinai plays Carey in the Long Island Class A championship at Hofstra at 3:30 p.m. , followed by the Class AA final between Longwood and defending state champion East Meadow , scheduled for 6:30 p.m .
The Panthers have been waiting for this moment all season , after graduating only one senior from last year 's roster . The Babylon seniors want to cement their place in school history .
“ I think we all have States in the back of our mind , ” senior catcher Molly Cummings said . “ We 've all been thinking about it . As much as you do n't want to jump the gun because you ca n't take any team lightly , I think we definitely have unfinished business we need to take care of . ”
Stanya , with a 1.12 ERA and 0.92 WHIP with 154 strikeouts in 94 innings this season , and Cummings , with a .507 batting average in her 116 lifetime games , have formed as formidable of a batterymate as you 'll find on Long Island the past few seasons . The two have been pitching and catching to each other since age 5 , they said , leading to optimism for Babylon ( 16-5 ) .
“ Our chemistry is so strong , she can tell when I 'm down or up , ” Stanya said . “ She 's always there for me and keeps me calm up there and if I had any other catcher , I do n't know . She just makes me the pitcher I am . ”
Oyster Bay , which swept Wheatley in the Nassau B finals , enters its second Long Island Class B finals in the last three seasons , led by the hitting of Jamie and Lilly Galasso in the middle of the order . The Baymen ( 11-12 ) scored 30 runs in their two county championship games .
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
“ They rise to the occasion really well and I could n't be more proud of them , ” coach Victoria Wink said . “ I have four seniors and I could n't be happier for them to continue their softball career these few weeks and I think we 're really excited to be here . ”
In Class AA , East Meadow continues its quest toward back-to-back state championships , after the Jets defeated Binghamton , 1-0 , in last year 's final .
With starting pitcher Christina Loeffler back in the circle and a lineup featuring Jenna Laird , Sam Reyes , Julianna Sanzone , Amy Mallah and Loeffler , East Meadow is 22-2 on the season . The seniors spoke with the underclassmen about how special last year 's state run was , as the run to the title starts with a matchup against Longwood .
“ As a team , we 're looking to go big again , ” Loeffler said , “ and we want the younger girls to experience what we did last year . Honestly , we 're just trying to take it one game at a time , win one game at a time . ”
Coach Stew Fritz has been impressed how the girls handled the pressures that come with being defending state champions . “ It 's hard , people do n't get it , but I would never switch places , ” Fritz said . “ The pressure is a lot . We try to take it on us — the coaches . We try to let them relax before the games and we do n't put a lot of pressure on them , but they have a lot of pressure . ”
Longwood , the Suffolk AA champions , had a 17-win turnaround from a 4-16 season in 2016 to 21-2 this year after a 2-1 victory over Half Hollow Hills West in the county final . Led by an experienced senior class , highlighted by pitcher Emily Koerick , middle infielder Gabby Vicidomini and catcher Molly Ryan , the Lions have changed how schools view Longwood softball .
“ We are going into [ the LI title game ] the same way we go into every game : Focused , ” Ryan said . “ We are ready to do the job . ”
“ We were 4-16 two years ago and now we are here , ” coach Joe Calarco said . “ I 'm just so proud of this team , and now we have a chance to play in the Long Island championship . It 's fantastic . We have a great opportunity in front of us . ”
There 's a familiar team representing Suffolk in Class A , as Mount Sinai heads to its fourth-straight Long Island Class A championship after defeating Sayville twice in the county final . But the Mustangs ( 22-3 ) have yet to advance to a state semifinal , a streak they hope to snap Friday .
“ This [ LI championship ] means the world to us now four years in a row. , ” pitcher/first baseman Julia Golino said . “ It 's our time to shine . We 've lost three years in a row and now we want to show what we got . ”
Led by Lové Drumgole at shortstop , Mount Sinai has one of the deepest lineups on Long Island , including Molly Birnstill , Emma Wimmer , Ilexa Skulnick and Golino . Golino and Wimmer have provided a one-two punch in the circle all season for a team one win away from a state semifinal .
But Carey ( 15-7 ) will provide a tough matchup , representing Nassau A after defeating Mepham in three games in the county final . Led by a strong defense and timely hitting from the likes of Gianna Castogliolo , Marissa Nicoletti , Francesca Cirone , Arianna Millan and Destiny Nardello and the pitching combination of Jacqueline Schemmer and Dana Romano , the Seahawks wo n't make anything easy for Mt . Sinai .
In Class C , East Rockaway ( 16-4 ) is led by the strong pitching and hitting of Emily Chelius , who recorded all 16 of the Rocks ' victories , including six homers . Mercy ( 10-11 ) swept Southold in the Suffolk C final with two victories from Sarah Penny in the circle .
With John Boell
OPINION
DAVID Leyonhjelm 's hopes of fluking a third election to the Senate have been boosted by the controversy he started and has worked hard to prolong .
After a 40-year dismal trudge through unwelcoming political territory Mr Leyonhjelm would think he 's finally playing with the grown-ups .
The `` slut-shaming '' argument with Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young has brought him into the media big-time .
Once limited to appearances on zany and largely unwatched TV shows , he has in recent days been interviewed on mainstream programs such as Ten 's The Project and ABC 's 7.30 .
It 's national exposure he has not earned during four years in the Senate . He has taken more from federal politics than he has contributed and has been treated as a quirk at best .
But suddenly his quirkiness and fringe appeal are big news .
Important for him , he has been able to lay out his angry white man credentials , skilfully appealing to that frothing group and associated cranky electors .
Picking a fight with an outspoken woman from the Greens would n't hurt him with that group of voters .
And he needs the exposure if he hopes to win the election expected in the first half of next year .
Angela Bishop confronts David Leyonhjelm on Studio 10 .
Mr Leyonhjelm 's hope would be there is a significant NSW constituency determined to not support the major parties . They are favouring One Nation and right-wing independents and he wants them to include him in their considerations .
His party , the Liberal Democrats , is hardly a household name and nor is Mr Leyonhjelm . Or it was n't until he insulted Senator Sarah Hanson-Young .
In the 2013 election he stood as a Liberal Democrat candidate , and had the good luck of the party being given the number one position on a long , long ballot paper for the NSW senators . There was confusion between the Liberal Party of Australia and the Liberal Democrats .
That helped the Liberal Democrat ticket reach a primary vote of close to 10 per cent - remarkable for a party which was little known and whose contribution to policy debate was non-existent . David Leyonhjelm directly received about 1600 votes .
He next contested the 2016 election and again got lucky .
It was a double-dissolution election which meant only half the quota of a regular , half Senate election was being needed .
That 10 per cent of 2013 dropped to just under four per cent and the Leyonhjelm vote went to 5400 , but with preferences he was back in the Senate .
Next year , when it 's again a normal half Senate election and a full quota required , he will need more than luck .
The problems for this strategy is that in the process he is harming his chances with 51 per cent of the electorate - women voters .
And it could be that the bracket of angry male voters he is counting on already knows of him from is appearances on their favoured political talk shows .
One other problem could be his running mate .
Former Labor leader Mark Latham , a Liberal Democrat since May last year , is considering standing for the party at the state or federal level .
If he tried for the Senate the better-known Mr Latham could crowd out Mr Leyonhjelm .
There is still time to catch a Pateley Bridge art exhibition which celebrates a unique friendship .
Artists John Page and Patrick Smith have united for Old Friends , New Work , One Vision , which is on at Number 6 Studio Gallery in the town until Saturday .
Patrick said he met retired farmer and avid amateur painter John Page while working as a visiting lecturer back in 2001 . The pair forged a deep friendship and regularly go on painting trips ; at 82 , John is showing no signs of slowing down .
John worked with many leading contemporary artists of the late 70s and 80s when he helped set up the now defunct Arcade Gallery in Harrogate with the late Peter Scarf , who was former head of the art and design unit at Harrogate college and also Patrick 's boss .
The exhibition is 10.30am to 4.30pm each day .
Patrick , who runs private classes in painting , printmaking and drawing , added : “ This exhibition is a celebration of a very unique friendship and collaboration . ”
This week marks the fourth annual Colorado Natural Wine Week . For the next five days , Denver will welcome natural winemakers to celebrate winemaking in its purest form— no additives , chemicals or over-processing .
“ Basically , natural wines are ones that have the least amount of human interaction possible , ” explained Troy Bowen , the co-vice president of the Colorado Natural Wine Connoisseurship . “ Natural winemakers are just trying to chaperone the grapes into a bottle and let them speak for themselves . ”
The event has grown each year since Bowen co-founded it , but this is the first year that it will host the actual winemakers instead of sales reps from each vineyard . There will be makers from nine natural wine vineyards — representing Italy , Spain , France , Oregon , California and Colorado .
“ Denver is such a conscientious town , ” Bowen said . “ We exercise , we care what we put into our bodies . Natural Wine Week is just an extension of that . ”
So what are “ natural ” wines , anyway ? Bowen explained that the most common misconception is that they 're the same as organic wines . The term “ organic ” applies to the grapes in the vineyard , but “ natural ” refers to the process that occurs after . After being picked , organic grapes can be altered significantly — for coloring , taste , body — and still be called organic . Natural wines , however , avoid all of the manipulation and processing that occurs post-harvest .
“ Natural wines are not trying to fix anything , ” Bowen said . “ They 're just letting the grape do what it wants to do . It makes for fun , vicious wines that are full of character . Some wines you sip and can tell that it was a boardroom decision to make that wine . These wines have something real to say . It 's years ' worth of weather and experiences in a bottle . ”
If you 're looking to expand your horizons and dip into wine in its purest form , check out some of these Colorado Natural Wine Week events that are open to the public in the upcoming days .
Boulder Natural Wine Crawl
What : Tuesday , April 18 , starting at 5 p.m .
Where : Across downtown Boulder — details below
Cost : No entry fee , price per glass
The Lowdown : Meet the winemakers and taste their wines as you “ crawl ” between a few of Boulder 's best— PMG , Arcana and Oak at Fourteenth . Each spot will host a few of the week 's winemakers , snacks and special pricing on each wine . You can also pick up a Natural Wine Crawl passport — if you get all the stamps , you 'll be entered to win various goodies from the organization . For more information on which maker will be stationed where , click here .
The Grand Showcase
What : Wednesday , April 19 , 4:30 to 8 p.m .
Where : Space Gallery — 400 Sante Fe Dr. , Denver
Cost : $ 39 per person , $ 75 per couple — tickets here .
The Lowdown : 200 wines will be at your fingertips for $ 39 . This Grand Showcase tasting event is open to the public and features wines , winemakers , winery owners , importers and representatives from Artadi , Domaine Marcel Deiss , Fattoria Poggerino , Jack Rabbit Hill , Cooper Hill , Ovum , Scribe Craft Wine Company , Kermit Lynch , Rosenthal Wine Merchant , Becky Wasserman & Co , Louis-Dressner Selections , Jenny & François , Domaine Select and more . Bonus : a new batch of tickets was just released today , so jump on it before they 're gone again .
The Wine Dive
What : Thursday , April 20 , 6 p.m. until close
Where : Vesper Lounge — 233 East 7th Ave. , Denver
Cost : Free entry , all wine will be $ 8/glass
The Lowdown : For one night only , Vesper Lounge will be transformed into a natural wine bar . Sip on $ 8 glasses of wine all evening guilt-free — it 's for charity . All the proceeds from the event will be donated to Water for People , a non-profit bringing safe and sanitized water to four million people across nine countries .
—
In addition to these three events , restaurants and wine shops across the city will host tasting events and dinners in celebration of these natural winemakers throughout the week . Participants include The Populist , Hop Alley , Rioja and more . For a full list of those , click here .
“ This is more than distributors trying to push product — it 's winemakers who have a common passion and interest and want to educate the community as a whole , ” Bowen said . “ We value their passion so much , and we just really want it to be translated into these events . ”
For more information on Colorado Natural Wine Week and its events , click here .
Concerns have been raised that a decision to introduce two mini roundabouts at Knaresborough 's busiest junction will not ‘ solve the problem ' .
Seven years after Bond End was declared an Air Quality Management Area ( AQMA ) , a decision to change the junction layout at Bond End was approved last Friday ( January 26 ) .
Executive Members of North Yorkshire County Council approved the report by the Bond End Steering Group which recommended the option over two others which have been investigated extensively .
But the decision has been met with mixed reaction , as the Mayor of Knaresborough , Coun David Goode suggested a lot of concerns still had n't been addressed .
He said : “ The estimated cost does n't include whatever services they have to move so clearly they still have a lot of work to do .
“ I 'm also surprised they are saying they still have to do the safety assessment so all the residents that are impacted by the changes , none of that has been resolved as to how they are going to get out of their homes .
“ It strikes me as strange that they can make a decision when they have n't fully determined the cost and have n't conducted a safety assessment . ”
Coun Goode also highlighted that the report suggests the changes are only predicted to improve air quality in the short term , and that Bond End will still officially be an AQMA .
He said : Whatever they do , it still will not meet government targets for reductions in air pollution .
“ It 's potentially a lot of money that is going to be spent for some improvements in the short term but it still does n't solve the problem that people desperately wanted fixing . ”
However NYCC 's Executive Member for Highways Councillor Don Mackenzie , reassured that the added cost of moving services would not stop the project and that safety assessments were all in hand .
He said : “ We have to change the widths of the paths on High Bond End corner , but that does mean that some telecoms cabling will have to be moved .
“ We do n't know the exact cost of that but we are not expecting it to be such that we can not go ahead . I have no personal concerns on that score .
“ The safety checks have also been done , what we have said is they have not been concluding . We are deciding what types of pedestrian crossings are best placed at the junction .
“ We will make sure the crossings that we put there are safe and protected .
“ And the other thing is to look at how we can provide safe access for residents of Bond End to their properties .
“ Perhaps putting up a notice for cars coming down High Bond End that people will be reversing out of their drives . ”
Coun Mackenzie stressed that the air pollution issue at Bond End has been a subject ‘ for years ' and that now was not the time to delay further .
He said : “ The report makes perfectly clear that this does n't remove the air quality issue but it is a step in the right direction .
He added : “ By 2028 I 'm pretty sure it wo n't be a problem anymore because most vehicles will be electric . ”
Abraham Lincoln is remembered for leading during the Civil War , freeing the nation 's slaves , founding land grant colleges and becoming the first commander in chief assassinated in office .
Given all that , perhaps there just is n't room in the country 's collective memory to recall his seminal role in creating the country 's most despised and vilified government agency : The Internal Revenue Service .
It was 1861 . Lincoln was in a financial bind . Also , he was in a war . To raise money to fight the Confederacy , Lincoln pushed for and won passage of an income tax and , a year or so later , established the Internal Revenue Bureau to collect what was owed .
Though Lincoln 's tax was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1895 – the 16th Amendment , passed in 1913 , created the income tax we endure today – historians and legal scholars credit the 16th president , a moderate Republican , with laying the foundation for progressive taxation enforced by the tax man .
These days , the people who know that wield it as political artillery .
What almost nobody remembers is how the New York Times ' editorial page , derided by President Donald Trump and other modern-day Republicans , supported Lincoln and the income tax , particularly because the rich owed more .
People with incomes of less than $ 600 paid nothing . People who made more than $ 600 but less than $ 10,000 paid a 3 percent tax . Those with incomes above $ 10,000 paid a 5 percent tax . Luxury taxes were also imposed on tobacco , whiskey , cattle stock and other material and consumption desires of the wealthy . ( Proposed taxes on watches , pianos and dogs were eliminated before passage of the income tax law . )
Editorial writers at the Times seemed pleased .
`` The income taxes are so framed as to place the heaviest burthen upon that portion of the people who have the largest material stake in the country and the nearest interest in the integrity , public faith and lasting stability of the Government ; the men of money and of productive stocks and other income paying securities , '' the Times wrote on March 4 , 1862 , using grammar and spelling that no longer make sense .
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 7:13 I-85 Roadway Collapse - Press Conference 3-31-17 Pause 1:32 Large fire causes Georgia highway overpass collapse 2:37 Tennessee family battles HOA after daughter is nearly strangled 2:12 Gamecock athletes dressed to impress for annual gala 3:20 Doolittle Raiders take to the sky 60 years after historic battle 2:27 A'ja Wilson talks about getting dolled up , reveals her USC crush 1:15 Eggstravaganza 1:03 How Rep. Jim Merrill got wrapped up in the S.C . Corruption Probe 1:11 Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center 1:10 Sindarius Thornwell supports PJ Dozier NBA decision Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email How to get more time to file your tax return You can get an extension to file your tax return but make your tax payment by the April due date . Here are instructions on how to get more time to file . Credit : Internal Revenue Service
The Times also noted that an income tax would encourage citizens ( at least the male ones ) to be less tolerant of government corruption , perhaps laying the foundation for the investigative reporting that sprang up in newspapers after the Civil War .
`` When every man in the community – every man in the United States – finds he must put his hands into his pocket and draw out a portion of his hard-earned gold and silver to deliver to a Government agent , he will not be indifferent any longer to how that money goes , '' the Times wrote . `` If it is stolen by the Collector , or squandered by Congress through lobby legislation , or sequestered by Cabinet officers through nepotism in contracts , the people who have paid will know it , and they will know how to punish . ''
The Times were not totally in the tank for taxes , though . For one thing , the editorial page opposed taxes on newspapers . `` It is certainly remarkable that republican American should impose a tax upon newspapers , the great educators in modern times , '' the paper said . That seems fairly self-centered until reading what else the newspaper opposed , such as taxes on locomotion .
`` Social intercourse between people composing a nation is essential to domestic harmony , '' an editorial said . `` To Southern soldiers captured on the battle field , the Northerners are simply monsters . The moment the two mingle , they can not possibly see what they are fighting for . People living at a distance are always , in imagination , enemies of each other . ''
Wishful thinking . Thanks , Abe .
Horgan has spoken with both Trudeau and Notley in recent days to reiterate his government 's position
B.C . 's premier says his government is trying to protect the province , not be provocative , over a proposed ban on an increase of diluted bitumen shipped from the west coast .
John Horgan said Friday that his government 's announcement earlier this week is cautionary and designed to make sure B.C . does n't suffer in the event of a catastrophic spill .
“ I did not set out to be provocative , ” he said at a news conference . ” In fact , I would suggest that a press release saying we 're going to have a consultation should not be the foundation of a trade war between good friends . ”
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley suspended talks Thursday on buying B.C . electricity , and has described the proposal as an unconstitutional attempt to stop Kinder Morgan 's Trans Mountain pipeline .
The expansion project would triple capacity along the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby , B.C. , and increase tanker traffic off the coast seven-fold .
READ MORE : Province takes aim at Trans Mountain pipeline with proposed bitumen restrictions
READ MORE : ‘ That pipeline is going to get built : ' Trudeau dismisses B.C . 's Trans Mountain move
Ottawa has already approved the expansion and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised again on Friday that Trans Mountain will go ahead , saying it 's an important part of Canada 's energy plans .
Horgan said he 's spoken with both Trudeau and Notley in recent days to reiterate his government 's position that expanding the pipeline would pose a significant threat to B.C . 's economy and environment .
The province is already challenging the project in Federal Court , arguing that B.C . was not adequately consulted .
The government has sought legal advice on the new proposed regulations , but that advice is confidential , Horgan said .
Talking to residents is well within the province 's rights , he added .
“ We are not putting in place regulations today , we are not putting in regulations at the end of the month . We are putting in place a consultation and an intentions paper so that the public has an understanding of the potential impact of a catastrophic spill within British Columbia . ”
B.C . is not trying to take on the rest of the country with the proposed rules , Horgan said , but does want to be an equal partner in the federation .
He noted that there are many other issues where he agrees with Notley and Trudeau , and hopes they can move forward on those .
“ I think there 's great potential for positive working relationships on a number of fronts and I prefer to focus on those , ” he said .
With files from Ashley Wadhwani , Black Press
Gemma Karstens-Smith , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Staff . Sgt . Tyrone Johnson emcees a talent show at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Nov. 21 , 2016 . He hopes to one day become a motivational speaker where he can use his life experience to help others bring positive change to their lives . ( U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 11.21.2016 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID : 3082894 VIRIN : 161121-F-CA297-105 Resolution : 4976x3318 Size : 1.59 MB Location : ( UNDISCLOSED LOCATION ) Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , From Gang Leader to Staff Sergeant : How one Airman overcame all odds to find success [ Image 1 of 20 ] , by SrA Andrew Park , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Getting goals from JT Siano and Sam Atterbury , the Ridgefield High boys soccer team pushed its winning streak to eight games with a 2-1 triumph over host Wilton on Thursday .
The victory was the second in three days for the Tigers , who were coming off a 4-0 win over Darien on Tuesday night at home .
Now 8-2-0 overall , Ridgefield is first in the FCIAC East Division with 24 points , six more than second-place Fairfield Ludlowe . The Tigers are also tops in the conference overall standings , three points clear of Greenwich and Stamford , which each have 21 points .
In Thursday 's game at Wilton , Ridgefield jumped out to an early lead on a goal by Siano in the third minute . Siano found himself one-on-one with a Wilton defender and was able to put on a move to get free before pounding a shot into the goal .
Ridgefield had a chance to up its lead in the 16th minute , but Alex Lust 's left-footed shot hit the elbow of the post and crossbar and bounced out .
The Tigers padded their advantage with 7:39 left in the first half when Sam Atterbury headed home Drew Conte 's corner kick .
Wilton got a goal from Chase Connolly with 6:11 to play in the second half to pull within 2-1 . But the Warriors were unable to add the equalizer before time expired .
Tuesday 's game with Darien was a battle between the haves and the have-nots . While Ridgefield entered with six straight victories , the Blue Wave came into the contest still looking for their first win .
On Breast Cancer Awareness night , those trends continued , as Ridgefield put on a clinic and blanked Darien , 4-0 .
Although Ridgefield controlled the pace throughout entire game , its opening goal did n't come until midway through the first half . Lust sent a wide pass to Siano on the left side of the box , and Siano tactfully beat a defender and fired a shot that ricocheted off the right post to an unmarked Jack Liguori , who deftly deposited a shot into the Darien net .
“ I just got lucky and had an opportunity that I had to take in order to get our team going , ” said Liguori .
Ahead 1-0 , the Tigers played with more precision in the second half . Just 90 seconds after the restart , the Tigers doubled their lead on the first of Siano 's three straight goals . Pressured by two Darien defenders right outside the box , Liguori executed a beautiful back-heel pass that found Siano , who slammed a shot into the left corner of the net .
“ JT [ Siano ] and I have really good chemistry because we 've played for years together , ” said Liguori . “ I saw his run behind me and knew with his ability as a forward that he 'd get there and finish . ”
Siano then added his second goal of the day . Charlie Poremba took a corner kick from the right side and effectively placed it into the box . From there , the ball deflected off a Darien defender and fell at the feet of Siano , who fired home from the top of the box .
Siano was n't done . With under 15 minutes left , Alex Glass launched a counterattack and went on a lengthy dribbling run before dumping the ball off to Siano inside the penalty area . Siano converted the feed to finish off both his hat trick and the Blue Wave .
While Siano and the attack snagged the headlines , Ridgefield 's defense and midfield units both turned in dominating efforts . The shutout was the sixth this season for the Tigers , who have allowed just two goals in their last eight games .
“ We are starting to get our rhythm down , ” said senior defender Shane Bowler , a mainstay on the backline along with classmates Ben Sasse , Nick David and Michael Grevers . “ The midfield really came alive this game . We are working hard at practice and giving it everything during our games , and our record is starting to show it . ”
The midfield was pivotal to the Tigers ' success , as Darien was befuddled by the swift passing of Lust , Will Coffin and Niels Van Beek . They effectively retained possession and kept most of the game on the Darien half of the field .
Siano , who registered his second three-goal game this season , was appreciative of the support .
“ I really could n't have done it without the team , ” he said . “ The midfield played really well . ”
The Predators were the last team into the postseason with 94 points and became only the third team seeded last in its conference to reach the Stanley Cup Final since the NHL went to its conference-based playoff format in 1994 . But this is a very young roster with goaltender Pekka Rinne ( 34 ) and captain Mike Fisher ( 37 ) the oldest mainstays .
All-Star P.K . Subban is the oldest of Nashville 's top four defensemen , and the top line is Filip Forsberg ( 22 ) , Ryan Johansen and Viktor Arvidsson , both 24 .
`` We 'll do everything we can to get back to this position next year , '' Poile said .
Here are some things to know about the Predators this offseason :
QUICK WHISTLES AND OFFSIDE
Poile said he was frustrated over Colton Sissons ' goal not being allowed due to a quick whistle . He said he is disappointed that the system does n't allow the goal to count and that he will do everything he can move forward to improve the league 's system to correctly count goals . The system may not get every call right , but Poile said they should move closer to 100 percent than 50-50 .
`` We as managers , the gatekeepers of the game , we have to put in place a system where the right call is always made . Everybody knows the goal should have counted , but the system was not there to allow the goal to be counted , '' Poile said .
ROSTER ISSUES
Fisher is one of five unrestricted free agents and someone the Predators want back . Poile said Wednesday they have n't started talking to the center . Fisher says he needs to pray about his future with faith , family and then hockey key in whether he returns .
Johansen is one of three key restricted free agents with Arvidsson and Austin Watson . Johansen blossomed this season tying Arvidsson with a team-high 61 points and tied for third with 13 points despite missing the final eight games this postseason injured . Johansen and Arvidsson share an agent , and Poile said the Predators will be talking in Chicago at the draft .
VEGAS
Poile has to submit a plan Saturday on which players to protect from the Golden Knights ' expansion draft June 21 . Neal , due $ 5 million next season , along with Colin Wilson and Craig Smith , could be options for that clear salary cap space as well .
INJURIES
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Katherine Jenkins has given birth to her second child - a baby boy .
Confirming the happy news on Twitter with a cute picture of her older daughter Aaliyah holding her little brother 's hand , Katherine revealed his unusual - and very long - name .
`` Andrew , Aaliyah and I are proud to announce the arrival of our gorgeous son Xander Robert Selwyn Levitas , '' he wrote .
`` His middle names honour our late fathers who live on in our little ‘ Defender of Men ' ( Meaning of Xander ) .
( Image : Getty )
Our family , our home and are hearts could not be more full of love & we are incredibly grateful for the gift of being parents to these beautiful children .
`` Cwtches to you all xxx , '' she added .
Opera singer Katherine announced her pregnancy in mid-November 2017 with a cute Instagram post featuring their two-year-old daughter Aaliyah Reign wearing a cape and with the slogan 'Sidekick coming soon ... ' .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She told her fans : `` Andrew and I are overjoyed that our family will be growing in 2018 with the addition of our second child - a baby brother for our little superhero Aaliyah ! ! ! ''
In 2016 the chart-topping star , 37 , revealed her plans to expand their family , explaining : `` We definitely want another child .
`` There 's no ovulation charts on the wall or anything . . . not yet anyway . . . but that 's because I 'm about to go on tour .
`` But we hope we will be lucky enough to have a second child . ''
( Image : Adam Davy/PA Wire )
Katherine married American artist Andrew in a lavish Hampton Court Palace ceremony in September 2014 , just five months after getting engaged .
She said at the time : `` Our wedding was incredibly special . It was like a fairy tale . It was emotional because everyone was so happy for us .
“ Having our close family and friends there was what made it . We did n't want to make it a big deal , that 's not us . ''
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–T25-Gonzaga-Washington Box
No . 12 GONZAGA 97 , WASHINGTON 70 GONZAGA ( 8-2 )
Williams 9-14 5-9 23 , Tillie 4-7 2-2 11 , Norvell 6-16 7-8 21 , Melson 4-7 0-0 11 , Perkins 4-5 3-3 14 , Kispert 1-5 0-0 3 , Hachimura 5-10 2-2 12 , Jones 0-0 0-0 0 , Larsen 0-1 2-2 2 , Wade 0-0 0-0 0 , Beach 0-0 0-0 0 . Totals 33-65 21-26 97 .
WASHINGTON ( 7-3 )
Timmins 2-2 1-1 5 , N.Carter 1-5 1-2 3 , Dickerson 7-10 2-6 18 , Crisp 5-12 2-4 16 , Thybulle 2-7 0-0 5 , Wright 1-1 2-2 4 , Green 1-5 0-1 2 , Johnson 3-3 0-0 6 , Nowell 4-11 3-3 11 . Totals 26-56 11-19 70 .
Halftime_Gonzaga 47-33 . 3-Point Goals_Gonzaga 10-28 ( Perkins 3-4 , Melson 3-6 , Norvell 2-11 , Tillie 1-2 , Kispert 1-4 , Hachimura 0-1 ) , Washington 7-19 ( Crisp 4-7 , Dickerson 2-2 , Thybulle 1-5 , Nowell 0-1 , N.Carter 0-2 , Green 0-2 ) . Fouled Out_Nowell , Tillie . Rebounds_Gonzaga 34 ( Williams 12 ) , Washington 23 ( Nowell 5 ) . Assists_Gonzaga 20 ( Perkins 8 ) , Washington 13 ( Nowell 4 ) . Total Fouls_Gonzaga 18 , Washington 20 .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A defense attorney and a federal prosecutor said Monday they were engaged in discussions to resolve the case of Gerard Terry , a former power in the North Hempstead Democratic Party facing federal charges of income-tax evasion and obstruction of the Internal Revenue Service .
But neither Eastern District prosecutor Artie McConnell , nor Terry 's defense attorney , Stephen Scaring , of Garden City , said in Central Islip federal court at what stage such discussions might be .
Terry , then 62 , of Roslyn Heights , was arrested in January by federal agents and accused in connection with a complicated scheme to avoid paying more than $ 1.4 million in federal taxes since 2000 , although he was earning more than $ 250,000-a-year from numerous public positions , according to then-Eastern District United States Attorney Robert Capers .
Terry pleaded not guilty after his arrest .
McConnell previously has said in court documents that Terry is also being investigated for “ kickback , bid rigging and other procurement fraud schemes in Nassau County . ”
Terry has not been charged with any of those crimes .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
He resigned or was fired from various public jobs last year after Newsday reported he owed nearly $ 1.4 million in federal and state taxes .
After the Newsday story , the Nassau County District Attorney 's office charged Terry with eight counts of fraud involving state income taxes . Terry has pleaded not guilty to those charges .
In the federal case , U.S. District Judge Joanna Seybert released Terry after initially agreeing with prosecutors that he was a possible danger to the community and a flight risk . The judge ordered Terry confined to his home and monitored by an electronic bracelet .
Seybert ended Terry 's confinement and monitoring after Scaring argued in court papers that it was unusual to confine a person to their home , for what he called “ a routine tax indictment . ”
Scaring added that Terry 's finances were “ dire , ” and his inability to leave home and meet clients was having an “ adverse impact ” on “ his ability to earn a living . ”
McConnell argued unsuccessfully in court papers to have Terry remain in home confinement , writing : “ It is also unclear why home confinement is detrimental to the defendant 's business , since his home has been his office and the address of record for his practice for years . ”
Marines assigned to Detachment 3 of 2D Civil Affairs Group ( 2D CAG ) complete night operations training in the vicinity of Camp Upshur on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11 , 2017 . During this portion of training , the Detachment , commanded by Major Andrew Bauer , familiarized the Marines with their night vision equipment over the course of a patrol .
2D CAG 's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12 , completing training in convoy operations , key leader engagements , clinic assessment and medical capability , interpreter interaction and usage , night operations , patrolling , and cultural familiarization .
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group ( FHG ) . 2D CAG , along with its sister units of 1st , 3D , and 4th CAG , provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander 's objectives . 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force ( II MEF ) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade ( II MEB ) , as well as those commands ' subordinate units .
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.11.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID : 3166750 VIRIN : 160401-A-AB123-0103 Resolution : 480x640 Size : 68.49 KB Location : MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO , VA , US Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [ Image 1 of 14 ] , by CPT Thomas Garnett , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The referendum on whether to leave the EU divided the nation and now Wife Swap will have everyone at each other 's throats again with a new Brexit Special .
The personality-clash show will see Essex barmaid and UKIP supporter Pauline ( Leave ) swap her home , family and job with Nottinghamshire psychotherapist and Green party councillor Kat ( Remain ) .
Immigration is a big concern for the leave family and Pauline 's husband Andy takes Kat to an East End market to make his point .
`` This used to be a good white area back in the day . I do n't feel like I 'm in my own country . I feel like a stranger , '' he says .
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
Kat , who was born in Germany , tells him : `` I think some of the stuff you say is xenophobic . ''
Meanwhile , Pauline - who 's a huge fan of Nigel Farage - has a tough time fitting in with Kat 's liberal friends .
During a party , she tells them : `` You can not have a nativity play now for fear of upsetting people . ''
And one of the guests asks her : `` Are you anti Europe or anti brown skin ? ''
But Pauline admits she 's shocked to hear another guest , a German immigrant , fears being deported . It 's not a side effect of Brexit that she ever imagined when she voted .
( Photo : Channel 4 )
( Photo : Channel 4 )
Back in Essex , Kat holds a Brexit pub quiz at the local club - to test Leave voters on their knowledge of what Brexit really means for Britain .
She feels that many leavers have had the wool pulled over their eyes by misleading stories and statistics .
So she 's shocked when the locals manage to answer most of her questions correctly and Kat is left even more frustrated - leaving the pub angry and upset .
At the end of the show the two couples meet halfway in East Hertfordshire - where the vote was almost exactly 50/50 in the referendum .
Across the table , Andy asks Kat if she thinks he 's a racist and she says she thinks he is xenophobic .
When she returns home to Nottingham , a Brexit present from Pauline lurks undiscovered - a Farage garden gnome .
* Wife Swap : Brexit Special is on Channel 4 tonight at 9pm
The trio fell into a pool at the provincial park Tuesday afternoon
Squamish RMCP say they have found the bodies of three hikers who fell into a pool in Shannon Falls Provincial Park Tuesday afternoon .
“ We 're changing the operation into a recovery mission , ” said Cpl . Sascha Banks .
“ We have located the area that they 're in and we 're just trying to find a safe way to get them out . ”
Search crews had been searching through the night for the trio of hikers . Police say they were swimming with a group of friends at the top of Shannon Falls when the slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below .
Banks said that police are not releasing the names of the hikers because they have n't been able to contact their next-of-kin .
“ When that time comes , that will be a decision for the B.C . Coroners Service , ” Banks said .
The area remains closed to the public .
Related : Wrong turn leaves B.C . man stranded in provincial park for almost two days
Related : Teen hiker dies near Bunzten Lake in Coquitlam
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
By The Associated Press
PORT CANAVERAL , Fla. ( AP ) — The Latest on a cruise ship stuck at Port Canaveral ( all times local ) :
6:30 p.m .
A Royal Caribbean cruise ship has set sail from Florida a day later than scheduled because of problems with life jackets .
The Majesty of the Seas set sail Port Canaveral on Tuesday evening after a 24 hour delay .
Advertisement
A Coast Guard inspection Monday found that some of the ship 's life jackets were showing their age .
Company spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez says the Coast Guard found other technical issues that were addressed .
Martinez says the ship 's 2,515 guests will receive onboard credit for 25 percent of their cruise fare as compensation for being inconvenienced .
___
2:30 p.m .
Royal Caribbean officials say replacement life jackets have arrived at a cruise ship that was delayed from leaving Port Canaveral , Florida , because of problems with life-saving equipment aboard .
Company spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez said Tuesday in a statement that some of the outdoor lifejackets on the Majesty of the Seas were showing their age .
She says that during a routine inspection the U.S. Coast Guard found some other technical issues that are being addressed .
Passengers had already boarded the Majesty of the Seas Monday afternoon when it was announced that their departure from Port Canaveral would be delayed .
The 880-foot-long vessel can typically carry more than 2,700 guests and a crew of about 900 .
___
5:15 a.m .
Passengers on a Royal Caribbean cruise ship who were expecting to be on their way to the Bahamas instead spent the night stuck at a port in central Florida after Coast Guard inspectors found safety issues on board the ship .
News outlets report that passengers had already boarded the Majesty of the Seas when their Monday afternoon departure from Port Canaveral was delayed .
Coast Guard spokesman Ryan Dickinson said the delay had to do with the life-saving equipment on board , not the ship 's engine . He did not give further details .
Royal Caribbean apologized to the delayed guests on Twitter and asked for patience .
The 880-foot-long vessel can typically carry more than 2,700 guests and a crew of about 900 . It 's unclear how many were on board .
Stephen Colbert has returned from Easter break , and he kicked off Monday 's Late Show with a brief recap of President Trump 's first White House Easter Egg Roll earlier in the day . He cringed at the moment when first lady Melania Trump had to nudge the president during the national anthem . `` He forgot to put his hand over his heart , '' Colbert said . `` It happens to everybody . I mean , when I saw that footage I almost forgot to put my hand over my face . '' And yet , he added , that was `` not the most embarrassing thing to happen at the Easter Egg Roll . That honor goes to the official White House Snapchat account , that sent out this snap featuring a bunch of kids gathered around the 'Secretary of Educauon [ sic ] Betsy DeVos . ' Yes , it 's like Betsy DeVos always says : There 's no ' i ' in education , the way I spell it . ''
But Colbert 's vacation left a lot of news on the table , and he started with Trump 's decision to bomb Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's air base — and his retelling of that fateful decision , paired with a chocolate cake , Chinese President Xi Jinping , and mixing up the country he bombed . `` Hey , South Korea , before the war starts , just to be on the safe side , you might want to break out the spray paint , '' Colbert said , showing an image of the Korean Peninsula with `` The Good Korea ( Do Not Bomb ) '' scrawled in yellow paint across the lower half .
Washington : Scientists are moving towards unravelling why otherwise healthy dolphins , whales and porpoises get stranded along coasts worldwide .
Thanks to a collaboration between NASA scientists and marine biologists , the new research suggests that space weather may be part of a `` cocktail of contributing factors '' influencing animal beaching .
`` Our view is that strandings are likely caused by a complex combination of multiple environmental factors , '' said Antti Pulkkinen of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Centre in Greenbelt , Maryland .
Mass strandings occur around the world and can affect anywhere from three to several hundred animals during any given event .
Although they are a global phenomenon , scientists have identified certain hot spots : New Zealand , Australia and Cape Cod , Massachusetts , all of which share key geographic characteristics like sloping beaches and fine-grained sediment - factors thought to play a role in strandings .
In strandings involving multiple deaths , autopsies reveal that the vast majority of the deceased animals were healthy before they beached .
Some researchers hypothesise groups strand when their strong social bonds compel them to follow a distressed individual into shallow waters .
`` Whales and dolphins have always been mythical emblems for us , '' said Desray Reeb , a marine biologist at Bureau of Ocean Energy Management ( BOEM ) headquarters in Sterling , Virginia .
`` They 're intelligent , social and mystical , and present an intriguing challenge for us to understand because they 're so like us , and yet so different . ''
BOEM is part of the collaboration .
The team initially focused on Cape Cod - the biggest hot spot in the US - and sifted through nearly two decades of stranding observations by the International Fund for Animal Welfare , or IFAW , alongside both ground- and space-based NASA space weather data .
Just as weather varies on Earth , occasionally bringing thunderstorms and gusty winds , the ever-changing Sun sometimes hurls massive clouds of solar material and magnetic fields into space , called coronal mass ejections , or CMEs .
The effects of these eruptions on near-Earth space are collectively known as space weather .
Coronal mass ejections can spark powerful geomagnetic storms if they slam into Earth 's magnetic field .
The researchers pooled massive data sets to see if disturbances to the magnetic field around Earth could be what confuses these sea creatures , known as cetaceans .
Cetaceans are thought to use Earth 's magnetic field to navigate . Since intense solar storms can disturb the magnetic field , the scientists wanted to determine whether they could , by extension , actually interfere with animals ' internal compasses and lead them astray .
The results of their analysis led them to consider that while space weather is not a primary driver of strandings , it could be one factor among several .
`` We 've learned so far there is no smoking gun indicating space weather is the primary driver , '' Pulkkinen said in a statement released by NASA . `` But there is a sense that geomagnetic conditions may be part of a cocktail of contributing factors . ''
The scientists are now seeking others to join their search for the factors that send ocean mammals off course , in the hopes of perhaps one day predicting strandings before they happen .
BEN Barba has scored a try just a few minutes in , notched another in the second half and laid on a raft of others in a stunning man-of-the-match start to the Super League season with St Helens .
Barba , who joined the Saints last year after an ill-fated stint in French rugby with Toulon , started at fullback in a clash with last year 's grand finalists Castleford and was outstanding in a romping 46-6 win at Langtree Park . Of St Helens ' eight tries , Barba had a hand in seven ( scoring two ) and also made a monster tackle on cocky winger Greg Eden .
WATCH BARBA 'S MASTERCLASS IN THE VIDEOS BELOW !
Camera Icon Ben Barba of St Helens breaks free vs Castleford Tigers . Picture : Getty Images
Camera Icon Ben Barba of St Helens scores the opening try . Picture : Getty Images
Barba , the 2012 Dally M Medallist , began the season rated an 8-1 hope for Super League 's best and fairest award , the Man of Steel . His first-up performance had English fans ( and others ) raving , as he kept the tries flowing in St Helens ' home fixture .
And it was n't just in attack that Barba did the business , with a tackle on Tigers winger Eden midway through the second half also wowing fans . Eden found some space and gave the little fullback a cocky face - only for Barba to smash him into touch .
Then came his second try a minute later , pushing the score to 32-6 .
Barba laid on a hat-trick try for Mark Percival in the 78th minute to ice a thumping win and earn man of the match honours .
Barba 's performance will no doubt make NRL clubs sit up and take notice . The former Bulldogs , Broncos and Sharks player was exiled from the NRL after testing positive to cocaine in the wake of Cronulla 's 2016 grand final win .
Deers cross an open field at the 7th Army Training Command 's Grafenwoehr Training Area , Germany , Feb. 14 , 2017 . The Red Deer population on the Grafenwoehr Training Area is one of the largest in Europe , and the training area is home to 138 distinct types of flora and almost 800 endangered species . ( U.S. Army photo by Visual Information Specialist Matthias Fruth )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.14.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 08:41 Photo ID : 3167056 VIRIN : 170214-A-EO786-015 Resolution : 6112x3416 Size : 12.26 MB Location : GRAFENWOEHR , BY , DE Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Deers cross an open field [ Image 1 of 6 ] , by Matthias Fruth , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Illegal streaming is a constant thorn in the side of copyright bosses who often see their exclusive content made available for free .
While the Kodi service has often been the target of a series of crackdowns , it 's not the only service that 's in the crosshairs .
Bosses have apparently shifted their focus to a paid-for streaming service called SET TV .
This service charges $ 20 ( £14 ) a month for access to 500 live telly channels and `` thousands '' of on demand shows , according to the Express .
However , some of the content available is exclusive Netflix content and Hollywood movies that have n't yet made it out of the cinemas .
( Image : Image Source )
As such , some of the most powerful studios and companies in the US are joining forces to bring about a lawsuit that includes the service .
Amazon , Netflix , Disney , Fox , Universal and Warner Bros are all seeking to stop the illegal access of their content with a lawsuit .
“ Defendants promote the use of Setvnow for overwhelmingly , if not exclusively , infringing purposes , and that is how their customers use Setvnow , ” the lawsuit declares .
How many people watch illegal content ?
According to research commissioned by the Intellectual Property Office , some 7 million Britons are now guilty of online piracy – with 13 % of those using a modified set-top box to stream copyrighted material .
“ The Anthony Joshua fight is just one in numerous high profile sporting events each year , but do n't let your eagerness tune in make you commit a crime , '' said Detective Inspector Nick Court from the City of London 's Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit .
“ By using illegal streaming sites you can open yourself up to several risks ; some set-top boxes do not go through rigorous electrical testing and are therefore at risk of catching fire or giving electric shocks . By using legitimate providers these risks can easily be avoided . Watch it live , watch it legally . ”
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool 'must ' sign Virgil van Dijk to put a stop to 'abject defending ' from set-pieces , says former Reds captain Jamie Redknapp .
Jurgen Klopp 's side conceded three goals to Watford on Saturday , with the first and third coming from corners , reports the Liverpool Echo .
Following the 3-3 draw at Vicarage Road , Redknapp was involved in a heated debate with former teammate Jamie Carragher over how van Dijk would improve the Reds .
And the Sky Sports pundit has reiterated the need for Liverpool to sign the Dutchman .
( Image : Andrew Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
`` Liverpool 's abject defending from set-pieces at Watford shows why they must splash out £60million on Virgil van Dijk , '' he said .
`` There are no leaders in that Liverpool defence . At corners , no one wants to take responsibility and clear the ball .
`` When you mark zonally , as Liverpool do , you need players to attack the ball . At Vicarage Road they were twice punished for standing like statues at corners .
( Image : Reuters )
`` It is no surprise that under Jurgen Klopp , Liverpool have conceded the most from set-plays of the big six sides .
`` You look at Tottenham , who have conceded the fewest , and they have Toby Alderweireld , Jan Vertonghen , Eric Dier and Victor Wanyama — leaders across the team .
( Image : Liverpool FC )
`` Klopp knows there is a glaring weakness in his team . He needs to address it by bringing in Van Dijk . ''
Liverpool have conceded 27 league goals from set-pieces since Jurgen Klopp took charge in October 2015 – more than any other side in the top six .
Klopp remains keen on bringing van Dijk to Anfield but there has been no progress , despite the Southampton defender 's written transfer request last week .
Coach Jason Garrett and the Dallas Cowboys have a lot to talk about going into the second quarter of the season . Rodger Mallison rmallison @ star-telegram.com
© Ints Kalnins / Reuters
With four weeks to go until the start of Russia 's Zapad ( `` West '' ) war games in Belarus , Western media are already reporting alarm bells that the exercise is a cover for an invasion into NATO countries.Meanwhile , on the other side of the world , the United States is mobilizing a giant military force within days off the Korea Peninsula that could very well ignite World War III . Strangely enough , or perhaps not , the Western media report no concern about that much more ominous development.Russia and Belarus claim that the total number of troops involved are around 13,000 . The US and other NATO members counter-claim that the numbers are in the 100,000 order.Russia 's envoy to NATO , Aleksandr Grushko , has submitted an inventory of military forces backing up the Russian number , while the country 's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov said accusations that the war exercises are anything more sinister than simply defensive preparations are `` nonsense '' .Those assurances have n't stopped the Western media from hyping up the forthcoming Zapad drill as a foreboding event . In order to do so , the double think has inevitably gone into overdrive.The New York Times reports : `` Russia 's military drills near NATO border raise fears of aggression '' . It goes on to call the event `` an exercise in intimidation '' carried out by `` an increasingly assertive Russia '' .US Defense Secretary James Mattis has called the forthcoming Russian exercises `` destabilizing '' .What the NY Times fails to explicitly mention is that the Zapad drills are occurring within Russian or Belarusian territory and that the `` NATO border '' has come to exist only because of years of provocative eastward expansion by the US military alliance towards Russia . In contravention of the Russia-NATO Founding Agreement following the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the supposed end of the Cold War.Elsewhere , The Economist reports : `` Russia 's biggest war games in Europe since the Cold War alarms NATO '' . It adds : `` Some fear that Zapad 2017 could be a cover for skullduggery . `` Omitted in all the fear-mongering reportage is that last year NATO actually mounted the biggest war games since the end of the Cold War when it conducted the Anaconda exercises in Poland and the Baltic states . Those drills involved over 30,000 troops and the participation of 24 of the then 27 NATO member states ( NATO has since gained another member with Montenegro joining this year ) .A Guardian report on the Anaconda maneuvers at the time noted , in a rather nonchalant tone , how it was the first time German tanks crossed Poland since the Nazi invasion of Russia in Operation Barbarossa in 1941.Also omitted in general Western media coverage is that as the NATO alliance membership has expanded over the years so too have the number of its war games . Last year , for instance , in addition to the giant Anaconda maneuvers there were several other exercises : Summer Shield , Iron Wolf , Saber Strike and BALTOPS.Other Western media reports claim that the Russian Zapad games are a harbinger of invasion by stealth , pointing to the case of Georgia and the Southern Caucasus . This comparison by the Western media is a betrayal of what psychologists call `` guilt projection '' . For it was the US-backed Georgia which launched a war nine years ago this month on Abkhazia and South Ossetia . The US-backed Operation Clear Field , which the Pentagon had invested $ 2 billion in , proved to be a disaster when Russian forces quickly repelled invading Georgian military.A helpful perspective on how zapped Western media have become is that next week the US will conduct huge military maneuvers on the Korean Peninsula with its South Korean and Japanese allies . Those exercises will involve up to 75,000 troops , as well as nuclear-capable warships , aerial bombers and amphibious forces.Admittedly , the US war games in Korea occur every year . Their scheduling is not unusual . Albeit why such maneuvers have become `` acceptable '' in the West has to do with the normalizing function of the Western media.Nevertheless , the massive mobilization is a continual source of threat perceived by Communist North Korea , which views it as a preparation for invasion . Given that the US never signed a peace treaty with North Korea following the Korean War ( 1950-53 ) , the fears in Pyongyang are reasonable enough.Especially in the light of bellicose statements made in recent days by US President Donald Trump and his Pentagon chief James Mattis , in which they have threatened to destroy North Korea if the latter should continue with missile tests . Trump has warned North Korean leader Kim Jong-un that his country will be met with `` fire and fury the like of which the world has never seen before '' .The region , and the world for that matter , is being placed on a hair-trigger for catastrophic war - a war that most likely would escalate into a nuclear conflagration involving the deaths of millions of people.Yet , the US is bullishly proceeding to conduct its war games in Korea - despite calls by both Russia and China for Washington to freeze the military operations in order to give diplomacy a chance at resolving the crisis.Instead , the Western media are preoccupied with anxieties over Russian military exercises within its own territory and that of a neighboring ally.The brain-dead double think and double standards of Western media show - more than ever - that these news organs have nothing to do with reporting on or analyzing objective reality . For anyone doubting the purpose and function of these information services , they can be clearly seen as nothing other than propaganda ministries . Their function is to conceal , obfuscate , normalize the abnormal , defend the indefensible , justify the unjustifiable.Perhaps the consummate absurdity betraying their propaganda purpose is the way Western media are totally ignoring and normalizing the reckless war maneuvers by the US in South Korea . That provocation could set off World War III with nuclear weapons , yet Western media say little to nothing about this abominable destabilizing danger.No . Such 'news ' media are far too busy fantasizing over a Russian invasion of Europe with troops that are stationed within Russia 's own territory , while being surrounded by NATO forces from more than 20 nations.Zapped indeed !
Canada has joined a chorus of human rights groups and international agencies calling on Russia to investigate reported persecution of members of the LGBTQ2 people in Chechnya .
There are allegations that at least 100 people have been detained in Chechnya and last week the independent Russian newspaper .
President Ramzan Kadyrov says there 's no persecution of gays in Chechnya because no gays live there . Canada and many human rights organizations have a different view . © cbc.ca
Novaya Gazeta reported that at least three gay men had been killed in what the newspaper called “ concentration camps . ”
In a statement released Saturday , Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland called the reports–if confirmed– “ reprehensible . ”
“ Human rights have no borders , ” the statement says . “ Canada believes human rights are universal and indivisible , and these include the human rights of LGBTQ2 people . ”
Freeland 's statement followed a similar call on Friday by the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights , the rights division of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe .
A spokesperson for Ramzan Kadyrov , president of Chechnya , says there is no such thing as gays in the region and a spokeperson for Russian President Vladimir Putin says the Kremlin has no confirmed information that any violence has taken place .
With files from the Government of Canada , CBC News , Reuters
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OLYPHANT , Pa. -- Senior citizens in an apartment building in Lackawanna County have lived without air conditioning for several days . They claim the building 's owners put their health at risk and have been too slow to fix it .
On this day in downtown Olyphant in the late afternoon , temperatures were in the low 90s .
Two blocks away , seniors living at the Lackawanna Heritage Apartments sit outdoors ; it is even hotter inside .
Sarah Moore , 72 , says the air conditioning has been out for more than a month . She worries about her neighbors . Some of them are in their 90s .
`` It 's very dangerous . We 're checking on each other all the time , '' Moore said .
`` It 's very hot , and I 'm a diabetic . And I ca n't do anything . I sleep out on my couch , and it 's very difficult to move around , '' Josephine Ercoli said .
On Tuesday and Wednesday , Newswatch 16 tried to get a comment from the apartment building manager . Both times , no one was in the office .
The apartment building is owned and run by NDC Real Estate Management of Pittsburgh .
Records show the company received $ 245,000 in federal subsidies last year for the apartment building .
Sarah Moore says with that kind of money , the air conditioning should have been fixed .
`` We just want to be able to live and breathe . We 're elderly . ''
A company spokesman said by phone that `` air conditioning coils froze during the winter '' and that `` it took a month for replacements to be made and shipped , '' and `` we are working as quickly as we can to restore air conditioning . ''
Moore says NDC should have bought bottled water and fans to help those coping with the heat . Instead , people bought their own .
`` We 're barely making it with this heat , barely making it , '' said Moore .
Construction crews arrived Wednesday to begin fixing the air conditioning and hope to have it running soon for those here who 've been struggling for several days .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Small businesses created fewer jobs during May , joining larger companies in a slowdown that may be due to a lack of qualified candidates .
Payroll company ADP said Wednesday it counted 38,000 new jobs at its customers with 49 or fewer employees . That 's down from an average of nearly 59,000 in the first four months of this year .
ADP 's tally of new jobs at companies of all sizes fell to 178,000 from a four-month average of nearly 229,000 .
Some companies have said in surveys they want to hire but struggle to find candidates with the right skills . A survey released Wednesday by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and MetLife showed that 32 percent of the 1,002 small business owners questioned between late March and late April expect to hire .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A few weeks ago it was announced that Eddie Nolan 's contract was to be extended after he surpassed the 30-game mark which activated a clause in his deal .
But David Artell had already informed the player he would get an extension regardless – it turns out Nolan had been playing through the pain barrier and there were worries he could have been injured for some time .
From a fans ' point of view it is refreshing to hear that a more experienced professional is keen to remain with the football club and continue his career with us .
As a club , we often seem to be a revolving door for more experienced players .
They stay for a year or so and rarely are their contracts extended .
In the modern era where young players , some at our club , are keen to move on even before they are ready – and end up benched or eventually released by their new club – it is imperative we have the experience and know-how of the likes of Nolan – not just for his presence on the pitch , but also to offer career advice to young , talented players .
For once , despite a poor season overall , we do have a good mix of youth and experience .
Added to Nolan 's vocal assistance on the pitch , something I have n't heard him credited for despite the fact I can hear him up in the gods most games , his commitment is commendable .
He has played through injury and his consistent performances have made a player initially signed as back-up to become the first name on the team sheet , certainly in defence .
At League One and League Two level it is important to build a strong core of players who have the qualities needed to win a promotion .
And off the pitch it is also vital to have players who know the club , can gauge supporters ' opinions , and actually want to be here !
At this point of Eddie 's career , I think its fair to say its unlikely he will be signing for the likes of Manchester City or Chelsea any time soon .
So hopefully he has found a footballing home where next season we will be in a much healthier position .
I 'm genuinely delighted a player , who has had a fair amount of clubs , seems to have found a home .
Here 's hoping there is a strong finish to this season , and a positive 2018-19 , for the player fondly referred to as Steady Eddie .
EFFECTIVE 2018/2019 Academic year , students of the Accra Technical University ( ATU ) offering engineering and science programmes will not take their practical examinations on paper , the Acting Vice Chancellor of the university , Professor Edmund Ameko , has announced .
“ The university would start with the conduct of practical examinations in the laboratories and workshops for engineering and science students for the end of semester examinations .
“ Students would no longer have written examinations for practical courses during the end of semester examinations . They would be examined practically in the laboratories and workshops and we give them the marks based on their abilities , ” Professor Ameko said .
He made this announcement at the 17th graduation ceremony of the ATU in Accra on Friday .
According to him , this new approach was to properly assess the students on their practical competences and forms part of the ATU 's Competency Based Training ( CBT ) programme .
He said as part of initiatives to adequately prepare their students for the job market , in line with the Technical University 's Act , the CBT had proven to be the antidote since those who were tested with it in the final examination , the fashion graduating class , came top as the best graduating group .
Professor Ameko said the ATU was forging stronger ties with industry to offer their students internship opportunities with industries , businesses , professional bodies and technical experts to improve on delivery of all its programmes .
“ This would improve the opportunities for internships , skills development , applied research and community and extension services , ” he noted .
Some of the institutions the ATU had existing relationship with include the Accra Metropolitan Assembly , the Greater Accra Regional Hospital , Enterprise Life Assurance Company Limited , and the University of Maryland amongst other , he said .
Professor Ameko said the Governing Council of the ATU had made provisions in its 2018 budget for the upgrade of its existing facilities to enhance the quality of teaching and learning at the university .
The Board Chairman of the ATU Governing Council , Professor Ralph Kingston Asabre , stressed the need for the ATU to do things differently as it had transited from a polytechnic to a fully fledged university adding that management was reviewing the university 's strategic plan to situate it in line with the new provisions of the conferment of a university status .
He said the institute was understaffed and pleaded with the government to give it clearance to recruit essential staff to supplement the human resource needs of the ATU .
“ As a university , we will not relent in making meaningful contributions to the development of our nation through research studies , ” he said indicating that plans were far advanced for the school to commence post-graduate programmes in order to further add to the knowledge base of the country , ” he stated .
In total , 2870 students , consisting of 157 Bachelors of Technology and 2,713 Higher National Diploma ( HND ) graduated at the colourful ceremony which saw Ms . Happy Tsagli , a fashion student emerging as the overall best student .
BY JULIUS YAO PETETSI
An oil storage tank and crude oil pipeline equipment is seen during a tour by the Department of Energy at the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in Freeport , Texas , U.S. June 9 , 2016 . REUTERS/Richard Carson
NEW YORK Oil prices rose by 1 percent on Thursday , posting a fourth straight day of gains , but analysts remained cautious about record-high U.S. crude inventories .
Brent crude futures LCOc1 settled up 53 cents , or 1 percent , at $ 54.89 a barrel . U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures CLc1 rose 1.1 percent , or 55 cents a barrel , to $ 51.70 .
The gains gave crude its highest close since a March 8 rout when investors bailed out of bullish positions due to concerns about supply .
Crude prices have been rebounding in the last two weeks from that decline . Refinery runs are starting to increase as the U.S. summer driving season approaches and gasoline inventories have been declining .
Yet U.S. government data still show crude inventories at record levels , prompting some analysts to grow concerned about speculators jumping back into the market after several weeks when they reduced positions in response to inventory figures .
`` It 's hard to justify the move on the on back of fundamentals , '' said Robert Yawger , director in energy futures at Mizuho .
On Wednesday , the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) reported a surprising increase of 1.57 million barrels in crude inventories , bringing total U.S. stocks to a record 535.5 million barrels C-STK-T-EIA .
U.S. oil production rose by 52,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) to 9.2 million bpd C-OUT-T-EIA .
`` The U.S. crude oil production profile is a mirror image of where it was last year , when at the end of the second quarter , production was 600,000 bpd lower than at the start of the year and this year is going to be the opposite , '' said Olivier Jakob , at consultancy Petromatrix .
`` By the end of the second quarter , you could have U.S. production up by 1 million bpd . ''
Traders have been watching U.S. gasoline inventories as an indicator of what may happen with crude supplies . The latest data showed gasoline supplies at 239 million barrels , higher than any year at this point during this century other than last year .
Gasoline prices trailed the rest of the market on Thursday , with RBOB futures rising 0.8 percent to $ 1.7292 a gallon . Demand for gasoline traditionally picks up in the summer as the U.S. driving season gets going .
U.S. crude exports have risen to a record 1.1 million bpd . Most cargoes are going to Asia , where traders see signs of a tightening market due to efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to cut output .
Additional production could come back online in coming days , with the 350,000-bpd Syncrude oil sands project in Alberta , which cut production to zero after a fire , expected to restart operations in the first week of May , according to sources familiar with the matter .
( Additional reporting by Amanda Cooper in London and Henning Gloystein in Singapore ; Editing by Richard Chang and Meredith Mazzilli )
Rome , July 3 - Juventus is closest to signing Cristiano Ronaldo from Real Madrid , Spanish soccer daily Marca said Tuesday . `` Juve is the club that is in pole position for signing Cristiano Ronaldo , '' said the daily , which prides itself on the accuracy of its Real reporting . The Turin giants are ready to offer CR7 , 34 , a signing on fee of 120 million euros until 2022 , Marca said . The contract would pay the superstar 30 million euros a year , it said . Portuguese daily A Bola also carried the story .
New experiments described in The Journal of Neuroscience support distinct roles for two brain pathways in processing information related to an object , with one carrying a largely invariant representation of an object and the other a flexible one depending on what we do with an object .
Visual information is thought to be processed in two different routes in the brain : A ventral pathway carries information about `` what '' an object is while a dorsal pathway represents `` where '' an object is in space . Recent studies have challenged this distinction by demonstrating robust object `` what '' information in the dorsal pathway . These leaves open the questions of how object processing differs between the two pathways and whether a two-pathway distinction is still valid .
Maryam Vaziri-Pashkam and Yaoda Xu addressed these questions by having seven healthy adults focus on the color or shape in photographs of common objects spanning eight categories including faces , cats and chairs . Participants pressed a button when either the same object or same color appeared back to back . The authors found that the dorsal pathway sees objects according to what they are and what we do with them , grouping objects in the same task setting together . The ventral pathway , on the other hand , sees objects as they always are regardless of the task . This distinction captures two seemingly conflicting aspects of visual information processing : To truthfully represent an object and at the same time represent that information flexibly according to goals and desires . The finding helps to clarify the roles of each pathway in visual processing .
# # #
Article : Goal-directed visual processing differentially impacts human ventral and dorsal visual representations
DOI : https : / / doi . org/ 10 . 1523/ JNEUROSCI . 3392-16 . 2017
Corresponding author : Maryam Vaziri-Pashkam ( Harvard University , Cambridge , MA , USA ) , mvaziri @ fas.harvard.edu
About JNeurosci
The Journal of Neuroscience ( JNeurosci ) is the flagship journal of the Society for Neuroscience . JNeurosci publishes papers on a broad range of topics in neuroscience in a print edition each Wednesday and recently began publishing early-release PDFs of studies online shortly after acceptance .
About The Society for Neuroscience
The Society for Neuroscience is the world 's largest organization of scientists and physicians devoted to understanding the brain and nervous system . The nonprofit organization , founded in 1969 , now has nearly 37,000 members in more than 90 countries and over 130 chapters worldwide .
Nine years after the News4 I-Team first exposed how his company was deceiving the sick and uninsured , the CEO of United Benefits of America will spend five and half years in prison and pay $ 2.5 million in penalties .
Scroll for more content ...
In court , Timothy Thomas , 55 , apologized to his customers and to his ex-wife Keenan Dozier Thomas , who was sentenced last week for defying a court order in the case .
The prison term and hefty fine end what was once a lavish lifestyle , created in part by selling what was purported to be health insurance but in reality was nearly-worthless discount cards .
Thomas once lived in a large house in the prestigious Governor 's Club neighborhood , owned a yacht and partied around the world , all while the prosecutor said he was making substantial money off his company .
In 2009 , the News4 I-Team sent in our hidden camera into the company , exposing how the employees were being taught to lie to customers , many of whom were uninsured and had serious illnesses , into buying what they thought was health insurance .
At his sentencing , prosecutors said Thomas had direct knowledge of how customers were being deceived and encouraged his staff to go make him money .
In court , with Thomas watching , prosecutors showed one of the I-Team first investigations , where former employees spoke of their guilt .
Those employees then turned to the News4 I-Team to help expose it .
`` It 's often the case that members of the public become aware of a crime , and the first people that they turn to are investigative reporters , '' said Cecil VanDevender , Assistant U.S. Attorney .
Thomas will report to prison in three months due to treatment for rectal cancer .
The judge noted that unlike his victims , Thomas has full-coverage insurance .
Thomas was also ordered to forfeit $ 1.5 million dollars and to pay more than $ 2.5 million in restitution to the victims of the fraud scheme .
In March 2018 , Timothy Thomas pleaded guilty to committing mail fraud . He was initially indicted in October 2014 for fraudulently marketing limited benefit health plans as major medical health insurance to consumers . Thomas also pleaded guilty to criminal contempt , charges that resulted from a lawsuit filed by the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) and the State of Tennessee in August 2010 , wherein a federal judge in the Middle District of Tennessee issued an order freezing Thomas 's assets and placing his company into receivership . Immediately after being informed of the court 's order , Thomas violated it by withdrawing more than $ 100,000 from a brokerage account and convincing a friend to deposit checks totaling $ 528,647 , constituting proceeds of the scheme , into the friend 's bank account .
Thomas 's 66-month sentence consists of 36 months for mail fraud , to be followed by 30 months for criminal contempt .
Once a bustling city corridor , H Street NE fell victim to urban decay following suburbanization and the city 's 1968 riots . But its lost vibrancy is being restored .
This aerial photo shows fire-gutted buildings , some still smoldering , along a block on H Street between 12th and 13th Streets in the northeast section of Washington , D.C. on April 5 , 1968 . Rioting broke out after the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , in Memphis , Tenn. on April 4 . ( AP Photo )
WASHINGTON — Standing next to a colorful poolside cabana on the roof deck at H Street NE 's newest apartment building , The Apollo , one has views of a vegan diner to the right , a Starbucks to the left , and a sustainable chicken restaurant straight ahead .
Below is marble-countered coffee shop and a shiny new Whole Foods Market .
But 40 years ago , that view was much different .
“ It got to a point where you did n't walk through H Street , you ran through H Street , ” said Anwar Saleem , executive director of the nonprofit H Street Main Street .
Once a bustling city corridor — “ probably the second-most vibrant district in the city when it comes to income , ” Saleem said — H Street fell victim to urban decay following suburbanization and the 1968 riots that took place after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr .
“ It was redlined by banks ; it was basically a forgotten area , ” Saleem said .
That is until H Street Main Street and the city , along with hundreds of community members , teamed up in 2002 to breathe new life into the neighborhood 's cracked sidewalks , boarded-up buildings and shuttered art spaces .
Now , H Street 's lost vibrancy is being restored .
The revitalization of H Street did not happen overnight .
Growth has been gradual — first with a wave of businesses catering to night life . But Washingtonians are no longer hopping back over the Hopscotch Bridge once they close out their bar tabs . A new influx of residences and daytime businesses are giving them a reason to stay .
Maury Stern , a partner at Insight Property Group , which owns The Apollo , sees the redevelopment of the 600 block of H Street — formerly home to the historic Apollo Theater and a self-storage business — as a turning point for the neighborhood .
“ This block , before we redeveloped it , was really a problem on H Street , ” said Stern , who added that blocks to the east and west were seeing activity , but the middle stayed mostly neglected .
“ Everything in between has sort of taken a little bit longer . ”
Now that The Apollo and its surrounding buildings are near completion , Stern hopes people not only come to the 600 block , but stay on the block , visiting its array of retailers , including Whole Foods , The Wydown , Solid State Books and a dining concept from the owners of Philadelphia 's acclaimed Vedge .
“ You could work within the building , you could shop at Whole Foods , you could eat dinner or lunch at [ Vedge ] , spend time hanging out in the bookshop , ” Stern said .
H Street Main Street 's Saleem says the neighborhood 's reactivation has attracted more than 300 businesses and created more than 3,600 jobs . But restaurants and retail are n't the strip 's only appeal .
For the past 12 years , H Street has been home to a fall festival that 's grown from 500 participants to more than 150,000 . And in 2016 , a 2.2-mile streetcar system opened on H Street , connecting riders from Union Station to Benning Road .
“ If you really put the residents and the businesses together , and you work together , it just shows that you can really bring back any neighborhood in this country . And H Street 's a good example of that , ” Saleem said .
H Street is by no means done growing .
A new retail and residential center replacing the former H Street Connection shopping center between 8th and 10th streets NE is scheduled to open in 2019 , The Washington Business Journal reports . Urban Turf details more than 10 other developments planned for the area .
However , next on Saleem 's list of projects is a focus on stretching H Street 's business boom to nearby Bladensburg and Benning roads “ to really create a community where you can walk . ”
“ We want to be walkable , we want to be livable , we want to be enjoyable , ” he said .
Redeveloping Hechinger Mall — a strip mall that connects all three thoroughfares — would be a “ game-changer , ” Saleem added .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
INDIANAPOLIS -- If you owned one of the original Playstation 3 “ phat ” consoles that were released back in 2006 , you may be owed some money .
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the “ phat ” PS3 had the ability to install an alternative operating system but when the smaller “ slim ” model was released , the operating system functionality was removed because of security concerns .
Those changes resulted in a class action lawsuit which dragged on until a settlement was reached in 2016 allowing PS3 owners to claim $ 65 – but time 's almost up .
Anyone who owns a “ phat ” PS3 still has until April 15 to submit the claim form .
To file a claim , a person must have purchased their PS3 from an “ authorized retailer ” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number . The offer is only good for 20GB , 40GB , 60GB and 80GB models .
To submit your claim click here .
Villanova 's Mary Gedaka ( 30 ) moves around Notre Dame 's Jessica Shepard ( 23 ) during a second-round game in the NCAA women 's college basketball tournament .
SOUTH BEND , Ind . — For one half Sunday night , the Villanova women seemed on the way to writing their own chapter of the wild outcomes in the two NCAA tournaments .
But ultimately top-seeded Notre Dame exerted its athletic superiority and delivered a Rudy moment after a 45-45 tie at the break to ignite the Irish and crowd of 4,249 fans in Purcell Pavilion to roll to a 98-72 victory and another appearance in the Sweet 16 .
This one will come Saturday in the Spokane Region in Washington against fourth-seeded Texas A & M .
Villanova ( 23-9 ) goes home after many achievements , and the Wildcats look to be even better next season .
“ We executed our offense , we got the shots we wanted , we got a lot of three-point shots [ 10 ] , which we needed in the first half , ” said Villanova coach Harry Perretta , who completed his 40th season on the Main Line .
“ Defensively , I knew it was going to be tough to stop them from scoring inside . We did n't have any answer for any of that , but the three-point shot in the first half equalized that . ”
The game turned to high drama in these parts when Kathryn Westbeld entered the lineup and the arena filled with the roar of the crowd . The senior forward is much more than
Rudy , the football walk-on who came into the his last game at garbage time , as depicted in the movie .
Westbeld had rolled her ankle early in Friday 's win over Cal State-Northridge , adding another aggravation to Notre Dame coach Muffet McGraw , the Saint Joseph 's graduate , who had to deal with four season-ending injuries while keeping her Irish ( 31-3 ) high profile .
Westbeld has been important to Notre Dame 's success , but was held out as a starter against the Wildcats . But with the trainer 's go-ahead and wanting to play her last game here ,
the Ohio native took the floor until the game wound down to its final moments .
“ I do n't think it was just her , ” Perretta said of being a game-changer . “ It was the whole team . ”
Jannah Tucker , a transfer from Tennessee , led Villanova with 19 points . Kelly Jekot scored 16 , and Adrianna Hahn scored 11 .
Villanova was outrebounded , 48-19 .
Jessica Shepard , a transfer from Nebraska who has helped rescue the Irish from their collection of injuries , had 25 points and 10 rebounds . Jackie Young and Arike Ogunbowale scored 24 apiece , and Marina Marbrey scored 15 .
“ We defended a lot better the second half , ” McGraw said . “ Certainly , having Kathryn Westbeld available — the trainer told me before the game that she thought she might be able to play the second half . And certainly we were very excited she was able to get back in the game and change the course . I think , with her on the floor , we 're just a very different team . ”
Villanova had seen many different styles on its schedule in the Big East , the Big Five , and in nonconference , but Tucker said the Irish were superior to other opponents .
“ They 're a lot bigger , ” Tucker said . “ They 're a lot more experienced . They play hard the whole 40 minutes . You could tell they have that grit the whole 40 minutes . They 've been in close games more at a higher level than we have . ”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
EMBED > More News Videos High profile men facing accusations of sexual misconduct
Celebrity chef Mario Batali has stepped away from his restaurant businesses and his duties as co-host of ABC 's `` The Chew '' amid allegations of sexual misconduct . Eater.com reports that four women have accused Batali of sexual misconduct going back to the 1990s . The accusations include groping and inappropriate touching . At least three of the women have worked for Batali in some capacity.Batali issued the following statement , apologizing for the alleged behavior that he says matches up with how he has acted.ABC has asked the popular chef to step down from `` The Chew '' while the allegations are under review . `` We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention , '' according to an ABC statement . `` ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment . While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct . '' Variety reports the Food Network has also put on hold plans to relaunch the series , `` Molto Mario . ''
Varese , December 11 - Another 18 suspicious deaths in the ER at Saronno near Varese are being examined by consultants , police said Monday . Some 14 people are under investigation in the probe , which has looked at dozens of deaths in the northern Italian hospital near Milan . A nurse told investigators in a multiple suspicious deaths case in Saronno city hospital that murder suspect Leonardo Cazzaniga openly bragged about being `` the angel of death '' . `` I heard Cazzaniga talking about his 'protocol ' , '' the witness said . `` I heard him exclaim things like : I 'm applying my protocol to this patient '' . Two other nurses confirmed to investigators that Cazzaniga 's `` protocol '' consisted in administering sedatives and anesthetics to finish off patients with low life expectancy .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Arizona 1
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Buffalo at St. Louis , 7 p.m .
Minnesota at San Jose , 9 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father 's Day destination this weekend .
For almost 40 years , audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker , cinema 's most famous father and son duo .
Now comes STAR WARS Identities , a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way .
Developed and produced by Montreal 's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd. , the exhibition - at London 's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars .
The stunning collection of some 200 props , models , costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films , an interactive identity quest , and insightful scientific content , will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker .
TICKETS : For full details , schedule and ticket information , visit , www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com .
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are , and at the same time explore their own identity with one question : What forces shape you ?
“ This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars , ” says Jacques-André Dupont , President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions .
“ We get a deeper understanding of their identities , and , at the same time , we get a deeper understanding of our own .
The collection , the interactive components , and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors . It 's a character-driven adventure into identity . ”
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors , exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes : the origins of the characters , the influences that shape them , and the choices they make during their life . Within these three themes , ten components of human identity are explored : species , genes , parents , and culture in Origins ; mentors , friends , and marking events in Influences ; and occupation , personality , and values in the final zone , Choices .
These components form the backbone of the exhibition , exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction . Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity ; simultaneously , “ making-of ” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters , explaining how they became who they are , and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether .
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props , models , costumes , and artwork from the original Star Wars films . This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon , drawing from the classic ( 1977-1983 ) and prequel ( 1999-2005 ) trilogies , the animated series The Clone Wars , as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars : The Force Awakens . Fan favourites like Darth Vader , R2-D2 , Chewbacca , Boba Fett , Yoda , and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations .
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit .
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content , this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements . Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition 's central theme .
In order to develop the exhibition 's scientific content , X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields , including genetics , neuropsychology , health sciences , and psychology . Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition 's structure , and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences .
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades , but it is in the public 's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world . The films continue to resonate today because of their universality : we identify with the characters of Star Wars , and we recognise ourselves in their journeys .
TICKETS : For full details , schedule and ticket information , visit , www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com .
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities : The Exhibition : Photos : Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
ROCK TAVERN , N.Y. ( AP ) — Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast , buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood .
Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry , about 50 miles north of New York City , began work in late September on the awards to be handed out Feb. 26 . Each of the 60 Oscars shipped from the hangar-like production floor is 13½ inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish . Each glossy black base lacks only a winner 's nameplate , which is added after the ceremony .
Polich Tallix , which began making the awards last year , tweaked the look of the stylized knight with an eye toward the original statuettes handed out in 1929 . The path of these new statues from a small town in upstate New York to center stage in Hollywood might not be the stuff of movies .
But it 's worth a close-up .
Advertisement
___
CASTING CALL
Every Oscar starts with a version made of wax , which is repeatedly dipped into a cream-colored ceramic slurry . The ceramic hardens and the wax is melted out to make way for molten bronze . What 's left once the ceramic mold is chipped away is a sort of rough-hewn version of the elegant icon .
John Menzie and other workers make sure every surface detail — from Oscar 's hairline to the film reel it stands on — is hand-sanded and polished to a fine finish .
Menzie said it 's a kick to see the pieces you worked on for hours handed out on TV , like he did last year while watching the Academy Awards .
“ When Leonardo DiCaprio gave his speech and he was holding his Oscar I was just thinking … I might have worked on that one , ” Menzie said . “ I wish in his acceptance speech , he would have said the serial number that was on the back , you know ? So I could say , “ That 's the one I worked on ! ' ”
___
BEST VISUAL EFFECTS
When Polich Tallix took over production from a Chicago company , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences asked the foundry to create a statue truer to the original . Foundry artist Daniel Plonski made 3-D scans of an early statue and a recent statue , and took desired qualities from each for the newest iteration . Oscar 's restoration was subtle ; his stylized facial features are more defined , there 's a greater hint of his ears and a hair part , and his sword rests in sharper relief between his legs .
“ The trick was not to make it too shockingly different , ” Plonski said .
The most substantial difference is one people do n't see . The statue is once again cast in bronze , instead of a pewter-like alloy .
___
AND THE AWARD GOES TO .
The statues are shipped to Brooklyn for 24-karat-gold electroplating at Epner Technology , which also is in its second year of Oscar making .
President David Epner said that before his company became involved in Oscar production , actor F. Murray Abraham and a couple of other award winners had asked him to plate gold finishes that were wearing off . He vows that wo n't happen under his process , which includes copper plating and nickel plating each statue before gold plating .
“ The gold is guaranteed — not for the life of the recipient , but for the life of the statue , ” Epner said
Polich Tallix has one more task after the nominees are announced : making a nameplate for each possible winner . The award winners are handed an Oscar on stage with no nameplate on it . Winners can later take their statue to a table backstage to get their nameplate affixed .
The unused plates are destroyed .
U.S. Army Paratroopers assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade , 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion and Italian Army soldiers from the 8 Reggimento Genio Guastatori Brigata Paracadutisti Folgore assemble a Medium Girder Bridge near Rovigo , Italy , Feb. 13 , 2017 . The MGB is a deck type , two girder bridge system , providing a 4 meter ( 13ft 2in ) wide roadway that can be expeditiously assembled with minimal support . The 173rd Airborne Brigade , based in Vicenza , Italy , is the U.S. Army Contingency Response Force in Europe , capable of projecting forces to conduct the full range of military operations across the United States European , Central and Africa Commands areas of responsibility .
photo by graigg faggionato
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.13.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 05:08 Photo ID : 3166676 VIRIN : 170213-A-KP807-030 Resolution : 2500x1668 Size : 577.45 KB Location : IT Web Views : 2 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Medium Girder Bridge , 173rd Airborne Brigade,54th Brigade Engineer Battalion , Rovigo 2017 [ Image 1 of 11 ] , by Graigg Faggionato , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — They 're homeless , but a group of men and women from Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall .
The storied New York City concert hall is the venue Wednesday evening for a performance by the Dallas Street Choir , all singers recruited from urban streets and homeless shelters that have been performing since 2015 .
About 20 members of the choir were to be joined by 17 residents of a Manhattan homeless shelter .
Concert proceeds benefit homeless services charities .
Advertisement
Dallas Street Choir conductor Jonathan Palant has also brought in some world-class musical luminaries for the performance . They include mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade , soprano Harolyn Blackwell and composers Jake Heggie and Stephen Schwartz .
Carnegie Hall archivist Gino Francesconi says it is the first time the hall has featured a musical ensemble of homeless performers .
Stephen Colbert kicked off Tuesday night 's Late Show monologue with the big news of the day , the record-short tenure of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn . `` He resigned last night — not because of a scandal , '' Colbert deadpanned . `` He just wanted to spend more time with his Russian contacts . '' It was Flynn 's multiple phone calls with Russia 's ambassador to Washington , in which he discussed just-implemented sanctions , that led to his early departure . `` Now at first , Flynn denied all of this , '' Colbert said . `` But he got caught because , it turns out , we listen in on every phone call to the Russian ambassador . Who knew ? Evidently , not the national security adviser , you dummy . '' He paused . `` It 's funny 'cause it 's treason . ''
President Trump was warned weeks ago that Flynn was being less than truthful and might be open to Russian blackmail , by acting Attorney General Sally Yates , Colbert noted . `` Trump did nothing about it , but then again , the president , he 's very busy — attacking Nordstrom , Arnold Schwarzenegger 's ratings , and then firing Sally Yates . '' But now Flynn is gone . `` Of course , this is a major betrayal of trust , and Donald Trump immediately condemned both Flynn and the Russians , '' Colbert said , adding after a short pause : `` I 'm just kidding . '' Trump said the real story is about the leaks . Colbert wrapped up by noting that Trump 's reputed pick for ambassador to Austria is a Sound of Music fanatic and making an off-color Stephen Bannon joke .
Ontario Provincial Police officers have charged a truck driver after the vehicle he was driving crashed through a barrier and fell to the bottom of an embankment early Wednesday morning .
Police said the tractor-trailer was eastbound on Forest Lea Road , halfway between Pembroke and Petawawa , when it left the roadway . The vehicle , which was transporting paint , sustained heavy damages . It also lost much of its load , leaking paint all over the area where it came to a rest .
The driver of the transport was taken to hospital with minor injuries . He has been identified by police as 40-year-old Tim Alexander of Dollard-des-Ormeaux , Quebec . Police have charged him with careless driving as a result of the crash .
24yom mtn biker struck & killed by lightening strike E. Fork Trail near Telluride . Deputies , EMS , SAR , attempted life saving efforts . More . pic.twitter.com/CB4jonSfri
— San Miguel Sheriff ( @ SheriffAlert ) August 13 , 2017
A 24-year-old man died Sunday while mountain biking near Telluride.A tweet from the San Miguel County Sheriff indicates the man suffered fatal injuries due to a lightning strike.The rider was with his girlfriend in the Lizard Head Wilderness , according to a news release from the sheriff 's office.An off-duty Telluride EMT was 100 yards away , also taking cover from the late-morning storm , when the man 's girlfriend ran to them and pleaded for help.The EMT started CPR . Other bystanders in the area also joined in and rescue personnel responded.Eventually , all attempts to resuscitate the victim were unsuccessful.His girlfriend was also injured by the strike . She was taken to the hospital.The San Miguel County Coroner has identified the victim as John Daniel Huisjen of Durango . `` This is a horrible tragedy , '' San Miguel County Sheriff Bill Masters stated in the release . `` Our thoughts are with his family . `` The Lizardhead Wilderness area is about 17 miles south of Telluride .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An emu named 'Farage ' fled from a home and along a snow covered street before it was caught in a headlock inside a village churchyard .
The bird was spotted yesterday running through the streets in Tollesbury , Essex , before being cornered by three men near gravestones at the village church .
The emu was eventually taken home after it was grabbed by one of the men in a headlock .
Matthew Devonport said he was `` flabbergasted '' when he saw the chase unfold in the churchyard , Essex Live reports .
Matthew said : `` I was going up to the recreation ground with my son George and his two friends Sid and Fred Payne . We came up to the churchyard and there was an emu there running through the gravestones .
`` It was being chased round the churchyard , the other side of the church is where it lives .
`` Around three men cornered it and kind of shooed it to the other side where it lives . ''
The emu lives with its owner on the other side of Tollesbury Church - and appeared to make its escape to play in the snow .
Matthew continued : `` Some kind of argument broke out about how it managed to get out . An older lady was there who was the owner .
`` One of the men managed to get it in a head lock by its neck and he was taken back home .
`` It left a trail of feathers all around the churchyard
`` The lady was very grateful and shook the men 's hands .
`` I was absolutely flabbergasted ! Nothing like this ever happens in Tollesbury ''
The bird was safely delivered back home .
Remember Amal Clooney 's 2014 nuptials ? Of course you do : the human rights lawyer glided down the aisle in an off-the-shoulder princess-worthy lace Oscar de la Renta dress to meet her Hollywood prince , Oscar-winning actor George Clooney .
Honestly , if we had to choose between a lifetime spent with George Clooney or an evening in that incredible gown ( which happens to be the last wedding dress de la Renta designed before his death in October of the same year ) , it would be quite the toss-up .
Well , that very dress now has a new purpose—do n't worry , it 's not being used as a blanket for the twins or a modern tapestry in one of the Clooneys ' many homes . As of Oct. 8 , the gown will be on display in Houston 's Museum of Fine Arts in a retrospective titled The Glamour and Romance of Oscar de la Renta , which will feature nearly 70 of de la Renta 's designs , including loans from Beyoncé and Annette de la Renta , the late designer 's widow .
The exhibition 's curator André Leon Talley explained that they 've been eager to feature Amal 's dress for some time , but were only recently given permission to do so .
RELATED : Go Inside George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin 's Wedding with 11 Never-Before-Seen Photos
“ It 's on loan from Mrs. Clooney , but we have been very anxious to have that dress for so long , ” Talley told WWD . “ We wanted it [ for an earlier exhibition in San Francisco ] , but Mrs. Clooney reached me through her assistant to say that she felt it was too early to have her dress in an exhibit after she married [ George Clooney ] . ”
If you find yourself in Houston between Oct. 8 and Jan. 28 , 2018 , the iconic gown is certainly worth a visit .
Perth and Adelaide reignited a fierce rivalry with a brawl to close the game . Video : Twitter / NBL
Perth and Adelaide reignited a fierce rivalry with a brawl to close the game . Video : Twitter / NBL
Perth Wildcats and Adelaide 36ers brawl late in heated NBL clash The West Australian
Adelaide 36ers coach Joey Wright has warned that “ somebody 's going to get hurt ” in Sunday 's re-match against the Perth Wildcats if his team does n't improve .
The Wildcats beat Adelaide 111-90 but an explosive finish has set the scene for an extraordinary re-match in South Australia .
The game erupted when Brendan Teys heavily fouled Perth debutant Lochlan Cummings with less than one second to play . Dexter Kernich-Drew quickly flattened Teys , sparking an all-in brawl .
Kernich-Drew , Teys , Lucas Walker and Shannon Shorter were ejected while Bryce Cotton and Jean-Pierre Tokoto had to be restrained on the bench .
Shorter then left the arena through Perth 's huddle , prompting further aggravation .
The final quarter had already included three unsportsmanlike fouls as tensions soared .
Players from both sides become involved in the melee . Picture : Getty Images
“ I knew it was going to come to that , ” Wright said .
“ If we do n't do a better job of protecting the obvious things , it 's going to be like that every game and somebody 's going to get hurt . ”
Wildcats coach Trevor Gleeson believed the brawl would n't be reviewed by the NBL 's Game Review Panel until Monday , leaving the door open for fireworks on Sunday .
But he urged his players to remain calm and focus on retaining second spot on the ladder .
“ There were niggles in there all the way through . We 've got to be a little bit smarter out there as well , ” he said .
“ I 'm happy that Dexter stood up for his teammate , but there are other ways to skin a cat . Reacting straight away is not the way . It 's getting down , playing some defence , getting lock down stops and hurting them on the scoreboard . ”
Jarrod Kenny tosses a pinpoint full-court pass for the Derek Cooke Jr slam . Video : Twitter / NBL The West Australian Jarrod Kenny tosses a pinpoint full-court pass for the Derek Cooke Jr slam . Video : Twitter / NBL
On an amazing night , Adelaide set a record for the highest first quarter score by a visiting team to Perth Arena with 36 points . By half-time , the 36ers led 61-60 and it was the first time since the NBL switched to 40 minute games that two teams had reached 60 points in a half .
Then the Wildcats shut down Adelaide 's offence , continued to score freely and finished with their second highest score at Perth Arena .
Jesse Wagstaff won the Paul Rogers Medal with 25 points , Cotton also scored 25 points while Derek Cooke electrified the crowd with a string of athletic feats .
It has been a remarkable first campaign in Liverpool red for Salah - but he would swap every single one of these records for a Champions League triumph .
For the Egyptian winger , all the accolades and all the awards will mean nothing if his Reds end the season without a trophy .
“ To win the Champions League is huge for everyone . I do n't care about the rest , ” he explained .
Salah — who must face previous club Roma in the semi-finals — was almost lost for words as he tried to describe exactly what lifting Europe 's premier trophy would mean .
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : Getty )
( Image : PA Wire )
In the end , he resorted to making a series of noises !
“ To win the Champions League is ‘ whissssshhhh ' , ” he said with a longing sigh . “ I ca n't say , just ‘ woahhh ' , ” he tried again , gesturing towards the sky .
Salah is leading the race for the Premier League Golden Boot . Equally stunning , is the fact he is ahead of the likes of Messi and Ronaldo in the race to win the Golden Shoe in Europe 's biggest leagues .
( Image : PA Wire )
Yet asked if he thought more about winning those goal-scoring awards , or indeed the Premier League Player of the Year , his response was emphatic .
ROBBIE FOWLER COLUMN : Shining for Liverpool and a national treasure in Egypt , Salah must be on Ballon d'Or shortlist
“ I have no doubt the Champions League . '' said Salah . `` If you had a choice between the Champions League and ( honours like the Golden Boot ) then of course the Champions League . ”
New Delhi : Tech giant Google will reportely launch the third generation of its Pixel smartphones - Pixel 3 and the Pixel 3 XL in October this year .
Continuing with the latest trends , Google will reportedly have a notch at the top of display at the Pixel 3 XL , media reports said .
Google had launched the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL in October last year .
It may be noted that Google recently removed the original first-generation Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones from its Google Store .
Pixel was the first smartphone with Google Assistant -- a built-in AI programme that works as an intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator like Apple 's `` Siri '' .
Pixel came pre-installed with Google Duo video calling app and messaging app Allo .
Pixel smartphones were fitted with Qualcomm 's latest Snapdragon 821 Quad core ( 2x2.15 Ghz and 2x1.6 Ghz ) processors and 4GB RAM .
Google shipped 3.9 million Pixel and Pixel 2 devices in 2017 which is nearly double the units it sold in 2016 .
India was among the first six countries where Pixel was launched in October 2016 , starting at Rs 57,000 . Google launched its flagship Pixel 2 smartphone in India in November 2017 at a starting price of Rs 61,000 for the 64GB variant .
With IANS Inputs
Construction crews will not alternate traffic at the Route 35 bridge site this week , the state Department of Transportation reports .
Ryan Wodjenski of the state Department of Transportation said that there would be only “ minor impacts ” to traffic during the week of Monday , Oct. 9 , through Friday Oct. 13 .
Traffic woes are not over yet however : the department has also scheduled a closure of a portion of Route 7 for the weekend , beginning around 8 p.m. Friday , and ending sometime around 6 a.m. on Monday , Oct. 16 .
Previous Route 7 closures diverted all Route 7 's traffic through downtown Ridgefield along Route 102 and 35 , sending thousands of cars through town .
A full third of Republicans disapprove of President Trump 's performance in office , a poll released Friday by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found . Sixty-seven percent of Republicans still approve of Trump 's performance , though that is a marked decrease from when the poll was taken in March , when 80 percent of Republicans supported the president 's performance .
Predictably , Trump 's approval rating among other demographics was even lower : Just 28 percent of independents and 5 percent of Democrats said they approved of his work in office . Overall , just 32 percent of Americans approved of Trump 's efforts , while 67 percent disapproved . Legislators fared even worse , however , as just 18 percent of Americans approved of Congress ' efforts .
Overall , just 24 percent of Americans feel the country is heading `` in the right direction '' under Trump , the poll found — a 10-percent decrease since the poll was last taken in June . In March , the poll found 37 percent of people felt the country was progressing positively .
The poll surveyed 1,150 adults nationwide online and over the phone from Sept. 28-Oct. 2 . It has a margin of error of 4.1 percentage points . Read the full topline results here . Kimberly Alters
A Scottish man has been charged with purposely infecting four men with HIV and trying to pass the virus to six more from October 2015 to December 2016 . Creative Commons
British police are now investigating six claims of alleged sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey .
FILE - In this file photo dated Tuesday , June 21 , 2016 , actor Kevin Spacey waves as he arrives to attend the Giorgio Armani men 's Spring-Summer 2016-2017 fashion show in Milan , Italy . . ( AP Photo/Luca Bruno , FILE )
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey , three more than previously disclosed .
British media reported earlier this year that London 's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former “ House of Cards ” star .
Police in Britain do n't name suspects until they are charged . Asked about Spacey , the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London 's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013 .
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made .
Spacey was artistic director of London 's Old Vic theatre for 11 years until 2015 .
Related : London theatre received allegations against Kevin Spacey
Related : ‘ House of Cards ' to resume minus star Kevin Spacey
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Headlines : PM Modi to begin election campaigning for BJP in Karnataka from May 1
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will begin election campaigning for BJP in Karnataka from May 1 . Watch to know more .
DETROIT ( AP ) — Authorities temporarily closed a stretch of one Detroit freeway to search for shell casings or other evidence in the apparently random shootings of four vehicles last week .
State police Lt. Michael Shaw says Monday likely would be the final day for such a search because snow is expected and snowplows will be clearing the pavement .
About two miles of westbound Interstate 94 on Detroit 's east side was closed late Monday morning . Due to the weather , state police decided not to shut down a stretch of Interstate 96 where two of the shootings occurred .
Authorities have said they believe Thursday 's shootings are linked . A motorist on I-94 was shot in the leg . No one was hurt in the other three vehicles that were shot .
Advertisement
Police say they 're looking for a silver or gray sedan .
Staff and directors of Tri-Basin Natural Resources District ( TBNRD ) will explore options to enable producers in the district to submit annual water use reports and nitrogen management reports electronically . At their February board meeting , TBNRD directors discussed a system for submitting annual reporting by email . Some directors , however , expressed a desire to explore options for data to be submitted completely electronically .
“ If we are going to go electronic , I want to explore all options , ” said TBRND director Todd Garrelts . Tri-Basin directors asked staff to put together options for electronic form filing for review .
District directors also discussed offering landowners the option of Tri-Basin NRD staff reading irrigation flowmeters in areas outside of the district 's Phase 3 area for a per-well charge .
“ Our rules require that in Phase 3 of our Groundwater Quantity Management Area , our staff reads irrigation flowmeters each fall , ” explained TBNRD Manager John Thorburn . “ Outside of that area , it is the responsibility of the landowner to report required readings from irrigation flowmeters. ” The Planning Sub-Committee will discuss options for offering a fee-based flowmeter reading service and will make a recommendation to the TBNRD board at a later meeting .
Tri-Basin NRD 's board also :
Voted to extend the suspension of cost-share applications for soil and water conservation practices through June 30 , 2018 . Applications for flowmeter and soil moisture sensor cost-share funding will still be accepted .
Approved three certified irrigated acre transfer applications .
Approved three well decommissioning cost-share applications and seven applications for Tri-Basin NRD and NSCWP flowmeter cost-share funds .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's easy to assume that the rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge Universities - and the Boat Race itself - are the result of academic competition between the two old instuitutions .
But the reason the universities race on the river each year is actually much simpler .
The race came about because two friends from Harrow School , Charles Wordsworth , of Christ Church , Oxford , and Charles Merrivale of St John 's , Cambridge , met during a vacation in Cambridge .
Wordsworth went rowing on the Cam - so the two school friends decided to set up a challenge .
On February 10 , 1829 , Cambridge 's boat race team challenged Oxford 's to a race at Henley-on-Thames , where Oxford smashed us .
The boat race then happened irregularly from then on . From 1839 it was held on the Tideway - the part of the River Thames which has tides .
Download the Cambridge News app We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in . To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here . Find out more about the app here .
The women 's boat race was founded in 1927 , and was held on the Isis in Oxford .
According to the Times , large and hostile crowds gathered on the towpath , as the men objected to women rowing .
The first few races were judged on `` time and style '' rather than a side-by-side contest - as the two crews were not allowed on the river at the same time .
The women 's race has been held on the Tideway in the past , but also on the Cam and the Isis .
Both boat races became regular annual events from 1964 onwards - but it was n't until 2015 that the women 's race was held on the same day and course as the men 's .
A Gulfport Central Middle School mom made another appearance at the Gulfport School District School board meeting Monday night .
TORONTO - The chief economist of the Canadian Real Estate Association says homeowners in the Greater Toronto Area should brace themselves for a possible tax on speculative home purchases .
Gregory Klump says he would not be surprised to see policy-makers roll out such a measure just as the market begins to recover from the most recent round of changes .
`` I do n't think they 're done yet , '' Klump said during an Economic Club of Canada roundtable in Toronto Wednesday .
The Ontario government introduced a suite of policies in April aimed at cooling runaway house prices in the fast-growing Greater Golden Horseshoe region , including a 15 per cent tax on foreign buyers and expanded rent controls .
Home sales in the GTA plunged by 20.3 per cent in May , the month after the new rules took effect , suggesting that the measures are having the desired impact .
However , some economists say the impact may be short-lived like it was in Vancouver , where the introduction of a foreign buyer tax caused a temporary pause in sales activity before the market picked up again .
Klump says he could see it taking about six months for the housing market in the Toronto area to gather steam again , provided that no new measures are introduced between now and then .
He says he believes that a speculation tax would be misguided because such measures typically do little more than temporarily change market sentiment — pushing buyers to the sidelines for a bit while they wait to assess the impact .
Loopholes could allow some speculators to get around paying the tax , Klump says .
Follow @ alexposadzki on Twitter .
A forgetful fish , infighting superheroes and some intergalactic rebels led the North American box office in 2016 , which , with an estimated $ 11.2 billion in earnings to date , has become the highest grossing year of all time - slightly surpassing last year 's $ 11.1 billion record.Those top three films , `` Finding Dory , '' `` Captain America : Civil War , '' and `` Rogue One : A Star Wars Story , '' all had the common thread of being under the Walt Disney Studios banner , which had its own records to celebrate.In general , the year looked like many others , with tent pole superhero pics , animated features , sequels and reboots overpowering original fare , but there was definitely something for everyone . `` Hollywood built a wild roller-coaster ride at the multiplex in 2016 , with films from every genre sparking interest from a very vocal and engaged social media-savvy audience who were able to make or break some of the biggest titles of the year , '' said Paul Dergarabedian , senior media analyst for box office tracker comScore .
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Nassau County investigators found human remains inside the wooded area of a park in Roosevelt on Wednesday that they believe are those of someone killed by MS-13 gang members , authorities said .
“ It is , no doubt , an MS-13 murder , ” said Nassau County Police Commissioner Patrick Ryder at a Wednesday afternoon news conference near the park , which was also attended by County Executive Laura Curran and District Attorney Madeline Singas .
The remains were said to be partial bones , according to a law-enforcement official , and were found about 1 mile into the Roosevelt Preserve abutting Frederick Avenue .
Police said investigators began digging in the area Tuesday night .
“ This is another grim , troubling discovery , ” Singas said . “ These are brutal acts . ”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street 's Audrey Roberts will find herself in the middle of a very awkward love triangle after making a bid for a gentleman 's attentions .
The hairdresser seemed rather smitten on hospital radio DJ Geoff during her stay after she was mugged .
And with them set to reunite on the cobbles , Audrey will make a play for her man .
But unfortunately for her , he only has eyes for another .
On Monday , fans of the ITV soap will see Yasmeen suddenly distracted from an argument with Sally - over the price of a bird feeder - when Geoff walks into the room .
He asks her to meet him in the Bistro and she confides in Rita who tells her to go for it .
But when Audrey meets Rita in the Bistro , she spots Geoff , and unaware that he 's waiting for Yasmeen , asks him to join them .
After the mix up , Audrey , Geoff and Yasmeen all end up sitting together , until Yasmeen leaves because she feels so awkward .
When Audrey spots Geoff looking wistfully after her she disappointedly realises it is Yasmeen he wants and encourages him to go after her .
Yasmeen is delighted but Sally , who is married to Geoff 's son Tim , is horrified to discover that Yasmeen and Geoff are an item .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
On Wednesday , Sally asks Tim to get Geoff over for dinner so they can put him off dating Yasmeen . Tim also invites Dev and Gina but Sally is aghast when Geoff arrives with Yasmeen in tow .
The entire dinner party tries to mend fences between Sally and Yasmeen , but without success , causing Geoff to take things into his own hands by miraculously fixing the broken bird feeder that 's caused a rift between them .
Tim is amazed when Sally and Yasmeen shake hands .
* Coronation Street airs Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - Jim Carrey is being criticized on social media for a portrait he painted that is believed to be White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders .
The actor and comedian on Saturday tweeted the painting with the caption : `` This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked . Monstrous ! ''
Some Twitter users accused Carrey of shaming because of the unflattering portrait . Others were critical of his use of Christian .
A spokeswoman for Carrey confirms it is his painting . But she would not confirm it is Sanders .
The White House has not returned a message seeking comment .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Evans says Gloucester 's herd mentality has helped him and other players get through his injury problems .
The 26-year-old also spoke about the possibility of playing at openside flanker , back-row competition and revealed that he can eat a whole 20in Fat Toni 's large pizza as he answered questions sent in to Gloucestershire Live by fans .
Take a look at the answers below .
Do you feel fully recovered from your injuries ? ( John McLellan )
I feel really good . It was really nice playing the A-League game against Exeter and then play again on Friday ( against Ospreys ) , to be running around injury free .
The surgery that I had was on an injury I 'd been carrying for a while and it was a case of : could I continue playing with an injury ?
It 's always on the back of your mind , it takes up a lot of your thinking and it 's not a very nice place to be but now I feel good and ready to go so it 's a great feeling and a weight off the shoulders .
How do players deal with being out of match action with long term injuries ? ( forresterinyorks , Shedweb )
It 's hard . Everyone deals with it differently but one thing that 's great in this environment is we 're all rugby players .
If you go into that changing room , there would n't be many boys who have n't had surgery at some point .
Everyone knows what it 's like , everyone knows how hard it is and it 's a good group where everyone gets around each other and keeps each other going .
If you 're in the rehab group there 's normally more than one of you and it 's a really tight-knit group .
Everyone pulls each other along and if someone 's having a bad day everyone else pulls them along .
It 's that team herd mentality that pulls us through .
With seemingly a lot of competition for back row place , when do you normally get told whether or not you are in the starting XV for the weekend game ? ( Ferret , Shedweb )
Normally we find out on Tuesday morning . There 's a lot of competition at the moment , you 've just got to look at Ruan ( Ackermann ) who has come in this season and is going really well , Jake Polledri is having a fantastic season and has deservedly been called up by Italy so there 's no rest for the wicked as they say .
You 've just got to keep plugging away and hopefully impress the coaches and get more chances .
Have you and/or the coaching team , given the changes to the laws , considered trying you at openside ? ( Ken Burney , Shedweb )
It 's not really something I 've spoken about .
I came on for Will ( Safe ) on Friday at seven and it 's something I 'm comfortable with .
I do n't feel that the law change necessarily affects me massively because I 'm quite confident getting over the ball as it is .
Especially the way we play as well as the law change there is n't a huge demand for that jackal threat over the ball so I feel more than happy to play six , seven or eight to be honest .
I 'm just happy to get on the field whenever I can .
It does n't make a huge difference to me and I do n't think it matters too much in our structures either so going forward I 'll be putting my hand up for any shirt I can get my hand on .
Why did you pass to Charlie in Perpignan ? ( Legendoft'Autostrada , Shedweb )
I must get asked this at least once a year .
I was young , big stage . I thought he was screaming for the ball so I passed it to him .
It 's one of those things I always had in my head when I played with guys like Charlie , he 's a lot faster than I am and if he 's calling for the ball there 's probably a reason so give it to him .
Do you regret it ?
Yes , quite a lot ! I 've only watched it back once because it was a bit much and I did n't really enjoy watching it so I do n't tend to look at it but it 's one of those things , it happened and we still scored so I do n't mind too much .
What 's your favourite cheat meal ? ( Glaws , Shedweb )
My go-to is a Fat Toni 's pizza . If I 'm properly hungry I can put away a large one myself . It 's good stuff .
A former Dallas accountant condemned for fatally shooting his two young daughters while their mother listened helplessly on the phone was put to death Thursday night in Texas.John David Battaglia was executed for the May 2001 killings of his 9-year-old daughter , Faith , and her 6-year-old sister , Liberty . Battaglia and his wife had separated , and he shot the girls at his Dallas apartment during a scheduled visit.His lethal injection was the nation 's third this year , all in Texas . The punishment was delayed more than three hours until the U.S. Supreme Court rejected appeals from his lawyers to review his case . They contended the 62-year-old was delusional and mentally incompetent for execution and that a lower court improperly refused Battaglia 's lawyers money to hire an expert to further examine legal claims regarding his mental competency.Battaglia smiled as the mother of his slain children , Mary Jean Pearle , and other witnesses to his execution walked into the death chamber viewing area.Asked by the warden if he had a final statement , the inmate replied : `` No , '' then changed his mind . `` Well , hi , Mary Jean , '' he said , looking and smiling at his ex-wife . `` I 'll see y'all later . Bye . `` After that , he told the warden : `` Go ahead , please . `` Battaglia then closed his eyes and looked directly up . A few seconds later he opened them back up and lifted his head . `` Am I still alive ? '' he asked.The powerful sedative pentobarbital began to take effect . `` Oh , I feel it , '' he said . He gasped twice and started to snore . Within the next few seconds , all movement stopped.The time of death : 9:40 p.m. CST - 22 minutes after the lethal dose began.Pearle turned away from an execution-viewing window after Battaglia stopped breathing and walked to the back of the witness area . `` I 've seen enough of him , '' she said . She returned several minutes later to watch as a physician examined Battaglia and pronounced him dead . Pearle declined to be interviewed afterward.The Supreme Court has ruled that prisoners can be executed if they 're aware the death penalty is to be carried out and have a rational understanding of why they 're facing that punishment . Attorneys for Battaglia contended he did n't have that understanding and that the state 's highest court , the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals , misapplied the Supreme Court 's guidance when it ruled that Battaglia was competent.Another unsuccessful appeal challenged the effectiveness of the pentobarbital Texas uses as its execution drug . Attorneys contended the state 's supply was outdated and Battaglia was at risk for unconstitutionally cruel punishment.A state judge and the state appeals court described Battaglia as highly intelligent , competent , not mentally ill and faking mental illness to avoid execution.Testimony at a hearing showed Battaglia used the prison library to research capital case rulings on mental competence and discussed with his father during a phone call from jail the `` chess game '' of avoiding execution . State Judge Robert Burns , who found him competent , said Battaglia 's intelligence and education - he had a master 's degree - showed he had the `` motive and intellectual capability to maintain a deliberate ploy or ruse to avoid his execution . `` According to prosecutors , Battaglia became enraged that Pearle notified police about his harassment of her and he used a visit with their daughters to act on his anger . Pearle returned a call from one of her daughters and heard Faith pleading with her father , who put the call on speakerphone . `` No , daddy , please do n't , do n't do it ! '' Faith begged.Pearle yelled into the phone for the children to run , then heard gunshots . `` Merry ... Christmas , '' Battaglia told Pearle , the words of the holiday greeting derisively divided by an obscenity.There were more gunshots . Pearle called 911.At the time of the killings , Battaglia was on probation for a Christmas 1999 attack on Pearle . His profanity-laced Christmas greeting to Pearle was an apparent reference to that.Faith was shot three times , Liberty five . Hours later , Battaglia was arrested outside at a tattoo shop where he had two large red roses inked on his left arm to commemorate his daughters . It took four officers to subdue him . A fully loaded revolver was found in his truck and more than a dozen firearms were recovered from his apartment.Battaglia told The Dallas Morning News in 2014 his daughters were his `` best little friends '' and that he had photos of them displayed in his prison cell . `` I do n't feel like I killed them , '' he said . `` I am a little bit in the blank about what happened . ''
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Tory minister was accused of having `` disowned '' the Transport Secretary 's Port of Dover `` policy brainwave '' , amid fears that Kent will become a car park .
Chris Grayling suggested the Government 's plan for avoiding delays and traffic jams of trucks entering the UK post- Brexit is to simply not check them .
Estimates suggest that just a two minute check on lorries would result in queues 29 miles long .
Mr Grayling told a Question Time audience in the port town of Dover : `` The first is that we will maintain a free-flowing border at Dover we will not impose checks in the port .
( Image : Reuters )
`` It is utterly unrealistic to do so , we do n't check lorries now , we 're not going to be checking lorries in Dover in the future , absolutely clear it can not happen . ''
The Transport Secretary was ridiculed at the time for failing to understand that lorries remain unchecked because of our membership of the EU .
Today Treasury Minister Mel Stride said it was `` absolutely right '' that Mr Grayling had said a hard border would not be created in Dover where the UK had to stop every lorry .
He later told MPs number plate recognition technology and cameras were among the ideas being discussed with port officials .
Liberal Democrat former minister Tom Brake said today it was clear from comments to the Commons that Treasury minister Mel Stride had distanced himself from Chris Grayling 's remarks .
Shadow Treasury minister Peter Dowd accused the Government of a `` hokey cokey Brexit '' strategy while Labour 's Stephen Doughty ( Cardiff South and Penarth ) compared it to Peter Pan by claiming Mr Stride seemed to `` think you can wish a happy thought and fly out the window '' .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But Independent MP Charlie Elphicke ( Dover ) claimed opposition MPs were members of `` analogue parties '' and had a `` dystopian vision '' in which every single load is stopped .
Speaking as MPs considered an urgent question on customs arrangements at ports post-Brexit , Mr Brake said : `` I note the minister has disowned ( Mr Grayling 's ) policy brainwave because the Government is saying they will be stopping vehicles at Dover but not all of them .
`` Given that 10,000 trucks pass through Dover every day , how long will the tailback be if say one out of 10 additional trucks now need to be checked and it takes five minutes - and where will the lorry parks be built that need to accommodate that ? ''
Mr Stride replied : `` There will be no requirement for anything like the kind of stoppages at Dover that ( Mr Brake ) suggests .
`` We will use technology , we will facilitate the movement of trucks and goods through the Port of Dover .
`` If there is an intelligence-led requirement to stop any of those vehicles that can be done outside of the Port of Dover , and we will make sure that port keeps flowing . ''
Mr Stride had earlier reiterated the Government 's two proposed options for customs after Brexit - either a highly streamlined customs arrangement or a new customs partnership .
Mr Stride said the Government wanted to ensure that trade was as frictionless as possible , while avoiding a hard border in Ireland and allowing the UK to establish an international trade policy .
He said : `` On the issue of what the Secretary of State for Transport had to say last Thursday , he said in addition to the remarks that ( Labour MP Hilary Benn ) has raised , we will not in any circumstances create a hard border in Dover that requires us to stop every lorry in the port of Dover .
`` This of course is absolutely right . ''
Labour 's Yvette Cooper , chairwoman of the Home Affairs Select Committee , noted Mr Stride referred to automated number plate recognition .
She said : `` Can he confirm that he has been discussing with the Port of Dover extensive cameras that could be part of his proposed technology solution ?
`` And can he also confirm that the Government rules out having those kinds of cameras at the Northern Ireland border because the Government has ruled out any physical infrastructure at the Northern Ireland border ? ''
Mr Stride replied : `` You are absolutely right . The Government has very clearly ruled out any infrastructure at the Northern Ireland border .
`` In the case of Dover and the discussions that are being held , I have to say not necessarily with myself directly through officials , all of these particular options - including the number plate recognition and so on that you referred to - have indeed been discussed . ''
SNP Europe spokesman Peter Grant earlier said : `` The Port of Dover reckons that 99 % of their traffic goes to and from the European Union and it takes these massive great lorries , on average , two minutes to get through .
`` The other 1 % is from the rest of the world and it takes , on average , 20 minutes to get through .
`` There 's no degree of customs check whatsoever that can prevent Dover from becoming less than a car park and , in fact , most of Kent from becoming a car park . ''
Mr Stride , in his reply , said the different approaches under consideration - including number plate recognition technology - would allow traffic to `` move briskly '' through the ports as they currently do .
He said : `` I think the nub of this issue is this misconception that somehow having customs control at the border is the same thing as stopping every vehicle or jamming up Dover . ''
When you think of Tesla vehicles , you usually think about sleek lines and rapid acceleration . With its new vehicle , it 's gone in a very different direction .
With a 0-60 speed of five seconds , the new Tesla Semi truck wo n't leave anyone behind at the traffic lights . That said , it still has impressive acceleration , just of a different kind .
When packed to its 80,000lb maximum gross weight , it can get up to 60mph in 20 seconds , which is seriously impressive .
Once moving , it has pretty decent range too . Depending on weight and configuration , it can do between 300 and 500 miles . According to Tesla CEO Elon Musk , 80 % of routes that trucks make are 250 miles , so will be fine with the Semi .
Look ma , no driver
Of course , this is n't the situation for all journeys , and there currently is n't the infrastructure to support these vehicles being recharged , so it will be interesting to see if Tesla injects funds into developing this infrastructure before the vehicle enters production in 2019 .
One of the most impressive things about the Tesla Semi is the ability to drive in Convoy Mode . What this means is that a series of Semis would be able to take instructions from a primary truck , allowing for one driver to effectively drive three trucks , or possibly more .
What 's important to state is that while the technology might be in the Semi , that does n't mean it 's really to start being used on the road . There will have to be extensive testing and legislature before you 'll start to see convoys , but it 's exciting to hear that a major player like Tesla has got to this stage , at least technologically .
Want to know about the speedier alternative that Tesla also announced ? Check out : Tesla Roadster release date , price and features
Via Digital Trends
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
NEW LONDON , Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family , December 7 , 2017 .
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries , but not all can make it home for the holidays .
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
Student societies sent unsolicited packages containing everything from electronics to sex toys
Some of the items that have mysteriously been sent to Camosun College Students Society in recent weeks . ( Photo submitted )
A pair of Victoria student societies are on the receiving end of what would appear to be an expensive practical joke .
Student societies at the University of Victoria and Camosun College have been receiving mysterious parcels in recent weeks , containing everything from electronic items to sex toys .
“ I would n't say anything 's worth over $ 50 at this point , but it 's pretty substantial , ” said Michael Glover , Camosun Student Society services co-ordinator . “ We got a turntable that plugs into USB , but none of us have any records . ”
He said they 've probably received 30 or 40 items in all over the past three months or so , all coming in Amazon packaging .
“ We 've talked to Amazon to try and find out what 's going on and they 're as perplexed as we are , ” said Glover .
Pierre-Paul Angelblazer , UVic Student Society 's interim director of outreach and university relations , said they have also been receiving numerous packages for the past few weeks .
“ They 're generally fairly valuable things , ” he said , adding the first packages were donated to the campus food bank .
“ We 're continuing to get the packages but we 're just turning them away and having them shipped back to Amazon . We 're not opening the boxes anymore . ”
Glover says Victoria schools are n't alone in receiving the mysterious packages , as he 's heard of schools around B.C . and across the country who have been receiving them .
He said the student society has n't decided what to do with all of the merchandise that includes a dash cam , a pair of HDTV antennas , fishing tackle and sex toys .
“ We 've got about $ 1,000 worth of merchandise here . If they 're sending them to 100 student unions , that 's $ 100,000 [ not including the shipping ] , ” he said . “ Amazon is winning , someone is winning , but what all this junk is for … I have no idea . We 'll go fishing later ? Some lucky student will win a vibrator ? ”
Glover said the latest shipment arrived on Thursday , and the student society is just waiting for the issue to resolve itself .
“ For us it 's kind of neat – it 's like ‘ Oh , what did we get today ? ' And if you need an HDTV antenna in black or white , we 're your guy . ”
The ever-expanding capabilities of our mobile devices , combined with the finance industry 's wholesale transition to digital , has seen money payment applications boom .
The traditional banks and money transfer organizations have thus been forced to create enticing smartphone and tablet-friendly apps to maintain their user bases , while tech companies not previously associated with financial services have also been entering the fray , smelling an increasingly profitable opportunity amid a rapidly changing landscape .
With a plethora of money transfer apps now competing on the market , delivered by burgeoning startups right up to the guardians of international transfers , there 's a lot to take in . That 's why we 've rounded up the best of bunch , taking in peer-to-peer payments over the dinner table , foreign currency transfers to the other side of the world , and everything in between .
We 've also highlighted the best payment gateways of 2018
Venmo
The millennial 's go-to that 's wooing businesses
Quick and easy
Added social features
Safe and secure
Venmo believes it has both individual users and businesses winning via its money transferring app . While the everyday user can make quick and simple payments via their phone , businesses are able to give an increasingly mobile-first audience a smooth , handheld checkout on purchases . A big ecommerce box ticked .
At present , Venmo 's reputation is a little stronger in the former category , while parent company PayPal continues its dominance in the business world . The ‘ digital wallet ' nature of the service makes it appealing for mobile-savvy individuals wanting to make quick peer-to-peer transfers to friends , with the experience enhanced by the ability to share purchases on their Venmo feed and add comments and emojis to their contacts ' shared purchases .
How does it work ? Users make payments by linking their bank accounts or debit cards directly via the app , or by transferring the money stored within their Venmo account . These transfers can be stored as a Venmo balance to be used later or cashed out immediately to a bank account .
With its slick UI and all-round convenience winning favor among millennials , businesses seeking to tap this younger market will increasingly consider wrapping Venmo into their payment systems , and they can do so in the knowledge that it safeguards payment data with encryption for maximum safety and security .
For debit card transactions , the Venmo app is free to use . Merchants looking to adopt the service can find out more here .
Western Union
Convenient mobile payment from a money transfer mainstay
Handy shortcuts
Multiple payment methods
Trackable transactions
It 's likely Western Union is one of the first names that springs to mind when you think of money transfers , so it should be of little surprise that the company has mocked up a very handy app to take its global service to your mobile .
WU appears mindful that the attention span of the average mobile user has shrunk to that of a gnat , so time-consuming entry fields to insert your details have been scrapped where possible . If your phone has Touch ID , you can get your transfer rolling with a press of your thumb , while a card scanning feature spares you the 16-digit input haul on setup .
The option of paying direct from your bank account , via card or in cash adds to the convenience factor , as does integration with Apple Pay . Keeping track of your transfer is also possible through the app – simply enter your tracking number ( MTCN ) to see when it 's been processed , collected and completed .
Western Union allows you to send up to $ 500 ( £376 ) for a $ 5 ( £4 ) fee , but downloading the app is free .
WorldRemit
Super-secure transfers to over 140 countries
Easy to use
Fast and secure
Unpredictable fees
WorldRemit is also in tune with the fact that speed is the name of the game when it comes to mobile money transfers , and claims you can ‘ send money from your mobile as quickly as a text message ' thanks to its iOS and Android app .
With WorldRemit you can send money to contacts in over 140 different countries and transfers can be received as a bank deposit , cash pickup , mobile credit or an airtime top-up . Best of all , processing time is just a matter of minutes , making for near instant availability at the other end .
When the transfer is completed , both sender and recipient receive an SMS or email notification , giving peace of mind that the money has arrived safely . The service also promises money protection of the ‘ highest possible standards ' thanks to ‘ industry-leading ' tech and licences with governments across the world .
Charges on your transfer depend on the sum of money and also the destination . There 's no fixed rate here , so it may be worth checking the tariff on sending to the country you have in mind before signing up . That said , your first transfer with WorldRemit is free of charge , so why not give it a go ?
Azimo
International transfers you can trust
Fast updates on transfers
Over 200,000 pick-up points worldwide
No phone number for support
Less of a household name , but well worthy of its place in our list , is Azimo , which has apps available in Google Play and Apple 's App Store for its international money transfer service .
From the moment you hit send on your transfer to the point of collection , Azimo keeps you fully up-to-date on the status of your transaction via the app . But while the technology in money transfer services usually takes care of itself , the bureaucracy around collecting bank and cash payments in other countries can be far from simple , so Azimo 's location-specific instructions for collection are a nice touch .
Though dependant on destination , the fees are very reasonable , and the service can count on over 200,000 pick-up points worldwide . The customer service is strong too , even if it is restricted to email rather than phone . An added incentive ? Inviting a friend to join the service gives them £10 ( $ 13 ) on a transfer , and when they transfer £100 ( $ 133 ) or more , you get to pocket £10 ( $ 13 ) yourself .
PayPal
Tap into the payment giant 's offering from your phone
Loose limit on transactions
Simple way of selecting recipient
Charges on debit card transfers
We were n't exactly going to leave PayPal out of a conversation about money transfers , were we ? The service has become ubiquitous in ecommerce but the company 's acquisition of the aforementioned Venmo suggested it had work to do to establish itself as a popular app for peer-to-peer transfers .
With Vemno clearly pitching itself at the younger market , PayPal 's app maintains the more corporate look and feel . Its tight security measures – making you enter your password every time you open the app , for example – further emphasizes the business heritage . While this may feel like a slight inconvenience , it 's surely a wise security measure .
PayPal 's mobile transfers match the rest of the field in terms of speed , but you do get charged on debit card transactions , a rarity when it comes to domestic transfers . This drawback is countered by more lax spending limits , with individual transactions able to go as high as $ 10,000 ( £7,500 ) .
The simplicity of entering just an email address or phone number to direct your payment will always carry appeal on PayPal 's platform , but if quick peer-to-peer transfers are more important to you than international transactions , those debit card fees may push you towards its cool little sibling , Vemno .
Best of the rest
Google has been ramping up its presence in the peer-to-peer payments market for some time , and Google Play Send is the latest iteration of its money transfer app . Though only available in the US at present , its super-quick functionality and convenient bill-splitting feature suggest it 's an app that 's here to stay .
Facebook wants to get in on the act too , and so it has lumped peer-to-peer payments into its Messenger app . Once you 've entered your bank details , up to $ 2,500 ( the limit is £2,500 in UK ) can be flicked off to a Facebook contact at the tap of a button . Will it catch on ?
Not about to miss out on a tussle with its fellow tech titans , Apple has Apple Pay . The platform allows you to make secure purchases in stores , in apps , and on the web , and you can now send and receive money in Messages too – a potential game-changer .
Though not hailing from the same tech super league as the previous three , Square 's Cash App is a major player in this field . First came its instant peer-to-peer payments , then came a business-friendly extension to the service , and now it even supports Bitcoin trading .
Getting back to the international specialists , we finish our roundup with OFX . In addition to speedy international transfers from your mobile , the app offers live insight and commentary on market rates and can count on very solid customer service thanks to its support teams in Australia , US , UK , Canada , New Zealand , Hong Kong and Singapore .
FAIR : Fireworks at Newrybar will be delayed this year due to wet weather .
THE annual Newrybar Public School Fireworks and Fair originally scheduled for this Saturday has been postponed .
A update on social media confirmed the decision .
`` Newrybar Fireworks scheduled for this Saturday 17th June have sadly been postponed due to rain , ” said the statement .
`` New date to be announced shortly . ”
The event is a major fundraiser for Newrybar Public School .
The small educational precinct of 25 students benefits from the fair , which is attended by more than 700 people .
Funds raised from the Newrybar Fireworks & Fair pay for things such as an interactive screen , a quarter share in robotics equipment , new murals and playground seating .
Funds raised also directly help to halve the bus costs for school excursions and sporting activities including annual swimming lessons .
Newrybar Public School 's annual Fireworks and Fair on was to be held this Saturday from 4pm at 10 Broken Head Road , Newrybar .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Vietnam 's Thatcherism could do with fewer Hanoi characteristics . The sale of a 20 percent slug of state-controlled electricity provider PV Power is the country 's latest successful privatisation . Stake sales are going gangbusters , as is the local stock market . That makes it easy to refrain from enacting deeper reforms , but they would help sustain the momentum .
Asia 's fastest-growing economy logged 7.7 percent year-over-year growth last quarter . The ruling Communist Party is embracing freer trade and the reduction of the state 's role in everything from beer to petrol stations . It 's less Karl Marx , and more Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s Britain .
The sale of brewer Sabeco in December was a watershed moment . Almost a decade after an initial public offering and a year after a tiny piece was listed – the two processes are separate in Vietnam – the government sold 54 percent to Thai Beverage for $ 4.8 billion . A valuation of about 40 times expected earnings is encouraging more similar deals .
In January , pieces of national energy champion PetroVietnam were sold . Anticipation is mounting for what could be more chunky sales , from mobile operator MobiFone , Heineken partner Saigon Trading Group , and Saigon Tourist . According to RongViet Securities , 70 percent of 271 divestments scheduled for 2018 to 2020 will take place this year .
All of this has occurred amid a corruption crackdown extending into the upper echelons of Vietnam 's political hierarchy , which has not dimmed Hanoi 's resolve . Worries about the impact of rising rates and debt also have not dampened enthusiasm on the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange .
A two-day outage last week due to technological malfunction , however , was a timely reminder of just how young the system is .
The government has been steadily making changes . It closed a yawning gap between IPO and listing . Hanoi also now allows underwriters to gauge demand in a so-called book-building , when selling state assets . It has not yet used the new tool in privatisations , and could stick to auctions .
Codifying the Western-style approach might lead to fewer sky-high price tags that risk limiting future sales and more balanced shareholder registers . Securities-law revisions due by 2019 covering everything from exchanges to governance should help , too . Vietnam would be wise to avoid letting short-term exuberance get in the way of longer-term benefits .
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned Monday night , after a record 24 days serving in President Trump 's White House . `` Twenty-four days — I use disposable razors for longer than that , '' Seth Meyers marveled on Tuesday 's Late Night . `` He did n't even last as long as a David Blaine stunt . '' Meyers played a cheeky highlight reel of Flynn 's short tenure , then went to the video library . `` To be fair to Flynn , he may have broken the law and then lied about it , but it 's not like he accused any other public official of breaking the law and called for them to be thrown in jail , '' he said , setting up a clip from last July 's Republican National Convention . He calls the excerpt from Flynn 's `` lock her up ! '' speech `` really ironic to watch now , '' but you can judge for yourself .
Meyers briefly recapped why Flynn stepped down , then walked through the rapidly shifting White House response to the Flynn revelations , up to Trump 's tweet about it on Tuesday . `` Apparently the problem for him is not that Flynn lied , but that we found out about it , '' he said . Other Republicans did n't seem that concerned with the resignation of a top White House official just three weeks in , either , Meyers said , ending with a movie reference and some skepticism about lawmakers having Valentine 's Day breakfast with their wives . Peter Weber
Alicante : Spain sealed their place in the 2018 World Cup as Group G winners after storming to a 3-0 win over Albania on Friday with a ruthless first-half display , while nearest challengers Italy were held to a 1-1 draw by Macedonia .
Valencia forward Rodrigo Moreno marked his first international start by opening the scoring in the 16th minute , chesting down an outrageously stylish pass from Isco to swivel and fire into the top corner .
Real Madrid midfielder Isco then shot high into the net in the 23rd to complete an equally impressive move of short floor passes between David Silva and Koke , while Thiago Alcantara scored the third three minutes later with a thumping header from a pinpoint cross from debutant Alvaro Odriozola .
The only downside for Spain was a shaky performance from Gerard Pique , who was booed by large sections of the Alicante crowd every time he touched the ball following his support for last Sunday 's referendum on Catalan independence and was substituted by Lopetegui after an hour was up .
Despite missing influential players such as Alvaro Morata , Andres Iniesta and Dani Carvajal through injury , the 2010 world champions looked as irresistible as in their 3-0 win over Italy last month , scoring three times in the space of 11 minutes .
They set the tone with a sweeping team move early on which saw Rodrigo miss the target from a Jordi Alba cross , and the Valencia forward wasted another chance for an early goal when he headed a perfectly weighted cross from Isco wide .
Rodrigo , who was recalled to the Spain squad for the first time in three years after spearheading Valencia 's impressive start to the Liga campaign , put those misses behind him with a clinical finish after being played in by Isco .
It was the start of a rampant spell from Spain which effectively put the game to bed and killed off Albania 's faint hopes of a playoff place as they fell five points behind Italy , who are second in the group .
Lopetegui 's side lowered their intensity after the break but still could have stretched their lead as Isco saw a free kick tipped over the crossbar and substitutes Marco Asensio and Saul Niguez each came close to getting on the scoresheet .
Spain have taken 25 points and scored a remarkable 35 goals from their nine Group G games and travel to Israel for their final qualifier on Monday with their place in Russia assured and if they can sustain this terrifying form will be one of the favourites to win the tournament .
HUNDREDS of students began their formal education by starting kindergarten this year .
To commemorate the event , My First Year kindergarten photo feature will be published in the Northern Star on Wednesday , March 21 .
This full colour 24-page lift-out features photographs of our local kindergarten classes .
Perfect for everyone from parents , grandparents and relatives , with nearly 100 local schools involved , it will be a great memento to keep of your little one 's first year of school .
Make sure you pick up the Northern Star on March 21 so you do n't miss out on your copy .
The Board of Cricket Control for India ( BCCI ) has announced huge prizes for the India U-19 cricket team for their spectacular show in the World Cup . Head Coach Rahul Dravid who is being credited for the team 's extraordinary performance will be awarded Rs 50 lakh . The team members will be getting Rs 30 lakh each while the support staff will be awarded Rs 20 lakh each by the Indian cricket board .
India lifted the U-19 World Cup trophy for a record fourth time after dominating throughout the match and defeating Australia by eight wickets in the final .
The bowlers bounced back to dismiss Australia for 216 from 183 for four at one stage . India successfully chased down the modest target in 38.5 overs .
Delhi-boy Manjot Kalra emerged as the man for the occasion , scoring a sublime 101 not out off 102 balls and anchoring the innings after the loss of skipper Prithvi Shaw and team 's leading scorer in the tournament , Shubman Gil .
India has now surpassed Australia in the race of most U-19 World Cup titles with this victory .
The World Cup trophy is a fitting tribute to Dravid in what inarguably is the biggest success of his coaching career . Under Dravid , the side had finished runner-up in the 2016 edition in Bangladesh .
India 's previous title came in Australia six years ago when the Unmukt Chand-led team beat the hosts in the final . The Virat Kohli-led side was victorious in 2008 and Mohammed Kaif was captain when India triumphed way back in 2000 .
Throughout the series , India were the overwhelming favourites and they played like one , dishing out dominant performances one after the other .
© Eligold
Archaeologists excavating in the Hamadan province of Iran have made an astonishing discovery - the remains of an ancient underground city.The excavation site is located close to the city of Samen , in Iran 's Hamadan province . It is located some 400 km from the Iranian capital , Tehran.The city consists of underground tunnels connecting at least 25 rooms . Archaeologists have discovered the remains of 60 people in nine rooms , and are still working on excavating the rest of the site.Ali Khaksar , head of Iran 's Organization of Cultural Heritage , Handicrafts and Tourism in Hamadan province , told Khabar Agency , a media outlet , that the underground settlement is believed to be around 2,000 years old.The discovery is one of several exciting finds by Iranian archaeologists in recent months . Last month , archaeologists discovered underground living quarters carved into a mountain in central Iran dating back to the 12th century.In February , an excavation in southern Iran led to the discovery of an ancient observatory which is believed to date back to the reign of the Sassanian dynasty from 224 to 651 CE .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
As Australians across the nation woke early at the crack of dawn this morning for Anzac Day , the North West Telegraph asked local soldiers what they thought about the national day of remembrance .
Pilbara Regiment 's Corporal Nathan Lloyd , said April 25 was a day to reflect on sacrifices made by past and present personnel to protect the Australian way of life .
“ I suppose the majority of it is reflecting on the sacrifices that other guys are making today , the fact that we live the life we do in Australia is primarily because of the sacrifice of men and women in the Second World War , ” he said .
“ Obviously in Australia we have lots of options , we have one of the best lifestyles and standards of living in the world , it 's through that sacrifice and people were prepared to fight for that way of life .
Bob Semple survived the Rats of Tubruk and helped turn the tides of World War 2 . The West Australian Video Bob Semple survived the Rats of Tubruk and helped turn the tides of World War 2 .
“ One of the best things about Anzac Day is that it gets people involved with serving and ex-serving members ... an opportunity to talk about what has happened and is happening — gives the public an insight and builds respect for what we do . ”
Port Hedland commanding officer Major Guy Warnock said soldiers deployed on overseas operations would often mark the day with some quiet consideration .
“ It is a significant day , it 's a day we all stop and pause , ” he said .
“ Many contemporary veterans have friends or have known people that have been killed during their careers. “ It ( Anzac Day ) certainly does seem to draw the crowds in a respectful manner to commemorate our war dead — it 's something a lot of people attend such as dawn service , it 's not a victory parade , it 's not a celebration it 's a commemoration . ”
Lisa has been writing about technology , careers , science and health since 1995 . She rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK , popped out with the 2008 crash and joined the freelancer economy . Alongside Naked Security Lisa has written for CIO Mag , ComputerWorld , PC Mag , IT Expert Voice , Software Quality Connection , Time , and the US and British editions of HP 's Input/Output .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola is interested in Brazilian Under-20 defender Lucas Halter .
The highly-rated centre back turns 18 next month and is already regarded as one of the best young defenders in Brazil .
Halter , called up to the Brazil Under-20 's this week , is already being coveted by Atletico Madrid and Roma .
But Manchester City boss Guardiola could be set to raid the South American market again having already turned both Ederson and another rising star , Gabriel Jesus , into Premier League champions .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : FIFA )
Standing at 6ft 2in , Halter currently plays for Atletico Paranaense and has won plaudits for his composure , his aerial presence and his ability to bring the ball out of defence .
He is the club captain at youth level for Paranaense and has already been involved with their first team squads .
We can confirm that two @ DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded . We will provide updates as we get them . Please pray for our officers and their families . — Dallas Police Dept ( @ DallasPD ) April 24 , 2018
A civilian was also shot in this incident . The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time . — Dallas Police Dept ( @ DallasPD ) April 24 , 2018
Police say a loss prevention worker at a Dallas area Home Depot called police for help before a gunman opened fire on two officers and the employee.The Dallas Police Department gave an update Tuesday evening hours after the officers were critically wounded at the hardware store in the northeast part of the city.The shooting happened about 4:30 p.m.The Dallas Police Department tweeted about the shooting , giving the conditions of the officers . But it did not immediately provide other details.The department tweeted that a civilian , later identified as the loss prevention worker , was also shot . That person 's condition was n't immediately known.During a news conference at the hospital where the officers and worker are being treated , Dallas PD Chief Renee Hall identified a person of interest in the shooting as 29-year-old Armando Juarez . Police believe Juarez left in a white pickup truck .
PARIS ( AP ) — French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris .
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts .
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate . The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy .
An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week , and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago . Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
By the time you read this , little Alfie Evans may already have slipped from life .
On Monday evening , the life support machine which has kept him here with his devoted parents these last 16 months was switched off .
Only a miracle would enable him to see his second birthday on May 9 .
Once again a family 's battle to keep their child alive has made national news .
Like the family of Charlie Gard before them , Kate James and Tom Evans have done everything they can to avoid parting with their son .
And I feel only dreadful sadness for them .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
But for the mob who tried to storm Alder Hey hospital , spitting abuse at doctors and nurses supposedly wanting ‘ Justice for Alfie ' , I feel only contempt .
If these people were n't shouting and threatening in Alfie 's name , it would be something else , somewhere else .
For their affected rage has nothing to do with a sick little boy and everything to do with themselves .
Whipped into a frenzy by the ill informed hysteria of social media where moral outrage always trumps reasoned thought , they brought mob mentality to Alder Hey . To a hospital which cares for 270,000 ­children every year and saves thousands of their lives .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
To doctors and nurses , working long hours in ­difficult conditions for ever decreasing pay . To other young patients who faced the terrifying barrage of protesters on their way to already terrifying medical appointments .
You 'd think this mob might realise that any decisions on Alfie 's care are now in the hands of the courts . And surely they realise that those who dedicate their lives to medicine do it to save kids – not kill them .
But for some people nowadays the realities of a situation do n't matter . It 's all about emotion and achieving some personal satisfaction from hearing their voice loud in a crowd .
The world has come a long way from my grandparents ' day .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
They would n't have dreamed to ­question the judgement of a doctor , or a teacher , or any of ‘ their betters ' .
Of course it was right that as a society we gained the courage to challenge the establishment . Without it there would never have been Justice for the 96 at Hillsborough , the BBC sex scandals would have gone uninvestigated and Stephen Lawrence 's murder unresolved .
But I ca n't help feeling that the pendulum is swinging too far when no deference remains even for those who spend their days saving sick babies .
Expressing anger may have made the Alder Hey mob feel better about the way they believe the entire establishment treats them .
But it did absolutely nothing for beautiful little Alfie Evans .
If you squint , the image above bears a pretty strong resemblance to what you might see at a July 4 fireworks display .
But it 's actually , dare we say , far cooler . Or hotter : The image captured by the Hubble Space Telescope is a cluster of `` huge , hot '' stars called NGC 3603 , about 20,000 light years away in the constellation Carina .
The glittery image was captured in 2009 , and NASA posted it on its website on the eve of today 's Independence Day celebrations . The swirling purple clouds of gas and dust , it says , are the `` raw material for new star formation . ''
And as the space agency writes , what appears to be a peaceful scene is actually a churning nebula — where massive stars `` live fast and die young . '' At the cluster in the center are some of the biggest known stars , `` burning through their hydrogen fuel quickly and ultimately ending their lives in supernova explosions . ''
This kind of star cluster can help scientists learn more about how stars are formed .
We 'll leave you with one more image of the `` Celestial Fireworks . '' Happy July 4 !
Amazon will reportedly block Australian consumers from buying products from its overseas e-commerce sites in response to the nation 's good and services tax changes .
Shoppers visiting the US store Amazon.com and the online behemoth 's other overseas sites will be redirected to Amazon.com.au from July 1 .
This coincides with GST changes where online retailers will have to apply the 10 per cent GST to goods bought from overseas sites and shipped to Australia , where currently the tax only applies to imports of goods above $ 1,000 .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Someone should pull Bex Shiner aside today and alert her to the effects of hypothermia .
Risking limb - both of them - old mate Bex took to the slopes in her backyard over the weekend , following Saturday 's dumping of snow , keen on a spot of NSFW snowman assembly in her knickers .
Classic Bex .
Obviously way too excited about the imminent new friend she 'd soon be creating , the sometimes-porn star recklessly forgot to pull on a warm overcoat - or , heck , a top of any description - racing out into the chilly midnight air in nothing but a black thong .
( Image : James Curley )
( Image : James Curley )
Luckily she remembered to pull on some black combat-style boots , to protect her tootsies from some nasty frostbite - but what about her boobs ?
Priorities .
( Image : James Curley )
( Image : James Curley )
Exposed to the harsh winter elements in her home in Coventry , the former- Big Brother star 's ample assets were on full display , beckoning the chilly mistress that is winter to do their worst .
After she was done , they seemed to be holding up all right , though , as the buxom brunette then decided the next logical step was to roll around in the snow , wearing nothing but her black thong - and a festive elf-headband to add a little pizazz to proceedings .
Perhaps she 's auditioning to be Santa 's little helper ?
( Image : James Curley )
( Image : James Curley )
The 30-year-old did little to make sure she was guarding against the temperatures , though , that plummeted to -7 degrees Celsius overnight .
Not only was she not decked out in some gloves or mittens , she was rolling around in the snow , full palm-to-ice contact , basically asking for the flu .
( Image : James Curley )
( Image : James Curley )
( Image : James Curley )
It was n't long before her facial expressions alluded to the chill she was feeling , as she pulled a variety of emotive looks while wearing a full face of makeup for her nighttime escapades .
Not once , however , did she think to pull up what looked to be a singlet wrapped around her hips ...
( Image : James Curley )
Here 's hoping her thong was thermal .
An international team of researchers has discovered one of the most extreme instances of magnification by gravitational lensing
Extremely distant galaxies are usually too faint to be seen , even by the largest telescopes . But nature has a solution : gravitational lensing , predicted by Albert Einstein and observed many times by astronomers . Now , an international team of astronomers , led by Harald Ebeling of the Institute for Astronomy at the University of Hawaii at Manoa , has discovered one of the most extreme instances of magnification by gravitational lensing .
Using the Hubble Space Telescope to survey a sample of huge clusters of galaxies , the team found a distant galaxy , eMACSJ1341-QG-1 , that is magnified 30 times thanks to the distortion of space-time created by the massive galaxy cluster dubbed eMACSJ1341.9-2441 .
The underlying physical effect of gravitational lensing was first confirmed during the solar eclipse of 1919 , and can dramatically magnify images of distant celestial sources if a sufficiently massive object lies between the background source and observers .
Galaxy clusters , enormous concentrations of dark matter and hot gas surrounding hundreds or thousands of individual galaxies , all bound by the force of gravity , are valued by astronomers as powerful `` gravitational lenses . '' By magnifying the galaxies situated behind them , massive clusters act as natural telescopes that allow scientists to study faint and distant sources that would otherwise be beyond the reach of even the most powerful man-made telescopes .
`` The very high magnification of this image provides us with a rare opportunity to investigate the stellar populations of this distant object and , ultimately , to reconstruct its undistorted shape and properties , '' said team member Johan Richard of the University of Lyon , who performed the lensing calculations .
Although similarly extreme magnifications have been observed before , the discovery sets a record for the magnification of a rare `` quiescent '' background galaxy -- one that , unlike our Milky Way , does not form new stars in giant clouds of cool gas .
Explained UH team leader Ebeling , `` We specialize in finding extremely massive clusters that act as natural telescopes and have already discovered many exciting cases of gravitational lensing . This discovery stands out , though , as the huge magnification provided by eMACSJ1341 allows us to study in detail a very rare type of galaxy . ''
# # #
Details of the discovery are published in Astrophysical Journal Letters .
Taylor Armerding is a long-time , award winning journalist who has been writing in the IT security field for the past six years . Previously he wrote for CSO Online .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 3-9-1 4-8-4 2-4-2 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 10-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 8-3-2 6-8-1 4-5-0 Chicago 29 13 11 5 31 87 81 7-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 9-6-1 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 32 7 20 5 19 74 111 3-8-1 4-12-4 1-5-3
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Arizona at Chicago , 7 p.m .
Buffalo at St. Louis , 7 p.m .
Minnesota at San Jose , 9 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jupp Heynckes return to Bayern Munich has been confirmed , with him heading back to the German champions for a fourth spell as manager .
Heynckes , who led the Bavarians to the only treble in the club 's illustrious history , will take charge on Monday , leading the club until the end of the season .
The 72-year-old replaces Carlo Ancelotti who was fired after the Champions League loss to PSG .
The veteran boss declared `` It 's not a comeback . It is a friendship service .
`` I would not have returned to any other club in the world . I 've only done it because FC Bayern is an affair of the heart for me .
( Image : Alex Livesey )
`` My coaching team and I will now present everything that the team will present the fans soon again successful football . I am very much looking forward to this task . ''
Heynckes will be assisted by Peter Hermann - who leaves Fortuna Dusseldorf - and Hermann Gerland , sporting director of Bavaria 's youth academy .
`` Between Jupp Heynckes and Bavaria , there is a great deal of trust , '' said Bavaria CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge . `` We are very grateful to Jupp . He is the ideal coach for Bayern at the moment . ''
The club 's sporting director , Hasan Salihamidzic , added : `` We 're convinced that [ Heynckes ] is the right man to lead the team back to success this season and to reach our goals . ''
( Image : 2012 Getty Images )
Bavaria defender Jerome Boateng is delighted to see the return of his former manager .
`` I do not think there is a better solution , which is a great solution for the whole club , because he knows the club inside out , ” said Boateng .
“ He 's a great coach with a lot of experience and a lot of knowledge at his fingertips - he has everything a good trainer needs . ”
Bayern have elected to go with Heynckes in the short term with the club increasingly keen on taking Julian Nagelsmann , the young Hoffenheim tactician , next summer .
Hoffenheim had no intention of allowing Nagelsmann - who guided the club into the top four last season - of leaving for the Allianz Arena yet .
“ It 's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato. ” — Lewis Grizzard
Tomato season has arrived and local farm markets are brimming with sensational , seasonal fruit of all sizes , shapes and colors . At the market you may find tomatoes that are deep red and rotund , or petite poppers of bright orange and yellow , dusky purple or pale pink heirlooms , or pale green orbs just the right size for breading and pan frying , or pureeing for cake batter .
A wildly popular component of the American diet year round , seasonal summer tomatoes are now at the pinnacle of perfection . Richly ripe , and saturated with sun soaked sweetness , tomatoes are a conscious cooks ' dream ingredient . Sliced thickly and seasoned with just a spritz of sea salt , tomatoes embody the sun , each heat soaked slice rendering fabulous flavor .
Once considered toxic , tomatoes supposedly became an accepted ingredient in 1820 , when a sea captain consumed a basket of tomatoes in front of a large crowd . When he survived his sizeable snack , the spectators were won over to the fruit and have consumed them copiously ever since . While the tomato is the fruit of a flowering plant , it is considered a vegetable for culinary use , and was designated a vegetable by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1893 !
Tomatoes provide a superior source of lycopene , a powerful , natural antioxidant that may have the capability of offering protection against sunburn and certain cancers . High in fiber , tomatoes may benefit the body by being a cholesterol lowering food and a blood sugar stabilizer . Among their other significant health benefits , consuming tomatoes may help repair lungs damaged by bad air or cigarette smoking , combat heart disease , save vision , and provide anti-aging nourishment for the brain .
Beautiful and beneficial , tomatoes are an ever so versatile crop . Whether chopped into sauces and salsas , blended into silky bisques or soups , piled on platters and paired with creamy fresh mozzarella or tangy goat cheese and finished off with a shower of fresh basil leaves and extra virgin olive oil , layered with zucchini , eggplant and fresh herbs and baked until bubbling , tomatoes make a sublime summer meal .
Savor summer 's heat as you prepare a delicious life !
Hot Tomato Toast
Makes 8 servings
2 large garlic cloves , minced
Sea salt or Kosher salt
8 tablespoons olive oil
3 Tablespoons white wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar
1 pound of tomatoes ( use any variety , super sweet cherry tomatoes would be lovely ) washed and sliced
Freshly ground black pepper
8 slices of sturdy bread , baguette , ciabatta , etc . cut about 1 inch thick
1 cup of chopped fresh herbs ( basil , parsley , chives , thyme or any of your favorites )
2 very ripe avocados , peeled and mashed
Mix garlic together with a pinch of salt in a bowl and mash with a fork to make a paste . Add half of olive oil and vinegar . Add tomatoes , season with salt and pepper and toss until well coated . Let sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors .
Meanwhile prepare a grill for medium high heat . Brush both sides of the bread slices with remaining olive oil and grill until nice brown grill marks appear , but do not blacken . Remove bread from grill and divide avocado mash between the 8 slices . Add herbs to tomato mixture , then divide tomatoes between the bread slices . Sprinkle with a dash of salt and serve .
For more information on Robin Glowa , HHC , AADP , “ The Conscious Cook , ” go to www.theconsciouscook.net
This little boy really does n't understand that no
Steve Jones reveals he had SEX in the toilets at
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Shocking footage shows undertakers seizing a corpse from a grieving family on the day of the man 's funeral - over a £27 debt .
The mortuary men removed the dead body from its coffin in the middle of the burial after the bereaved relatives allegedly refused to pay undertaking charges of GHc 150 ( Ghanian cedi ) or £27 .
Moments before the casket was lowered into the grave , the men arrived at the Tema Community Nine Cemetery in Ghana .
It 's believed the men were from the Tema General Hospital and carried out the shocking act on Saturday .
( Photo : LiveLeak )
They told local media that they planned to keep the body in a safe place until the debts were repaid .
One of the angry men told Citi News : `` The undertaker who dressed the body , charged the bereaved family GHc 150 for dressing their body ; but the family decided to run away with the body after the undertaker had dressed it .
`` So we got wind of the incident and got angry hence our action at the cemetery .
( Photo : LiveLeak )
`` Though we took the body out of the coffin in an attempt to bring it back to the mortuary for safe keep until such time the money was paid .
`` Some sympathizers intervened later and paid us a negotiable amount of one hundred Ghana cedis which we accepted and allowed them to have the body for burial . ”
He told the media that some families had started taking advantage of their undertakers service and claimed that Saturday 's actions were to serve as a warning to all those families looking to get away without paying funeral costs .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A breast cancer sufferer who has been told she has just months to live has been sent a personal video message from her idol Jon Bon Jovi .
Hannah Curr had just finished six months of chemotherapy for the rare and aggressive cancer when doctors discovered it may have spread to her brain .
When doctors told the 33-year-old that she may only have six months to live , she decided to draw up a bucket list .
With her favourite artist Livin ' on a Prayer singer Bon Jovi featuring heavily , her friends stepped up to see if they could help .
Speaking to the Nottingham Post Hannah said : “ When I put together the bucket list , there was a lot of Bon Jovi stuff on there , so some friends put out some feelers without me knowing and somehow a friend of a friend of a friend knew someone who could help .
( Image : nottingham Post WS )
( Image : nottingham Post WS )
( Image : Nottingham Post / BPM Media )
`` It was completely out of the blue , my dad was filming me watching it and I was so tearful that you could n't really hear him speak .
“ I 've been a mega-fan since I was about 10 , the first cassette I ever bought was one of his .
“ I just thought it was a really kind thing for him to do , because I guess celebrities must get these requests all the time , for favours or shout-outs , so to take the time to do it was amazing .
“ You ca n't overstate how uplifting it has been , for me and my family . It 's been a horrible six months , and it 's been great watching their reactions to it , it 's just a wonderful thing to happen .
“ The past six months have been very stressful , but one really amazing thing to come out of it is just how kind everyone has been , everyone has just gone above and beyond .
( Image : Nottingham Post / BPM Media )
( Image : Nottingham Post / BPM Media )
“ My two big obsessions have always been Bon Jovi and Murder She Wrote , and about an hour after I saw the video I got this amazing card from Angela Lansbury wishing me a happy Christmas . ”
Now , Hannah hopes to get on with ticking off the rest of her bucket list .
Next week , she 's going to a private screening of her favourite film , True Romance , and a friend has also arranged for her to walk with alpacas .
She also hopes to go on a Northern Lights cruise and visit Anthony Gormley 's Another Place , which is a collection of human-shaped statues near Liverpool .
She also promised a friend that they would get matching tattoos , but after her friend got their tattoo , she ‘ chickened out ' , so plans to have that done too .
WASHINGTON — Over a week after two teens were fatally shot in a Montgomery Village , Maryland , cul-de-sac , police are again appealing to the public for information that could provide a break in the case .
“ You may think it 's insignificant , but you never know what it could lead to in the future , ” said Rick Goodale , spokesman for the Montgomery County Police Department .
Goodale appeared Wednesday at the North Creek Community Center for a meeting between police and area residents .
Shadi Adi Najjar , 17 , and Artem S. Ziberov , 18 , both of Germantown , Maryland , were shot to death around 10:45 p.m. June 5 , one day before they were to graduate from Northwest High School . The car they were in , a Honda Civic , was still running after the shooting in the 8200 block of Gallery Court .
Nine days later , the crime is no less unsettling for area residents who attended the community meeting .
Vin Davis of Montgomery Village said he came out of concern for his community .
“ I wondered what was going on , ” he said . “ It 's very unfortunate that two young men lost their lives , and I wanted to make sure that 's not a trend . ”
Goodale had no updates about the investigation , but he did indicate that “ everything is still in play . ”
Investigators are hopeful that perhaps a home surveillance system 's outside camera could have caught something relevant and helpful . They also think that an acquaintance or friend might know something that could help investigators .
“ With the way things are today with social media , they probably had a very wide circle of friends , ” Goodale said . “ I 'm sure at least somebody out there knows something that again they may think is insignificant .
“ But let us determine how valuable something is . ”
Montgomery County police are offering a reward of up to $ 10,000 for any information that leads to an arrest in the double homicide .
Anyone who may have information is urged to call Montgomery County police 's major crimes division at 240-773-5070 . Tipsters can also call Crime Solvers of Montgomery County at 1-866-411-TIPS ( 8477 ) or submit a tip to its website .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Last year , Reliance Jio announced that it will soon step into the broadband market . The company even announced the testing of its JioFiber in Mumbai and Pune but did n't disclose any launch date . Now , the company has hinted that JioFiber services will be launched by the end of the year . So , It 's safe to say that Reliance Jio is gearing up to disrupt the broadband market as well .
So far , Jio has only covered 10 per cent of the population in the cities where JioFiber services are being tested . In the initial phase , JioFiber services will come to the top cities like Mumbai and Delhi , followed by Tier-1 and Tier-II cities . The users will receive 100GB of monthly data for 90 days at 100Mbps speed as a part of JioFiber preview offer . However , users will have to pay Rs 4,500 one-time security deposits to avail the offer .
According to Indian Express , the rationale behind charging the amount as a security deposit is the cost attached to the router . Each unit cost Rs 8,000 to the company and company is asking to pay Rs 4,500 as a deposit .
According to the reports , Jio will be using router with Optical Network Termination ( ONT ) , that can be used for five things like Internet , Landline , Cable TV , Home automation and Home surveillance . This indicates that Jio is aiming to offer a complete package , which includes multiple services in a single router . The arrival of the JioFiber will affect existing broadband service providers , as well as satellite cable operators like Tata Sky , Dish TV and others .
While looking at the leaked images of the router , we can say that the JioFiber router will come along with the Jio branded remote control . However , we do n't know much about the features of the router apart from the one mentioned above .
So far , Jio has changed the entire landscape of telecom sector in India with the launch of its 4G service and affordable featurephone . We are expecting the same aggressive strategy from Reliance Jio with its broadband service . It 's been reported that Mukesh Ambani might announce the launch date of the JioFiber service at Reliance Industries ' annual meeting on July 5 .
There are other broadband providers who have a strong customer base in India . ACT Fibernet is India 's 3rd largest Internet Service Provider in the wired broadband category with a customer base of over 1.2 million . On the other hand , Tikona managed to become one of the top three broadband service providers in India with a 2.75 lakh subscriber base in 25 cities spread across the country .
Source
Five of the 10 awardees come from Mindanao . Each awardee will receive a cash incentive of P1 million each , a gold medallion , and a trophy
Published 4:57 PM , August 14 , 2017
This is a press release from the Metrobank Foundation .
This year 's Metrobank Foundation Outstanding Filipinos have been named during a press conference held on August 10 in Quezon City . As a career-service award for Filipino exemplars in the academe , military , and police sectors – 10 Metrobank Foundation Outstanding Filipinos were presented , consisting of 4 teachers , 3 soldiers , and 3 police officers to the members of the media . Five of the 10 awardees come from Mindanao . Each awardee will receive a cash incentive of Php 1 million , a gold medallion , and a trophy .
Based on the theme of “ Beyond Excellence , ” a Metrobank Foundation Outstanding Filipino is recognized for rendering service above and beyond his/her Call of Duty . His/her accomplishments must have inspired and influenced their peers as well as the people in their respective communities . Their works must have transformed a community with a lasting positive impact on people and to the country .
For the teacher category , the awardees are :
Jennifer Rojo of Neogan Elementary School ( Tagaytay City )
Edgar Elago of Magallanes National High School ( Magallanes , Agusan del Norte )
Dr. Esperanza Cabrera of De La Salle University ( City of Manila )
Dr. Alonzo Gabriel of the University of the Philippines-Diliman ( Quezon City ) .
Soldier awardees , on the other hand are :
Staff Sergeant Narding Pascual PA of the 26th Infantry Battalion , 4th Infantry Division , Philippine Army ( Talacogon , Agusan del Sur )
Lieutenant Colonel Elmer Suderio PA of the Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff for Operations , 1st Infantry Division , Philippine Army ( Labangan , Zamboanga Del Sur )
Lieutenant Colonel Ricky Bunayog PA of the Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff for Operations , 6th Infantry Division , Philippine Army ( Datu Odin Sinsuat , Maguindanao )
Police officer awardees are :
Police Officer 3 Shiela May Pansoy of Digos City Police Station ( Digos City , Davao del Sur )
Police Chief Inspector Rosalino Ibay , Jr. of the Manila Police District ( City of Manila )
Police Senior Superintendent Joel Doria of Cebu City Police Office
“ We present to you these exceptional individuals who embody the best in the Filipino and have redefined public service as a worthy endeavour , ” said MBFI president Aniceto Sobrepeña . “ From teachers who shine a light on the future of our children and youth , to heroic military officers who exhibit acts of valor and integrity as guardians of our sovereignty , and to police officers who are peace warriors , lifesavers , and community builders , the awardees , no doubt , render service above and beyond their respective call of duties , ” he continued .
The awardees were chosen by the distinguished members of the Final Board of Judges chaired by Senator Panfilo “ Ping ” Lacson and co-chaired by Quezon City 4th District Representative Feliciano “ Sonny ” Belmonte Jr . The other members include Court of Appeals Associate Justice Magdangal de Leon , US Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim , Manila Electric Company president and CEO Oscar Reyes , Asian Institute of Management president and dean Dr Jikyeong Kang , Palo Archbishop John Du , and GMA Network senior vice president for radio Miguel “ Mike ” Enriquez .
Joining the ranks of 645 outstanding public servants recognized by MBFI since 1985 , the awardees will be honored during the formal conferment ceremonies on September 7 , 2017 , at the Metrobank Plaza , Makati City , as part of Metrobank 's 55th anniversary celebration . – Rappler.com
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Kickoff Returns
Through games of Dec. 09
G No KRYd Avg Wyoming 12 20 590 29.50 Troy 12 30 880 29.33 Virginia 12 33 899 27.24 TCU 13 24 633 26.38 Memphis 12 45 1,174 26.09 Stanford 13 38 975 25.66 Old Dominion 12 34 872 25.65 Virginia Tech 12 20 508 25.40 UCF 12 32 804 25.13 Arizona 12 26 648 24.92 Boise St. 13 36 894 24.83 La.-Monroe 12 57 1,415 24.82 Ole Miss 12 38 939 24.71 Florida St. 12 26 642 24.69 Kansas St. 12 42 1,036 24.67 Georgia 13 21 517 24.62 West Virginia 12 33 805 24.39 Duke 12 28 679 24.25 Ohio St. 13 28 678 24.21 San Diego St. 12 28 677 24.18 Houston 11 28 675 24.11 Southern California 13 35 823 23.51 North Carolina 12 43 1,011 23.51 Washington 12 23 540 23.48 Texas Tech 12 27 632 23.41 Alabama 12 15 348 23.20 Charlotte 12 43 994 23.12 Texas 12 25 576 23.04 South Carolina 12 29 668 23.03 Penn St. 12 27 615 22.78 Iowa 12 29 660 22.76 Oregon 12 38 863 22.71 Syracuse 12 38 863 22.71 Nebraska 12 38 859 22.61 Boston College 12 38 851 22.39 Texas A & M 12 34 761 22.38 Temple 12 47 1,046 22.26 NC State 12 32 711 22.22 Nevada 12 41 908 22.15 Appalachian St. 12 29 642 22.14 Marshall 12 38 839 22.08 Vanderbilt 12 30 659 21.97 Louisiana 12 41 900 21.95 UTSA 11 21 460 21.90 Ohio 12 32 700 21.88 Miami ( FL ) 12 32 698 21.81 Northern Ill. 12 33 717 21.73 Fresno St. 13 35 760 21.71 Ball St. 12 48 1,042 21.71 Colorado 12 27 585 21.67 UTEP 12 36 777 21.58 Auburn 13 21 453 21.57 Missouri 12 37 798 21.57 Maryland 12 60 1,294 21.57 Central Mich. 12 39 841 21.56 Colorado St. 12 24 517 21.54 Kentucky 12 43 926 21.53 Minnesota 12 35 753 21.51 Fla. Atlantic 13 33 708 21.45 Ga. Southern 12 49 1,050 21.43 Toledo 13 39 835 21.41 Georgia St. 11 28 599 21.39 Florida 11 26 553 21.27 Arkansas 12 45 957 21.27 Tennessee 12 32 680 21.25 UConn 12 50 1,054 21.08 New Mexico 12 43 906 21.07 Notre Dame 12 33 691 20.94 Michigan St. 12 31 649 20.94 New Mexico St. 12 27 564 20.89 Wake Forest 12 39 814 20.87 Louisiana Tech 12 27 563 20.85 Wisconsin 13 31 643 20.74 Tulane 12 28 580 20.71 Cincinnati 12 35 724 20.69 Bowling Green 12 47 970 20.64 UAB 12 37 763 20.62 California 12 46 945 20.54 Iowa St. 12 26 533 20.50 Kansas 12 51 1,045 20.49 Oregon St. 12 57 1,166 20.46 San Jose St. 13 44 898 20.41 Southern Miss . 12 31 630 20.32 Middle Tenn. 12 23 467 20.30 LSU 12 18 364 20.22 Utah St. 12 34 687 20.21 Western Mich. 12 40 806 20.15 Mississippi St. 12 23 463 20.13 East Carolina 12 44 878 19.95 Navy 12 35 694 19.83 Hawaii 12 41 812 19.80 SMU 12 38 751 19.76 Clemson 13 24 473 19.71 Louisville 12 22 433 19.68 Oklahoma 13 36 707 19.64 Georgia Tech 11 40 775 19.38 Arizona St. 12 32 619 19.34 Massachusetts 12 46 889 19.33 UCLA 12 49 944 19.27 Illinois 12 36 693 19.25 Western Ky. 12 44 845 19.20 South Ala. 12 32 612 19.13 FIU 12 32 609 19.03 Utah 12 15 285 19.00 Army West Point 12 34 644 18.94 Oklahoma St. 12 27 510 18.89 Indiana 12 33 623 18.88 Pittsburgh 12 30 562 18.73 North Texas 13 40 749 18.73 Michigan 12 29 543 18.72 Washington St. 12 19 354 18.63 Arkansas St. 11 31 573 18.48 Northwestern 12 22 406 18.45 Tulsa 12 44 809 18.39 Akron 13 33 602 18.24 South Fla. 11 27 486 18.00 Baylor 12 37 662 17.89 Rice 12 37 659 17.81 Miami ( OH ) 12 40 708 17.70 Buffalo 12 36 634 17.61 BYU 13 38 667 17.55 Air Force 12 26 454 17.46 Rutgers 12 41 714 17.41 Kent St. 12 51 883 17.31 Texas St. 12 31 535 17.26 Eastern Mich. 12 37 618 16.70 UNLV 12 37 617 16.68 Purdue 12 29 482 16.62 Idaho 12 32 529 16.53
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — The real fun will come before the fight , and what a spectacle it should be . Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen .
Put them together in a ring , though , and it 's an absolute mismatch .
That 's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is . The first thing to think about when it 's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of his skills after two years of traveling the world in his private jet .
If you thought you were snookered out of $ 100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao , you might keep a firm hand on your wallet . The greatest defensive fighter of his time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match ?
Advertisement
Let the yawning begin .
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison . It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather does n't stick his chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he 's down .
What it wo n't be is any kind of legitimate fight , no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be .
That 's no knock on McGregor , who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match his power . Indeed , he would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules .
One of the great trash talkers , too , who was just warming up on Wednesday when he told UFC chief Dana White what his intentions are .
“ Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years , ” White said , “ and that Floyd 's village is next . ”
Good stuff , and there 's lots more to come . McGregor can turn a phrase as well as he can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent .
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings . Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather 's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics his propensity for throwing cash around .
But this is a boxing match , and Mayweather is a masterful boxer . He was throwing punches before he could walk , and if he had elected to stay in retirement he 'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever .
Two years out of the ring wo n't change that . Age wo n't be a factor , either , and Mayweather has never let himself get out of shape .
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that , setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather 's favor . It would be even higher than that , but UFC fans will be lining up with $ 20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog .
“ Realistically if we were just putting up a number and did n't have to take bets on it , Floyd would be 100-1 , ” said Nick Bogdanovich , oddsmaker for the William Hill chain .
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced , training intensely already like he always does . Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while he focuses on the task at hand .
There 's huge money at stake , even for a fighter who made more than $ 200 million for beating Pacquiao . No one is making predictions , but it 's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $ 400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight .
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin his brand — and that of the UFC — by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring , and the money wins out .
Even White , who was initially skeptical about putting his star in a boxing match , seems ready now to push the idea that he could actually win .
“ I 've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago , ” White said . “ The reason he 's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone , anywhere , at any time . ”
Give McGregor credit for doing that , but give him even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen . It was two years ago that he first suggested he could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring , and he 's trolled Mayweather ever since , jabbing at every opening until he finally got him to sign on the dotted line .
Sure , it 's a freak show of sorts , bordering on something you see in WWE . But both fighters know their roles , and they will play them well .
So enjoy the ride , because it should be a wild one .
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings .
___
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press . Write to him at tdahlberg @ ap.org or http : twitter.com//timdahlberg
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Neymar is planning to throw a huge party to celebrate turning 26 .
The Brazilian 's birthday is on Monday but he will host 50 guests on Sunday evening , the day after Paris Saint-Germain 's clash with Lille .
According to AS , Neymar will fly 50 guests over from Brazil for the party - and will also pay for their accomodation .
( Image : REUTERS )
As well as his family , there will be TV personalities , poker players and stars of Brazil 's edition of reality show Big Brother .
The party will take place in a Parisian restaurant with men required to wear a tuxedo while the ladies have been asked to wear long dresses .
Neymar 's former Barcelona teammates wo n't be present as they take on Espanyol on Sunday .
The forward joined PSG in a stunning £200million deal last summer .
( Image : AFP )
But that has not stopped rumours that he will look to move on again this year , with Real Madrid touted as his most likely destination .
The player insisted last week however that he is happy in the French capital .
`` I 'm happy here , '' he told L'Equipe . “ I came here to create history , give my best and score a lot of goals . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Viewers of This Morning have slammed the show for including segments which discuss lavish pet grooming and expensive baby gifts in time for the Royal baby - but it was Georgia ' Toff ' Toffolo which really got their goat .
The Made In Chelsea star has been sent to do some strange tasks which are expected to challenge her posh sensibilities , such as working a refuse facility .
But today 's segment , which followed an interview with a self-confessed `` Persian Kardashian '' who moved in with a family on the breadline , meant people were up in arms as they felt the show was 'patronising working class people . '
( Image : ITV )
Toff was first seen in a very fancy hotel , where she was given gifts of three boxes so she could work out where she would be sent .
It would be KFC , and she said she was 'well up for the challenge . '
So as she prepared herself to get acquainted with the deep fat fryer , she changed into uniform , donned the hair net , and went into the kitchen .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
She was seen coating chicken with the batter , popping things into the fryer and serving at the till .
At one point the 'm A Celeb winner even asked the manager how he gets the smell of chicken and fried food out of his clothes and hair before going out in the evening .
He told her that of course , it was just a shower with shampoo that does the trick .
( Image : ITV )
Fans could n't believe that Toff was being such a 'snob ' and that the show should not have been including all of the segments together .
The other segments which got fans talking were when a cast member of Rich Kids Go Skint on 5STAR discussed doing the washing up for the first time , when hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield checked out a £1,600 pram among Royal baby gifts , and a segment about expensive pet grooming .
This Morning airs from 10.30am weekdays on ITV .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A driver had taken cocaine when he ran over a drunk teenager lying in the road after he mistook her for a discarded bag , a court heard .
Liam Flaherty fatally hit 19-year-old Ayesha Rahman as she lay down late at night in 2015 .
The 35-year-old at first thought her prostrate body was a bag but realised too late it was a person .
He was unable to swerve enough to avoid her , Manchester 's Minshull Street Crown Court heard on Monday .
Ayesha suffered serious head and chest injuries in the crash in Gatley , Greater Manchester , and later died in hospital .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
Flaherty , of Knutsford , Cheshire , was within the speed limit and stopped at the scene , but was found to have a small amount of cocaine in his system , the Manchester Evening News reports
He was sentenced on Monday after pleading guilty to causing death by careless driving while over the prescribed drugs limit and driving under the influence of drugs .
But a 16-month jail term was suspended for two years .
The court heard Flaherty is serving a term of five years and one month handed to him in Spain for drugs offences last year .
( Image : MEN/ WS )
No more details of the Spanish prosecution were given .
He will now be returned to Spain and extradited back to the UK upon completing his prison sentence .
Following her death , Ayesha 's friends paid tribute to her describing her as ‘ clever , arty and beautiful ' .
Her friends had dropped her off following a trip out into Manchester and although she was ‘ very drunk ' they thought she had got home safely .
But she was later seen walking in the middle of the road and refused help when a passerby asked if she was alright . She then lay down on the road .
( Image : MEN/ WS )
Prosecuting , Charlotte Crangle said : “ We ca n't say what caused her to be in the middle of the road .
“ People at the scene , including the defendant , said he had clipped her and tried to avoid her .
“ ( Her mum ) was able to see her in hospital and be with her daughter when she passed away . ”
The collision happened on July 20 , 2015 , at around 11.30pm .
It was said a fragment of Ayesha 's jacket had been found in the wheels of Flaherty 's car .
And that the streetlights the road were obscured by trees in places .
Defending , Stuart Duke said his client had identified a hazard in the road but not realised it was a human .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He said : “ This is a sad case . No one will know how she came to be lying in the road on that fateful evening . The defendant says not a day goes by without him thinking about Ayesha .
“ He expresses remorse and regret , he accepts if he had paid more attention he would n't be standing here today .
“ He apologises , no sentence will take away the events of that night . ”
Mr Duke asked because of Flaherty 's ‘ unusual and unique circumstances ' if his jail sentence could be suspended .
In agreeing , Judge Maurice Greene said : “ The facts themselves are highly unusual as she was already in the road and you had little time to react . ”
Flaherty told police he had taken cocaine the day before the collision . He was also given a three-year driving ban .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Doctor Foster actress Sara Stewart has told how a family friend tried to sexually abuse her when she was a child .
The star , 51 , spoke out in support of the # MeToo campaign as she revealed her ordeal at the age of 12 .
Sara said : “ We had a guest staying who tried to persuade me to go into my mother 's bedroom with him .
“ He was quite persistent about it , slobbering all over me and groping me .
“ When I told my mother , the reaction was , ‘ He did n't hurt you did he ? Do n't tell your dad , he would n't understand ' .
“ He was a family friend and continued to be a family friend . We all sat around the dinner table that night . ”
( Image : PA )
Edinburgh-born Sara , who played Susie Parks in hit BBC drama Doctor Foster , also said a man tried to grab her off the street six months before that incident .
She continued : “ He exposed himself to me and then he picked me up off the ground with his hand between my legs and started to drag me off . He was reported to the police . ”
The actress said it affected her future dealings with men , explaining : “ I was deeply suspicious of men and I would make sure I was n't left on my own with one . ”
Sara is currently starring in play Collective Rage at Southwark Playhouse , London , until February 17 .
She said : “ It 's a celebration of women 's sexuality .
“ I get to kiss a beautiful woman for the first time . ”
New Delhi , 02 July 2018 : In what can be called as a proud moment for the Indian medical fraternity , Padma Shri Awardee , Dr K K Aggarwal , the President of HCFI , has been accorded a mention by The Economic Times in a publication titled Inspiring Cardiologists of India . Apart from describing his multifarious achievements , the publication has given him the moniker ‘ Doctor with a stethoscope ' .
Dr Aggarwal was also acknowledged for his contribution to medicine by the Delhi Medical Association on Doctor 's Day which falls on 1st July every year . Apart from being a renowned cardiologist , Dr Aggarwal was instrumental in the genesis of The Sameer Malik Heart Care Foundation Fund . He also started a Grievance Cell at HCFI to address public concerns on heart health .
Speaking about this , Dr Aggarwal , who is also the Vice President of CMAAO , said , “ I am thankful to both ET and DMA for having bestowed this recognition to me . I truly consider this as another opportunity to move forward in my pursuit for working towards developing sustainable modules for affordable health care in the country , which is an urgent need of the hour . For me , the fact that we prefix ‘ Dr ' before our names and being given the nickname of ‘ Doctor with a stethoscope ' is a sign that I am different . Doctor 's Day and these recognitions point to only one purpose – that of working on the principles of beneficence and non-maleficence . Apart from this , it is also a sound reminder that we shall always be available to take care of people 's sufferings . We doctors are eternally committed to this . ”
Among his major achievements include successfully training 105,293 members of the public in Hands-only CPR 10 . For this feat , Dr Aggarwal found a place in the Limca Book of World Records in three distinct categories .
Adding further , Dr Aggarwal , said , “ A trained qualified medical doctor who has his understanding based on the mind , body and soul has nearly similar characteristics to that of God . He overcome miseries as soon as he touches the patient , gives immediate relief which starts at the time he gives a healing touch to the patient . A person who has achieved sainthood , who sees the same consciousness in everybody , treats individuals without caste , creed and religion and who overcome miseries of people irrespective of their age , status or paying capacity is God . Doctors fulfil these criteria as they have a duty to heal the sick irrespective of their caste , creed , race or financial status . ”
Even the MCI Code of Ethics has said , “ The prime object of the medical profession is to render service to humanity ; reward or financial gain is a subordinate consideration ( 1.1.2 ) . ” The MCI Declaration , which a doctor is required to sign at the time of registration , also says “ I will not permit considerations of religion , nationality , race , party politics or social standing to intervene between my duty and my patient ( d ) . ” Today with evidence-based medicine being the norm , mental and spiritual health has taken a backseat . This may be one reason why doctors are losing the status of God , which they were accorded since Vedic times . However , we should remember that doctors are messengers of God to remove miseries of the sick individuals and so should always act in the best interests of the patient .
“ You did remember to get that extension on your taxes , right Susan ? ”
Sensing its owner was getting stressed out by an assignment , this bearded dragon felt the need to go into assist mode and offer its services .
After making the effort to crawl on the laptop to get a better view of what they 're working with , imagine the lizard 's surprise at finding out his help was n't needed ! Looks like this reptile will be taking its services elsewhere !
Yes , the term instant classic is overused . Just not in this case .
After squandering an early 17-point lead , the Ridgefield High football team recovered to beat host Staples , 24-20 , on Friday night in Westport . The Tigers , who improved to 3-1 , scored the winning touchdown on Greg Gatto 's pass to Luke Gaydos with under two minutes remaining .
Playing in front of a boisterous Homecoming crowd , Staples went ahead for the first time on its opening drive of the fourth quarter . Harris Levi capped the march with a 10-yard touchdown run that gave the Wreckers a 20-17 lead with 7:45 left in the third quarter .
Ridgefield got down to the Staples 15-yard line late in the third quarter , but Gatto lofted a 50-50 ball into the corner of the end zone that was intercepted by Jake Thaw .
Staples then put together a time-consuming possession before Ridgefield got a stop and took over on its own 35 with 3:43 to play .
On what may yet prove to be the defining drive of the season , Gatto led the Tigers down the field . He hit Evan Wein on a curl route for eight yards and then connected with Wein on another completion to get the ball past midfield . From the Staples 42-yard line , Gatto fired a crisp pass to Wein on the sideline in front of the Ridgefield bench . Wein slipped away from a tackle and sprinted down to the Wreckers ' 11-yard line .
Gatto called his own number and ran up the middle for a 10-yard gain that put the Tigers inside the Staples one-yard line . A stuffed a run play and an incomplete pass left Ridgefield with a third-and-goal from the one . Out of the shotgun , Gatto threw a floating pass to wide receiver Gaydos on a left cut just outside of the end zone . Gaydos made the extra effort and got into the end zone , giving the Tigers a 24-20 lead ( after Harry Woodger 's extra point ) with 1:42 left in the game .
“ Coach isolated me one-on-one on the backside , and Greg ( Gatto ) threw me a perfect ball and I was able to make it happen , ” said Gaydos about the touchdown .
Staples rendered the final moments interesting . The Wreckers reached the Ridgefield 25-yard line with 43 seconds left , but on a fourth-and-six play quarterback David Thompson tried to run for the first down and was stopped well short by linebacker Alex Cali and defensive end Jason Donovan . That turned the ball over to Ridgefield , and Gatto and the offense ran out the clock .
The first quarter was all Ridgefield . On their opening possession , the Tigers used a few pass-interference penalties to move deep into Staples territory before settling for Woodger 's 26-yard field goal and a 3-0 lead .
Ridgefield 's defense suffocated the Staples option offense , forcing a quick punt . Gatto then put on a clinic during the ensuing Ridgefield drive . On the opening play , he threw a perfectly placed pass that Wein hauled in for a 49-yard gain to the Wreckers ' 27 .
Two plays later , Gatto hit Wein up the middle to the five-yard line . On third and goal from the four , Staples blitzed Gatto , who avoided the sack and fired the ball into the hands of standout junior wide receiver Jackson Mitchell on a right-slant whip for the touchdown . Woodger 's extra point put Ridgefield in front , 10-0 , with 4:44 left in the half .
Following a short Staples punt , the Tigers took over at the Wreckers ' 40-yard line with 2:32 left in the quarter . On second and six , Gatto hit Gaydos , who crept up against the left sideline but stayed inbounds for a 16-yard gain
Just 10 yards away from the end zone , Gatto showed off his athleticism by running the ball himself on back-to-back plays , scoring from the three-yard line on the second carry . Woodger 's extra point made it 17-0 with 45 seconds remaining in the opening period .
With the game trending in the same direction as Ridgefield 's 42-7 blowout victory over the Wreckers last season , Staples fought back . A 46-yard completion from Thompson to Kevin Rabacs set up Levi 's four-yard touchdown run and got the Wreckers on the board . Ridgefield did deny the two-point conversion attempt , leaving its lead at 17-6 .
Jack Beck 's interception ended the next Ridgefield drive , and Staples took advantage , as Thompson found a wide-open Rabacs for a 72-yard touchdown pass off a double-reverse play that was nearly bungled in the backfield . The score narrowed the Tigers ' lead to 17-13 with 1:48 left in the half .
“ Seeing them run that trick play just let us know that we were doing our jobs , ” said Ridgefield senior Noah Isaacson , who teamed with fellow linebackers Connor Goff and Cali for a host of big plays . “ Obviously we would 've rather shut down that play , but the fact that they had to go deep into the playbook and shift gears to try to beat us is a testament to our defense and the preparation our coaches gave us for this game . ”
Staples maintained the momentum by scoring on its first drive of the third quarter to take a three-point lead . But Gatto and the Tigers had an answer that produced a memorable road win .
“ We were able to prove tonight that we can bounce back from negative plays and keep our composure , ” said Gatto . “ We made a lot of gutsy plays and stayed together as a group . ”
Energy Assistant Secretary Leonido Pulido III says that 'based on the increase in the existing tax law , there should be no immediate need to raise PUV fares '
Published 11:02 PM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines— The commuting public can rest easy knowing that fares would possibly not go up , at least in the near future .
The Department of Energy ( DOE ) said that public utility vehicle ( PUV ) fares do n't need to be raised despite the increase in the price of fuel due to the tax reform law .
Filipino motorists began paying more for fuel at the beginning of this year chiefly because of the higher excise tax rates imposed on oil , as part of the the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion ( Train ) Law .
`` We believe that based on the increase in the existing tax law , there should be no immediate need to raise PUV fares , '' DOE Assistant Secretary Leonido Pulido III said in a briefing .
The DOE argued that the Train law has a built-in mitigating mechanism to soften the impact of the increase on oil prices on PUV drivers .
Pulido noted that a draft of the implementing rules and regulations ( IRR ) of the mechanism has already been created . `` We are just waiting for the government agencies to come up with the inputs , '' he explained .
The IRR should be published within 60 days of the effectivity of the Train law , or from January 1 , 2018 .
To further soften the impact for PUV drivers , the DOE is also in talks with private oil companies to provide , renew , or expand the discounts they give for oil to PUV drivers as part of a government-sponsored corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) program .
Pulido pointed out that there are already CSR programs where oil firms are giving discounts ranging from P0.50 to P1 per liter for fuel to PUV drivers .
`` We want to expand it further and increase [ the discounts ] if possible . There are 1,000 gas stations involved and we are looking at to increase that number , '' he said .
Finally , the DOE noted that a similar situation happened in 2014 when the price of diesel – used by the majority of jeepneys – kicked up to P46.96 , but the price of fares did not go up .
The DOE added that correlated data between 2014 and 2016 showed that the increase in the price of oil did not have a significant impact on the transport fares or on rice , another consumer staple .
`` I think the logic there was that there were already mitigating mechanism given by the government as well as discounts given by oil companies to PUV drivers , '' Pulido said .
Preventing unscrupulous activities
The DOE also noted it has taken `` all available and necessary steps to ensure that the Train law is implemented properly . ''
Under a DOE directive , oil firms were told to impose excise tax rates under Train only when the stocks of finished oil products had been fully exhausted by the projected date of January 15 .
Pulido said that the government agency had been continuously monitoring the industry to ensure this , and had responded to reports of some early implementations of the Train law by some gas stations .
The DOE estimated that these practices could have resulted in P2.649 billion worth of petroleum gas and P58.4 million for liquid petroleum gas ( LPG ) in taxes being improperly collected .
`` To emphasize , the DOE has saved the consuming public approximately P2.7 billion pesos in what could have been improperly collected rates , '' Pulido said .
The DOE offical added that the agency also issued show cause orders to 22 gas and LPG retailers for implementing the tax early , which include both large and small oil firms . – Rappler.com
.
photo credit : Ron Olds
In dramatic fashion Kyle Larson picked his up his third consecutive win at Michigan Speedway today during the Pure Michigan 400 . Bill Elliott holds the record for consecutive wins at Michigan with four straight from 1985-86 . 7 years before the 25 year old Larson was born . As the race was nearing the finish , a spin by Michael McDowell dropped oil on the racing surface forcing NASCAR to throw the red flag halting racing action for clean up and forcing overtime .
The restart would pit Martin Truex series point leader on the point with teammate Eric Jones who is looking for his first W on the inside . Larson outside row 2 , and Matt Kenseth who needs a win to advance to the playoff round on the inside . When the green flag dropped Larson would stick the nose of the # 42 Target Chevy between Truex and Jones making it three wide racing into turn one , Larson would power through to take the lead and victory .
During the after race interview Larson said , ” I felt like I was going to win when I woke up this morning , and then we got to the midpoint of the race , and I 'm like , ‘ Man , I do n't think I 'm going to win now . ' We just kept fighting and got it done . ”
Martin Truex Jr had this to say about the final restart , “ We got beat fair and square , ” . “ The double-file restarts are tricky , and sometimes you do them right , sometimes you screw them up , and unfortunately I screwed the one up that mattered the most today . ”
MONSTER ENERGY NASCAR CUP SERIES AT MICHIGAN
Pure Michihigan 400
unofficial results
1 – Kyle Larson
2 – Martin Truex Jr
3 – Erik Jones
4 – Ryan Newman
5 – Trevor Bayne
6 – Chris Buescher
7 – Austin Dillon
8 – Chase Elliott
9 – Jamie McMurray
10 – Kyle Busch
11 – Kurt Busch
12 – Aric Almirola
13 – Kevin Harvick
14 – Dale Earnhardt Jr
15 – Ryan Blaney
16 – Denny Hamlin
17 – Brad Keselowski
18 – Ricky Stenhouse Jr
19 – Jimmie Johnson
20 – AJ Allmendinger
21 – Ty Dillon
22 – Danica Patrick
23 – Clint Bowyer
24 – Matt Kenseth
25 – Landon Cassill
26 – Matt DiBenedetto
27 – Michael McDowell
28 – Joey Logano
29 – Cole Whitt
30 – David Ragan
31 – Corey Lajoie
32 – Brett Moffitt
33 – Reed Sorenson
34 – Paul Menard
35 – Jeffrey Earnhardt
36 – BJ McLeod
37 – Daniel Suarez
38 – Kasey Kahne
39 -Derrike Cope
.
News in brief : Hollywood fights piracy ; Covfefe not a typo ; Kim Dotcom loses
About the author Naked Security writer
Herbs and spices represents a traditional history in the culinary industry . Species forms an essential ingredient in the food preparation due to their flavour offerings . Moreover , species also finds extensive use in medical preparation due to various health benefits . Among species , pepper is one of the most commonly used species . Of the two pepper forms black and pepper , the source is same but they are processed differently . White pepper is prepared from the inner part of the seed before or after drying process and eliminating the outer layer of the seed . The characteristic pungency and aroma of white pepper is mainly due to two components namely , the essential oil and pungent compound known as piperine . White pepper offers extensive application in food and beverages industry along with nutraceutical due to various health benefits . Due to its essential oil components , it is also widely used in flavour and fragrances industry .
Global White Pepper Market : Drivers and Restraints
The growth of the white pepper market is attributed to its characteristic aroma and pungency leading to its applicability in various segments . Moreover , white pepper helps to impart earthiness to the food preparation and adds subtle favour to the food . Hence , is becoming preferred choice among chefs over the black pepper . Along with culinary benefits , white pepper offers a broad range of health benefits such as it helps in reducing the risk of cancer , enhances proper digestion due to increased hydrochloric acid secretion and significant amount of fibrous content and provides antioxidant effect . Thereby , propelling the growth of white pepper market in nutraceutical industry . As white pepper is naturally derived ingredient , it also finds its applicability in form of natural flavour enhancer . Thereby , driving the growth of white pepper market .
Request Sample Report @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-240
However , the piperine component of white pepper tends to interfere with the bioavailability of certain drugs and reducing their efficacy . Thereby , hindering the growth of white pepper market . Although , research is being carried out to validate this effect of piperine . The white pepper may also cause certain side effects such as may cause skin rash when applied directly on skin , may prove to be fatal if ingested into lungs and have burning sensation aftertaste . Moreover , fluctuating pricing behaviour has greatly influenced the manufacturing sector of white pepper . Thereby , hampering the growth of white pepper market .
Global White Pepper Market : Segmentation
On the basis of end-use , white pepper market is segmented into : -
Food & Beverages
Nutraceuticals
On the basis of source , white pepper market is segmented into : -
Natural
Organic
Global White Pepper Market : Region wise Outlook
The global white pepper market is categorised into seven regions , namely , Western Europe , Eastern Europe Middle East and Africa ( MEA ) , Asia Pacific excluding Japan ( APEJ ) , Japan , Latin America and North America . Over the past year , white pepper market is experiencing fluctuating conditions with aspect to cultivation , export and production . However , with stability in the overall global , economy the pepper market has started gaining momentum over the recent times . Vietnam and Indonesia accounts for largest share of white pepper market , where Vietnam holds the largest share in terms of producer and exporter and Indonesia holds significant crop yield . Other dominating countries among APEJ being India and Sri Lanka . The second prominent region to record growth in the white pepper market is Latin America , in which Brazil accounts for significant crop production .
Request Report toc @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-240
Global White Pepper Market : Key Players
Some of the prominent players identified in the global white pepper market includes :
United Spice Co.Ltd
McCormick & Company , Inc .
Akay Spices Pvt . Ltd .
The British Pepper & Spice Company Limited
MDH Pvt . Ltd .
Hexa Food Sdn.Bhd .
Maxrotth Global Foods Pvt Ltd
Vitagreen Products Pvt . Ltd .
Member for George Town Central Kenneth Bryan says he is happy that his motion to make an amendment to the Pensions Bill was passed last week .
The motion was seeking to the increase withdrawal limits from private pensions . Government amended the motion which was originally seeking to allow withdrawals of $ 100,000 for the purpose of saving homes from foreclosures . They agreed to allow eligible individuals to be able to take up to $ 50,000 from their private pensions to help prevent foreclosures on their mortgages .
Couples are allowed to withdraw up to $ 100,000 for the same purpose . The passage of the motion now allows the discussion to proceed in the Legislative Assembly on changes to the law .
“ Right now we are having a bit of crisis with regard to foreclosures . This may be the one little area that can help persons who find themselves in foreclosure , or threatening to be foreclosed on . If they have those monies in their private pensions they can withdraw up to $ 50,000 per person or if it 's a couple together , they can withdraw up to $ 100,000 to pay off their mortgage , ” Mr. Bryan said .
Mr. Bryan said he will introduce more motions connected with foreclosures in the future , including the evaluation of properties and the balance of power between the homeowner and the lending agency .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
© Aziz Taher / Reuters
Lebanese Hezbollah will work with its allies to create a strategy `` in the field '' to confront Israel , the group 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah , said , calling again for a third Palestinian intifada ( uprising ) , during a rally in Beirut on Monday.Nasrallah said , as cited by Reuters.Speaking by video-link at a rally attended by tens of thousands in Hezbollah 's stronghold in southern Beirut , According to Nasrallah , Hezbollah 's regional victories - the Iran-backed group played a key role in ground operations against Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIS ) in Syria - will allow it to renew its focus on Palestine.Demonstrators marched through the group 's Beirut stronghold carrying banners reading `` Jerusalem , Eternal Capital of Palestine '' and `` Jerusalem is Ours '' .Last week , President Donald Trump officially recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and said he would move the US embassy there , sparking fury and condemnation from Arab states as well as from Washington 's European allies.The Beirut rally took place on the day after a violent protest outside the Lebanon 's US Embassy.Last week , Nasrallah called for an `` Islamic summit that would declare Jerusalem as the eternal capital of Palestine . `` `` We support the call for a new Palestinian intifada and escalating the resistance which is the biggest , most important and gravest response to the American decision , '' he added , as quoted by Lebanon 's Naharnet TV.Israel has waged two wars against Hezbollah , with the most recent conflict , in 2006 , killing more than a thousand Lebanese civilians . Hezbollah convoys inside Syria have also been frequent targets of Israeli airstrikes .
CLOSE Ed Stack celebrates the opening of the Dick 's Distribution Center in Conklin on Jan 25 , 2018 . Jeff Platsky / Staff video
Dick 's Sporting Goods in Vestal , New York . ( Photo : File photo )
If the gun crowd is avoiding Dick 's Sporting Goods because of its newly enacted corporate policies restricting some sales , it is n't showing in the bottom line .
First-quarter earnings and sales were higher , defying the predictions of gun rights advocates who said the company would lose significant business from its decision to ban sales of assault-style weapons and enacting a policy requiring gun buyers to be at least 21 years old . The company also hired a Washington , D.C. , lobbyist to push for a federal assault weapons ban .
Based on the results , Dick 's shares surged in early Wednesday trading , up 24 percent to $ 37.95 .
More : MEMORIAL DAY SALE : Get breaking news with pressconnects ' special deal for new subscribers
Even Chief Executive Ed Stack was unsure in February how the new policies would affect sales , but warned that some buyers could avoid the store for outdoor and other equipment in the wake of its widely publicized action following the school shootings in Parkland , Florida .
In comments on an earnings conference call , Stack said benefits outweighed the drawbacks . Indeed , hunting sales declined at the stores , but other shoppers who are supporters of the policy have become customers .
`` There 's definitely been some benefits from people who have joined us because of the policy , '' Stack said .
More : Dick 's Sporting Goods wo n't sell assault weapons after Parkland shooting , says CEO Ed Stack
More : Dick 's Sporting Goods CEO Ed Stack : 'We 're going to be a winner '
More : Conklin center plays large role in Dick 's online growth strategy
Net income in the first quarter was up 3 percent on a 5 percent increase in sales , the company reported on Wednesday .
`` Our strong first-quarter earnings reflect improved execution against our merchandising strategy , which results in higher merchandise margins , '' Stack said in a prepared release . `` Product newness , strength in our private brands and a more refined assortment led to a much healthier business , with fewer promotions and cleaner inventory throughout the quarter . ''
The better results come even as others predicted Dick 's , which started as a single store on Binghamton 's East Side in 1948 , would continue to suffer under pressure from online retailing behemoth Amazon .
The company said online sales increased by 24 percent in the first quarter as it recently realigned its online strategy , bringing the operation in-house after dispatching that segment to a third party for several years . In the first quarter , online sales accounted for 11 percent of overall sales , mainly in footwear and apparel , up from 9 percent a year ago .
In that effort , Dick 's announced last year it would expand its newly opened distribution center in Conklin to 930,000 square feet from its initial 630,000-square-foot footprint as the facility becomes a main cog in the online business .
First-quarter net income was $ 60.1 million , 59 cents a share , on sales of $ 1.9 billion , compared with net income of $ 58.2 million , 52 cents a share , on sales of $ 1.8 billion for the same period one year ago .
Same-store sales — sales at stores open for more than a year and a key measure of retailing health — fell by 2.5 percent compared to the same period one year ago .
The results topped Wall Street expectations . The average estimate of 12 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 42 cents per share .
Eight analysts surveyed by Zacks expected first quarter sales of $ 1.88 billion .
Dick 's expects full-year earnings to be $ 2.92 to $ 3.12 per share .
The company opened eight new stores in the first quarter , compared to not a single new store opening in the fourth quarter and 25 new stores in the first quarter of 2017 . The Pittsburgh-based company now was 724 stores operating under the Dick 's brand and 129 stores operating under the Field & Stream and Golf Galaxy brands , with total retail space of 42.1 million square feet .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Follow Jeff Platsky on Twitter @ JeffPlatsky
Read or Share this story : https : //press.sn/2xpRnJd
FILE PHOTO : Warren Buffett , chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway , smiles before speaking with Bill Gates ( not pictured ) , at Columbia University in New York , U.S. , January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo
Warren Buffett , the chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc , will this weekend welcome thousands of people from around the world to Omaha , Nebraska , for the conglomerate 's annual shareholder gathering , the largest in corporate America .
The three-day weekend , which Buffett calls `` Woodstock for Capitalists , '' includes shopping discounts , a five-kilometre run , a cocktail reception that consumes a shopping mall , and Berkshire 's annual meeting on May 6 . The meeting will be webcast on Yahoo Finance , in English and Mandarin .
BERKSHIRE INFORMATION
-Net income : $ 24.07 billion ( 2016 )
-Operating income : $ 17.58 billion ( 2016 )
-Revenue : $ 223.60 billion ( 2016 )
-Cash , equivalents and Treasury bills : $ 86.4 billion as of Dec. 31 , 2016
-Market value : nearly $ 410 billion as of May 2 , 2017
-Stock price : $ 249,000 per Class A share as of May 2 , 2017 , roughly 6.5 percent below its $ 266,390 peak two months earlier . The more widely-held Class B shares are worth about 1/1,500th as much .
-Compounded annual changes from 1965-2016 :
-Book value per share : 19.0 percent
-Stock price : 20.8 percent
-S & P 500 including dividends : 9.7 percent ( pre-tax )
-Float ( insurance premiums collected before claims are paid , which helps fund investments ) : $ 91.6 billion as of year-end
-Major stock investments : American Express , Apple , Coca-Cola , IBM , Kraft Heinz , Wells Fargo . Berkshire has also taken big stakes in the four largest U.S. airlines : American , Delta , Southwest and United Continental . It also has a roughly $ 11.5 billion paper gain from warrants in Bank of America .
-Selected business units : Benjamin Moore , Berkshire Hathaway Automotive , Berkshire Hathaway Energy , Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance , BNSF , Borsheim 's Fine Jewelry , Brooks , Business Wire , Clayton Homes , Duracell , Fruit of the Loom , Geico , General Re , HomeServices of America , IMC International Metalworking , International Dairy Queen , Johns Manville , Lubrizol , Marmon , McLane , National Indemnity , Nebraska Furniture Mart , NetJets , Pampered Chef , Precision Castparts , See 's Candies .
-Last major acquisition : Precision Castparts , January 2016
-Selected acquisitions ( larger amounts rounded to the nearest a billion ) : Geico , $ 2.3 billion ( 1996 ) ; Dairy Queen , $ 590 million ( 1998 ) ; General Re , $ 16 billion ( 1998 ) ; NetJets , $ 725 million ( 1998 ) ; Clayton Homes , $ 1.7 billion ( 2003 ) ; PacifiCorp , $ 5 billion ( 2006 ) ; Marmon , $ 4.5 billion ( 2008 ) ; Burlington Northern Santa Fe , $ 27 billion ( 2010 ) ; Lubrizol , $ 9 billion ( 2011 ) ; NV Energy , $ 6 billion ( 2013 ) ; H.J . Heinz , $ 12 billion ( majority stake , 2013 ) ; Van Tuyl , $ 4.1 billion ( 2015 ) ; Precision Castparts , $ 32 billion ( 2016 ) . ( Sources : Barclays Capital , Berkshire )
-A failed acquisition : Dexter Shoe , $ 434 million ( 1993 ) ( Buffett says he used Berkshire stock now worth roughly $ 6.3 billion to buy a business whose value `` promptly went to zero '' )
-Employees at year end : 367,671
-Employees in main office : 25 , including Buffett
-Succession : Buffett , 86 , and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger , 93 , have not publicly signalled any plans to retire . Buffett has said Berkshire 's board has a succession plan it could implement in fewer than 24 hours .
-Potential successors : Investors view Berkshire insurance executive Ajit Jain and Berkshire Hathaway Energy chief Gregory Abel as top candidates to become chief executive . BNSF Chairman Matthew Rose is also a potential candidate . Buffett 's investing lieutenants Todd Combs and Ted Weschler , who together recently managed $ 21 billion , may take over as chief investment officer . Buffett 's eldest son Howard is expected to become non-executive chairman , and work to preserve Berkshire 's culture . Buffett protégé Tracy Britt Cool , 32 , chairs several Berkshire units and is chief executive of Pampered Chef .
ATTENDANCE AT BERKSHIRE ANNUAL MEETINGS
1965 : 12
1979 : about 24
1986 : 1,000
1995 : 4,100
1997 : 7,700
2000 : 13,000
2005 : 21,000
2015 : 40,000+
2016 : 37,000 ( meeting was webcast for first time ; 1.1 million unique online visits were logged in real time )
( Sources : Omaha World-Herald , Berkshire , Reuters )
FACTS ABOUT WARREN BUFFETT
Birth date : August 30 , 1930
Education : University of Nebraska-Lincoln , Columbia Business School
Net worth : $ 74.3 billion on May 2 , 2017 , ranking fourth worldwide . Bill Gates , the Microsoft Corp co-founder and a Berkshire director since 2004 , ranked first . ( Source : Forbes )
Berkshire ownership stake : 17.9 percent as of March 17 , 2017
Berkshire voting power : 32.7 percent as of March 17 , 2017
Annual salary at Berkshire : $ 100,000
Buffett 's takeover of Berkshire : Buffett planned in 1965 to sell back his shares in Berkshire , then a struggling textile company , for $ 11.50 each . But he got angry when the term sheet showed a price of just $ 11.375 per share . Buffett instead bought all the shares he could , and took control on May 10 , 1965 . The textile business closed in 1985 .
Year when Buffett met Charlie Munger : 1959
Munger 's influence : Though Buffett and Munger admire famed investor Benjamin Graham , Buffett has credited Munger with pushing him to focus on buying wonderful companies at fair prices , rather than fair companies at wonderful prices .
Famous Buffett quotation : `` Lose money for the firm , and I will be understanding . Lose a shred of reputation for the firm , and I will be ruthless . '' - Sept. 4 , 1991 Congressional testimony about Salomon Inc , where Buffett became interim chairman to restore order after a Treasury auction bidding scandal .
Current wife : Astrid Menks , married on August 30 , 2006
First wife : Susan , who died in 2004
Children : Susan , Howard and Peter
Philanthropy : Buffett has since 2006 donated more than $ 24.3 billion to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and four family charities , after pledging 85 percent of his net worth to them . His Berkshire stock will go to philanthropy after he dies .
Home : Has lived in the same house since 1958 . The 96-year-old , 10-room , five-bedroom , 2-1/2-bath home on 0.72 acres was assessed at $ 730,800 in 2017 . ( Source : Douglas County , Nebraska )
Food preferences : Steak , hamburger , Cherry Coke , See 's fudge and peanut brittle .
Percentage of caloric intake from Coke products : 25 .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Editing by Nick Zieminski )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Queen has offered her `` thoughts and prayers '' to the families of Grenfell Tower victims .
The monarch also paid tribute to firefighters and community volunteers who have been helping the community .
The Queen said : `` My thoughts and prayers are with those families who have lost loved ones in the Grenfell Tower fire and the many people who are still critically ill in hospital .
`` Prince Philip and I would like to pay tribute to the bravery of firefighters and other emergency services officers who put their own lives at risk to save others .
`` It is also heartening to see the incredible generosity of community volunteers rallying to help those affected by this terrible event . ''
( Photo : REUTERS )
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry also donated to a campaign that 's raising money for the fire survivors .
The royals have made a donation to the Evening Standard Dispossessed Fund .
So far more than £1m has been raised in a number of appeals .
( Photo : PA )
London Fire Brigade earlier confirmed no more survivors are expected to be found in Grenfell Tower .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : David Parker/Daily Mirror )
London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton said it would be a “ miracle ” to find anyone still alive in the charred tower block .
She told reporters there are still “ unknown numbers of people ” still inside the building .
Ms Cotton said : `` Sadly we do anticipate the death toll will rise - we have n't done our searches of the top floors yet . ''
The recovery operation is expected to take days to complete .
Once it is safe for crews , a fingertip search of the tower will begin .
She also said the authorities 'genuinely do n't know ' how many victims died in building blaze .
So far the death toll is at 12 , but the authorities have said they expect this figure to rise .
( Photo : BBC )
( Photo : EPA )
A firefighter who battled the inferno has made a grim prediction after he only made it to the 10th floor .
Terry , firefighter for more than 20 years , revealed the harrowing scenes that he saw inside the tower block .
He told LBC it was the biggest fire London has seen since the Blitz , adding : “ I only went as far as the 10th floor . What we saw , that [ death ] toll is going to rise .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : AFP )
“ No matter what plan you had to deal with that sort of fire , that plan was going to fall down . It was just like those images of 9/11 .
`` The amount of kit that this job has absorbed from the London Fire Brigade is unbelievable . It 's like a warzone . ”
He said firefighters ran a “ gauntlet ” of flaming debris as it rained down on top of them and rescued many people from the stairwells .
The London Fire Brigade 's latest statement said firefighters worked with the gas authority to isolate a ruptured gas main in the block .
Once that work was completed crews were able to extinguish the fire using a 40-metre ( 131ft ) aerial platform brought in by Surrey Fire and Rescue Service .
The fire was under control by 1.14am , just over 24 hours after it was reported .
The statement added : “ Firefighters will be at the scene throughout today , with around 60 firefighters and eight fire engines and other specialist resources still in attendance .
“ Our Urban Search and Rescue teams will also be working with local authority contractors to shore up the building to make it safe to continue with the next phase of the operation .
“ The cause of the fire is not known at this stage and will be the subject of an thorough investigation . ”
Labour MP David Lammy has labelled the fire “ corporate manslaughter ” as he called for arrests to be made .
His friend , artist Khadija Saye , 24 , is missing , along with her mother Mary Mendy .
Mr Lammy described the fire as an “ outrage ” , telling BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : “ This is the richest borough in our country treating its citizens in this way .
“ We should call it what it is , it 's corporate manslaughter , that 's what it is and there should be arrests made , frankly . ”
Hundreds gathered on local curbs and porches Wednesday morning for the annual The Smyrna-Clayton Fourth of July Parade . Adam Duvernay/ The News Journal
ROCHELLE 'S RECIPES
DRIZZLE ME THIS BALSAMIC POPCORN
SPICY TOMATO PESTO SOUP WITH GRILLED CHEESE DIPPING STICKS
Windy City Live 's `` In the Kitchen '' segment challenges cooks of all walks of life to create a dish using ingredients provided by Alessi.On Tuesday , we got `` In the Kitchen '' with Rochelle Trotter , a health and wellness expert who focuses on healthy foods . Her name might ring a bell because her late husband was famous chef Charlie Trotter.We set out Alessi products that must be used and some kitchen staples . Then Trotter worked her magic ! Her ingredients were : -Alessi breadcrumbs-Alessi 7 oz . pesto-Alessi reduction-San Marzano tomatoes 28 oz.Our Friends at Alessi sent Rochelle home with a gift basket of goodies . Visit their website for all the Alessi products : http : //alessifoods.com/ Find out more about Rochelle , visit : https : //rochelletrotter.com/ She 's starting an online wellness series . The first segment is about a sugar detox : https : //rochelletrotter.com/aw-sugar/ Serves 81 cup fresh strawberries hulled and sliced1/2 fresh orange4 oz . creamy goat cheese8 slices French baguette breadFresh mint for garnish1 . Place strawberries in bowl.2 . Squeeze the orange over strawberries.3 . Allow to sit at room temp 10 minutes.4 . Meanwhile spread goat cheese onto the bread.5 . Place a few strawberry slices atop the goat cheese.6 . Drizzle with Alessi Balsamic Reduction.7 . Garnish with mint1 bag of plain microwave popcorn2 tbsp unsalted butter , melted2 tbsp Alessi Balsamic Reduction1 . Microwave popcorn according to instructions2 . Pour into large bowl and drizzle with butter.3 . Finish with a drizzle of Balsamic Reduction.Serves 41 Can Alessi Whole Peeled Tomatoes16 oz Chicken or Vegetable stock1 small yellow onion , rough chopped1 small red bell pepper , seeds removed and rough chopped2 clove minced garlic2 Tblsp olive oil1/2 cup Alessi Italian Style Breadcrumbs2 Tblsp raw pinenuts8 oz Sour Cream2 Tblsp Alessi Pesto with Pinenuts2 Fresh thyme sprigs6 Fresh Basil leavesSalt and pepper to tasteDried red chili flakes ( if using ) 2 slices of white bread2 slices of American cheese1 Tbsp butter1 . Heat olive oil in large saucepan.2 . Add onions and bell pepper ; sauté until almost tender.3 . Add garlic and continue to sauté until aromatic , about 3 minutes.4 . Add tomatoes , stock , basil , breadcrumbs and thyme ; stir and cover.5 . Cook 10 minutes.6 . Remove thyme sprigs and discard.7 . Remove pot from heat and add 4 oz of sour cream ( more if you want tangier taste ) .8 . Add pinenuts9 . Blend carefully as soup will be HOT ! 10 . Return to stove and cook for another 10 minutes . Adjust thickness of soup with remaining stock as desired.11 . Season to taste with salt , pepper and chili flakes ( if using ) .12 . Heat butter in skillet and add slice of bread.13 . Toast then add cheese slices.14 . Top with second piece of bread and flip/toast allowing cheese to melt.15 . Remove sandwich from heat and cut into strips.16 . Mix 2 tablespoons Alessi Pesto with 2 Tablespoons sour cream.17 . Place soup into individual serving bowls.18 . Drizzle pesto sour cream mixture atop soup.19 . Garnish with a grilled cheese dipping stick and more fresh basil if desired .
SALT LAKE CITY , Utah ( KSL/CNN ) — It may have weighed only 2 1/2 pounds and stood about 6 inches tall , but the discovery of a half mammal , half reptile 's skull in eastern Utah has huge implications for geologic timelines .
The skull of the new species , Cifelliodon wahkarmoosuch , came from a snout-bearing , catlike animal with buck teeth and molars for crushing plants .
Its discovery is evidence that the super-continental split of Pangea likely occurred more recently than scientists previously thought — 15 million years later — and that a group of reptile-like mammals experienced an unsuspected burst of evolution across several continents .
“ Based on the unlikely discovery of this near-complete fossil cranium , we now recognize a new , cosmopolitan group of early mammal relatives , ” said Adam Huttenlocker , lead author of the study and assistant professor of clinical integrative anatomical sciences at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California .
The study was published in the journal Nature on May 16 and updates the understanding of how mammals evolved and dispersed across major continents during the age of dinosaurs .
This creature , although it was covered in hair and suckled its young , laid eggs like the modern-day platypus .
“ For a long time , we thought early mammals from the Cretaceous ( 145 million to 66 million years ago ) were anatomically similar and not ecologically diverse , ” Huttenlocker said . “ This finding by our team and others reinforce that , even before the rise of modern mammals , ancient relatives of mammals were exploring specialty niches : insectivores , herbivores , carnivores , swimmers , gliders . Basically , they were occupying a variety of niches that we see them occupy today . ”
Andrew R.C . Milner , a paleontologist at the St. George Dinosaur Discovery Site at Johnson Farm , discovered the skull site on Bureau of Land Management Lands northeast of Arches National Park . Later paleontologists unexpectedly found the skull in the lab under the foot of a new iguanodont dinosaur called Hippodraco .
The fossil discovery emphasizes that these type of animals and some other vertebrate groups existed globally during the Jurassic-Cretaceous transition , meaning the corridors for migration via Pangean landmasses remained intact into the Early Cretaceous .
Most of the Jurassic and Cretaceous fossils of these type of animals are from the Triassic and Jurassic of Europe , Greenland and Asia .
David Grossnickle and Julia Schultz , from the University of Chicago , contributed to the study , as well Jim Kirkland , state paleontologist with the Utah Geological Survey .
The specimen was found on Bureau of Land Management lands and is held in public trust at the Natural History Museum of Utah , where it is on display in the museum 's Past Worlds Gallery .
The federal government provided $ 300 for the research . The remainder was supported by the state of Utah .
( The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved . )
STORRS , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Part of the UConn campus in Storrs is about to look a whole lot different .
The school is renovating its 4500 square foot bookstore right across the street from Gampel Pavilion .
The new bookstore will have a new entrance , an Apple Store , a Starbucks , a 3,000 square foot area on the second floor that will be used for events and activities , charging stations with USB outlets and even an area focused on skincare and beauty products .
The project costs about $ 3 million , but Barnes and Noble , which runs the bookstore , is paying for it .
© Greater Manchester Police
An imam who beat his pupils `` until it became normalized '' has been jailed for 17 months after CCTV footage revealed up to 109 assaults on children attending his Islamic study classes in a Rochdale mosque.Some 40 hours of footage analyzed by Greater Manchester Police officers show `` consistent assaults '' at the hands of the imam in a mosque on Crawford Street . `` The children were left cowering and holding onto their ears , their arms and their legs after he repeatedly used violence as a punishment . `` Rauf left the children intimidated and afraid to tell their parents about his bullying tactics . `` I dread to think how many children 's lives he has affected over the years , we are doing all we can to support those children and their families that we know about . `` Rauf , of Sussex Street in Rochdale , has been jailed for one year and 5 months . He must serve at least half his sentence before being considered for release . `` That - if it ever belonged to an era - belonged to a very different one . `` He said : `` The defendant displayed Dickensian attitudes towards teaching and feels a level of corporal punishment is appropriate . `` It is to do with his understanding of how appropriate teaching may be engaged in . `` It is not to do with the victims ' young age or vulnerability , but a failure on his part about what appropriate teaching methods may be employed , '' Nadim said , Manchester Evening News reported .
Scroll for more content ...
The Vincennes Lincoln girls basketball team won their third straight sectional championship , beating Princeton 69-54 .
Baby magpie is in care with WIRES .
Baby magpie is in care with WIRES .
SPRING has sprung and the bird breeding season has begun .
WIRES warns the best outcome for any uninjured chick is to reunite them with their family as soon as possible .
Baby tawny settles into tree after rescue : Baby Tawny Frogmouth rescued by WIRES .
Chicks need to be dealt with as quickly as possible as they can easily die from cold , exhaustion , lack of food or stress .
WIRES quick tips for this breeding season :
Older chicks that are perching well and just learning to fly should be left with their parents . If you find a nestling ( naked or fluffy , not able to perch ) , call WIRES asap .
Orphaned ducklings should not be put in water as they may not have developed all their waterproofing and will get cold quickly and die . They need to be restrained to avoid exhaustion and should be placed on a towel in a box with a lid so they can not jump out , then call WIRES .
If you think a chick may be injured or you are not sure , place it in a box on a towel and keep it somewhere quiet and warm until a rescuer arrives . Do not give it any food or water .
WIRESNR website has lots more handy hints .
Contact WIRES for rescues , advice or enquiries . The 24-hour hotline is for all calls to WIRES in the Northern Rivers - 6628 1898. www.wiresnr.org
Not able to commit to that diet ? It may be your partner 's fault , according to a new study .
The study was conducted by Weight Watchers , and it suggests that your boo can be your biggest ally or enemy in accomplishing your weight loss goals .
If a couple works at losing weight and getting fit together , you are more likely to succeed . This makes sense too , of course . It 's hard to watch what you eat if the person you 're with is constantly bringing junk food into the house .
Do n't tell your partner about your diet - they may try and sabotage it ! 43 % # diet in SECRET https : //t.co/DG5fRh5HWI # eatwhatyouwantday pic.twitter.com/YWY4AnKD4J — News By Design ( @ NewsbyDesignUK ) May 11 , 2017
In fact , just being around a partner can make for bad influences when you 're trying to diet . There 's something about watching your boo eat ice cream when you 're not supposed to have any yourself that can really derail your diet.In extreme cases , a person will go to any length to try and derail your diet and exercise regimen as a way of controlling you . This is n't a healthy relationship and ultimately you need to rid yourself of this toxic force.But here 's the good news . Even if your partner is n't on your weight loss train , they may be influenced by your diet . If they see a change in you , it may help them lose some weight too .
Marine electronics comprises electronic devices designed for the marine environment . Marine electronic devices are water-resistant so that salt water can not affect or destroy them . Marine electronic devices include marine VHF radios , chart plotters , autopilots , fish finders/sonars , radars , gyrocompasses , GPS , satellite TVs , and various audio and video devices . The marine electronics market is highly dependent on the performance of the ship industry . The marine electronics market is divided into four segments on the basis of ship/boat categories . The ships/boats taken into consideration are merchant vessels ( general cargo ships , bulk carriers , containerships , and oil tankers ) , fishing vessels ( big vessels that are allowed into the deep sea and used for commercial fishing ) , yachts/recreational boats ( all sailing boats and vessels used for recreational activities ) , and military naval ( all military surface vessels and boats such as surface combatants , patrol combatants , and amphibious warfare ships , and those involved in military logistics and coastal defense ) .
The global marine electronics market is expected to grow from US $ 4,143.5 Mn in 2018 to US $ 7,745.3 Mn by 2028 , expanding at a CAGR of 6.5 % in terms of revenue during the forecast period ( 2018-2028 ) . In this report , the global marine electronics market is tracked in terms of value , and is calibrated to obtain the market revenue estimates of marine electronic devices .
Request Sample Report @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2392
Global Marine Electronics Market : Dynamics
The factors driving the global marine electronics market are mandatory government regulations , increasing demand from the defense sector , growing concern for safety and security , and increasing globalization and ocean trade activities .
However , insecure mode of data transmission , incompetency of software , and lack of investments and infrastructure are some of the major challenges that hamper the growth of the marine electronics market .
Global Marine Electronics Market : Segmentation & Forecast
To understand and assess the demand and opportunities in this market , the marine electronics market report is categorically split into three major sections , namely , marine electronics market analysis – by component type , by application type , and by region . On the basis of component type , the marine electronics market is segmented into hardware and software . The marine electronics hardware segment is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period , and enjoy a market share of 78.4 % and 77.0 % in 2018 and 2028 , respectively . The marine electronics hardware segment is further segmented as GPS and radar systems , multifunction navigation , fish finders/ sonar modules , thermal and visible cameras , marine VHF communication devices , audio and video equipment , marine autopilots , analogue & digital instruments , and satellite TVs .
On the basis of application type , the marine electronics market is segmented into merchant vessels , fishing vessels , military naval , and yachts/recreational boats . The marine electronics merchant vessels segment is expected to dominate the market in the majority duration of the forecast period , owing to the high CAGR associated with it . The marine electronics fishing vessel segment is expected to grow from US $ 958.6 Mn in 2018 to US $ 1,900.5 in 2028 .
Request TOC @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-2392
The section – marine electronics market analysis by region , includes an in-depth country-level analysis of all global regions , namely , North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , SEA and Others in Asia Pacific , Japan , China , and MEA , by component type , by application type , and by country ; and provides market data in terms of value for 2018-2028 . In 2017 , the market in South East Asia dominated the overall global marine electronics market ( given Asia Pacific is considered separately as three regions , i.e . China , Japan , and SEA and Others of APAC ) , while the fastest growing region in the marine electronics market is Latin America . South East Asia is further expected to hold a majority of the market share of the marine electronics market in 2028 as well .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool new boy Fabinho has revealed a Reds player was in contact with him prior to him joining the Anfield club from Monaco this transfer window .
Jurgen Klopp 's men parted with £45million to land the Brazilian midfielder , who put pen to paper on a five-year contract , keeping him on Merseyside until 2023 .
Fabinho met up with his new team-mates at Melwood recently where he trained as a Liverpool player for the very first team , ahead of the new season .
The Brazilian had been in contact with Klopp since the summer of 2017 , and always looked destined to sign for Liverpool at some point , despite Manchester United 's interest in him .
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
But according to the man himself , a Liverpool first team player was also in contact with him , and in hindsight helped seal the deal .
Speaking to Four Four Two magazine , Fabinho said : `` Firstly he [ Roberto ] sent me some messages saying that Jurgen Klopp had been following me for some time and liked my style of play .
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
`` Then , when we were close to finalising the deal , he started giving me some tips about life in the city . He told me Liverpool was a fantastic place , just a little cold every now and again ! ''
Reflecting on the day he finally agreed terms with Liverpool , he added : `` That day was party day ! We were both smiling at everything .
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
`` I was really anxious during all of the negotiations , so when it was time for me to sign the contract I could n't have been happier - a dream come true .
`` When I was doing the medical exams I could n't stop asking people 'When does it finally become official ? ' You do n't sign for one of the biggest clubs in the world every day you know ! ''
INDIANAPOLIS -- An updated systematic review of recent studies of health information exchanges found evidence the exchanges reduced both the cost of health care and its use . That contrasts with an assessment published three years ago that found little such evidence .
The new findings `` represent progress in reaching the national goals of better-quality care , improved population health and lower costs , '' said Nir Menachemi , a professor in the Indiana University Richard M. Fairbanks School of Public Health at IUPUI , chair of the school 's Department of Health Policy and Management , and the study 's lead investigator .
Benefits reported from the current systematic review include fewer duplicated procedures , reduced imaging , lower costs and improved patient safety .
Health information exchanges allow doctors , nurses , pharmacists and other health care providers to share a patient 's computerized medical information electronically .
`` Up until this point , the promise of health information exchanges to improve care and reduce costs has been theoretical , '' Menachemi said . `` We now have reasonably strong evidence that there are benefits to using health information exchanges . ''
Researchers found community health information exchanges were more likely to produce benefits than proprietary or enterprise health information exchanges . Community health information exchanges are those in which any provider in a community can share information about any patient . Proprietary health information exchanges are those that limit access , for example , to just one hospital and certain health care providers .
`` It looks like community health information exchanges might be more likely to achieve improved outcomes , '' Menachemi said .
The current review focused on 24 articles including 63 health information exchange analyses that were published between May 2014 and June 2017 . Among all analyses , 68.3 percent reported a beneficial effect from health information exchanges , and 7.9 percent reported an unexpected adverse effect . The remaining analyses reported no effect .
Only weak evidence was reported linking health information exchanges to reduced costs , use of health services or quality of care when the first systematic review of health information exchanges was published in 2015 . Menachemi was also the lead investigator of that review .
Several reasons might explain why there is a difference when it comes to the evidence between the two reviews , Menachemi said . One might be that the more current studies were examining more mature health information exchanges that have evolved to be more effective than earlier-generation systems .
`` If so , this finding bodes well for health information exchange 's ability to deliver on anticipated improvements in the delivery of care , '' Menachemi said .
# # #
By The Associated Press
LISBON , Portugal ( AP ) — Lisbon 's growing popularity with foreigners is compelling the Portuguese government to adapt a military airport for commercial flights .
The government says it plans to modify the little-used Montijo air base on the south side of the River Tagus because the capital 's sole international airport is nearing its capacity of 22 million passengers a year .
The number of visitors to Lisbon grew by more than 8 percent last year , after a 5 percent increase in 2015 .
Officials said Wednesday they hope the new airport will be operational by 2022 . The modification work , which requires approval from environmental authorities , is expected to cost up to 400 million euros ( $ 422 million ) .
Advertisement
Passengers arriving in Montijo will travel 13 kilometers ( 8 miles ) by ferry or 32 kilometers ( 20 miles ) by road into Lisbon .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Eagle-eyed royal fans have spotted an unseen photo of Harry and Meghan in the Queen 's room - after the framed portrait REPLACED two high-profile royals .
The image of the newlyweds sits proudly on display in Buckingham Palace 's Audience Room , where the Queen greets guests and dignitaries on a weekly basis .
Perched alongside a clock , a gold box and some paperwork underneath a pair of glasses , the image of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex appeared to have replaced one of Princess Anne and her husband Timothy Lawrence .
The portrait of the Queen 's daughter Princess Anne and Timothy dressed in Navy uniforms was last seen in April to the right hand side of the lamp .
Now , it seems Harry and Meghan have taken their spot and the image of Anne and Timothy has been moved to the other side of the table .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The photo shift was spotted as the Queen greeted Honourable George Brandis , the Australian High Commissioner to the UK .
Buckingham Palace 's Audience Room is filled with personal touches by the Queen , giving the public a rare insight into her personal life .
And while the room is decorated with touching images of the Queen 's nearest and dearest , it 's also adorned with some pricey ornamental pieces .
Placed on either end of the mantlepiece are two 18th Century English porcelain pheasants , reportedly valued at £20,000 , reports the Mail Online .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Patrick McMullan )
The white marble clock in the centre of the mantlepiece is believed to be valued at £4,000 , while the mirror is reportedly worth £30,000 .
Harry and Meghan appear to be posing for the picture , which could have been taken as part of their engagement shoot by fashion photographer Alexi Lubomirski .
The couple captured the world 's heart with their stunning engagement shots , as Meghan opted for a partly sheer dress .
They went on to choose Alexi Lubomirski as the official photographer for their wedding on May 19 .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Alexi Lubomirski/PA Wire )
In a black-and-white photo from their big day , the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are shown in a romantic pose sat on steps of the east terrace of Windsor Castle .
It was later revealed by Alexi Lubomirski the shot was taken by chance in just three minutes , when a weary Meghan rested on the steps against Prince Harry .
In another image , Harry and Meghan are pictured with members of the royal family , including the Queen , Duke of Edinburgh , Prince of Wales , Duchess of Cornwall , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and her mum Doria .
WINNIPEG , Manitoba ( AP ) — Patrik Laine got his third hat trick of the season , including the go-ahead goal late in the third period , to lift the Winnipeg Jets over the Dallas Stars 5-2 on Tuesday night .
The Finnish rookie has 26 goals this season , including two in the third period while Winnipeg blew open a tight game .
Joel Armia and Blake Wheeler also scored to help the Jets snap a four-game skid .
Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin scored in the second period for Dallas to erase a two-goal deficit .
Advertisement
Connor Hellebuyck made 34 saves in his third straight start for the Jets since Ondrej Pavelec got a lower-body injury on Feb. 7 .
Antti Niemi stopped 19 of 22 shots for Dallas .
The victory snapped a five-game home losing streak for the Jets , and Dallas got its sixth loss in its last seven games .
Laine made it 3-2 with 5:07 left in the game , then completed his hat trick just over four minutes later with Winnipeg 's second empty-netter .
Laine opened the scoring late in the first period . Mark Scheifele forced a turnover in the Jets ' zone and turned it up ice to Andrew Copp , who evaded a sprawling defender and fed Laine for a tap-in goal .
Armia fired a one-timer from the high slot off Shawn Matthias ' centering pass as Winnipeg extended its lead at 7:38 of the second .
Dallas cut the lead in half just over a minute later when Benn completed a passing play from Jason Spezza and Seguin for his 19th of the season . With Winnipeg forward Nikolaj Ehlers off for hooking , the Stars got the equalizer on the power play at 13:35 of the second when Seguin 's low wrist shot from the point found its way through traffic for his 21st .
Wheeler 's empty-net goal at 18:12 of the third was his 17th of the season .
NOTES : Laine pulled within one of Toronto 's Auston Matthews for the most goals by a rookie this season . Matthews scored twice for the Maple Leafs in a 7-1 win over the New York Islanders on Tuesday night . Matthews was selected first overall and Laine second in the 2016 NHL draft .
UP NEXT :
Stars : Wrap a four-game trip through the Central Division on Thursday night at Minnesota .
Jets : Begin a four-game trip at Pittsburgh on Thursday night .
Mumbai : Vodafone on Wednesday conducted a campaign at 14 suburban stations to educate the people of Mumbai on the hazards of taking shortcuts . Over 75 lakh Mumbaikars are said to travel on Mumbai 's local trains each day . In 2017 , over 3000 lost their lives while crossing railway tracks in Mumbai .
In order to raise awareness , Vodafone employees decided to do their bit on the hazards of taking shortcuts across railway tracks . The campaign initiated by Vodafone India , urging Mumbaikars to refrain from crossing railway tracks in the interest of their own safety , connected with several thousand rail commuters . The commuters were exhorted to stay away from the railway tracks . Over 1500 Mumbaikars extended their support to ‘ Shortcuts are Injurious ' campaign and assured that they will not walk across the railway tracks henceforth .
“ The campaign is being carried out by its own employees as a part of Vodafone India 's larger commitment to propagate their health , safety and well-being policy , not just for their employees and partners , but also for customers , visitors and society at large . Mumbai 's suburban rail network is a crucial lifeline ferrying millions of people to and from their homes and workplaces . Recent reports indicate that numerous lives are lost each day , while crossing the city 's railway tracks . We want every Mumbaikar to get back home safe and sound at the end of each day . Having touched the lives of over 1500 rail commuters through the first phase of this campaign , I am happy to say that we have made a beginning , ” said Pushpinder Singh Gujral , business head , Mumbai , Vodafone India .
Vodafone India is a 100 % fully owned subsidiary of the Vodafone Group Plc with operations across the country .
Piano tuner Kent Eastwood loves to hear the notes of piano ring true when correctly tuned .
Piano tuner Kent Eastwood loves to hear the notes of piano ring true when correctly tuned . Marc Stapelberg
The dying art of tuning a piano by ear : He was one of the six students to graduate from the last course at Melbourne 's NMIT in 1996 .
A GRAND piano normally has 240 strings and 88 keys , with a combined tension in those strings of 18 tonnes , so keeping one in tune is a complex and painstaking task .
But Northern Rivers resident Kent Eastwood does it all by ear .
Mr Eastwood , who is also a singer songwriter and a composer , is one of the last piano tuners to have studied the two-year , full-time course set up by Wayne Stuart , of Stuart and Songs pianos .
The musician moved to the area 18 months ago after living for a while in Germany .
He was one of the six students to graduate from the last course at Melbourne 's NMIT in 1996 .
There are currently no courses in Australia , so the skill is not being taught anymore .
With more than 20 years of experience , Mr Eastwood has been able to find plenty of work in the area despite the arrival of digital tools for piano tuning .
Piano tuner Kent Eastwood loves to hear the notes of piano ring true when correctly tuned . Marc Stapelberg
`` It is very rare to have learnt to tune a piano by ear , '' he said .
`` A lot of people wonder whether there is a need for piano tuners , because of the digital revolution that is happening now , but pianos are beautiful instruments that are made of wood and metal and all the things that expand and contract with temperature changes .
`` They 've got 240 strings , so when you play one note and you put your foot on the pedal that lift the dampers off the strings , then all those strings resonate just a little bit , and let that note really ring .
`` If you start playing a piece on a piano then the complicated resonance that is going on across all those strings is very detailed , and to replicate that exactly in a digital platform is very difficult .
`` If you did it correctly , the computing power needed would be enormous . ''
Mr Eastwood offers his services from the Gold Coast to Ballina , and into Casino , Kyogle and Lismore .
He said his average client was a family with a standing piano for learning and practice , music teachers and schools .
`` It 's mostly families and music teachers , and there is an impressive amount of professional musicians in this area , but pianos owned by families are the bulk of my work , '' he said .
`` Tuning a piano is quite a big job , you usually allow two hours , and for most people who have piano at home , tuning it once a year is enough . ''
Mr Eastwood said the biggest issue with owning a piano in coastal areas was string damage - the salt in the air makes the strings go rusty .
`` Many pianos need the strings replaced after 20 years , whereas in inland areas , the strings on a piano may last 40 years , '' he said .
For details visit his website , kenteastwood.com .
About six weeks ago , SpaceX launched a spy satellite into low Earth orbit from Launch Complex 39A at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center . As is normal for National Reconnaissance Office launches , not much information was divulged about the satellite 's final orbit or its specific purpose in space . However , a dedicated group of ground-based observers continued to track the satellite after it reached outer space .
Then something curious happened . In early June , the satellite made an extremely close pass to the International Space Station . One of the amateur satellite watchers , Ted Molczan , estimated the pass on June 3 to be 4.4km directly above the station . Another , Marco Langbroek , pegged the distance at 6.4km . `` I am inclined to believe that the close conjunctions between USA 276 and ISS are intentional , but this remains unproven and far from certain , '' Molczan later wrote .
In recent days , Ars has run these observations by several officials and informed sources . They are credible , these officials say , and curious indeed . `` This is strange , '' said one astronaut who has commanded the International Space Station . `` I do n't really believe in coincidences . But I ca n't really think of anything that would be worth highlighting a close approach . ''
Deliberate or not ?
One expert in satellite launches and tracking , Jonathan McDowell , said of the satellite 's close approach to the station , `` It is not normal . '' While it remains possible that the near-miss was a coincidence due to the satellite being launched into similar orbit , that would represent `` gross incompetence '' on the part of the National Reconnaissance Office , he said . Like the astronaut , McDowell downplayed the likelihood of a coincidence .
Another option is that of a deliberate close flyby , perhaps to test or calibrate an onboard sensor to observe something or some kind of activity on the International Space Station . `` The deliberate explanation seems more likely , except that I would have expected the satellite to maneuver after the encounter , '' McDowell said . `` But it seems to have stayed in the same orbit . ''
Another question , if the maneuver was deliberate , is whether the US government informed Russia or other international partners on the space station . The Russian segment of the station controls the thrusters that generally are used to maneuver the station away from orbital debris , so such coordination might seem prudent .
In regard to these questions , so far the US government has declined to provide answers . A NASA spokesman offered to look into the matter on Monday but as of Wednesday afternoon had nothing to say . A query sent to public affairs at the National Reconnaissance Office went unanswered . We will update this story if we receive any official responses .
Police search a house in North Lismore and arrest an occupant at the house .
Police search a house in North Lismore and arrest an occupant at the house .
AUTHORITIES watched on as the driver for accused drug kingpin Corey Magee boarded a plane from the Gold Coast to stitch up a $ 210,000 cocaine deal in Sydney , police will allege .
Jesse Vilkelis-Curas would allegedly meet a police witness at a Bunnings car park in the Western Sydney suburb of Greenacre on Friday , April 13 .
The police witness had allegedly been taping and recording all of his conversations with Magee since their first meeting in February .
Police take away an occupant from a North Lismore house .
It was allegedly the third attempt Magee , a Bilinga shed builder , had at delivering 1kg of cocaine to the police witness .
The first was thwarted when his driver was picked up by police driving a rental car on the Pacific Hwy just north of Newcastle , police will allege . They claim to have found $ 100,000 cash in the car .
Police will allege a second deal was thwarted when Magee 's supplier , a Fink bikie , was arrested in March .
In a car outside Bunnings on Black Friday , Vilkelis-Curas and the witness communicated to Magee through an encrypted phone application called Wickr , police will allege .
Police search a Lismore house Photo : Marc Stapelberg .
It is alleged Magee used the name `` born4thegame '' and Vilkelis-Curas `` dontusethis '' after ditching his previous name , `` hard2find '' , months earlier .
A second police witness allegedly turned up at Bunnings for the men to count the money .
There was $ 210,000 , `` born4thegame '' allegedly told the witness using the app . Vilkelis-Curas ' cut would be $ 15,000 , police allege .
Vilkelis-Curas was allegedly told to demand $ 20,000 off the supplier once the deal was done . That would be Magee 's cut .
Vilkelis-Curas and the first police witness then allegedly took a three-minute cruise to meet the supplier of the cocaine . The letters XXX was stamped on the brick of cocaine that the supplier carried as he stepped into the car , police will allege . The supplier allegedly handed over the coke and started counting the cash , each bundle worth $ 5000 , police allege .
He then allegedly pulled out four bundles of cash and gave them to Vilkelis-Curas , earmarked for Magee .
Police allege they tested the brick of cocaine and it contained 76 per cent purity and weighed 0.995kg .
THE ARREST
BEFORE his 26th birthday , Corey Magee had allegedly told a police witness he could organise a drug meet , use runners and ultimately score 1kg of cocaine .
The Tweed shed businessman , originally from Lismore , told the informant he could supply other drugs too , police will allege .
After communicating through encrypted messages the witness ordered 1kg of MDMA , costing $ 46,000 , police allege .
On Tuesday , NSW Police raided Magee 's Bilinga apartment and properties in Byron Bay and Lismore .
Magee was arrested in Chinderah . His father Mark Stanley Magee was arrested in Byron Bay .
Vilkelis-Curas was arrested in Lismore .
Corey David Edward Magee is believed to have used the name born4thegame in an encrypted application to send messages to clients and drug suppliers .
THE 'FIRST ' MEETING
COREY Magee allegedly first met a police witness in a small house in Byron Bay on February 7 . `` Magee provided the male with his blackberry email address and indicated he could 1kg of cocaine for $ 210,000 or multiple kilograms of cocaine at $ 205,000 , '' police allege .
`` Magee indicated he used a driver to do his deliveries as he does not like to do face-to-face meets or put his hands on the drugs '' .
Police will allege the witness made arrangements to buy 1kg of cocaine and that he was told that communications would be through encrypted messaging via a BlackBerry mobile phone .
'DRUGS IN PRISONS '
AMONG the charges laid against Magee were supplying Buprenorphine , an opioid-based drug used to ween people of heroin and methadone , to a jail at Nowra .
Police allege Magee supplied those drugs into the South Coast Correctional Centre at Nowra . `` Magee was also identified as facilitating the supply of Buprenorphine into correctional facilities within NSW , '' police allege .
Failed deal # 1
A DRUG deal was supposed to happen between a police male witness and Magee 's driver Mathew Ivan on March 7 . While travelling south on the Pacific Hwy to meet the witness in Sydney he was stopped by New South Wales Highway Patrol Police just outside of Newcastle . During the search of the car , police found $ 100,000 in cash . Ivan was arrested . The next day Magee cancelled the deal telling the police witness he had lost $ 100,000 .
Corey David Edward Magee is alleged to have used cryto currencies and encrypted phones to run his large-scale drug business .
Failed deal # 2
POLICE 'S witness met with Magee 's driver Jesse Vilkelis-Curas at 3.30pm at the Castle Hill Tavern on March 14 . Both men were talking to Magee via an encrypted application on their phones where Magee told them he was having trouble contacting his supplier . At 5.45pm an unrelated police investigation arrested Finks Outlaw Motorcycle gang member Martin Francis Klein . About an hour later Magee contacted the police witness and told him to watch the news showing his supplier had been arrested .
Done deal
JESSE Vilkelis-Curas met with the police witness at 11.30am on April 13 at a Bunnings carpark at Greenacre . Both men communicated with Magee through the encrypted phone app during the meeting . A second police witness arrived with $ 210,000 in cash which they all counted . The first police witness grabbed $ 15,000 out of the bundle . That was Vilkelis-Curas ' cut if the deal went to plan . They then drove to a property at Greenacre where they met with Abdul Derbas and another man on the street . Derbas hopped into the car , handed over a brick of cocaine stamped with XXX and counted the remaining $ 195,000 and handed $ 20,000 to Vilkelis-Curas . Police will allege this was Magee 's cut of the deal . The police witness and Vilkelis-Curas travelled to Rookwood where the witness handed the driver his $ 15,000 . Vilkelis-Curas got out of the car and the deal was done .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aristotle believed it took a human 40 days after birth to break into its first laugh .
But even a foetus within burping distance of a TV this week would have struggled to contain stomach ructions at the noises coming out of the Tory conference .
It felt like they 'd taken a multi-billion pound bung from the EU to put on Expo 17 , showcasing all that is lamentable about the current state of Britain , thus discouraging other countries from following our path .
Much has been made of Theresa May 's speech , which was n't so much a car crash as a high-speed collision between Eddie Stobart 's entire fleet of trucks and the annual output of Nissan 's Sunderland plant on an earthquake-hit Spaghetti Junction . But that was just the tip of an iceberg of faeces that surged from the Manchester sewers this week .
I 've become well used to the hilarious sights at these conferences : Young chinless wonders guffawing at their fat , pin-striped seniors who are calculating the chances of slipping them their hotel room key ; fewer regional accents than you hear at a Swiss finishing school ; half-empty audiences who look like they 're auditioning for The Only Way Is Dignitas ; mad-eyed Planet Redwood xenophobes wishing every British citizen was as white as the Dover cliffs ; City spivs with shiny heads and iron hand-shakes ... all dreading having to leave their sanctuary to hear angry working-class locals call them a shower of Beaufort Hunts .
( Image : Andy Stenning/Daily Mirror )
But this conference was something else . Its only avowed aim seemed to be winning the youth vote back from Jeremy Corbyn , yet with policies that could n't have been less attractive to the young had Jacob Rees-Mogg vowed to train more nannies and raise chimney sweeps ' wages by a halfpenny .
The entire week was a metaphor for the confused , comical , shabby , deluded , divided , backward-looking , and ideologically bankrupt state Britain now finds itself in . Due mostly to a party with an average membership age of 71 who wet themselves at the merest sight of Boris Johnson . And what a sight .
The last Bullingdon Boy standing is ready to claim his birthright , mowing through his Government 's flimsy Brexit policy like a randy aristocrat through a cellarful of scullery maids .
He 's issuing ultimatums through right-wing newspapers , insulting the wage-capped masses by saying he 's struggling to live on £140,000 a year and cracking jokes about dead bodies in Libya when he 's supposed to be Foreign Secretary .
His new slogan is “ Let the lion roar ” which really means “ Let the liar roam ” .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
The PM believes she 's clever by not sacking him on the John Major logic that enemies are best kept inside the tent peeing out , rather than outside peeing in . But Johnson is so pathologically incontinent May is wading in a river of urine , right up to her chain necklace , minus a paddle or a boat .
No greater symbol of this paralysis could there have been than those letters falling off the slogan behind May as she spluttered through a speech that was meant to inspire her people to go forward sure of its destiny .
When all most of us could think , after coming out from behind the couch , was if footage of that speech had been offered to the BBC as a re-make of Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em they would have turned it down on the grounds that Frank Spencer would never look so hapless .
It almost makes you pine for a safe pair of Tory hands like Ted Heath 's .
Or maybe not .
New Delhi : The RSS believes in Hindutva which has truth and non-violence as its core values about which Mahatma Gandhi , B R Ambedkar and Vivekananda had spoken , its chief Mohan Bhagwat has said .
However , if required , one should fight to protect the core values of Hindutva , he said .
“ We consider Hindutva as only one ” It is the set of values which we believe in . It is the same one about which Vivekananda , Subhas Chandra Bose , Gurudev Rabindranath Thakur , Babasaheb Ambedkar have spoken , ” he said in an interview to weekly magazine Organiser .
Replying to a question about portraying Hindu religion in two different narratives -- one as Hinduism and the other as Hindutva -- Bhagwat said RSS considers Hindutva as the one and only narrative .
While underlining that the RSS believes in truth and non-violence being the core values of Hindutva , Bhagwat , however , said , `` If somebody is attacking or indirectly killing the truth and non-violence we believe in , then to protect those values we will have to fight. ” “ To fight and practise truth and non-violence is Hindutva , ” he added .
Claiming attraction towards Hindutva is growing , Bhagwat said that is why confusions and distortions are being created about it . “ This is happening not only in Bharat but all over the world . The proponents of Hindutva are getting natural benefit of it . To deny that advantage divisions are being created , ” he said .
Bhagwat said Hindus do not consider anyone their enemy .
“ But for the same Hinduness we have to protect Hindu dharma ( religion ) , Hindu sanskriti ( culture ) and Hindu society . In the process , we may have to explain , we may have to fight , if necessary , ” he said .
Bhagwat said the talk of extremist and moderate Hindutva is “ irrelevant ” .
`` That 's why in Meerut I said if Hindus become more fanatic , it means they will be more liberal , ” he said , adding in that sense , Mahatma Gandhi was a `` kattar ( hardcore ) Hindu '' . He referred to Gandhi 's writings in Harijan in which he had declared himself a `` fanatic Sanatani Hindu '' .
Speaking about how to practise Hindutva , the RSS chief said it is an individual 's decision . There is no differentiation in Hindutva , and there is no meaning in saying our or their Hindutva , he said .
MINNEAPOLIS , December 11 , 2017 - Patients treated with hematopoietic cell transplantation ( HCT ) , also known as blood and marrow transplant , have a higher risk for long-term or late complications such as organ damage , cardiovascular disease , bone loss and second cancers . These complications begin with chemotherapy and radiation therapy and require ongoing medical follow-up care . Results from a recent multicenter , randomized , controlled study show that a personalized 'Survivorship Care Plan ' can significantly reduce a patient 's stress level related to their cancer treatment . [ 1 ] The study was presented at the American Society of Hematology ( ASH ) Annual Meeting on December 10 , at 7:30 a.m. EST .
This study was partially funded by an award from the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute ( PCORI ) . First , researchers gathered information from 80 focus group participants regarding what information they would like to see in a Survivorship Care Plan , how they would like it to look and how they prefer to receive the plan .
Second , researchers enrolled 495 transplant survivors who were 1-5 years out from their transplant and randomly assigned them to 1 of 2 groups . One group received a personalized Survivorship Care Plan while the other group received standard follow-up care instructions . The Survivorship Care Plans were generated using patient-specific clinical data reported to the CIBMTR® ( Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research® ) and published guidelines for long-term follow-up of HCT survivors [ 2 ] . The groups were followed 6 months later to see if the care plan helped patients improve their confidence in knowing what tests and exams they should get after HCT , as well as reduce their stress related to cancer treatments .
`` Transplant survivors remain at risk for late complications and require lifelong monitoring for their prevention and management , '' said Navneet Majhail , M.D. , M.S. , lead study author and director of the Blood & Marrow Transplant Program at the Cleveland Clinic Taussig Cancer Center . `` However , some health system , institutional , provider and patient barriers prevent them from obtaining appropriate long-term care . We strongly feel that empowering patients with knowledge and information will facilitate their survivorship care . '' Elizabeth Murphy , Ed.D. , R.N. , from the Be The Match/National Marrow Donor Program and K Scott Baker , M.D. , M.S. , from the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center co-lead the study with Majhail . Seventeen transplant centers in the United States participated and enrolled patients on the study .
Majhail , who presented the study results at the meeting , continued , `` With this background , we designed our study to test the efficacy of a treatment summary and survivorship care plan on patient knowledge , distress , and several other secondary endpoints related to healthcare utilization and patient-reported outcomes in our specialized patient population . Our trial was highly innovative in that the care plans were individualized to patient treatment exposures that have been identified through international guidelines for preventing transplant-specific late effects , and were generated using data transplant centers routinely submit to the CIBMTR . `` [ 2 ]
Results of this study will be used to empower transplant survivors to have better conversations with their doctors based on an individualized plan to guide more informed decisions about their healthcare post-transplant .
According to Majhail , `` Ultimately , just providing the individualized survivorship care plan decreased distress over a 6 month period compared to transplant survivors who did not receive the intervention . ''
The results from this study also highlight the potential for personalized care plans , based on patient risk factors and treatment exposures , to be generated from a centralized clinical registry database such as CIBMTR . This can reduce the burden on health care professionals to create an individualized plan for patients that can guide physicians and health care professionals in providing follow-up screening and care .
# # #
[ 1 ] Majhail NS , et al . Blood 2017 130:331 .
[ 2 ] Majhail NS , et al . Biol Blood Marrow Transplant , 2012 , 18 ( 3 ) : 348-371 .
About PCORI
The Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute ( PCORI ) is an independent nonprofit organization authorized by Congress in 2010 . Its mission is to fund research that will provide patients , their caregivers and clinicians with the evidence-based information needed to make better-informed healthcare decisions . PCORI is committed to continuously seeking input from a broad range of stakeholders to guide its work .
About CIBMTR
The CIBMTR® ( Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research® ) is a research collaboration between the National Marrow Donor Program® ( NMDP ) /Be The Match® and the Medical College of Wisconsin ( MCW ) . The CIBMTR collaborates with the global scientific community to advance hematopoietic cell transplantation and cellular therapy worldwide to increase survival and enrich quality of life for patients .
About National Marrow Donor Program/Be The Match
For people with life-threatening blood cancers -- like leukemia and lymphoma -- or other diseases , a cure exists . Be The Match® connects patients with their donor match for a life-saving marrow or umbilical cord blood transplant . People can contribute to the cure as a member of the Be The Match Registry® , a financial contributor or a volunteer . Be The Match provides patients and their families one-on-one support , education and guidance before , during and after the transplant .
Be The Match is operated by the National Marrow Donor Program® ( NMDP ) , a nonprofit organization that matches patients with donors , educates health care professionals and conducts research through its research program , CIBMTR® ( Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research® ) , so more lives can be saved . To learn more about the cure , visit BeTheMatch.org or call 1 ( 800 ) MARROW-2 .
MEDIA CONTACTS :
Kate McDermott
Be The Match/National Marrow Donor Program
763-406-8711
kmcdermo @ nmdp.org
For Cameran Eubanks , motherhood has been “ much harder than [ she ] ever expected ” it to be .
The Southern Charm star welcomed her first child with husband Jason Wimberly , daughter Palmer Corrine , on Nov. 11 . And since Palmer 's birth , the new mom has endured at least one big challenge : breastfeeding .
“ When I got pregnant , I made the decision that I wanted to be really honest about what I went through on social media , and with breastfeeding in particular , I feel like there 's so much pressure on women these days that if you do n't breastfeed , you 're a bad mom , you 're not organic and you 're not doing the best thing for your baby , ” Eubanks , 34 , told PEOPLE Now in a recent chat .
The star announced on Instagram in January that she had made the decision to stop nursing her daughter after almost three months , sharing her “ choice ” to quit “ in hopes it will make other mothers feel less alone . ”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
RELATED : Behati Prinsloo Mom-Shamed for “ Pump and Dump ” Breastfeeding Photo at Coachella
“ It was starting to make me depressed and it was affecting my mental health , so I chose to throw the towel in , ” Eubanks adds of breastfeeding . “ I think a lot of women do the same but they do n't want to admit to it , so they lie and they say their milk dried up or they had an issue . ”
She continues , “ I 've received so much positive feedback from women saying , ‘ Oh my God , I felt the same way but I did n't want to say it . I did n't want to be judged . ' ”
RELATED VIDEO : Emily Maynard Johnson Admits She Was Ashamed to Stop Breastfeeding Her Second Son Early
Of any mom-shaming criticism , Eubanks says she “ put it to the side , ” noting that “ everybody 's experience as a mother is individual . ”
“ I think the main culprit is social media , ” she says . “ It 's social media , the mom blogs — everybody tries to paint this picture-perfect image of motherhood and it 's not realistic . ”
© AFP 2017/ ALEXEY KRAVTSOV
Kiev and Chisinau are said to be eyeing five international border entry points and eight points of interstate significance , according to the document.The Moldovan side plans to increase the number of customs officers by 241 employees , bringing the total number to 1,761 staff members . The project of creating joint check posts was put forward for a public debate.The first joint check point of Kuchurgan is scheduled to open by the end of 2017.On February 13 , Moldovan Prime Minister Pavel Filip reached an agreement with Ukraine to ramp up the setting up of joint customs control points at the border with Transnistria.In 2016 , the Transnistrian authorities accused Ukraine of unilaterally blocking flows of imported goods to the republic through the railway stations of Kuchurgan-export and Slobodka-export on the request of the Moldovan government.Transnistria , a region with a predominantly Russian and Ukrainian population , broke away from the Soviet Republic of Moldova in 1990 , fearing the country might seek to reunify with neighboring Romania . The move triggered a war that ended in a ceasefire in July 1992 but the conflict has remained unresolved .
AP Photo/Patrick Semansky
BALTIMORE ( AP ) — The CEO of Baltimore-based sports apparel company Under Armour is responding to criticism he received after calling President Donald Trump “ an asset to the country . ”
Kevin Plank wrote an open letter to Baltimore published as a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun Wednesday . He wrote that his choice of words during an interview with CNBC last week “ did not accurately reflect my intent. ” Three celebrities the company sponsors – basketball star Stephen Curry , actor Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson and ballerina Misty Copeland – were among those voicing concerns about his praise of Trump .
Plank says the company stands for equal rights and job creation and believes “ immigration is a source of strength , diversity and innovation for global companies based in America. ” He says the company opposes the president 's travel ban .
Comments
comments
Mumbai : Actor Ranbir Kapoor , who is n't on any social media platform unlike other actors of his generation , says he is fine with being away from it .
Ranbir was interacting with media at the trailer launch of `` Sanju '' along with co-stars Paresh Rawal , Manisha Koirala , Sonam Kapoor , Dia Mirza and Vicky Kaushal , director Raj Kumar Hirani and producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra here on Wednesday .
Asked whether his availability on social media would have got extra mileage for his film , he said : `` I do n't think so . On social media , I will be showing myself and not really what the film is .
`` I agree that through social media , you have a reach to the larger audience but I do n't miss it and I am fine being away from it . Never say never , maybe tomorrow , I will come but right now , I am happy being away from it . ''
Ranbir , who has gone nude for one scene in `` Sanju '' when he is being interrogated by police , asked if was intimidated while shooting that scene , said : `` I went nude in my first film ( `` Saawariya '' ) itself when my towel dropped . I am very shy in my real life but when the cameras are on , I am not shy as I am portraying a character so you have to be nude in your emotions and physically . ''
Sharing his experience working with Sonam , he said : `` Sonam and I worked together 10 years ago in 'Saawariya ' and after that , we never got an opportunity to work together but Sonam is same as she used to be when we both were assistant directors in 'Black'.A
`` The only thing that changed in her is that she has become even better actress , A so , when I worked with her this time , the kind of confidence and experience she came with was amazing and I think both of us enjoyed working with each other . ''
About working with Hirani , he said : `` Working with world 's greatest director Raj Kumar Hirani is every actor 's dream and I am speaking for every actor who is sitting on this platform . Working with him is something else .
`` It is so easy and seamless that you do n't realize you are working with such a great director but when the film releases ... the kind of love his other films have got ... even if we will be able to get 20 per cent of that love , I think I will be so happy as in my life , I got to work with Raj Kumar Hirani . ''
`` Sanju '' is biographical film based on the life of Indian actor Sanjay Dutt , starring Ranbir as Sanjay Dutt in various stages of his life . It has ensemble cast which includes Anushka Sharma , Dia , Sonam , Manisha , Paresh Rawal , Jim Sarbh , Vicky , Boman Irani , and Karishma Tanna .
The film is set to be released on June 29 .
Missouri has offered Fort Worth Southwest 2019 WR Nnamdi Adim-Madumere .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The 6-foot-4 receiver is a 3-star prospect . He 's up to 10 offers from Texas A & M , Baylor , Minnesota , Texas Tech and more .
Adim-Madumere unofficially visited A & M and Minnesota on April 9 and 11 .
A first team all-district selection in 2017 , Adim-Madumere recorded over 800 yards receiving and 13 TDs .
He 's ranked the No . 57 receiver in the nation and No . 56 overall prospect in the state , and projected to commit with A & M , per 247Sports .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Britain 's Brexit bill may just have got even bigger after a top Tory refused to rule out paying for his own customs plan .
David Davis will unveil plans for a temporary customs union today to keep `` the freest and most frictionless possible trade '' between the UK and the EU after March 2019 .
But the Brexit Secretary refused to say whether Britain would have to pay for it .
Asked by ITV he claimed : `` No , I do n't think ... '' before trailing off and immediately rowing back .
He said : `` What happens in that sort of interim period you will have to leave me to negotiate , I 'm afraid , how we do it , but the aim is to bring to an end these huge £10billion-a-year payments , bring that to an end now .
`` We are still haggling with them over what we may owe them in the short term but we are going to bring the overall thing to an end . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
Then on the BBC he refused to say at all , replying : `` I 'm not going to do the negotiation on air . That 's just not the way this is done . What I 'm saying is this proposal is to the benefit of the European Union . ''
Pressed again whether Britain would pay he said : `` Wait and see . ''
It raises fears even larger sums will be tacked on to an already looming Brexit 'divorce bill ' as Britain tries to keep EU benefits it already has .
In a round of interviews Mr Davis admitted there will not be a final figure for the total bill by November despite the clock ticking on Brexit .
Yet he boldly claimed negotiations were going `` incredibly well '' , even though he also admitted there would be `` point-scoring '' from the EU .
He appeared to accuse his Cabinet colleagues of `` pitching for the moon '' before they reached a compromise over an interim deal this weekend , which he called a `` victory for common sense '' .
He admitted there were Cabinet splits , saying : `` Of course there are different views on elements of the deal because departments have their own specific interest .
( Image : REUTERS )
`` Treasury is obviously concerned about the City ; Business Energy and Industrial Strategy is concerned about things like research and manufacturing . They have their different fields ; Liam ( Fox ) wants to do his trade deals , my job is to make sure that we do all of those in a practical way that works and also in a way that is negotiable and we can get that outcome that we want so we are not pitching for the moon .
`` Of course there are discussions , of course there are interests , but we all want the best outcome for Britain . ''
Mr Davis claimed his changeover period would last `` most likely something like two years - probably a bit shorter '' .
He said he expected to be able to negotiate for trade deals during the transition period - but admitted he would n't be able to implement them until Brexit is fully complete .
But he insisted the EU is now less hostile to Britain than it was last year .
`` There was a terror early on that we would be the first of many countries breaking off , '' he said . `` After the victory of Macron in France that terror has reduced . They 're no longer quite so afraid . So the punishment battalion side is now reducing . ''
Mr Davis also revealed a clearer statement on the key issue of the European Court of Justice will be published by the government next week .
He refused to rule out the ECJ overseeing the transition period - something Britain opposes . He said `` I do n't think so '' and `` let 's see how that plays out . ''
( Image : AFP )
Josh Hardie , CBI deputy director-general , said : `` Business wants to see as frictionless a customs system as possible , with a strong emphasis on digital systems that make it easier to trade .
`` But to secure frictionless trade , negotiations on regulation , tariff and non-tariff barriers will have to take place . All efforts should be made to deliver a single-step transition , so that businesses do n't have to adapt twice . ''
Adam Marshall , director general of the British Chambers of Commerce , said : `` Business is clear that a smooth transition to new arrangements is needed , and multiple adjustment costs must be avoided .
`` In the long term , we should aim to avoid imports and exports being subjected to two sets of customs checks , and to ensuring the smoothest possible future trade relationship between the UK and EU . ''
Labour former shadow chancellor Chris Leslie , a leading supporter of the Open Britain campaign group , said : `` It looks like the new unified position in the Cabinet is to return the Government to the territory of wanting to have their cake and eat it . ''
Tom Brake , the Liberal Democrats Brexit spokesman , said the Government 's `` extreme Brexit will end up leaving Britain poorer '' .
The Government has been urged to get behind blockchain in a bid to transform the nation 's data systems .
Eddie Hughes , MP for Walsall , has published a new paper highlighting the opportunities that the UK could benefit from by embracing blockchain technology , with a number of recommendations .
This includes appointing a public-facing Chief Blockchain Officer who would be responsible for co-ordinating efforts to get the technology into public sector organisations across the country .
UK Government Blockchain
Hughes recommends establishing a UK-based international blockchain competition to both inspire British entrepreneurs and attract international investment into home-grown companies .
He also proposes a UK ‘ blockchain departmental target ' : a long-term aim for government departments to make a one percent efficiency saving by embracing blockchain and other associated services .
Doing so will create an , `` unrivalled opportunity to begin to review and redesign the UK 's data systems , '' Hughes wrote in his paper , which was published by Institute of Economic Affairs thinktank FREER .
`` Whitehall and public services could be fundamentally rewired to empower citizens and better serve their needs , '' he added . ''
`` We should encourage digital entrepreneurship . By introducing a departmental target for blockchain efficiency savings , we can begin to generate a digital dividend to pass on to tax payers or to reinvest . And we can use a mix of classical liberal values and new technologies to strengthen individual freedom and improve the life chances of all . ''
`` We must harness the energy of entrepreneurial spirit created by these new world-changing technologies to ensure the future is freer . By engaging now , and recognising blockchain 's potential , we can ensure it is used by the state to empower individuals , and to afford us real control over our own data . ''
Alongside the new Lumix G9 , Panasonic has also announced the Leica-branded DG ELMARIT 200mm f/2.8 Power OIS telephoto prime lens . On a Micro Four Thirds camera , the lens delivers a focal length equivalent to 400mm .
If 400mm does n't get you close enough to your subject the new lens comes bundled with a 1.4x teleconverter ( the DMW-TC14 ) that boosts the focal length to 560mm ( 35mm equivalent ) . And if you need to fill the frame even more there 's an optional 2.0x teleconverter ( DMW-TC20 ) available , which delivers a focal length equivalent of 800mm .
Super-steady
400mm f/2.8 lenses are traditionally chunky affairs , which can make handheld shooting tricky even for hardened pros , but the compact design of the new lens makes this less of an issue . The lens also incorporates an O.I.S . ( Optical Image Stabilizer ) anti-shake system , while it 's compatible with both Dual I.S . ( Image Stabilizer ) and Dual I.S . 2 systems when mounted on compatible cameras like the Lumix G9 . Combined , this should enable handheld shooting at relatively fast shutter speeds .
With a fast f/2.8 maximum aperture , the Leica DG ELMARIT 200mm f/2.8 is made up of 15 elements in 13 groups . It features two UED ( Ultra Extra-low Dispersion ) lenses , which it 's claimed deliver excellent edge-to-edge sharpness and contrast while suppressing distortion and chromatic aberration .
The lens also incorporates a triple linear motor system with a 240fps sensor drive , which promises fast and accurate focusing for both photo and video recording . There 's also a micro-step drive system that helps the camera to smoothly manage brightness changes while panning .
Featuring a rugged , dust- and splash-proof design , the Leica DG ELMARIT 200mm f/2.8 Power OIS goes on sale in December in the UK and US priced at £2,699/ $ 2,999 . In Australia , the lens will go on sale in January 2018 , carrying a price tag of AU $ 4,299 .
Operation Gunnerside
The threat of an atomic Germany was the driving force behind the race for the Allies to develop their own nuclear bomb capability . It also drove to them to conceive of Operation Gunnerside , a clandestine operation to destroy the heavy water plant at Vemork , Norway . Heavy water is a necessary component for efficient nuclear fission reactions , and thus was highly prized by the Germans , who had invaded and taken over Norway in April of 1940 . The Vemork Plant was the only factory capable of producing heavy water , and thus became a crucial target for the Allies . Operation Gunnerside , which was undertaken on February 27 , 1943 , has been called the most successful act of sabotage of World War II . To read a full article on the archaeology of the site , go to “ The Secrets of Sabotage . ”
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Think you know how good Luis Suarez has been over the last year ? Think again .
While you are presumably well aware that the 'S ' in Barcelona 's MSN had a good 2016 , the numbers you can see below suggest that Suarez had an even better year than Lionel Messi .
In fact , when it comes to goals and assists in 2016 - two fairly important stats for attacking players - Suarez was n't just better than his brilliant teammate . He was the best player in the whole of Europe .
During the last 12 months , the former Liverpool man racked up more goals AND more assists than any other footballer in the English , Spanish , French , German or Italian leagues .
( Photo : David Ramos )
The no-longer-quite-so-bitey Uruguayan scored 37 La Liga goals over the calendar year . Purely in terms of league goals , that puts him ahead of Zlata Ibrahimovic ( 35 ) and his teammate Messi ( 32 ) at the top of the European list :
Most league goals in 2016 Top 5 European leagues , league goals only
A great , if not terribly surprising , achievement . After all , Suarez is a goalscorer . You would almost expect him to be at the top end of that table .
However , when it comes to assists , this sight is slightly more bizarre :
Most league assists in 2016 Top 5 European leagues , league only
The Barcelona No9 got himself 17 assists in La Liga during 2016 , putting him ahead of Messi again ( who set up 15 goals ) and Dimitri Payet ( also on 15 ) .
So , in short , last year saw Suarez score more league goals than anyone else… and set up more league goals than anyone else .
Not a bad record for the Barça man - but we know who takes the REAL credit for his accomplishments , do n't we ?
MENLO PARK , Calif. : Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) on Tuesday released a rule book for the types of posts it allows on its social network , giving far more detail than ever before on what is permitted on subjects ranging from drug use and sex work to bullying , hate speech and inciting violence .
Facebook for years has had “ community standards ” for what people can post . But only a relatively brief and general version was publicly available , while it had a far more detailed internal document to decide when individual posts or accounts should be removed .
Now , the company is providing the longer document on its website to clear up confusion and be more open about its operations , said Monika Bickert , Facebook 's vice president of product policy and counter-terrorism .
“ You should , when you come to Facebook , understand where we draw these lines and what 's OK and what 's not OK , ” Bickert told reporters in a briefing at Facebook 's headquarters .
Facebook has faced fierce criticism from governments and rights groups in many countries for failing to do enough to stem hate speech and prevent the service from being used to promote terrorism , stir sectarian violence and broadcast acts including murder and suicide .
At the same time , the company has also been accused of doing the bidding of repressive regimes by aggressively removing content that crosses governments and providing too little information on why certain posts and accounts are removed .
New policies will , for the first time , allow people to appeal a decision to take down an individual piece of content . Previously , only the removal of accounts , Groups and Pages could be appealed .
Facebook is also beginning to provide the specific reason why content is being taken down for a wider variety of situations .
Facebook , the world 's largest social network , has become a dominant source of information in many countries around the world . It uses both automated software and an army of moderators that now numbers 7,500 to take down text , pictures and videos that violate its rules . Under pressure from several governments , it has been beefing up its moderator ranks since last year .
Bickert told Reuters in an interview that the standards are constantly evolving , based in part on feedback from more than 100 outside organizations and experts in areas such as counter-terrorism and child exploitation .
“ Everybody should expect that these will be updated frequently , ” she said .
The company considers changes to its content policy every two weeks at a meeting called the “ Content Standards Forum , ” led by Bickert . A small group of reporters was allowed to observe the meeting last week on the condition that they could describe process , but not substance .
At the April 17 meeting , about 25 employees sat around a conference table while others joined by video from New York , Dublin , Mexico City , Washington and elsewhere .
Attendees included people who specialize in public policy , legal matters , product development , communication and other areas . They heard reports from smaller working groups , relayed feedback they had gotten from civil rights groups and other outsiders and suggested ways that a policy or product could go wrong in the future . There was little mention of what competitors such as Alphabet Inc 's Google ( GOOGL.O ) do in similar situations .
Bickert , a former U.S. federal prosecutor , posed questions , provided background and kept the discussion moving . The meeting lasted about an hour .
Facebook is planning a series of public forums in May and June in different countries to get more feedback on its rules , said Mary deBree , Facebook 's head of content policy .
FROM CURSING TO MURDER
The longer version of the community standards document , some 8,000 words long , covers a wide array of words and images that Facebook sometimes censors , with detailed discussion of each category .
Videos of people wounded by cannibalism are not permitted , for instance , but such imagery is allowed with a warning screen if it is “ in a medical setting . ”
Facebook has long made clear that it does not allow people to buy and sell prescription drugs , marijuana or firearms on the social network , but the newly published document details what other speech on those subjects is permitted .
Content in which someone “ admits to personal use of non-medical drugs ” should not be posted on Facebook , the rule book says .
The document elaborates on harassment and bullying , barring for example “ cursing at a minor. ” It also prohibits content that comes from a hacked source , “ except in limited cases of newsworthiness . ”
The new community standards do not incorporate separate procedures under which governments can demand the removal of content that violates local law .
In those cases , Bickert said , formal written requests are required and are reviewed by Facebook 's legal team and outside attorneys . Content deemed to be permissible under community standards but in violation of local law – such as a prohibition in Thailand on disparaging the royal family – are then blocked in that country , but not globally .
The community standards also do not address false information – Facebook does not prohibit it but it does try to reduce its distribution – or other contentious issues such as use of personal data.—Reuters
The fact that there are no apparent solid leads or suspects for the domestic terror package bombings that have killed Black people in Texas is distressing , to say the least .
See Also : There 's A Serial Domestic Terrorist On The Loose , And Black People Are The Targets
Three separate packages filled with explosives have been left at three separate homes in Austin since March 2 , when a 39-year-old man , who is Black , was killed while opening one . The other two incidents happened Monday , with one killing a 17-year-old Black boy and another injuring a grandmother , who is Hispanic . Police said the elderly woman may not have been the target of the attack .
The deadly Austin package explosions are targeting Black people , and all signs point directly to a White supremacy extremist domestic terrorist . https : //t.co/wCyuSBHyqH pic.twitter.com/WHhRrhC2ER — NewsOne ( @ newsone ) March 12 , 2018
The bombings became national news after the two blasts on Monday . It was a top story for just about every major media outlet in the country and prompted federal involvement of the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
But the optics are damning , as there have been few to none noteworthy developments in the investigation , which could be the result of law enforcement 's tried and true recipe of not prioritizing cases that involve Black death .
Investigators are backtracking on the possibility that a White domestic terror group is targeting Black people in Austin , TX . But there are dozens of groups in the state that could be behind the bombings…https : //t.co/zB1Pw7Wic6 pic.twitter.com/mumtETWSHN — NewsOne ( @ newsone ) March 13 , 2018
In contrast , it 's always much different when White folks are on the receiving end of domestic terrorism . The 2016 bombing in the Chelsea neighborhood of New York City set off an immediate manhunt that ended in a quick arrest and ultimate conviction . It was the same with the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing . And in the case of the elusive Unabomber , investigators conducted an unrelenting 18-year search .
There are clearly some differences between Austin and the other cases . The Boston Marathon bombing , for instance , happened at a major public event where there was public surveillance video available . Regardless , the sense of urgency shown by police in those cases do n't match up with what we ; 're seeing out of Austin right now . Coincidence ?
NewsOne called the Austin Police Department to request information on the investigation—suspect sketches , video , anything . However , the call went immediately unreturned .
SEE ALSO :
Here 's Everything We Know About The Deadly Bridge Collapse In Miami
Marielle Franco , Radical Black Female Politician , Executed In Brazil
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chilling footage has emerged of the laboratory where alleged jihadists prepared to detonate bombs dubbed `` Mother of Satan '' on Moscow shopping centres and trains , security officials claimed .
A video of an apparent bomb-making factory outside the capital shows how ingredients for improvised explosives were seized .
It comes as Russia 's Federal Security Service ( FSB ) said four suspects , including two would-be suicide bombers , were arrested .
Intelligence sources claimed ISIS ringleaders in Syria had given orders for a terror attack .
The cell allegedly planned to unleash a series of bombing atrocities on crowded transport and shopping locations across Moscow .
( Image : FSB video / east2west news )
( Image : FSB / east2west news )
Disturbing evidence of a powerful arms cache including assault rifles , grenades , and components for hydrogen peroxide bombs dubbed `` Mother of Satan '' was provided by the FSB .
The nickname was given to indicate the extreme power of the explosives .
The pictures and video indicate the factory was set up at a house on the outskirts of Moscow with fears more could be discovered .
`` The laboratory was located in a garage in Moscow region , '' said a secret services source .
( Image : FSB / RT / east2west news )
( Image : FSB / RT / east2west news )
`` They were making bombs by evaporated explosives from old weapons , adding TNT and gun powder they purchased and attaching detonators to this explosive mixture .
`` It can not be excluded that there were other laboratories elsewhere . ''
An FSB official cited by Interfax said : `` An urgent test of the substance seized from the detained terrorists revealed triacetone triperoxide , a very dangerous primary explosive . ''
This is peroxide-based and also known as TATP , believed to have been used by terrorist Salman Abedi in Manchester , along with attacks in Paris and Brussels .
( Image : FSB / RT / east2west news )
The FSB named the suspected ringleaders as Tajikistan citizens A.M.Shirindzhonov and T.M.Nazarov - both based in Syria .
One suspected suicide bomber detained in Moscow was named as Siyovushi Davronzoda , aged only 17 .
He told a court in Moscow : `` I admit my guilt . ''
Two others were named as Sulaimon Burkhonov , who also admitted his guilt , and Davlater Khodzhiyev .
The FSB said the suspects `` intended to carry out a series of terrorist attacks in crowded places , including on transport facilities and large shopping areas of Moscow '' .
The planned blasts were to be undertaken `` with the use of terrorist suicide attackers and powerful explosives '' .
The agency - once headed by Vladimir Putin - said : `` A laboratory manufacturing explosive substances and improvised explosive devices was discovered and disposed of in the Moscow region . ''
It is estimated that more than 4,000 Russian nationals , mostly from predominantly Muslim regions , have fought alongside IS militants in Syria .
Arsene Wenger claims 'nothing is good enough ' for
Did Arsenal not give their all ? Arsene Wenger res
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal won their first away game since February on Monday night after Arsene Wenger changed his formation to accommodate three central defenders .
Christian Benteke bullied Arsenal 's central pairing as the Gunners went down 3-0 at Selhurst Park last week , but the travelling fans finally had something to celebrate at the Riverside .
Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil scored as Arsenal beat Middlesbrough 2-1 . Laurent Koscielny , Rob Holding and Gabriel started centrally with Nacho Monreal and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain as wing-backs .
Arsenal headed back down south with all three points but it was far from a convincing performance . Keown , though , explained it will take time to adapt to the new system .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
`` The last time Arsene Wenger played with three at the back , I was in the team alongside Tony Adams and Steve Bould at Derby in May 1997 , '' Keown wrote in his column for the Mail .
`` If you want to play with a back three , you have to know the system inside out . It is not something you can simply adapt to overnight .
( Photo : @ BBCMOTD/Twitter )
`` We first started playing this way under Bruce Rioch . Even though we had a group of experienced central defenders , the system was initially difficult to pick up . It required walk-throughs every Monday morning in training of scenarios we might face . ''
He added : `` I can see Wenger persisting with the system between now and the end of the season . On Monday night , it was still very much a work in progress . ''
A TEEN used the trust he 'd gained from a long-term friendship to rape a girl while she slept in her own home .
The boy - who was aged 17 at the time - was invited to the then 16-year-old girl 's Currimundi home for a sleepover in March last year .
The pair slept next to each other in the lounge room on a double mattress with separate blankets .
In the early hours of the morning the teen - who ca n't be named - put two fingers inside the girl 's vagina while she was sleeping .
She woke and said , `` what the f -- - are you doing ? '' before falling back asleep .
Undeterred , he then pulled the girl 's underwear to the side and took photos of her genitals .
The flash from the camera woke her up again and her abuser quickly left .
By 10am that day , the teenage boy was being questioned by police and made full admissions .
He yesterday pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to single counts of rape and recordings in breach of privacy of the genital region .
Although the teen was 17 at the time of the offence , he was sentenced as an adult .
The court heard the pair had been friends for six or seven years and met when his family had moved from South Africa to Australia .
The teen had also hoped to become a police officer upon graduating Year 12 , but now had to consider doing a trade instead .
Judge John Robertson sentenced the teen to 12 months ' imprisonment for the rape , suspended immediately for 18 months and 18 months ' probation for taking the photos .
No convictions were recorded .
© Eyal Toueg
© Wikimedia Commons
`` It seems that as in most other countries , Israel 's food supply and our collective dietary habits do not ensure iodine sufficiency . Thus eliminating iodine deficiency and achieving optimal iodine status in Israel 's population will require a sustainable , government-regulated program of salt or food iodization . The costs are small and the benefits substantial and have been proven in over 160 countries around the world where this is done . ''
Acute iodine deficiency is costing Israelis IQ points and all we need to do to prevent neuro-damage is iodize salt like rest of world , say doctors.For the first time , Israelis have been surveyed for iodine levels and the discovered deficiencies have shocked scientists : 85 percent of pregnant women have insufficient iodine intake and the same goes for 62 percent of school-age children . Perhaps the chronic deficiency is even a cause behind the embarrassingly low scores by Israeli pupils in international exams.The median iodine concentration found in urine of the test subjects indicate that the iodine status in Israel is amongst the lowest in the world , writes the team . `` Most of the world adds iodine to salt . We do n't , '' explains researcher Prof. Aron Troen to Haaretz . Another issue is that arid Israel drinks a great deal of desalinated water , which could be exacerbating the problem of mineral deficiencies , including iodine.Iodine deficiency can lead to hypothyroidism , a condition slowing the metabolism . In newborns , it can lead to neurological impairment , warns the international group of scientists from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Maccabi Healthcare Services , Barzilai University Medical Center in Ashkelon and ETH Zurich in Switzerland , with support of the Iodine Global Network.Mild to moderate iodine deficiency is associated with the probability of cognitive impairment , or in other words , it can lower the IQ by some points . `` The cognitive risk is sub-clinical , '' Troen explained to Haaretz . `` It does not cause cretinism , but loss of potential IQ . We call ourselves Startup Nation , but that 's the top layer of the pyramid . At the base of the pyramid , there are very poor results . `` Iodine concentration is measured by urine tests , which is easy enough , but until now Israel has not only neglected to conduct iodine surveys : it had n't done any tracking of hypothyroidism . Now the team did that very thing , testing the urine of 1,023 schoolchildren and 1,074 pregnant women from all regions and major sectors in Israel ( Arab , Jewish secular and orthodox ) , during 2016.They found no difference between communities : nationally , 62 percent of Israeli children and 85 percent of Israel 's pregnant women have iodine concentrations below the World Health Organization 's `` adequacy range '' .Severe iodine deficiency leads to goiter , characterized by swelling of the neck , and does cause cretinism , which involves mental impairments as well as malformation and dwarfism.Given the implications , the scientists call on the government to stop ignoring the public health issues at stake , given that - according to the findings - practically every child in Israel is at risk : `` The majority of the population could be unlikely to realize its full intellectual potential , '' the team states . `` The immediate implication of our findings is that we need to improve the public 's intake of iodine , '' said Troen , the principal investigator at the Nutrition and Brain Health Laboratory , School of Nutrition Science , at Hebrew University.No , living next to the sea does n't prevent iodine deficiency . But one does not have to stand around helplessly while the iodine-deficient government slowly mulls what to do . `` Individuals can improve their iodine status through increased consumption of iodine-rich foods such as milk , dairy and salt water fish . They can also replace regular table salt with iodized salt , '' counseled Yaniv Ovadia , the doctoral student and registered dietitian who performed the study . Interestingly , iodized salt is hardly sold in Israel , and where it is , it costs a mint .
DALLAS - Two Dallas police officers have been critically wounded in a shooting outside a hardware store .
We can confirm that two @ DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded . We will provide updates as we get them . Please pray for our officers and their families . — Dallas Police Dept ( @ DallasPD ) April 24 , 2018
A civilian was also shot in this incident . The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time . — Dallas Police Dept ( @ DallasPD ) April 24 , 2018
The shooting happened about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas .
Dallas police tweeted that two officers are critically wounded and the condition of the civilian is not known at this time .
Aerial video showed police using a helicopter and trained dogs to search for a suspect in a wooded area next to the store parking lot .
The NBC Dallas affiliate reports that one person has been transported to Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas , according to a hospital spokesperson .
Stay with 10 News for updates to this breaking news story .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 . The Associated Press contributed to this report . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An aspiring cybersecurity expert has died during a “ trip of a lifetime ” to Australia .
“ Highly ambitious ” Chantelle Madonia had been working as a waitress in Sydney and hoped to spend a year in the country before returning home to Llanishen , Wales .
The 23-year-old former University of South Wales student had a master 's degree in global governance and had hoped to work in cybersecurity .
She died in her sleep from a heart condition on December 5 , her family said .
Thousands of pounds have since been raised to go towards funeral costs , reports Wales Online .
( Image : MEDIA WALES )
Chantelle 's aunt , Ellie Tomlin , 41 , said : “ Chantelle was so full of life and loved to travel and study . She always supported her friends and family and was always thinking and worrying about others . ”
“ Every picture you see of her Chantelle always had a smile and that 's what comforts us '' , her aunt said .
`` She was very strong-minded . She was very ambitious .
“ We knew Chantelle was popular but we 've had so many people want to help us , not just with fundraising but also coming to the house . We never thought this would happen but she just inspired so many people .
Chantelle had planned to spend a year in Australia after previously travelling to Thailand and Nepal .
( Image : MEDIA WALES )
“ She had friends from all over the world and we 've had messages from people she met in different countries . It 's just been phenomenal , ” said Mrs Tomlin .
More than £8,000 has been raised to go towards funeral costs .
There are plans to donate any extra money raised to the British Heart Foundation .
An online fundraising page stated : “ All we want to do is to celebrate the courageous , outgoing , wonderful life she lived in such a small space of time . ”
By The Associated Press
GENOA , Italy ( AP ) — The Italian league game between host Genoa and Atalanta has been postponed by 24 hours due to bad weather .
The match was scheduled for Monday at 7 p.m. local time ( 1800 GMT ) but will now be played Tuesday at the same time .
Snow has been falling in northern Italy and is expected to get heavier on Monday .
Genoa is 16th in Serie A , two points above the relegation zone and seven below mid-table Atalanta .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
NEW LONDON , Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family , December 7 , 2017 .
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries , but not all can make it home for the holidays .
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May this morning signalled she was intent on pursuing Brexit at any cost .
The Prime Minister has acknowledged a leaked Whitehall analysis painting a gloomy picture of the post-Brexit UK economy , but insisted she will press on regardless .
“ It 's important of course that the government looks at the analysis that is available , ” May told the BBC .
“ But of course it 's also important that the government does what the British people want us to do — the British people want us to leave the European Union and that is what we will be doing . ”
But she continues to resist pressure on her to step down , insisting `` I 'm not a quitter . ''
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
It comes as fresh divisions opened up in Government over Brexit .
The Prime Minister 's Brexit advisors are reportedly secretly considering plans to strike a customs union deal with the EU .
But Trade Secretary Liam Fox , who is travelling back from China on the same plane as the PM played down the idea .
He said : “ It is very difficult to see how being in a customs union is compatible with having an independent trade policy , because we would therefore be dependent on what the EU negotiated in terms of its trading policies and we 'd be following behind that . ”
( Image : REUTERS )
Meanwhile , prominent Tory MP Johnny Mercer defended Mrs May from calls for her to step down , but said she needed to set out her vision for the UK .
The Prime Minister is `` the best and the only option '' to lead the Tories `` at the moment '' , Johnny Mercer said .
But the backbencher - who has been tipped as a potential future leader - said Mrs May was `` in a very difficult position '' over Brexit .
`` This is what people voted for , people did know there was going to be a period of uncertainty , '' he said .
( Image : Plymouth Herald/SWNS )
`` Like anybody else , I would like to see a vision on it . ''
There are `` fundamental questions '' she needs to answer but `` there is no point going into a negotiation saying 'this is what I want from it ' and showing all your cards straight away , '' he acknowledged .
On BBC Radio 4 's Today programme the Plymouth Moor View MP insisted that Brexit was `` not the defining issue '' of the Conservative Party .
With an eye on May 's local elections , he said : `` We need to see more vision , we need to give people something to vote for . ''
The Conservatives need to `` do a bit better '' at getting their message across , he said .
But he insisted that it was not in the party 's interest to oust Mrs May .
`` She is the best and the only option at the moment , '' he said .
`` We are going through a very difficult transition phase at the moment and she is clearly the best person to lead us through that . ''
Mr Mercer added : `` When you say you are going to do something , there is a window of opportunity to get that done where the British public will stick with you .
`` I do think we have to do better on a domestic agenda , we have to start answering some of the fundamental questions of our time - but we are doing that . ''
`` There is more to this party than Europe . ''
He insisted the Prime Minister was showing leadership by managing the warring Brexit factions in the Conservative Party .
`` She has got these two sides who are diametrically opposed on some issues and it is being kept together . ''
Former Lawton judge David B. Lewis is among six Oklahomans who will be honored May 2 at the A.C. Hamlin Banquet in Oklahoma City .
The event , set at the Nation Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum , is dedicated to the memory of Albert Comstock Hamlin , the first African American elected to the Oklahoma Legislature ( in 1908 ) and the only African American to serve until 1964 . The banquet is sponsored by the Oklahoma Black Caucus Foundation .
Lewis , the first African American to serve on the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals , was a Comanche County prosecutor , a special district judge in the county from 1991 to 1999 , and a district judge for Comanche , Stephens , Jefferson and Cotton counties from 1999 to 2005 . He was named to the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals in 2005 by then-Gov . Brad Henry , and was the court 's presiding judge from 2013-2014 .
Lewis graduated from the University of Oklahoma College of Law in 1983 . His activities include president of the Oklahoma Judicial Conference , membership in the Class of 2008 Henry Toll Fellowship Program of the Council of State Governments and past chair of Reach Out and Read Oklahoma . He is a fellow of the Oklahoma Bar Foundation and the American Bar Association ; co-chair of the Oklahoma Bar Bench and Bar Committee ; and a member of the board of directors for the Girl Scouts of Western Oklahoma and the OU College of Law 's Board of Visitors .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A cervical cancer survivor who missed a routine smear test months before her diagnosis is urging women to keep up-to-date with check-ups .
Samantha Kemp , 39 , of Cambridge , has been clear of cancer for five years .
Back in 2012 , her life was saved by a routine doctor 's appointment .
But having missed a smear test months before she was diagnosed , Sam wants to remind women how important it is to get regular check-ups .
She said : `` I was the kind of person that never really went to the doctors unless something was very , very wrong .
`` The only reason I booked the appointment was because I wanted to go back on the pill .
`` In the back of my mind I realised I had n't been for a check up for a long time , and I was also a year overdue for my last smear test . I 'd moved house and had n't registered with my GP . ''
Looking back , Sam said she had a lot of symptoms of cervical cancer but kept finding other explanations .
`` I had all of the symptoms of cervical cancer , but at the time I had dismissed them all for one reason or another .
`` It is only looking back that I can see that combined they added up to something a bit out of the normal .
`` I was having intermittent bleeding after sex and sporadically throughout the month , but I thought that was my body readjusting to being on the pill .
`` I talked to my mum about it too , but you just do n't join the dots .
`` When I had the appointment , the whole thing was very quick from that point onwards . They told me I had abormal cells , they were cancerous , and they were aggresive .
`` They burned some of the cells out with a laser there and then , and took a biopsy at the same time .
`` Within a month I had been for an colposcopy ( a procedure used to look at the cervix ) at Addenbrooke 's , had a loop procedure , an MRI to find out how big the tumour was , and was diagnosed with stage 1b cervical cancer .
`` 1b meant it was treatable . I had a successful trachelectomy and am therefore lucky in that I should still be able to have children should I wish to . I did n't even have to have any chemo or radiotherapy . ''
Surprisingly , Sam said finding out she had cancer was easier to hear than finding out she might not be able to have children .
`` I remember the only time I really broke down in tears was when they gave me the news I might not be able to have children .
`` Before they knew how advanced my cancer was , they told me I might have to have a hysterectomy .
`` I burst into tears when I heard that . Even when I had the diagnosis I kept it together and stayed relatively calm , because I received the call at work so I had to just take a deep breath and hold it together .
`` Other people 's reactions are quite hard too because they hear the word cancer and they panic . ''
Despite Sam 's full recovery , she regrets that she did n't take smear tests seriously .
`` Even though I was lucky , I felt frustrated that the whole ordeal was something I could have prevented . I would n't have needed to put myself through it all if I had gone to my smear tests .
`` Having it done is one of those things that no woman likes , it 's a bit uncomfortable , but it 's a no-brainer . Living with cancer is much worse .
`` I am very , very aware now of how important it is to go to your regular check-ups .
`` No one should die from cervical cancer . It is very treatable if you catch it in time . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
2017 was a tough year , as we said goodbye to some of our best known and well-loved figures - from Sir Bruce Forsyth and Keith Chegwin to John Hurt and Tara Palmer-Tomkinson .
And the losses continued into 2018 with famous names from Dolores O'Riordan to Jon Paul Steuer , and Bella Emberg to Cyrille Regis sadly passing away in January alone .
Here 's a look at all of the celebrities we 've lost in 2018 so far who have inspired generations .
FEBRUARY
Dennis Edwards
( Image : Getty Images North America )
Dennis Edwards , former lead singer of legendary soul music group The Temptations , died on February 2 aged 74 .
The Grammy winner passed away in hospital just one day before his 75th birthday following complications from meningitis . Edwards lent his vocals to the band 's biggest hits , including Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone and I Ca n't Get Next To You .
JANUARY
Mark E. Smith
( Image : Redferns )
Mark E. Smith , frontman of avant-garde band The Fall , died on January 24 aged 60 .
Smith founded the iconic post-punk group in 1976 after he attended a concert by the Sex Pistols . The musician had been the only constant member of the band , with a line-up that has changed numerous times over its 40-year history .
Jack Ketchum
American actor and horror writer Jack Ketchum died on January 24 at the age of 71 from cancer .
Born Dallas Mayr but working under a pseudonym , Ketchum 's novels won him a slew of awards , with many of his books being adapted into films .
As well as a writing career spanning decades , Jack appeared in a handful of films based on his work . He played Teddy Panik in 2006 's The Lost , Carnival in 2007 's The Girl Next Door and twice as Dallas Mayr in Red and Offspring .
Connie Sawyer
( Image : NBCUniversal )
The American star dubbed Hollywood 's hardest working actress , passed away in her retirement home at the age of 105 on January 23 .
A glittering career that spanned six decades , she appeared in fan favourites such as ER , Seinfeld and Will & Grace , as well as many more .
She starred alongside the likes of Frank Sinatra , Meg Ryan and Sophie Tucker and got her first film role at the age of 49 .
Jimmy Armfield
England football star Jimmy Armfield died on January 22 after a long battle against cancer .
The former Blackpool great - who played 43 times for his country - was 82 .
He played 627 games overall between 1954 and 1971 , and later managed Leeds United and Bolton Wanderers after retiring from playing .
Howard Lew Lewis
( Image : BBC )
The comedian Howard Lew Lewis died aged 76 on January 20 in Edinburgh , displaying early signs of dementia .
Lewis starred in Maid Marian and Her Merry Men , Brush Strokes and Blackadder .
Actors Tony Robinson and Chris Rankin both took to social media to share their sadness at his passing .
Fredo Santana
( Image : Instagram/Fredo Santana )
American rapper Fredo Santana , real name Derrick Coleman , died on January 20 at the age of 27 .
The star was a cousin of rapper Chief Keef . His debut album Trappin Ai n't Dead was released in 2013 and featured a collaboration with Kendrick Lamar . Fredo also appeared in Drake 's video for Hold On , We 're Going Home , playing a man who kidnapped Drake 's girlfriend .
Simon Shelton Barnes
The actor who played Tinky Winky , the handbag-carrying Teletubbie in the BBC children 's series , died on January 17 , just four days after his 52nd birthday .
The uncle of Inbetweeners actress Emily Atack once said that being in the Teletubbies was “ a bit like the Beatles or Take That of television ” .
As well as his work on Teletubbies , Simon played the terrifying Dark Knight in the 1990s CBBC show Incredible Games .
Jessica Falkholt
( Image : piamiller/Instagram )
Home and Away star Jessica Falkholt died on January 17 aged 29 . Her death came three weeks after the devastating Boxing Day crash which killed her family .
The Home and Away actress died six days after her life support was withdrawn .
The close-knit Falkholt family were thought to be driving home to Sydney along the Princes Highway after a short festive break when their car was involved in the devastating head-on collsion .
Jessica appeared as Hope Morrison in the Aussie soap Home and Away in 2016 .
The up and coming actress also starred in the upcoming supernatural thriller Harmony , set to be released in 2018 .
Moya O'Sullivan
( Image : Network 10 )
Neighbours star Moya O'Sullivan died aged 91 on January 16 .
Best known for playing Marlene Kratz , she was dubbed 'Australia 's favourite mum and grandmother ' .
A popular figure , a tribute in The Sydney Morning Herald read : `` Much loved by all , especially by her brother Peter , sister-in-law Kaaren , aunt to Mark , Cait and Bridget , great aunt to Phoebe and Ursela , grandmother to Harriet and James .
`` Also Andrew and Sarah . Bless her eternal soul . ''
Ed Doolan
( Image : Publicity picture )
Legendary BBC radio presenter Ed Doolan died peacefully in his sleep in the early hours of January 16 . The star had been battling vascular dementia since 2013 .
Ed started his career in radio at BRMB ( now Free Radio Birmingham ) in 1974 before moving to BBC West Midlands in 1982 .
He was awarded the MBE for services to broadcasting and charity and was also the recipient of a Sony Gold Award .
Peter Wyngarde
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Actor Peter Wyngarde died on January 15 at the age of 90
The star was best known for his role as sleuth Jason King in Department S and its spin-off Jason King .
He also starred in the 1980 Flash Gordon movie as metal-masked villain General Klytus .
Peter also starred in the very first British gay drama , South , which aired on ITV in 1959 and was met with a backlash of furious homophobic abuse from the public and media at the time .
Dolores O'Riordan
Cranberries star Dolores O'Riordan died on January 15 aged 46 .
As the lead singer of Irish rock band The Cranberries , she rose to international fame in the 1990s with their debut album Everybody Else Is Doing It , So Why Ca n't We ?
She also released two solo albums , and appeared as a judge on the Irish version of reality singing competition show The Voice .
Cyrille Regis
( Image : Bob Thomas Sports Photography )
West Brom and Coventry legend Cyrille Regis died on January 14 aged 59 after suffering a heart attack .
The former striker was a pioneer for black footballers in the late 1970s . Regis won five caps for England and was awarded an MBE in 2008 .
Cyrille Regis in his own words : Late football star on racism , his England debut and life as the underdog
Hugh Wilson
( Image : Copyright ( c ) 2014 Shutterstock . No use without permission . )
Hugh Wilson died on January 14 at the age of 74 .
The director was well known for making films such as Police Academy and The First Wives Club .
He also created the acclaimed sitcom WKRP in Cincinnati and won awards for his work , including an Emmy in 1988 for Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series .
Keith Jackson
( Image : Getty Images North America )
Keith Jackson , the voice of American college football , died on January 12 aged 89 .
The legendary broadcaster spent 56 years covering the sport before his final game in 2006 .
Jackson served on American channel ABC Sports , and became synonymous with his trademark line `` Whoa , Nellie . ''
Bella Emberg
( Image : Mirrorpix )
Blunderwoman comedy star Bella Emberg died on January 12 at the age of 80 .
She found fame in the 1980s , most notably alongside Russ Abbot , with whom she shared a comedy partnership .
Emberg also starred in TV shows as diverse as The Lily Savage Show and Doctor Who .
Last summer she spoke exclusively to the Daily Mirror about her career in a fascinating interview .
Doreen Tracey
( Image : Getty )
Doreen Tracey , one of the original Disney Mouseketeers , died on January 10 at the age of 74 .
The performer had battled cancer for two years , but sadly developed pneumonia as a complication .
At the age of 12 , Doreen became one of the child stars of The Mickey Mouse Club , the popular TV show which aired between 1955 and 1959 .
Eddie Clarke
( Image : Redferns )
Heavy metal star 'Fast ' Eddie Clarke died on January 10 aged 67 following a battle with pneumonia .
Guitarist Clarke was one of the founding members of Motorhead and the last surviving member of the band 's original line-up .
Tommy Lawrence
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Former Liverpool goalkeeper Tommy Lawrence died on January 9 aged 77 .
Known as `` The Flying Pig '' by Reds fans , the Scot made 390 appearances for the Reds over 14 years in the first team .
Lawrence hit the headlines in 2015 when he was stopped by a reporter in the street and asked for his memories of the 1967 derby match between Liverpool and Everton , with the interviewer unaware that he had played in that very match .
Jerry Van Dyke
( Image : Getty )
Comedian Jerry Van Dyke died on January 5 at the age of 86 .
Jerry made his television debut on The Dick Van Dyke show , later appearing on The Judy Garland Show and Coach , with his final TV role being for The Middle in 2015 .
He is survived by his wife Shirley , three children , and older brother Dick Van Dyke .
John Young
( Image : SSPL via Getty Images )
Astronaut John Young , the ninth man to walk on the Moon , died on January 5 aged 87 .
The former U.S Navy Test pilot became one of only 12 people ever to set foot on the surface of the Moon on a mission in 1972 .
Young is one of the most accomplished astronauts in the history of the US space program .
He flew into space twice as part of the mid-1960s Gemini program , twice on the Apollo lunar missions and twice on space shuttles in the 1980s .
Jon Paul Steuer
( Image : trekonlinegame/Twitter )
Star Trek actor Jon Paul Steuer died on January 1 aged 33 .
With an acting career that began at the age of 3 , Steur eventually landed the role of Alexander Rozhenko , son of Lieutenant Worf , on Star Trek : The Next Generation in 1990 .
Later on , he starred in TV series Grace Under Fire as Quentin Kelly
Steur went on to become a musician and restaurateur under the name Jonny P Jewels .
A CAVE explorer assisting Thai authorities trying to rescue 12 trapped schoolboys believes `` we 'll know in the next 24 hours '' if they will live or die .
British cave expert Vern Unsworth , who lives in Thailand , said the conditions were getting worse and there was now a narrow window in which the group could escape .
`` I think we 'll know in the next 24 hours ... We 'll keep our fingers crossed - everybody needs to pray and hope for a good outcome , '' Mr Unsworth told the BBC .
The boys aged between 11 and 16 , along with their football coach , have been trapped in the flooded Tham Luang cave system for 12 days .
But heavy monsoon rain is coming , and Mr Unsworth said rain that had already fallen had caused a dramatic rise in water levels in the cave .
`` The main thing is to try to get the children to safety . We have to keep hoping . The water levels are rising , we had a lot of rain overnight . ''
He said the temperature of the water was cold , although the air temperature was n't an issue .
The challenge ahead of the group is enormous - none of them are divers and some ca n't even swim .
They have also been weak after spending days without food , but are gaining in strength after being given high-protein drinks .
Authorities insist they wo n't begin the rescue mission that has gripped the whole world until it was safe to do so . It will be dawn there at about 8.30am AEST .
`` We have to be 100 per cent confident that there is no risk to the boys before we evacuate , '' Narongsak Osottanakorn , Chiang Rai provincial governor , told reporters .
`` We will take care of them like they are our own children , '' he said .
The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus , he added , but from the safety of the muddy bank which for now remains their sanctuary .
Getting out of the cave wo n't be easy .
It will require diving of about a kilometre which could not be completed all at once . In total , it was expected to take three hours .
Another British expert , Gary Mitchell , described the challenging conditions . `` There 's air pockets along the way , '' he told the Associated Press .
`` It 's confined spaces . It 's almost zero visibility . There are currents to battle against in places as well . So it 's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in . ''
Doctors and nurses were seen moving up to the entrance of the flooded cave last night , fuelling speculation that an attempt was imminent .
Medical staff were filmed leaving the staging area further down the slope and were on the move to the mouth of the cave as reports emerged the rescue mission could begin as soon as this morning .
Doctors and nurses are making their way from the staging area up towards the mouth of the cave where 12 boys and their soccer coach remain trapped @ 9NewsSyd pic.twitter.com/gkKN1qE6MU — Alice Monfries ( @ alicemonfries ) July 4 , 2018
DIVE LESSONS
Classmates and friends of the schoolboys also reportedly were near the cave 's entrance singing songs of support . After a day of sustained pumping efforts , water levels inside the massive cave complex have ben reduced and fierce currents have eased , The Australian reports .
However , that was before the rain that lashed the area yesterday afternoon .
The newspaper reports it has been told that fast-water currents inside the cave have eased to a standstill and with monsoonal rains expected to resume by Friday , conditions for the rescue are as good as they are likely to get .
Royal Thai Navy SEALs have been teaching the boys and their coach - none of whom can swim - how to breathe in a full face scuba mask .
But officials have warned not all of the 12 schoolboys , and their coach , may be able to come out of the cave at the same time .
Chiang Rai provincial governor Narongsak Osatanakorn said yesterday that `` all 13 may not come out at the same time '' .
`` If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 per cent , he can come out , '' he said .
Thai authorities have been working with Navy SEALs to run a fibre optic internet line into the flooded cave so that phone calls can be made in and out .
NEW VIDEO OF LAUGHING BOYS
Despite the imminent danger , the children have appeared in a new video , laughing as they greet the camera to say they are in good health .
The footage , published by the Thai Navy SEAL Facebook page , runs by 11 of the 13 members of the team , each makes a traditional Thai greeting gesture to the camera before introducing themselves by nickname and saying `` I 'm in good health '' .
Some appeared to be wearing a change of clothes since they were found late Monday and most were wrapped in foil warming blankets .
The 12 schoolboys in baggy football kits and their coach were discovered yesterday to jubilant celebrations , but it was warned that the rescue operation to guide them through the cave 's 2km system could take up to four months .
The reason the boys entered the cave , according to a Dutch diver working in Thailand , was to write their names on the wall as part of an initiation ritual .
With heavy rains forecast to worsen flooding in a cave in northern Thailand where 12 boys and their soccer coach are waiting to be extracted by rescuers , authorities say they might be forced to have them swim out through a narrow passage .
Sky News reported that Dutch diver Ben Reymenants , who runs a diving school in Phuket , had made contact with the boys .
He said when the boys ventured into the Tham Luang Nang Non cave complex to write their names on the walls , a flash flood trapped them .
`` They left their backpacks and their shoes before wading in there , trying to go to the end of the tunnel like an initiation for local young boys , '' he said .
RESCUE OPTIONS
The Interior Minister Anupong Paojinda said evacuating the boys `` must speed up '' as soon as possible before more rain falls and exacerbates the flooding .
The grim forecast could force authorities to have the children - who can not swim - out through a narrow , underwater passage in the cave .
`` If something happens midway , it could be life-threatening . '' Mr Paojinda said .
`` Diving is not easy . For people who have never done it , it will be difficult , unlike diving in a swimming pool , because the cave 's features have small channels . ''
There are a couple of other options on the table if that does n't work and the heavy rains subside .
Australian Federal Police help in the rescue mission .
Authorities are considering digging them out of the cave , but if this goes wrong it could cause the cavern where the team has taken refuge to cave in .
Rescuers could potentially drain the caves enough to allow the boys to wade or float out with life vests .
The final option is to leave them in there for three or four months until the rains subside is also being considered .
The group of 13 , who disappeared when flooding trapped them in the cave they were exploring on June 23 after a soccer game , were found by rescue divers late Monday night in the cavern in northern Chiang Rai province during a desperate search .
The effort drew international help and has riveted Thailand .
The aunt of coach Ekapol Chantawong shows a picture of the 25-year-old and his grandmother .
Detective Superintendent Thomas Hester said the team of six divers from the Australian Federal Police faced `` incredibly challenging '' conditions .
Rescuers have asked for 15 small and extra small full face masks , leading to speculation that divers were preparing a rescue mission through the 750-metre flooded stretch of the Tham Luang Nang Non cave .
Media have been told it was too dangerous to use conventional breathing apparatus as it could easily be knocked out during the dive .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach were described as healthy and being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave .
They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
It has been revealed that the boys visited the cave to attempt a local initiation rite in which they had to scrawl their names on a wall at the end of the tunnel .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , it 's clear that some areas of the sprawling cavern can not be drained , said Mr Paojinda , a member of Thailand 's ruling military junta .
In order to get them out ahead of the bad weather forecast for later in the week , they might need to use diving gear while being guided by professional divers , he said .
Mr Anupong said the boys would be brought out via the same complicated route through which their rescuers entered , and he conceded that if something went awry , it could be disastrous .
Yesterday , a video released by the Thai navy showed the boys in their soccer uniforms sitting in a dry area inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave above the water as a light held by a rescuer was shone on their faces .
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safer to simply supply them where they are for now , rather than trying to have the boys dive out . That could take months , however , given that Thailand 's rainy season typically lasts through October .
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring them out , since they 're safe where they are . A doctor and a nurse were with them in the cave .
`` We have given the boys food , starting from easily digested and high-powered food with enough minerals , '' Arpakorn told a news conference .
Having them dive out of the cave was one of several options being considered , `` but if we are using this plan , we have to be certain that it will work and have to have a drill to make sure that it 's 100 per cent safe , '' he said .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said the health of the boys and coach were checked using a field assessment in which red is critical condition , yellow is serious and green is stable .
`` We found that most of the boys are in green condition , '' he said .
`` Maybe some of the boys have injuries or light injuries and would be categorised as yellow condition . But no one is in red condition . ''
Relatives keeping vigil at the mouth of the cave since the ordeal began rejoiced at the news that their boys and their coach had been found .
`` I want to give him a hug . I miss him very much , '' said Tham Chanthawong , an aunt of the coach .
`` In these 10 days , how many million seconds have there been ? I 've missed him every second . ''
Video footage shows the boys trapped in the cave . The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus .
BOYS FOUND ALIVE
Rick Stanton and John Volanthen , two expert cave divers from Britain , found the group about 300-400 metres past a section of the cave on higher ground that was believed to be where they might have taken shelter .
In the 5-minute navy video , the boys were seen wearing their soccer uniforms and were calm , curious and polite .
They also were keen to get some food . After an initial exchange in which a rescuer determines that all 13 are present , one of the boys asked what day it was , and a rescuer replied : `` Monday . Monday . You have been here - 10 days . ''
The rescuer told them `` you are very strong . ''
The traditional reserve of Thai children toward adults broke slightly after a while , and one boy told another in Thai , `` Tell them we are hungry . ''
`` We have n't eaten , '' a boy said in Thai , then in English : `` We have to eat , eat , eat ! ''
A rescuer assured them that `` navy SEALs will come tomorrow , with food and doctors and everything . '' At the end of the video , a boy asked in English , `` Where do you come from ? ''
The rescue diver replied , `` England , UK . ''
Rescuer workers prepare to deliver small diving masks to the boys .
Besides the protein drink , Narongsak said they were given painkillers and antibiotics , which doctors had advised as a precaution .
He said officials had met and agreed on the need to `` ensure 100 per cent safety for the boys when we bring them out . ''
`` We worked so hard to find them and we will not lose them , '' he said .
Cave diver Ben Reymenants , part of the team assisting the rescue effort , told NBC 's `` Today '' show that he was `` very surprised obviously that they are all alive and actually mentally also healthy . ''
While they appear responsive , `` they are very weak and very skinny , '' he added .
Reymenants said the easiest option would be to `` keep pumping the water out of the cave . They need another 3 or 4 feet so they can literally float them out with life jackets . ''
`` But time is not on their side , '' he noted , because of the heavy rain forecast .
He added that two Thai navy doctors have volunteered to stay with them for months , if needed .
The British Cave Rescue Council , which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that `` although water levels have dropped , the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering . ''
Joining the British are other experts from around the world and teams from the U.S. , Australia , China and elsewhere .
Authorities said efforts would continue outside the cave , where teams have been scouring the mountainside for other entrances to the caverns . Several fissures have been found and teams have explored some , although so far , none lead to the trapped boys . - with wires
( ABC News ) — A jury found Monday that a preponderance of evidence showed that former DJ David Mueller groped Taylor Swift .
The Denver jury , comprised of six women and two men , also found that the singer 's mother , Andrea Swift , and her radio manager , Frank Bell , did not intentionally interfere with Mueller 's contract and were not responsible for his firing .
The jury voted to award Swift the $ 1 she filed for .
Related Content : Taylor Swift groping trial draws attention to hidden outrage
“ I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration , my attorneys Doug Baldridge , Danielle Foley , Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault , and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process , ” Swift said in a statement obtained by ABC News . “ I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life , in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this . My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard . Therefore , I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves . ”
The verdict came Monday about four hours after lawyers for both Swift and Mueller made their closing arguments . Last Friday U.S. District Judge William Martinez threw out the former radio host 's suit against Taylor Swift , saying there was not enough evidence to prove she got him fired from his Denver radio station . However , Mueller 's claim against Swift 's mother and her radio manager , Bell , was allowed to proceed , the judge said .
Mueller accused Andrea Swift and Bell of getting him fired .
Related Content : Judge tosses DJ 's suit against Taylor Swift in groping trial
During her testimony , Andrea Swift , like her daughter , said she did not intentionally call the radio station looking to get Mueller fired , just that “ he committed a sexual assault on my daughter ” and “ I wanted them [ his employers at KYGO ] to make their own conclusion . ”
Bell , a longtime family friend of the Swifts who serves as an intermediary between the singer and radio stations , said he merely asked the station to look into things .
“ All I asked him to do is investigate and take action , ” he said .
Mueller had accused Taylor Swift of “ intentional interference with contractual obligations , ” which he said caused him to lose his job .
The former DJ first sued Swift in 2015 , claiming that she falsely accused him of grabbing her backside at a 2013 meet-and-greet , causing him to lose his job . Taylor Swift then filed a countersuit for assault and battery , claiming that Mueller “ took his hand and put it up my dress , ” according to court documents obtained by ABC News .
Related Content : Taylor Swift wants case to serve as example to other victims
Last week , Mueller , Taylor Swift , Andrea Swift , Bell and Mueller 's ex Shannon Melcher , who was present at the time of the alleged incident , all testified in court .
While Mueller and Melcher both testified that the former radio deejay did n't grab or intend to grab the pop singer on her backside , Taylor Swift herself was adamant when she told the jury that Mueller reached up under her skirt and “ latched on to my bare ass cheek . ”
She added : “ He was busy grabbing my ass underneath my skirt . ”
Mueller said in depositions that his damages amounted to about $ 3 million ; Taylor Swift was seeking compensatory , actual and punitive damages in an amount to be proven at trial .
The singer has said that she will donate any money she receives to charities .
July 4 ( UPI ) -- Joey Chestnut and Miki Sudo continued their Fourth of July tradition of breaking records in Nathan 's Famous International Hot Dog Eating Contest on Wednesday on Coney Island 's famed boardwalk in Brooklyn , N.Y .
Chestnut , 34 , of San Jose , Calif. , won his 11th title by consuming a record 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes . He surpassed his previous record of 72 last year .
Miki Sudo , 33 , of Las Vegas , won her fifth title in a row in the women 's competition , chowing down 37 dogs .
The annual Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest was televised on ESPN2 .
Chestnut , who weighs 230 pounds , finished by a big margin .
Carmen Cincotti , 25 , of Mays Landings , N.J. , had 63 and Geoffrey Esper , 42 , of Oxford , Mass. , trailed with 43 .
When the event ended , the scorecard showed Chestnut with 64 dogs and Cincotti with 45 . But it was later revealed that an entire plate was n't counted for both .
`` The judges could n't keep up with me , '' Chestnut said during the ESPN2 broadcast .
`` I love to eat . I thought I 'd just have fun and enjoy the food . ''
Three years ago , Matt `` The Megatoad '' Stonie , 26 , ended Chestnut 's eight-year winning streak . Chestnut finished second behind fellow San Jose resident , who finished finished far back this year .
In 2007 , Chestnut dethroned Takeru Kobayashi , from Japan , who won six titles in a row .
In 2001 , Kobayashi ate 50 hot dogs and buns -- doubling the previous record . He has n't competed since 2009 due to a refusal to sign an exclusive deal with Major League Eating .
In the women 's competition , Sudo was five behind her effort last year .
Michelle Lesco , 34 , of Tucson , Ariz. , finished second with 27 , one better than three-time champ Sonja `` The Black Widow '' Thomas , 51 , of Alexandria , Va. , who owns the record with 45 .
In 1916 , Polish immigrant Nathan Handwerker opened a nickel hot dog stand on Coney Island with a $ 300 loan from two friends . It 's still there at Surf and Stillwell .
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account ?
Your account has been deleted ! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration .
The Bank of Canada held its key interest rate target , but hinted that rate hikes
The Bank of Canada is seen in Ottawa on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday , but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter .
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country 's big banks — at 1.25 per cent .
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment , but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market ” continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates . ”
“ Going forward , solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018 , ” it said .
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track , but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies .
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target , but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data .
“ In particular , the bank will continue to assess the economy 's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity , ” it said .
Related : Bank of Canada holds benchmark interest rate as economic growth moderates
Related : Bank of Canada says Canadians owe $ 2 trillion as it mulls next rate hike
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday , but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year .
The central bank 's statement had “ a hawkish tone , suggesting the next rate hike is not far off , ” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto .
“ All told , the positives seem to outweigh the negatives , ” DePratto wrote in a note to clients .
“ Gone was the reference to ‘ caution ' that typified the last few statements . Today 's statement instead chose the term ‘ gradual ' to describe the approach to policy adjustments . Importantly , interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus . ”
The central bank 's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012 .
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices , but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump .
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer , increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans .
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report .
Craig Wong , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
The removal of her ovaries never came up during her surgery consultations .
Lucinda Methuen-Campbell was considering treatment for a bowel disorder at the Spire Hospital in Bristol , England , in 2016 .
A surgeon there , Anthony Dixon , had gained international recognition for fixing patients ' bowel problems with vaginal mesh implants . Methuen-Campbell went ahead with the surgery — and was shocked to learn afterward that Dixon had removed her ovaries .
She asked him why .
`` He said he thought he 'd done me a favour . And he said , ' I thought you know , a woman of your age would n't really need her ovaries , ' `` Methuen-Campbell told the BBC .
`` I said , 'Why did you remove them ? ' and he just said , 'They were in the way , ' `` she said . `` My life is absolutely ruined . ''
Things got worse . The implant had left her in severe pain , which , as time passed , grew more agonizing .
Methuen-Campbell was recently found dead , having hanged herself in her Swansea attic , the BBC reported . Swansea assistant coroner Aled Gruffydd concluded her death was a suicide , saying the operation `` was unsuccessful and made her pain worse and it affected her mental health . '' She was 58 .
`` I 'm satisfied without doubt that she intended to take her own life , '' Gruffydd said during an inquest into Methuen-Campbell 's death . `` The pain she was in led to her taking her own life . ''
Methuen-Campbell 's former partner , Philip Chatfield , said that Methuen-Campbell felt that there `` did n't seem to be a way out of the pain . ''
Mercedes-AMG 's `` 43 '' and `` 63 '' performance designations have separated the marque 's performance models from the rest of the range for a number of years . Now though , the German marque is ditching the former in place of a new `` 53 '' designation , set to make its debut on the CLS53 by the end of 2018 , with the rest of the lineup to follow .
In an interview with Automotive News , Mercedes-AMG boss Tobias Moers confirmed that the CLS will be the first vehicle to adopt the 53 designation , and that the E-Class will follow with its own 53 range shortly thereafter . All AMG 53 models will come powered by a new 3.0-liter turbocharged inline six-cylinder engine paired with a 48-volt electrical system .
Even with the new designation , Moers has yet to confirm how much power the new performance models will produce . The CEO suggested that `` it 's a higher output than the 43s , '' which is good news . The CLS53 will reportedly produce somewhere close to 430 horsepower ( 320 kilowatts ) when it goes on sale .
The new 53 variant will be the only numerical high-performance version of the CLS . The 63 model will be replaced by a high-powered four-door AMG GT , which we 've already seen testing extensively , which will make its debut in 2018 before going on sale in the U.S. sometime in 2019 . The AMG 53 E-Class coupe and cabrio , meanwhile , wo n't arrive until at least 2019 .
All told , nearly every vehicle in the Mercedes-Benz range should see the 53 designation at some point . Following the CLS53 and the E53 , the new GLE could be the next vehicle to adopt the performance moniker . The SUV is expected to get a full makeover in 2018 with an on-sale date of early 2019 .
Source : Automotive News
Christa Brown of Tennessee has for years called on Baptist churches to set up an independent panel to evaluate allegations of sexual abuse by clergy — such as the youth minister who sexually assaulted her as a teenager — and to keep predators from striking again at another church .
Pastor Jimmy Hinton — a Somerset Church of Christ pastor who confronted his own pastor-father about the sexual abuse that landed the latter in prison — has worked to educate churches on the ways child molesters manipulate fellow believers into trusting them with their children .
Melanie Jula Sakoda has made it her own mission to hold Orthodox Christian churches accountable for sexual abuse by their priests and others .
All of them agree on this : A future Pennsylvania grand jury could find as much evidence of sexual abuse and cover-up among other religious groups and youth-serving organizations as a current statewide grand jury is expected to find among Roman Catholic dioceses .
That grand jury is expected to release a mammoth report if it clears ongoing legal challenges by individuals identified in its report .
“ Some people assume this is a Catholic problem , ” Hinton said .
“ It 's not , not at all . There are plenty of Protestants and nondenominational churches that cover up abuse and knowingly pass abusers from church to church , or quietly dismiss a known abuser and do n't bother to check up on the abuser and do n't know where they settled . ”
Too many Protestant leaders deny the seriousness of the crisis , are too quick to forgive and restore a predator who speaks the lingo of repentance , and try to contain scandal , he said .
And so they allow pastors or other offenders to reinvent themselves in a new church somewhere else .
A grand jury investigation would find plenty of evidence that it 's every religion 's problem , he said .
“ One of the things I see is , through investigations , eventually you 'll get people who are honest — whether that 's accidentally or whether somebody is just fed up with the way leadership handled cases of abuse , ” said Hinton .
And youth-serving organizations , beyond religious ones , are also implicated .
In April , the director of the Allentown-based Cadets drum and bugle corps resigned after nine women accused him of sexual harassment and assault over decades , according to the Philadelphia Inquirer .
“ The practice of covering up for predators is not limited to the Catholic Church , or even to religious groups , ” said Sakoda , of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests . The cases of Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky and USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar , both serial pedophiles convicted on numerous charges of sexual abuse of children , “ are examples of institutional cover-ups outside of faith communities. ” Continue reading
News category : Features .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alan Shearer has warned Antonio Conte and Chelsea they must buy between now and the end of the transfer window after their 'incredible ' capitulation against Burnley .
The Blues fell to a shock opening day defeat at Stamford Bridge against the Clarets , and were 3-0 down at half-time following Gary Cahill 's dismissal .
They rallied in the second half thanks to David Luiz and a debut strike from Alvaro Morata , but Cesc Fabregas also saw red to compound a miserable afternoon .
And Shearer believes the display showed signs of the Chelsea side that 'packed it in ' under Jose Mourinho in the season before last .
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : AFP/Getty )
In his column in The Sun , the former England striker said : `` From the outside , Stamford Bridge has looked far from a happy camp for weeks and weeks now . We did n't see anything on Saturday to disprove that .
`` Their performance in the first 45 minutes against Burnley — who were magnificent by the way , do n't forget that — was the Chelsea of two years ago under Jose Mourinho , when they packed it in .
`` The way they all capitulated after Gary Cahill 's sending-off was incredible . All the negativity of the summer came out in that opening half . It has left them the club in a position where they HAVE to buy . ''
Rascal Flatts continues to roll out instant dowload tracks ahead of the May 19 release of their album , Back to Us , and nobody is more excited about the latest one than Dan + S ...
Just short of the one-third pole in the regular season , and with the Ottawa Fury FC on their best run in four seasons , Carl Haworth can already draw comparisons between the 2018 edition of the Fury and the incredible run to the North American Soccer League 's Fall League final back in 2015 .
The captain and longest-serving member of the local side says the likenesses run right down to a slow start followed by rapid improvement .
“ That ( 2015 ) season did n't start the greatest , either , ” said Haworth , a fifth-year Fury member at forward . “ At 10 games , it 's a little hard to say much . But there are similarities .
“ Our first four or five games this year were not our best , either . Then we tightened the defence and it 's made it tough for teams to break us down . We 've sat back and controlled the tempo more .
“ This team has huge potential . And we have n't even shown our best yet . It 's exciting to think about what the next few games might hold . ”
After an uninspiring start , the Fury are on a roll with wins in three of their past four games while riding an unbeaten streak currently at five games heading into Wednesday 's 7 p.m. matchup with last-place Toronto FC II at TD Place .
The Fury have gone five games undefeated in each of the past two seasons although not in such productive fashion .
The 2017 squad went five games without a loss between last Aug. 27 and Sept. 24 with five straight draws and just five points to show for it .
The Fury did the same over almost identical dates in 2016 with five draws in five games , followed by two wins for a seven-game unbeaten streak .
Those two streaks pale to this one , however , when one considers the Fury have picked up 11 of a possible 15 points to climb the United Soccer League 's Eastern Conference table to playoff contention .
The club is still a long way from matching the five-game and four-game winning streaks of the 2015 team , a season that ended with a 12-game unbeaten streak . They are nonetheless tracking in a positive direction by anyone 's standards .
A win over Toronto — which would be the fourth in five games for the Fury around a draw — would give the Fury 14 of a possible 18 points , and at least temporarily lift the team into the eighth and final playoff spot for the first time this season .
A key , certainly , is five straight clean sheets . The bigger byproduct of the streak is the overall team play on both sides of the ball .
“ It 's just a matter of time before the goals start going in , ” said Haworth . “ We will get the results .
“ All that matters is the team is going well and we are going into games knowing we wo n't be giving up much . We know one or two goals could do it for us .
“ Everyone has bought in . From the 11 who start through the seven on the bench . And we 've had this belief since Day One . Even with the bad start .
“ The theory is to win the home games , then get some points on the road , too . ”
Fury head coach Nikola Popovic is not one to make grand predictions or get too high after a win or too low after a tough loss .
It 's “ all about the performance , ” the head coach says every week .
That said , he 's starting to think this team can be what he and general manager Julian de Guzman envisioned back when training camp began .
“ I believe this team is on the verge , ” said Popovic . “ Our last five performances have been very good .
“ We are starting to earn more ( scoring ) chances that before . We hit four posts ( Friday night ) … not three .
“ Right now , we are not perfect . But we are getting better and better .
“ But this run is worth nothing if we go back to how we played in the past . ”
TORONTO 'S RECORD MEANS NOTHING
Nikola Popovic hopes his players do n't let the dismal record of Toronto FC II fool them .
Yes , the Ottawa Fury FC head coach is aware the developmental squad for the defending MLS-Champion Toronto FC has not won in 11 United Soccer League games to date .
Popovic knows the measly two points they have earned came about in a pair of 0-0 draws back in April and their points total is easily the least among the 33 USL teams .
And with a quick look at the league table , he can see Toronto 's goal-differential at minus-14 is also the worst league-wide .
But all Popovic has to do is remind his team that as the month of May began , the Fury FC were fighting with Toronto to get out of the Eastern Conference basement .
“ Sometimes the standings do n't reflect what is really happening , ” said Popovic this week , as the Fury FC did a quick turnaround from Friday 's 1-0 win to prepare for Wednesday night 's match at TD Place ( 7 p.m. ) . The week gets even shorter given the Fury go right back at it Saturday at 7 p.m. , when they play host to the Charlotte Independence .
“ The trouble with Toronto is you never know what roster they are going to bring , ” said Popovic . “ They are a young team and they have changed their starting 11 so many times . You just never know what to prepare for .
“ So it 's important we keep the sheet clean and go from there . ”
Toronto began the season by going a stretch of eight games from March 24 through May 9 with just three goals-for while being shut out on five occasions .
Things have improved of late , however , with seven goals in their past three games , including four in a May 16 5-4 loss to Atlanta . And they gave the Tampa Bay Rowdies all they could handle last Saturday , tying things 2-2 in the second half before falling 4-2 .
We are sorry , but you can not access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber . Click here to subscribe , or contact us at Pajhwok for more information .
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Date Taken : 05.24.2018 Date Posted : 05.31.2018 00:05 Category : Newscasts Audio ID : 52252 Filename : 1805/DOD_105679990.mp3 Length : 00:01:01 Year 2018 Genre News Location : IWAKUNI , YAMAGUCHI , JP Hometown : NEVIS , MN , US
Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 High-Res . Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work , MCAS Iwakuni 1st graders build speakers during STEM Night ( Radio ) , by LCpl JonSebastian Andrade , identified by DVIDS , must comply with the restrictions shown on https : //www.dvidshub.net/about/copyright .
Weather watchers are flocking to Northwest Point dock in West Bay to see the spectacle of crashing waves .
Though wave heights have subsided somewhat since Sunday , it was still enough of a show to attract shutterbugs looking for the perfect snapshot , and others who expected more sun from a Cayman Islands vacation .
“ We were n't expecting all the clouds and the waves . We wanted to go out and play on the beach , do some snorkelling , ” said Dennis Bilbrey of Austin , Texas .
“ We are looking for big water out here . We have a place out on East End , it 's flat calm out there , it 's flat calm on West Bay ( public beach ) . We thought maybe we could get some shots of the rougher weather coming in from the north , ” said Glenn Ostle .
“ We are making the most of it , we are going to Hell and back today , ” said Amy Weber of Alabama .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Lifestyle
By Dr. Sara Hart , ND , MSOM , CO registered Naturopathic Doctor and Licensed Acupuncturist
Part 1 of 3
Preventing cancer is a top health concern for everyone today . Only 5-10 % of cancer patients today have any genetic predisposition ( inherited risk from their family members ) for developing cancer . For the remaining population , we have to
consider what are the predominant factors causing cancer today .
Carcinogens are chemical substances known to cause cancer . The majority of the most concerning carcinogens are human made . They are products developed for agriculture ( pesticides & herbicides ) , building materials , products in our cosmetic industry and more . Avoiding cancer requires a keen awareness of what carcinogens are and making conscious choices to utilize products without them . It also requires adding protective measures for the carcinogens we can not avoid ; those that are in our air and water as pollution and often in our homes .
But is n't our government keeping us safe ? In the United States , chemical safety is determined by the manufacturer of a compound evaluating effects over short periods of time , then reporting to the EPA/USDA depending on how it is classified .
This does not identify long-term toxicity or lifelong accumulation . While we know that cigarettes cause cancer , smoking 1 cigarette will not and so it was said that cigarettes were safe for many , many years . However it is now widely acknowledged that cigarettes do cause cancer as a result of long-term use . Similarly , chemicals that have been allowed in our food system due to short-term safety are increasingly recognized to have detrimental long-term effects .
Even more complex , when scientists determine chemical safety it is by evaluating 1 chemical at a time . However an individual 's exposure in one bite of food can often contain a dozen or more chemical additives , all working together . One aspect of medicine that is becoming an increasing concern is the use of “ polypharmacy , ” or the unknown effect of using more than one drug at a time . While we might evaluate the risks and benefits of prescription drugs in this way , we need to be paying even closer attention to the combined affect of carcinogens in all areas of life .
Examining the entire list of carcinogens is completely overwhelming , so this series will highlight a few to steer clear of and great resources to check out too . Let 's start with those that may be in our refrigerators and our backyards :
Atrazine , Organophosphates and Telone
These chemicals are just a few of the compounds used in conventional agriculture today that are known carcinogens . Consuming foods produced with these chemical additives are individually known to cause cancer . In most conventional farms and food products , multiple chemicals are used simultaneously . What are we to do ?
Consume organic foods , especially from small farms that are not adjacent to conventional agriculture regions is your best bet to keep these cancer causing substances out of your body .
Request restaurants you enjoy opting for organic foods , as it 's not just what we buy at the grocery store that matters .
Ensure children are given organic food for their packed lunches . Many of these compounds bio-accumulate , which mean they grow in the body exponentially and can not be removed . Presently public school nutrition does not provide food free of carcinogens .
Learn about natural pest control and organic fertilizers to grow your own healthy food .
Glyphosate
The active ingredient in RoundUp – this controversial compound and product have been proclaimed as safe by the manufacturer Monsanto since the 1970 's . However , increasing evidence from researchers around the world acknowledge the broad health impacts and carcinogenicity of not only glyphosate but the combined effects of the ingredients in the common weed killer products .
Learn to appreciate a natural appearing environment for your region . Permaculture and xeriscaping employ practices that mimic the health of the ecosystem to create beautiful landscapes .
Utilize old-fashioned techniques – pull the undesirable weeds out !
Explore natural products for weed killing ; salt , vinegar and certain essential oils have proven effective at destroying undesirable plant species .
No matter your race , gender , class or intellectual expertise we are all at significant risk for developing cancer living in the US today . For most individuals , by the time a cancer is large enough to be identified , it has already been growing steadily for 10-20 years . There is no better time to focus on prevention , because an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure !
For individualized recommendations on reducing your cancer risk and enhancing the preventative measures in your life , visit Stillwater Clinic & Apothecary where we offer resources , education and individualized medical care to support your long term health .
References
Anand , Preethad et al . Cancer is a Preventable Disease that Requires Major Lifestyle Changes. , Pharm Res . 2008 Sep ; 25 ( 9 ) : 2097–2116 .
BreastCancer.org , “ Your Step-By-Step Guide to Reducing Your Risk of Breast Cancer ” handbook .
Cressey , Daniel . Widely Used Herbicide Linked to Cancer
The World Health Organization 's research arm declares glyphosate a probable carcinogen . What 's the evidence ? Nature magazine on March 25 , 2015 .
Dalamas , Christos and Ilias G. Eleftherohorinos . Pesticide Exposure , Safety Issues , and Risk Assessment Indicators . Int J Environ Res Public Health . 2011 May ; 8 ( 5 ) : 1402–1419 .
National Institute of Health , Department of Health & Human Services : Environmental Health & Toxicology Database ; https : //toxtown.nlm.nih.gov/index.php
Samsel , Anthony , and Stephanie Seneff . Glyphosate , pathways to modern diseases II : Celiac sprue and gluten intolerance . Interdiscip Toxicol . 2013 Dec ; 6 ( 4 ) : 159–184 .
Seidler , Ramon PhD. , the former Team Leader of the EPA 's Genetically Engineered Organism biosafety program . Interview ; http : //gmwatch.org/en/news/latest-news/17456-the-time-for-glyphosate-based-herbicides-is-over
OneAssist , India 's assistance and protection company has announced its foray into Home Appliances , with the launch of 'HomeServ ' . This is India 's first comprehensive plan for protection of all home appliance which offers a one-stop-solution across all brands - whether old or new .
Consumer research into their anxieties led to the insight that most people today own multiple appliances across different brands and different aging without having a single point of contact to keep them all functional throughout the year . Service experiences vary across locations with the homeowner being dependent on unqualified technicians in a primarily unorganized segment .
HomeServ provides the customer a comprehensive solution by covering all key home appliances including ACs , TVs , Refrigerators and Washing Machines amongst others , even up to 10 years old . The cashless service protects all your appliances in one annual plan . The starting plan protects up to 4 appliances against damages , breakdowns and any malfunctions for just Rs 4,999 per year .
Key features :
Unlimited repairs during membership period
Protection against breakdown , damages and more
Garanteed repairs witho=in 10 days
Covers appliances up to 10 years old across all brands
Verified service experts
100 percent cashless service
Speaking about the launch , Gagan Maini , Co-Founder OneAssist , `` We are extremely excited to launch HomeServ and offer our core proposition of being a One-Stop assistance and protection solution across Wallets , Smartphones , Gadgets and now Home Appliances . For HomeServ , we adopted a technology first approach to give the control of all the home appliances at the touch of a button to their owner - the customer . We look forward to delivering great service at extremely compelling price points .
'HomeServ ' offers Assistance and protection for Appliances on which consumers are most dependent on . The service covers daily essential appliances like panel televisions , air conditioners , washing machines , microwave ovens , refrigerators , OTG , air purifiers , water purifiers , air coolers , dryers , dishwashers , food processors , geysers , kitchen chimneys and vacuum cleaners and covers appliances even up to 10 years old .
The cashless service provides a single stop solution to the customers through the OneAssist app and ensures that only verified and qualified experts attend to the user while guaranteeing a resolution within 10 days . 'HomeServ ' allows customers to eliminate all the hassles in getting their appliances fixed while claiming to offer quality service at an affordable price-point .
Good Afternoon-The Cambridge News live blog is back today ( May 30 ) to bring you the latest traffic and travel news from across the county , and beyond .
Two lanes of the A14 are closed westbound , following a crash involving three lorries .
Travel time is estimated at 40 minutes and traffic is spilling onto the M11 .
Pictures show traffic at a standstill as drivers look to take the slip road to avoid the traffic .
If you are planning to use the A14 westbound around the area of the accident you will need to leave earlier , or avoid the road entirely .
Live traffic on Google shows traffic on the A14 westbound is backed up past Fen Ditton , and past the junction with the A10 on the M11
( Image : Google Maps )
For information on accidents and congestion on major roads , including the A14 , M11 , A11 and A1 , check out the updates as they happen below .
Delays and cancellations on the trains , affecting commuters heading into and out of London , and across Cambridgeshire , will also be updated in the blog .
We will be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport .
And we 'll also be bringing you the latest news and sport from around the city , and across the country , as well as the best of What 's On in the region .
Let us know if you spot anything that may affect your journey home from work - send us a tweet on Twitter @ CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page
You can also stay one step ahead with all the latest on the roads by joining our Cambridge Traffic and Travel Facebook page . Click here to join , and avoid the queues .
Osaka - Neutrophils are key players of the innate immune system that help fight off infection . These white blood cells attack in a number of ways : producing enzymes or toxic oxygen-containing molecules , ingesting pathogens , and releasing protein-rich structures ( NETs ) to immobilize microbes . However , their abnormal responses can lead to autoimmune diseases such as a life-threatening form of vasculitis , AAV , in which autoantibodies are produced against neutrophil proteins and blood vessel walls are destroyed . SEMA4D , a type of protein that controls immune responses , is thought to be involved in autoimmunity , but its function in neutrophil-associated autoimmune disorders such as AAV was unknown .
Researchers at Osaka University have now shown that SEMA4D normally restrains neutrophil activation , but that it is broken down in AAV patients , leading to inflammation and disease .
The team found that expression of the soluble form of SEMA4D was much higher in serum from patients with AAV than in healthy controls , and that levels increased with worsening disease severity . This suggested that SEMA4D could be used as a new clinical marker of AAV , which might improve the accuracy of diagnosis given that current marker expression does not always match disease activity .
To investigate the role of SEMA4D on neutrophils and in the development of AAV , the researchers knocked out its expression in mice then examined the phenotype . `` In control mice , the activity of neutrophils in the form of NET production was restrained by contact with another cell type , '' study first author Masayuki Nishide says . `` However , mice lacking SEMA4D expression missed out on this suppressive action , so their NET formation was not reduced . ''
Further experiments defined the membrane form of SEMA4D as a neutrophil receptor that binds the plexin B2 protein expressed by cells lining the walls of adjacent blood vessels to limit neutrophil activity . Both production of the damaging oxygen-containing molecule and NET formation were shown to be suppressed by membranous SEMA4D .
`` In AAV patients , membrane-bound SEMA4D is broken down to its soluble form , which is why higher levels of soluble SEMA4D are detected in their serum , '' corresponding author Atsushi Kumanogoh says . `` The lack of membranous SEMA4D means that inflammation is not suppressed in these patients , while the increased soluble form causes the release of inflammatory signaling molecules . ''
AAV is currently treated with steroid hormones to limit inflammation , or drugs that are toxic to cells . However , these findings suggest that SEMA4D has the potential to be used as a novel target in anti-AAV therapy .
# # #
CHICAGO : The enraged father of three daughters sexually abused by Larry Nassar charged towards the former USA Gymnastics national team doctor and tried to attack him during a sentencing hearing in a Michigan courtroom on Friday ( Feb 2 ) .
Randall Margraves was nearly within striking distance of Nassar before officers tackled him roughly to the ground in front of his shocked daughters .
The judge later accepted Margraves ' account that he `` lost control '' of his emotions and said she would not punish him .
The chaotic scene began after sisters Lauren and Madison Margraves had finished their tearful victim statements on the second day of a sentencing hearing in Eaton County , much as nearly 200 women , including Margraves ' third daughter , did in earlier court sessions .
`` I would ask you as part of the sentencing to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon , '' he said to the judge , gesturing toward Nassar , who has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison at an earlier hearing after pleading guilty to molesting young women under the guise of medical treatment .
Judge Janice Cunningham told him he knew she could not do that , and chastised him after he called Nassar a son of a b * * * h. He asked for one minute alone instead . The judge demurred as some in the courtroom laughed uncomfortably .
Margraves then bolted towards Nassar , seated in an orange jumpsuit behind a nearby table . His daughters ' hands flew to their mouths , and one of Nassar 's lawyers moved to shield his client .
Gasps , cries and shouts filled the courtroom as Margraves was wrestled to the ground , knocking things off a desk on the way down , and handcuffed while Nassar was taken out to safety .
`` One minute ! '' he demanded repeatedly , his head pinned to the floor . As officers pulled him from the room , he implored them , `` What if this happened to you guys ? '' Some victims fled the room in tears .
Looking distressed , the lead prosecutor , Angela Povilaitis , turned to the victims and relatives in the courtroom and tried to restore calm , saying she did not want to see anyone else end up in custody .
`` I understand Mr Margraves ' frustration but you can not do this , '' she said .
`` This is not helping your children . ''
SCARY SCENE
The hearing resumed after a short break , with the judge addressing what she called a `` scary '' scene .
`` My heart started beating fast and my legs started shaking , '' Cunningham said . `` We can not react by using physical violence , '' she told the courtroom , noting she could not imagine Margraves ' pain as a father . Nassar was back in his seat , looking downcast .
The attempted attack underscored the pain Nassar 's abuse has caused his victims ' parents . Several have spoken in court during the sentencing , describing the guilt they feel for delivering their children to a sexual predator .
`` Our jobs as parents are to protect our children , '' Lynn Erickson said tearfully on Friday a few hours after Margraves ' outburst , as her daughter Ashley , one of Nassar 's victims , wiped away tears . `` I failed my own daughter . ''
During the lunch break , a handcuffed margrave was brought back in from a courthouse cell for the judge to decide whether to hold him in contempt .
Accompanied by a lawyer , Margraves said he did not know exactly what his daughters were going to say .
`` I got to hear that , and I got to see Larry Nassar over here shaking his head 'no , ' like it did n't happen , '' he said . `` I lost control . ''
The judge accepted his explanation , though she made him promise he would not do anything like that again .
`` There is no way that this court is going to issue any type of punishment , given the circumstances of this case , '' Cunningham said . `` My heart does go out to you and your family for what has happened to you . ''
The county sheriff said his office would decide by next week whether to charge Margraves . Online fund-raising efforts to cover his possible legal fees had collected thousands of dollars within hours .
Victims and their relatives had mixed feelings about the commotion .
`` If he had gotten some licks in , I would n't have cried over it , '' Lavonda Simon , whose daughter was among Nassar 's victims , said .
But Mariah McClain , who testified about Nassar 's abuse of her , said she had to leave when Margraves erupted .
`` It was just too much for me , '' she said .
The case against Nassar , who is also serving a 60-year federal term for child pornography convictions , has sparked investigations into how US Olympic officials ; USA Gymnastics , the sport 's governing body ; and Michigan State University , where Nassar also worked , failed to investigate complaints about him going back years .
© AP
© U.S. Air Force
On Wednesday , the Chief of the Russian General Staff declared `` there 's no territory controlled by ISIS , '' but only `` some spots of resistance '' left in Syria . A spokesman for the US-led Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve ( CJTF-OIR ) was quick to dismiss the Russian statement Saturday , claiming that IS ( Islamic State , formerly ISIS/ISIL ) terrorists continue to operate in Deir ez-Zor province . `` Our carefully considered military assessment is that Daesh is still present on both sides of the Euphrates River , and therefore Coalition surgical strikes continue on the East Bank of the Middle Euphrates River Valley in support of Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) , '' a CJTF-OIR representative told Sputnik . `` We know that Russian and Syrian regime aircraft are continuing their strikes on the west bank of the Euphrates River , between the towns of Mayadin and Abu Kamal [ Al Bukamal ] , so it is likely that [ Daesh ] has yet to be cleared from that area , '' the spokesman added . He emphasized that the Pentagon disagrees with the Russian assessment.The Pentagon also dismissed allegations that the US Air Force is hampering Russian military operations in the country , stating that only the actions of American pilots in Syria have had any meaningful success in defeating the terrorists there.e , saying , that on November 23 , a US F-22 fighter prevented two Russian Su-25 strike aircraft from bombing an IS base to the west ofthe Euphrates River . `` Most close-midair encounters between Russian and US jets in the area around the Euphrates River have been linked to the attempts of US aircraft to get in the way [ of the Russian warplanes ] striking against Islamic State terrorists , '' Russian military spokesman , Major General Igor Konashenkov noted . `` Those claims are incorrect , '' the Pentagon representative told Sputnik Saturday.The spokesman 's statements are in line with the general American leadership perception of Washington 's role in defeating IS in Syria . The trend to diminish Russia 's achievements in Syria started earlier this year , when Ash Carter , the former Secretary of Defense under Barack Obama , accused Moscow of achieving `` virtually zero '' in Syria . `` They have n't done anything , '' Carter stated just weeks before Obama and his team left office . `` They came in , they said they were going to fight ISIL , and they said they were going to help in the civil war in Syria ... They have n't done either of those things . As a consequence of course , we 're fighting ISIL ourselves . `` And just this week , President Donald Trump praised himself and Secretary of Defense James Mattis for their achievements in bringing IS to its knees . `` He 's knocked the hell out of them , '' Trump boasted during a cabinet meeting Wednesday . `` Of course , I made it possible by what I let you do , right ? '' Trump lightheartedly asked Mattis.The US campaign against IS in Syria has for years focused on arming and training the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) , including the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) . Despite the group 's long standing and unwavering support to the US , the Kurds have recently been abandoned by Washington . The Kurds in Syria are now eager to coordinate their operations with the Russian command , while the US continues to support remnants of the SDF which is now left with mostly Arab militias . `` The Coalition continues to work with the SDF to ensure that previously liberated areas are cleared for the return of civilians . We are also working with the Syrian Democratic Council to create the space necessary to form a truly democratic and representative government in Syria through the UN-backed peace talks , '' the CJTF-OIR told Sputnik.It did not elaborate how the Syrian Democratic Council will work with the Committee for the Management of the Eastern Territories of Deir ez-Zor , a mechanism recently created under Russian guidance to maintain social order and distribute humanitarian aid in the region . `` We are going to maintain our commitment on the ground as long as we need to , to support our partners and prevent the return of terrorist groups '' Pentagon spokesman Eric Pahon said Tuesday .
The popular consciousness is a powerful thing , but overcoming those preconceived notions oftentimes leads to new opportunities .
As temperatures begin to reach triple digits , the Phoenix metropolitan area , and the industries within that geographical region , begin to accept a new reality : the summer slowdown .
But that mindset might be about to change .
A growing chorus of event promoters , tourism chieftains and public relations aficionados are fueling the idea the Valley of the Sun — and perhaps most importantly the city of Scottsdale — can capitalize on changing the popular consciousness of summer tourism opportunities .
The new idea : embrace the summer and the heat to entice more human beings to discover all things hot in the Sonoran Desert .
Both the municipal tourism director and the city 's tourism marketing partner , Experience Scottsdale , are hopeful the heat of summer can spark new interest in Scottsdale vacations .
In addition , Scottsdale City Council has approved a $ 75,000 bed-tax subsidy to an event tourism officials and city leaders are hopeful can create new momentum for summer tourism in Scottsdale .
Bed tax dollars are derived from sales tax collected on hotel rooms within the city of Scottsdale . The Tourism Development Commission offers bed tax funding recommendations to the Scottsdale City Council on items relating to all things tourism ,
The inaugural Michelob Ultra Scottsdale Fahrenheit Festival presented by Talking Stick Resort has a growing list of attractions for children and adults to enjoy June 16 at WestWorld of Scottsdale , 16601 N. Pima Road .
Organizers have added the world 's tallest inflatable water slide as a cool down from one of the festivals key elements , Scottsdale Beat the Heat : The Hottest Race on Earth , a 5- and 10.22-kilometer race happening during the middle of the day at the event , promoters say .
The average temperature in Scottsdale during the month of June is 104 degrees .
In addition , the event will consist of The Travis Bagent Arm Wrestling Super Series and the Arizona Ales & Cocktail Festival .
“ I definitely believe in it , ” said Scottsdale Tourism Director Karen Churchard on the opportunity of a solstice boost to local tourism .
“ The Tourism Development Commission supporting the Fahrenheit Festival is a big step in the right direction . It is really about events that have a unique twist to them and it really tends to lure people to those events — I really feel like this event has that opportunity . ”
Camille Hill , Scottsdale Tourism Development Commission vice chairwoman , says the summer months continue to be a difficult time for marketing Scottsdale .
“ When you look at the landscape and the tourism activity over the summer there really is a void , ” she said of why she believes supporting the Fahrenheit Festival is good idea for the community of Scottsdale .
“ It does n't bring nearly as much activity of spring , winter and fall . From a marketing perspective , if we can provide some investment there we can help to try to help fill that void . ”
Ms. Hill is a local tourism expert recently being honored as one of the Top 100 Business Women in Arizona .
The Scottsdale Chamber has honored her with a Segnar and Legacy Award . She is also a five-time judge for the Telly Awards . Ms. Hill is president of Merestone , which is an award-winning , full-service production company based in Scottsdale .
Ms. Hill points out Experience Scottsdale has launched its summer effort embracing all things hot in the Valley of the Sun , but specifically the attractions of luxury resorts within the unique community of Scottsdale .
“ They are going right at ; ‘ it is hot — you are right , ' ” she said of the Experience Scottsdale promotion noting bed tax investment is carefully weighed . “ You do n't want to throw too much money at it , but let 's see what happens . Where is the best place and time to provide that investment , I think the summer is the right time to provide that support . ”
A new perspective
A recently completed research study conducted by Longwoods International suggests some who see Arizona as a vacation destination typically descend on the Valley of the Sun July through September .
The Arizona Office of Tourism contends the recent report shows that 24 percent of 43 million people who visited Arizona in 2016 , who collectively spent $ 21.2 billion in the state , did so during the summer months .
Jason Rose , co-founder of Rose , Moser & Allyn Public and Online Relations , is taking lessons learned from the Scottsdale Polo Championships , which is the largest polo event on Earth , and applying those teachings to the Fahrenheit Festival , due later this month .
“ It started six years ago , when we were in the tourism commission meeting talking about the difficulties of marketing Scottsdale in the summer , ” he recalled of where the idea first sprout legs six years ago this month .
“ We heard from people after that ; are you going to bring that back ? We gave it a lot of thought . Besides going to a Diamonbacks game or go to Harkins Theaters what else can we do here ? ”
But beyond hosting a successful event , Mr. Rose contends , he is trying to support his local community and do right by the taxpayer subsidy .
“ To some extent , it is doing right by Scottsdale tourism . It is about doing right by the Scottsdale taxpayer , and to some extent it is about community patriotism . ”
But Mr. Rose acknowledges the tough road to hoe that is a tourism draw in the dead heat of the Valley of the Sun .
“ I do n't know if we are able to do it , but we are going to try , ” he said . “ When we did polo , we saw potential and that potential has been realized . In the case of the Fahrenheit Festival we are bullish on the platform , because when you think about it , there is an unlimited potential on what you can showcase . ”
Mr. Rose says he believes the Fahrenheit Festival can become a keystone event , not only for Scottsdale , but it could also spark a renewed interest in finding a solution to the summer slowdown .
“ The race is really the one that intrigues , scares and excites people , ” he said . “ It is almost the Running of the Bulls — it is not for everybody . We think it could grow to a bucket-list kind of deal . ”
In late May , Experience Scottsdale announced its It 's That Hot summer campaign to help entice more patrons to the Scottsdale community .
“ Come summer , we do n't just see triple-digit temperatures in Scottsdale , ” said Experience Scottsdale President & CEO Rachel Sacco . “ We see budget-friendly hotel rates , weekly pool parties and special events . We know Scottsdale thrives during the summer months — it 's time for our visitors to realize it too . ”
While the marketing entity traditionally has promoted summer travel , the organization is aiming to build more awareness with revamped messaging that emphasizes all things hot under the Desert sun .
The revamp comes after Experience Scottsdale 's tourism partners tasked the organization to drive additional visitation between Memorial Day and Labor Day , officials say .
A new kind of tourist ?
For many , running a marathon in the dead of heat during the triple-digit temperatures of an Arizona summer would be the road less taken .
But for a 74-year-old marathon runner hailing from the West Valley of Phoenix — that 's exactly where she likes to be .
“ I have always been a big risk-taker , ” said Franceska Drozdz . “ I did it five years ago when they did it the first time — when it came back , I was the only one who signed up amongst the people I know . ”
A majority of the 2018 runners participating in Beat the Heat : The Hottest Race on Earth are between the ages of 40- to 64 years-old . Ms. Drozdz has completed a marathon in all 50 states .
Furthermore , registrants from six different states are now represented , a number that is expected to grow as June 16 looms , event officials speculate . Within Arizona , some 22 cities and towns are already represented . Sonoran , Mexico , is also represented .
Ms. Drozdz says as people age more risks ought to be taken .
“ We are older now — and we need to take more risks ! ” she exclaims . “ I ran my first marathon in 1979 when women were n't allowed to swim let alone run . Sometimes what I do is I do n't tell people what I am going to do until I am done because I do n't need that discouragement in my life . ”
When asked why she runs , Ms. Drozdz says it 's for her health .
“ Now , I have run 79 marathons because it 's a way of life for me , ” she said . “ I am also a motivational speaker : do you want to be a spectator of life , or do you want to be in it ? ”
Ms. Drozdz says living a life of purpose keeps her heart young and her feet fluttering .
“ Everyday I wake up with a purpose and I do something for my mind , body and soul , ” she explained . “ And , i do n't get on Facebook until I do something spiritually for my soul and for my fitness . ”
Northeast Valley Managing Editor Terrance Thornton can be contacted at tthornton @ newszap.com
New Delhi : A day after Indian fans witnessed a WWE live event in Delhi , John Cena quoted batting great Rahul Dravid on his latest Instagram post .
Cena , one of the most recognizable WWE superstars , shared the post on Sunday with a photo of Dravid in India colours . And the quotee reads : `` You do n't play for revenge , you play for respect and pride . ''
A post shared by John Cena ( @ johncena ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 1:50am PST
The former India captain is regarded as an epitome of humility and self-perseverance , and these words reflect his true self .
The 44-year-old played 164 Tests , 344 ODIs and one T20I scoring 13288 , 10889 and 31 runs in a storied career .
Why Cena , a 16 WWE World Champion , shared it is unknown , but the pro-wrestler has for sure earned the respect of Indian cricket fans .
It 's worth noting that Cena spent some time with former Australia all-rounder Shane Watson while touring Australia to promote his latest film , Ferdinand , which is based on the popular children 's book , The Story of Ferdinand .
Cena was seen trying to learn how to play cricket .
On Saturday , New Delhi hosted a WWE live event featuring some of the biggest names in the sports-entertainment business .
Liberty Island was cleared of tourists on July 4th after a woman climbed to the base of the Statue of Liberty .
She walked around Lady Liberty 's sandal , waved a t-shirt at times and at others lay on her stomach , kicking her feet behind her , ABC 7 Eyewitness News reported .
Police scaled the base of a statue with a ladder and were talking to her as she sat in the folds of the statue 's gown .
Park police initially said the incident was n't connected to a protest group calling itself `` Rise and Resist '' dropping a banner that said `` Abolish ICE '' from a ledge below where she 'd climbed . At least a dozen protestors were arrested .
However , subsequent reports indicated that authorities were n't so sure .
* * * * * *
PIX11 was streaming the incident : https : //pix11.com/2018/07/04/report-of-person-climbing-statue-of-liberty-on-july-4th/
* * * * * *
Three NYPD emergency service units and a harbor unit were among the responders .
Meanwhile , a ferry shuttled tourists off the island , Jerry Willis of the National Park Service said .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
( WTNH ) –The inmate who escaped from a correctional institute in Enfield in January is back in Connecticut . Authorities returned 25-year-old Jerry Mercado back to the Northern Correctional Institution .
Related : 5 prison employees placed on leave after escape
He escaped back on January 7 . Officials found him at a gas station in Georgia ten days later , where a phone call to his mother and a vigilant cashier helped get him caught .
Related : Phone call to mother led to escaped Enfield prisoner 's arrest
Mercado faces potentially new criminal charges and added time to his sentence .
Before his escape , Mercado was facing a three-year sentence for burglary .
Editorial : Election recommendations
Dianne Feinstein ( D ) *
“ Feinstein 's pragmatic , centrist approach may not be in fashion , but it is still better for the state and the country than separating into mutually hostile tribes with no interest in common ground or facts . ”
Governor
Gavin Newsom ( D )
“ Newsom , lieutenant governor and former mayor of San Francisco , has the track record , policy command and vision best aligned to take on the challenges in the governor 's office .
Lieutenant Governor
Jeff Bleich ( D )
“ His demeanor and depth of experiences make him a strong candidate for lieutenant governor , a position that requires patience , policy acumen and a commitment to collaboration . ”
Attorney General
Xavier Becerra ( D ) *
“ Becerra has not hesitated to defend California 's values . ... He 's brought 31 lawsuits against the ( Trump ) administration ... from the travel ban on people from Muslim-majority countries to the rollback of fracking regulations on public lands . ”
Secretary of State
Alex Padilla ( D ) *
“ Padilla 's focus on expanding voting and registration is the right one , and his success so far in doing so has earned him another term . ”
Treasurer
Fiona Ma ( D )
“ Ma has that experience as well as the knowledge and temperament to speak up for fiscal responsibility . ”
Controller
Betty Yee ( D ) *
“ Yee , a Democrat who 's running for a second term , has been a thoughtful and responsible steward of California 's checkbook . ”
Insurance Commissioner
Steve Poizner ( I )
“ Poizner makes a persuasive case that he wants to return to the office , and there is no dispute about either his knowledge of the issues or his effectiveness when he was in the post . ”
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Marshall Tuck
“ The next superintendent must have the skills to identify the problems that keep too many students from accessing the on-ramp to success , the vision of how to address those problems and the tenacity to bring about much-needed change . ”
YES
State Prop . 68
The $ 4.1 billion bond measure would fund park improvements , clean-water projects and flood-protection efforts .
YES
State Prop . 69
Assures that the estimated $ 5 billion a year to be raised by the 12-cents-per-gallon increase in the state 's gas tax will go toward asphalt work and transportation improvements .
NO
State Prop . 70
Would give state GOP lawmakers a say over cap-and-trade policy by requiring a two-thirds legislative vote for its renewal .
YES
State Prop . 71
Delays an election result from taking effect until all votes are counted , not just the votes tallied through election night .
YES
State Prop . 72
Exempts property assessment increase for homeowners who install rainwater recovery systems .
Mayor
London Breed
“ She is fearlessly independent , as tough as she is charismatic . ”
Supervisor , District 8
Rafael Mandelman
“ There is no question that Mandelman wants the job , and is doing his homework . ”
Yes
S.F . Prop . A
Authorizes the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission to issue bonds for clean-energy projects .
Yes
S.F . Prop . B
Requires appointed members of city boards and commissions established by the City Charter to give up their seats when they file to run for state or local office .
No
S.F . Prop . C
Raise taxes on commercial landlords to 3.5 percent , mostly to fund child care and education .
Yes
S.F . Prop . D
Raise taxes on commercial landlords to 1.7 percent , mostly to fund housing- and homelessness-related services .
Yes
S.F . Prop . E
Allows a city ordinance banning the sale of flavored tobacco products to take effect .
No
S.F . Prop . F
Requires the city to establish , fund and operate a program providing legal representation to any residential tenant facing eviction .
Yes
S.F . Prop . G
Authorizes the city to collect an annual parcel tax of $ 298 through 2038 for investment in the San Francisco Unified School District .
No
S.F . Prop . H
Authorizes the San Francisco Police Department to purchase electronic stun guns and sets the city 's policy for using them .
No
S.F . Prop . I
Adopts a policy to refrain from encouraging professional sports teams from other cities to relocate to San Francisco .
Yes
Regional Measure 3
“ The measure , on the ballot in nine Bay Area counties , will authorize toll increases on the region 's seven state-owned bridges . ”
Yes
Alameda County Measure A
“ ( It ) would raise the county sales tax by a half cent to provide an anticipated 7,000 new scholarships to children in low-income families . ”
Alameda County District Attorney
Nancy O'Malley *
“ The occupant of that office must appreciate the need to both enforce the law and persuasively advocate for reforms in the system . O'Malley has . ”
Board of Equalization , District 2
No recommendation
“ This year 's campaigns for California 's benighted Board of Equalization are about as dreary an affair as the annals of nominal democracy can offer . Stripped of most of its powers and 96 percent of its staff but clinging to life by virtue of a 19th century constitutional provision , the nation 's only such elected tax board has been reduced to an unadorned jobs program for politicians . ”
Superior Court
Curtis Karnow * , Cynthia Ming-mei Lee * ,
Andrew Cheng * , Jeffrey Ross *
“ To turn a judicial election into a partisan showdown or ideological loyalties test is the definition of an assault on judicial independence . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The average British home contains £34,000 worth of ‘ wasted space ' , according to a study .
Researchers polled 2,000 homeowners and found 15 per cent of the typical British dwelling is completely unused .
And based on the average house price of £226,906 this equates to thousands of pounds in and outside the home .
Amid this , the most unused areas of the home include the attic , spare rooms and the garden shed .
The research was commissioned by TalkTalk , who 've launched a Wi-Fi Hub which improves internet connectivity around the home .
( Image : Getty )
It identified lack of web connectivity as one of the key reasons for unutilised space .
Home design expert , Linda Barker , who has teamed-up with TalkTalk , said : `` We literally ca n't afford to waste space - we 're moving house less than ever before and it 's becomingly increasingly important to make the most of what we have . ''
The research also found 63 per cent of those polled would be more likely to utilise unused space in their homes if they had stronger Wi-Fi signal .
( Image : Getty )
And a whopping 96 per cent said internet connectivity in the home is important to them .
On this note , one quarter would be willing to pay around £12,000 more for a house with no Wi-Fi blackspots .
If choosing a new home , those polled also said Wi-Fi connectivity would be more important than proximity to restaurants and pubs , quality of nearby schools and having parks close-by .
50 percent more rain than average for September and October .
Florida , Texas , and Louisiana are bracing for another devastating hurricane as Tropical Storm Nate batters Central America.The storm is heading for the US Gulf Coast where it is expected to strike as a Category 1 hurricane on Sunday.Storm or hurricane watches have been issued from Louisiana east through Mississippi and Alabama , with a state of emergency declared in 29 Florida counties , the US National Hurricane Center said.A spokesman added : 'The threat of the impact is increasing , so folks along the northern Gulf Coast should be paying attention to this thing . 'In Nicaragua , at least 11 people died , seven others were reported missing and thousands had to evacuate homes because of flooding , said the country 's vice president Rosario Murillo.Emergency officials in Costa Rica reported that at least eight people were killed due to the lashing rain , including two children . Another 17 people were missing , while more than 7,000 had to take refuge from Nate in shelters.Two youths also drowned in Honduras due to the sudden swell in a river , while a man was killed in a mud slide in El Salvador and another person was missing . 'Sometimes we think we can cross a river and the hardest thing to understand is that we must wait , ' Nicaragua 's Murillo told state radio , warning people to avoid dangerous waters . 'It 's better to be late than not to get there at all . 'where authorities deployed more than 3,500 police.and another dozen were only partially open . In Costa Rica 's northwest Guanacaste region popular with tourists many roads were so flooded as to be impassable to all but four-wheel-drive vehicles and horses.An alert was also issued for people to be wary of crocodiles that might be roaming after rivers and estuaries flooded.Concerned football officials were monitoring the situation and postponed a World Cup qualifying match between Costa Rica and Honduras from Friday to Saturday.Costa Rica 's main international airport was open , but with multiple flight cancellations and delays.The annual rainy season is currently underway in Central America , a five-month period typically ending in November in which the risk of flooding and mudslides rise.The United States is recovering from two major hurricanes : Hurricane Harvey that tore through Texas in August , and Hurricane Irma in September.Another powerful storm , Hurricane Maria , ripped through the Caribbean in late September , wreaking destruction on several islands , including Dominica and Puerto Rico.Sources : Reuters and AFP
New Hampshire and Merrimack combined for a memorable playoff series last March . The matchup went the full three games and the Wildcats pulled the upset on Merrimack 's rink behind a 44 save effort by Danny Tirone in the final game . Warriors Head Coach Mark Dennehy remembered the meeting well .
“ Tirone gives me nightmares . He 's a great competitor . ”
With memories in mind , the Warriors made the trip 48 miles north to take on the Wildcats . The roles were reversed ; Merrimack was the underdog in UNH 's building and the Wildcats wanted to improve their Conference standing with a victory . The Sunday matinee was one for the memories .
UNH gave their fans reason to celebrate early as Jason Salvaggio sent the puck to Michael McNicholas in the slot . The senior from Manhattan Beach , CA , deked around Warrior goaltender Craig Pantano for a 1-0 UNH lead 34 seconds into the game .
The cheering did not last long as the Warriors capitalized on UNH 's defensive breakdowns . Derek Petti got behind the UNH defense and snaked around Tirone for Merrimack 's first shot on goal and first score 6:57 into the game .
Two minutes later , Sami Tavernier repeated Petti 's move and gave Merrimack the lead . Alfred Larsson wrapped up the scoring after UNH turned the puck over behind their own net with 3:24 left in the period . UNH outshot the Warriors 14-9 in the period , but Merrimack held a 3-1 lead at the intermission .
The Warriors came out firing to start the second period . They outshot UNH 11-6 in the period and netted their fourth goal on a rush and a putback by Tyler Irvine . With that , Danny Tirone exited the game . The senior Alternate Captain of the Wildcats allowed four goals on 11 shots in one of his weakest performances this season . Coach Dick Umile took some blame for Danny 's performance .
“ He 's started every single game , including this stretch of five games in nine days . I did consider giving him a break after the RPI game , but I decided to go with him . Maybe he needed a night to breathe . ”
Mike Robinson replaced him and made his Whittemore Center debut .
“ It was a dream come true for me . I grew up in Bedford , New Hampshire , I went to these games growing up . So to finally play here was awesome . ”
The freshman performed well , saving all 12 shots Merrimack took against him in the game . UNH did not give him any goals in the period , so the Warriors held a 4-1 lead into the second intermission .
The UNH offense awoke in the third period , aided by some poor Merrimack penalties . Marcus Vela got a tip-in goal from Pantano 's doorstep 2:17 into the period . Seconds later , Michael Babcock was called for an interference penalty . New Hampshire worked the ensuing power play to perfection , cycling the puck through the zone and beating Pantano on a laser by Patrick Grasso .
The chances kept coming for UNH , but they could not get the equalizer . Merrimack killed time with well placed clears and staples into the corner boards , and UNH took two penalties that slowed momentum . Still , the chances came .
With less than 10 seconds on the clock , Patrick Grasso got the puck on his stick and fired a backhand shot meant for the top shelf glove side . The puck sailed high and crashed off the glass , hitting the ice as time expired . Merrimack escaped with a 4-3 victory .
Head Coach Mark Dennehy was happy with the win , but not thrilled .
“ We 've played much better in other games this year . We 'll celebrate the win . It 's only our fourth of the season . But we were determined to get them back into the game . We played with fire and escaped . ”
Merrimack climbs to 4-9-3 overall and 2-6-1 in Hockey East . They jump out of last place in the conference , now one point ahead of Vermont . Freshman Evan Bell collected his first two collegiate points with assists on the Tavernier and Irvine goals .
The Warriors will close out the first half of the season with a Saturday matinee against Northeastern next week . Puck drops at 4pm at Lawler Rink .
New Hampshire wraps up their first half of the season and busiest stretch of the season in bitter disappointment . The Wildcats fall to 9-7-1 overall and 4-5-1 in Hockey East . They had a chance to break a tie with Maine , but left points on the table . Senior Michael McNicholas was crestfallen after the game .
“ We had a chance to win , but we shot ourselves in the foot those first two periods . We got too happy scoring so early and did n't play them well . ”
Wildcat Coach Dick Umile was upset after the game .
“ I was n't happy with the effort of some guys last night and I thought today was about the same . That 's not a good formula for winning hockey , playing from behind all the time . ”
The Wildcats will sit for Exams and take a needed two-week break before hitting the ice again . They next play in the Ledyard Bank Classic at Thompson Arena in Hanover NH . They 'll face Dartmouth and Yale to end 2017 . Puck drops at 7 pm on December 29th and at 4 pm on December 30th .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hannah Spearritt is set to reprise her role as Kandice Taylor after impressing EastEnders bosses .
The former S Club 7 star , who starred in two episodes last year , proved popular with viewers during her short stint .
Feisty Kandice first appeared when sister Karen begged her for money , before driving into Albert Square in her posh motor and the cash .
Speaking to the Mirror Online in December , Hannah said she was `` popping in for a short stint '' but was open for a long-term stay .
EastEnders bosses were reportedly impressed with her performances and could offer a permanent role if she continues to prove popular with fans .
( Image : PA )
A telly source told The Sun : “ Bosses were really impressed with Hannah 's talent and energy .
“ She went down well with fans and created a great buzz around the show . She has a positive , hard-working attitude , which was infectious .
“ If she continues to prove popular , she could be a more permanent fixture . Plus her chemistry with the other actors works really well . ”
( Image : BBC )
Hannah promised `` explosive drama '' and she was n't lying , as the Taylor sisters had a heated argument in the street which ended up with money being thrown everywhere .
Speaking about her appearance in Walford last year , Hannah said : `` It feels great . For me it was something that I watched when I was a kid , it was lawyers on the telly .
`` It was something that I watched and thought I want to do that and be an actress .
`` So it 's awesome to have EastEnders on my CV and to be in the Square and all that stuff . It 's so surreal to be in the Square . ''
* EastEnders continues on Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm
Monday , August 14 , 2017
AUSTRALIA : A student on a university excursion to Rottnest Island off the coast of Perth found a rare green glass spearhead shaped by one of the island 's former Aboriginal prisoners . Between 1838 and 1931 , thousands of Aboriginal men and boys were incarcerated on the island , where many of them died from disease and malnutrition . Spearheads , fabricated from glass or ceramics , were used by the prison population for trade and perhaps to hunt quokkas , small wallaby-like marsupials . —Jason Urbanus
TRY NWADG FREE FOR 30 DAYS
We hope you 've enjoyed your preview of NWADG.com .
You 've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription .
Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local , state and national news .
Hyderabad came up with a brilliant bowling performance to successfully defend 118 against Mumbai on their way to a fourth win in six IPL 2018 matches on Tuesday .
Siddarth Kaul ( 3/23 ) and Afghanistan spinner Rashid Khan ( 2/11 ) were the architects of the SRH win as the Kane Williamson-led team bowled out the hosts for 87 in 18.5 overs at the Wankhede Stadium , the lowest total this season . Mumbai 's 22/3 was also the lowest Powerplay score this season .
Suryakumar Yadav ( 34 ) and Krunal Pandya ( 24 ) were the only Mumbai batsmen who could stand up to Hyderabad 's brilliant bowlers . It was Mumbai 's fifth defeat in six matches and they remained seventh in the table , just above Delhi .
Earlier in the match after being put into bat , SRH were themselves bowled out for 118 in 18.4 overs . Mitchell McClenaghan ( 2/22 ) triggered the collapse with two wickets in the second over of the SRH innings .
Mayank Markande once again was the pick of the MI bowlers with figures of 2/15 . Hardik Pandya also took two wickets , while Mustafizur Rahman and Jasprit Bumrah chipped in with one wicket apiece . The effort got Markande back in possession of the Purple Cap with 10 wickets .
Williamson ( 29 off 21 ) and Yusuf Pathan ( 29 off 33 ) were SRH 's top contributors .
Shikhar Dhawan 's return to the SRH XI did n't last long on the pitch as the left-hander edged McClenaghan onto his stumps while attempting a drive , which looked half-hearted at best - probably because of the previous delivery that Dhawan inside-edged onto his knee for a painful blow .
SRH 's No.3 Wriddhiman Saha ( 0 ) lasted just two balls as he chased a ball pushed across him by McClenaghan and edged it to MI wicketkeeper Ishan Kishan without troubling the scorers . The score at that stage read 10/2 in two overs .
Manish Pandey ( 16 ) began on a promising note yet again hitting McClenaghan for two fours in an over , both on the up , beating the ring of fielders on the off-side . But his stay ended on a soft note as he came out to hit Hardik but could n't get the elevation to beat MI captain Rohit in the covers .
The mix-up in the sixth and last Powerplay over sent SRH 's start further down the hole as Williamson sold Shakib Al Hasan ( 2 ) a dummy after calling him for a quick single . Shakib , who had run halfway down the crease , gave up even before Suryakumar took aim and then threw the stumps down direct at the non-striker 's end .
The Powerplay ended with the scoreboard showing 51/4 and that left SRH with a big repair job on their hands , at which they failed miserably . However , as it turned out later their total of 118 proved to be enough .
Transit across northern B.C . was key issue raised repeatedly during last fall 's hearings in Smithers
The British Columbia government has released a snapshot of the results of its transportation upgrades along Highway 16 , the route also known as the Highway of Tears .
The update comes on the first anniversary of expanded transit service connecting communities along highway where RCMP say 18 women have disappeared or have been murdered .
A news release from the Ministry of Transportation says approximately 5,000 people have used the expanded transit service over the last year .
That service connects Prince George to Burns Lake , Smithers , the Hazelton area and Terrace , a distance of nearly 600 kilometres .
The ministry says more than 9,000 passengers have also used the new community-vehicle program since the summer .
That includes 7,000 passengers , or 43 people every day who rely on the 18-kilometre shuttle service between Vanderhoof and the Saik'uz community .
“ People in northern B.C. , in particular , women and teenaged girls , are benefiting from these new transportation services , knowing there is a safe link to get between communities , ” Transportation Minister Claire Trevena says in the release .
Reg Mueller , Deputy Tribal Chief with the Carrier Sekani Tribal Council , says the community-vehicle program provides valuable access to employment and education opportunities .
Vanderhoof Mayor Gerry Thiessen says it has “ changed our communities for the better . ”
Transit across northern B.C . was a key issue raised repeatedly during last fall 's hearings in Smithers by the national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women .
Gladys Radek , whose 22-year-old niece Tamara Lynn Chipman disappeared while hitchhiking in Prince Rupert in 2005 , told the inquiry she knows people who have to hitchhike just to go to work and called for a free shuttle bus service .
The subsidized Highway 16 transit service has prompted Greyhound Canada to ask for provincial regulatory approval to cancel its route from Prince George to Prince Rupert .
When the application was submitted last summer , Greyhound said the subsidized routes had “ literally put us out of business ” along the corridor .
The Passenger Transportation Board is due to rule soon on Greyhound 's application .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bayern Munich are ready to end their interest in Alexis Sanchez over his wage demands .
The Chilean striker has been linked with Bavaria , with Arsenal refusing to sell him to a Premier League rival .
But Sanchez is demanding £22million a year and the German champions wo n't pay up , reports Bild .
Bavaria are now weighing up other options , including Yannick Carrasco , but there are complications given Atletico 's transfer ban .
Could he stay at the Emirates ?
Bellerin torn over Barça return
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
Barcelona midfielder Denis Suarez reveals Hector Bellerin is torn over a move to the Spanish giants and can not make a decision on whether he wants to leave Arsenal .
Bellerin continues to be linked with a big money move back to his boyhood club and the chance to get his career back on track following a frustrating campaign which saw him miss a large part of the season through injury .
Barcelona have been looking to bring in a new right back after failing to find a suitable replacement for Dani Alves who left the club to join Juventus last summer .
Suarez , speaking on Catalunya Radio , said : `` I have spoken with him , and on the one hand he 's keen to come and on the other he feels tied to Arsenal - I hope he can come . ''
READ MORE HERE .
Xhaka fears Sanchez exit
( Photo : Arsenal FC via Getty )
Granit Xhaka hopes Alexis Sanchez does a u-turn and stays at Arsenal - but fears he is a good fit for Bayern Munich , writes Darren Lewis .
The Chilean forward , 28 , has just a year left on his contract and has so far refused to sign a new deal .
Arsenal have offered Sanchez a new , £300,000-a-week contract but Bayern Munich are understood to be ready to match those terms .
Xhaka , who has just finished his first season in England since joining Arsenal from Borussia Mönchengladbach , said : “ I hope [ he does n't leave ] , of course .
“ He has qualities on the pitch which are incomprehensible . He has made many goals , and is also enormously important outside . ”
READ MORE HERE .
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Pause
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house , here 's what it looks like
2:51 Gov . Nikki Haley on challenges , pain and resilience in South Carolina
4:08 One year after deadly SC flooding , see how the dams failed across the Midlands
0:53 Area residents react to Lower Rockyford Lake dam being rebuilt
1:05 Sneak peek at Columbiana 's Dave and Buster 's
2:08 Civil War Reenactment
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool 's Champions League qualifier against Hoffenheim , but could return to action at the weekend .
The Reds have travelled to Germany for Tuesday night 's first leg against the Bundesliga side , but will be without the England striker .
Sturridge injured himself in the pre-season Audi Cup clash against Bayern Munich after scoring and missed the Reds ' Premier League opener against Watford at the weekend .
But speaking ahead of the Hoffenheim clash , Klopp said the forward should be back in action soon .
( Image : Andrew Powell )
“ He is in a good way , ” Klopp said at his pre-match press conference .
“ We had a talk this morning and he was really close , he looked good yesterday . Two more sessions and he will be available for the weekend . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Adam Lallana is currently sidelined with a thigh injury which will keep him out of action for two months and Klopp must also make do without Philippe Coutinho , who has a back injury amid speculation linking him with a move to Barcelona .
Nathaniel Clyne is still absent after hamstring and back injuries .
Following Tuesday night 's clash in Germany , Liverpool host Crystal Palace on Saturday .
Police Scotland is appealing for information in order to trace sisters Grace Elizabeth McKinney ( 8 ) and Kara McKinney ( 5 ) , who have been reported missing .
Officers have said that they are eager to trace Grace and Kara in order to confirm their wellbeing .
Grace and Kara are thought to be travelling with their father Michael McKinney , his girlfriend Martina and Woody ( 3 ) . They are travelling in a cream coloured Eldis Autoquest Motorhome , license plate number H36 PBO .
Grace and Kara were last known to be in the Aylth area and have previously been known to camp with their father in the West coast area , Fort William and Skye .
Grace is described as 4'10 ” slim with red/auburn hair and Kara is 4 ' 0 ” with red/auburn hair .
If you have any information which may assist Police in tracing Grace and Kara please contact Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 3165 11/08/17 or approach any police Scotland Officer .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tony Hutchinson is the Ian Beale or Ken Barlow of Hollyoaks .
He 's been on the Channel 4 soap since the very beginning 22 years ago , and he 's getting a special point of view episode to celebrate on Monday .
And viewers will also FINALLY get to find out who killed Amy Barnes .
Harry confesses to his dad he killed Amy - because he thinks he did but viewers know it was n't actually him .
Hollyoaks viewers will follow Tony - played by Nick Pickard - as he struggles to come to terms with the news that his son Harry is a murderer .
Will he tell the police the truth ?
( Image : LIMEPICTURES )
( Image : LIMEPICTURES )
( Image : Lime Pictures )
The guilt eats Tony up when he sees Amy 's grieving husband Ryan Knight with her children , Leah and Lucas in the local shop .
He goes to see Ryan at home later , but makes an emotional exit as the turmoil over Harry gets too much to bear , leaving Ryan confused .
Tony 's sorrow turns to fury and he throws Harry out of the family home , unable to be anywhere near his deceitful son .
But a flashback to the night Amy died reveals who really killed Amy Barnes…
Nick Pickard has spoken exclusively to Mirror TV about his exciting episode .
He told us : `` The director wanted it to be as much a continuous shot as it could possibly be .
`` With the logistics of the building , and the kids being in shot , we had to do some clever cuts .
( Image : LIMEPICTURES )
( Image : LIMEPICTURES )
`` But it was like being in the theatre , my adrenaline was really going ! ''
And , having been in the show 22 years , Nick has no interest in leaving Hollyoaks anytime soon .
He told us : `` Anything when you 've been there 22 years it 's always a lot of fun .
`` It 's really cliche but I 've been there 22 years and a lot of people there are like my family .
`` I hang out with them , play football with them , and know their kids .
`` It 's been a long time . ''
Here 's to another 22 years !
* Tony 's special Hollyoaks episode is on E4 at 7pm on Monday 9th September and repeated at 6.30pm on Channel 4 on Tuesday
After ending the first half of its third season on a massive romantic cliffhanger , Fuller House has dropped a brand-new trailer to tease the upcoming release of nine new episodes on Friday , Dec. 22 — and if you have n't set aside time already to binge your way through 'em , this is the best reminder you 're gon na get to clear your calendar .
The last time we saw the Tanner/Gibler clan , DJ ( Candace Cameron Bure ) was embroiled in an ongoing love triangle scenario that was perfectly timed to make things super weird on the eve of Steve 's ( Scott Weinger ) wedding . And from the looks of it , we 'll be getting all the promised awkwardness and then some . In the back half of Season 3 , the cast is heading to Tokyo for the scheduled nuptials , and Matt ( John Brotherton ) is still obliviously planning to propose to the girlfriend who 's in love with another guy .
Oof .
At least there 's a cat cafe and plenty of patented John Stamos butt-shaking .
Fuller House is currently streaming on Netflix and will release new episodes Friday , Dec. 22 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We 've had bags of fun pulling together this retro variety pack of classic crisps .
Last week we told how an all-you-can-eat retro crisp buffet is set to open its doors in Bristol later this month - serving classics like Tangy Toms and Space Raiders .
And that got us thinking of all the snacks we 'd like to see on the menu .
So we hit social media and found thousands of people have been posting snaps of their old favourites .
Some have perfectly preserved packets found in old boxes , kitchens or even hedges , while others have dug out photos from yesterday featuring some legendary nibbles .
Below are some of the rarest originals we 've spotted ... how many do you recall ?
Asda Partnership
If these got you in the mood for a crisp feast , load up your trolley down at Asda where they currently have an offer on for three multi-packs for £3 .
( Image : ASDA )
( Image : ASDA )
This top deal includes some old favourites , including Space Raiders , Discos , Frazzles and Chip Sticks .
ENTERTAINING : Sal Monalla and Melony Brests brought the house down at the Majestic Theatre Drag Queen Bingo on Friday night .
IT 'S a new era for the Majestic Theatre in Pomona , with a new committee and entertainment planned to inject life back into `` the old dame ” .
Friday night saw more than 100 people attend the sold-out Melony 's Drag Queen Bingo , a charity event raising money to help revitalise the southern hemisphere 's only running authentic silent theatre .
Pomona Arts Inc Majestic Theatre committee president Cherry Bright said the new committee is excited to bring some popular and much-loved events back to the Majestic .
`` Melony Brests and Sal Monella put on their famous drag queen bingo ( on Friday night ) , ” Ms Bright said .
`` The Majestic Theatre is a famous silent film theatre , but it not only does silent films , it puts on community events like this .
`` We 've got so many wonderful ideas to inject some life in to the beautiful old lady .
`` We 're starting up a film club , we 're bringing back the Thursday Fork and Film nights , and we 're bringing back regular silent films .
`` We 're also inviting all the aged care homes , retirement villages , rotary clubs , social clubs , any clubs , to book a silent film for a community event .
`` It 's such a beautiful theatre , it 's good for parties and weddings and everything . ”
While Ms Bright would n't comment on how or why the Majestic came to have a new committee , she said the team is full of experienced event managers and entertainers .
`` We 're just a new committee , we 're just here to do our best as volunteers , we 're just wanting to get it going , ” she said .
`` We 've got a powerhouse of a committee who are really experienced in business and putting on the events .
`` Melissa Isles , the secretary , has the Doo Wop singing group .
`` Our treasurer is Rose Berry , she 's the local piano player at Zabe .
`` We have Jacqui Bazzo , her family used to own the Majestic at one stage , and we 've brought back the beautiful Ron West who used to own the Majestic for decades . ”
Ms Bright said the committee is looking for more volunteers to help with events and bring some magic back to the Majestic .
If you can donate your time , call Ms Bright on 0410 573 629 .
Market Highlights :
A data science platform is a framework of the entire life cycle of a data science project . Data science platform contains all the tools required for executing the lifecycle of the data science project spanning across different phases such as data ideation , integration and implementation , model development and model deployment . Data science platform helps organizations to enhance their analysis by helping them run , track , reproduce , share and deploy analytical models faster . In general , all these tasks require lot of engineering effort and are difficult to build and maintain analytical models . Data science platforms give the data science teams a leg up in the competitive race to leverage analytics effectively .
The global data science platform market is being driven by factors such as global rapid advancement in big data technologies , demand for big data analysis to gain deeper insights into consumer buying patterns , and need for ease of use technological methods to drive business effectiveness . Data science platform aid to facilitate a high level of association across data scientists , business analysts , data engineers , and developers in different fields of business . Data Science platforms help the organizations to prepare data , build models and operationalize analytics .
The intensity of rivalry in the global data science platform market is moderate . With the emergence of new data science technologies , vendors are either enhancing their products in line with the changing end user requirements or aggressively engaging into organic and inorganic growth strategies in the global market .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5201
Major Key Players
Microsoft Corporation ( U.S. ) ,
IBM Corporation ( U.S. ) ,
Google , Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
Wolfram ( U.S. ) ,
DataRobot Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
Sense Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
RapidMiner Inc. ( U.S. ) ,
Domino Data Lab ( U.S. ) ,
Dataiku ( France ) ,
Alteryx , Inc. ( U.S. ) , and Continuum Analytics , Inc. ( U.S . )
According to MRFR , The global Data Science Platform Market is estimated to grow up to USD 115 billion with a CAGR ~ 29 % through the forecast period .
Segmentation
The market for global data science platform market is divided on the basis of business function , deployment model , vertical and region . On the basis of business function the segment is further classified into marketing , sales , logistics , human resources , operations , risk management , customer support and many more . On the basis of deployment the segment is further classified into on-demand and on-premise . The global data science platform covers a wide area of verticals such as BFSI , retail , healthcare , IT , transportation , energy and utilities , government and defense and many more .
Key Findings
First a real estate from Durham , using data science and machine learning to help real estate agents . Their SaaS platform analyzes over 700 personal factors such as demographics , income changes , and purchasing behavior and life events of every agent 's contact and cross-references them against national averages . The resulting seller score indicates how likely they are to sell their home , helping agents know exactly when to reach out for the best chance at landing a deal .
Veritone , Inc. , a leading provider of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and cognitive solutions , has acquired the advanced data analytics software and related intellectual property ( IP ) assets of Atigeo Corporation .
American Family Insurance is accelerating its use of data through advanced analytics and artificial intelligence ( AI ) with its purchase of Chicago-based data and analytics software company Networked Insights .
Regional Analysis
The market for global data science platform market is studied across North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and Rest of the World . The North American market is expected to hold the largest market share , owing to capital intensive industries present across the region . Enterprises are looking to embrace data science platform as the revered platform which will help them have a competitive edge in the marketplace . Asia Pacific region is anticipated to have the highest growth rate during the forecast period . Industrialization , digitalization and several smart city initiatives by governments intensify the adoption of data science platform .
North America leads the market for global data science platform market . Due to the presence of major market players such as IBM , Microsoft , Google and many more led to development in this sector . TD Bank Group acquired Layer 6 Inc. , a world-renowned artificial intelligence ( AI ) company based in Toronto , Ontario . Layer 6 adds new capabilities to TD 's growing base of innovation talent and know-how . Artificial Intelligence has the potential to power a new generation of data-driven applications from personalized and real-time advice to predictive analytics that will shape the future of banking for millions of individuals .
Asia Pacific is anticipated to grow at rapid rate through the forecast period . Data science companies are setting up in Asia Pacific to meet the growing demand to maximise in-house data production and analysis . In November 2017 , French software developer Dataiku Inc. , which owns predictive analytics software platform Data Science Studio , announced its intention to accelerate its expansion in this region .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/data-science-platform-market-5201
Intended Audience
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The price of making a bacon sandwich has soared as both pork and butter prices rose .
New figures show pork prices on the international market have hit a four-year high and butter is trading at almost twice the price it was this time last year .
Pork products are leaving farms costing 12 per cent more than 12 months ago , the latest data reveals , while butter from producers has been 91 per cent higher .
Demand continues to outstrip supply in foreign markets which has a knock on effect for price tags here , said agribusiness specialists Rabobank .
Supermarket figures in July showed fresh pork in British retailers was up six per cent year on year and bacon up two per cent .
But some popular products by more as shops spread the cost across the shelves .
( Image : REUTERS )
Some supplies have resorted to 'shrinkflation ' - for instance Richmond Sausages who have cut a pack of 16 down to 14 but kept the price the same .
Butter is also rising significantly because many producers are cutting back on the amount of butter they make in order to produce more cheddar , which has a greater profit margin and is also rising in demand .
Butter production in the UK has fallen seven per cent over the past 12 months and prices from the producers are 91 per cent higher , on average , than this time last year at around £5,730 per tonne .
( Image : Getty Images/Hemera )
As with pork , prices on supermarket shelves may not always reflect the whole increase as some retailers absorb the prices .
But there have already been reports that prices are up by between 20-50 per cent in shops .
Not only is the price likely to continue to rise but could also mean shortages by Christmas as supplies continue to fall but demand does not , say analysts .
The Grocer said : `` Butter prices have continued to rise over the past month thanks to low supplies across the EU and high consumer demand .
`` In the UK , dairies prioritised cheese processing over butter due to increased profitability . ''
On Jan. 20 , 2018 , amateur astronomer Scott Tilley detected an unexpected signal coming from what he later postulated was NASA 's long-lost IMAGE satellite , which had not been in contact since 2005 . On Jan. 30 , NASA -- along with help from a community of IMAGE scientists and engineers -- confirmed that the signal was indeed from the IMAGE spacecraft . Whatever the next steps for IMAGE may be , the mission 's nearly six years in operation provided robust research about the space around Earth that continue to guide science to this day .
On March 25 , 2000 , NASA launched the Imager for Magnetopause-to-Aurora Global Exploration , or IMAGE , mission . It was the first mission to use neutral atom , photon and radio imaging techniques to produce large-scale , simultaneous measurements of the charged particles that exist in near-Earth space -- namely in our magnetosphere , the magnetic fields that surround our planet , and its inner bubble of cold material called the plasmasphere .
`` IMAGE was a discovery machine and a seminal mission that gave us a broader perspective on Earth 's environment and its ever-changing magnetosphere , '' said Jim Green , director of planetary science at NASA Headquarters in Washington , who worked as a co-investigator and deputy project scientist for IMAGE . `` Much of my career as a magnetospheric physicist was with IMAGE , and the science was transformative . ''
Originally designed as a two-year mission , IMAGE was approved twice to continue its operations . But when the spacecraft unexpectedly failed to make contact on a routine pass on Dec.18 , 2005 , its promising tenure seemed to be cut short .
Investigations into possible causes of failure suggested that the transmitter controller power source was tripped , possibly by an incoming high-energy cosmic ray or radiation belt particle . It was hypothesized that passing through a dramatic change in energy -- such as what happens when a spacecraft experiences total darkness during an eclipse -- could potentially reset the spacecraft . But after a 2007 eclipse failed to induce a reboot , the mission was declared over .
What was the IMAGE mission ?
Before that , however , IMAGE was a powerhouse . The data collected during its nearly five years of operation led to some 40 new discoveries about Earth 's magnetosphere and plasmasphere . Many of these discoveries had their basis in energetic neutral atom , or ENA , imaging , a novel technique pioneered by IMAGE to render the invisible visible .
The technique makes use of some fundamental space physics . Particles with an electric charge -- like the ions that make up much of the plasma in the magnetosphere -- are bound to Earth 's magnetic field lines , spinning around them like a yo-yo on a string . But when they crash into neutral particles , the charged particles can steal the neutral 's electrons in a process called charge exchange , becoming neutral themselves .
No longer magnetically bound , these energetic neutral atoms barrel off into space in whatever direction they were heading when the collision occurred . ENA instruments capture these neutral atoms and use them to build up large scale images of the surrounding plasma , similar to how ordinary cameras capture light rays to create pictures .
In combination with ENA instruments , IMAGE also used ultraviolet and radio imaging techniques that together led to many of IMAGE 's most notable accomplishments . Among them is the confirmation of the plasmaspheric plume , a region of plasma particles that flow backwards toward the Sun on Earth 's dayside . Such a backflow had been predicted by models , but never directly observed by spacecraft .
`` It 's as if you 're driving in a convertible , '' said Thomas Moore , the mission scientist for IMAGE , as well as the lead for the spacecraft 's Low Energy Neutral Atom ( LENA ) Imager at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland . `` The air is rushing against the car in one direction , but your hair will blow towards the windshield . ''
IMAGE produced large-scale images every two minutes . The rapid cadence of imaging allowed scientists to knit the images together to create frame-by-frame movies that could show the vast scale of charged particle interactions in near-Earth space , including those that cause the aurora .
The missions that had flown before IMAGE had only been able to gather measurements at a single point in time and space -- catching the particles the spacecraft happened to fly through at the time , rather than capturing a wide panoramic view . But such point measurements are challenging to interpret .
`` The trouble with a single point measurement is you 're always moving around and you 're never quite sure if the variation that you see is because you 've moved to a different place or because something has changed globally in the system , '' Moore said . `` I used to liken space physics before IMAGE to trying to study severe storms by driving around with a rain gauge out your window . ''
IMAGE drastically changed the playing field . `` We suddenly had a camera that could see the whole system , '' Moore added .
But IMAGE did n't just make pretty pictures : It was also the first space science mission to formally include an education and public outreach program ( POETRY ) as part of its proposal to NASA , specifically setting aside a budget for such activities . Partnering with elementary , middle and high school teachers , IMAGE 's science findings were incorporated into lessons and classroom activities .
While IMAGE 's future continues to unfold , its legacy has already proven its worth : The information it gleaned with its wide-range view provides an important complement to missions looking at smaller scales of the magnetosphere , including the highly successful Magnetospheric Multiscale mission , or MMS , launched in March 2015 and currently in orbit .
# # #
Bengaluru , 02 July 2018 : The Akshaya Patra Foundation is pleased to announce its all-India , fellowship programme to encourage young leaders and future social entrepreneurs to participate in the organization 's initiatives . The fellowship will be an eight-month programme across locations where Akshaya Patra is implementing the Mid-Day Meal Programme . The last date for sending applications is July 31 , 2018 .
The objective of this programme is to train aspirants and successfully implement our initiatives in the areas of education , hygiene & sanitation , soft-skill training and health & nutrition . Akshaya Patra will award fellowships to 12 selected aspirants .
“ Akshaya Patra is happy to institute this fellowship . We look forward to working with enthusiastic , energetic and driven individuals who wish to contribute to the society through their skills and talents ” , says – Shridhar Venkat , CEO of Akshaya Patra .
Through the programme , the fellows will also get the opportunity to hone their skills in leadership , people-management , public-speaking , conflict resolution , relationship building , time management and problem-solving .
For more details about the Akshaya Patra fellowships , log on to https : //www.akshayapatra.org/fellowship-program or send an expression of interest to gedac @ akshayapatra.org
AboutThe Akshaya Patra Foundation
The Akshaya Patra Foundation is a not-for-profit organization headquartered in Bengaluru , India , which strives to address issues like hunger and malnutrition in the country . By implementing the Mid-Day Meal Scheme in Government and Government-aided schools , Akshaya Patra aims to fight hunger and at the same time , bring children to school .
Since 2000 , Akshaya Patra has worked towards reaching more children with wholesome food on every single school day . The Foundation is continuously leveraging technology to cater to millions of children . Its state-of-the-art kitchens have become a subject of study and attract curious visitors from around the world .
In partnership with the Government of India and various State Governments and the inestimable support of many philanthropic donors and well-wishers , Akshaya Patra has grown from humble beginnings serving just 1,500 school children across 5 schools . Today , it is the world 's largest ( not-for-profit run ) mid-day meal programme , serving wholesome food to over 1.6 million children from 14,173 schools across 12 states in India . For more details , please log on : https : //www.akshayapatra.org/
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) — The Chiefs had lost four straight games , suspended arguably their best defensive player and reached such a nadir offensively that Andy Reid recently turned over play-calling duties to his coordinator .
Makes perfect sense this would be the week they 'd turn everything around .
Kareem Hunt churned for 116 yards and a touchdown in a performance reminiscent of earlier this season , the Kansas City defense fared just fine without star cornerback Marcus Peters , and the Chiefs beat Derek Carr and the Oakland Raiders 26-15 on Sunday in a crucial AFC West showdown .
“ To play the way we know we can play early , then to get challenged and get a rough patch and find our way out of it , I think guys have that confidence now , ” said Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith , who threw for 268 yards . “ All three phases were playing off each other , all three playing good team football . ”
The Chiefs ( 7-6 ) entered the game tied atop the division standings with the Raiders ( 6-7 ) and the Chargers , who played Washington later Sunday and visit Kansas City on Saturday night .
Now , they have some momentum heading into another important game .
“ Any time you have a divisional game , you know you 're going to have to come out and play . That 's just the accountability factor , ” Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce said . “ You know if you win the division , you get a ticket to the dance . ”
The Raiders likewise knew the importance of Sunday 's game at Arrowhead Stadium .
“ There 's definitely a moment when you say , ‘ What 's going on here ? ' ” said Carr , who was 24 of 41 for 211 yards with a touchdown and two picks . “ Was there a moment when we thought we did n't have it ? No . ”
Carr 's performance was a far cry from when the teams met in October . He threw for 417 yards and three touchdowns that day , including the winning toss to Michael Crabtree on the final play of the game .
That loss was part of a midseason swoon for Kansas City , which started 5-0 but lost six of seven to fall into a tie for the division lead — and put its once-solid playoff prospects in peril .
They 're looking a lot better now .
The Chiefs should also have Peters back next week . The volatile young star was suspended by Reid this week for a series of embarrassing incidents , including the throwing of an official 's flag into the stands in the Meadowlands . And while the trio of Steven Nelson , Darrelle Revis and Terrance Mitchell more than made up for him , Peters at his best offers unique game-changing ability .
Meanwhile , the Chiefs ' offense produced for the second straight week with offensive coordinator Matt Nagy calling the shots . The Chiefs got four field goals from Harrison Butker with their two TD runs , and they did n't have to punt until the fourth quarter .
“ They executed better than us , ” said Raiders linebacker Bruce Irvin , who had two sacks . “ Our objective is to win the game and that was unfortunate . So we have to keep pushing . ”
The Raiders did make it interesting late , recovering an onside kick after Lynch 's TD run . Carr connected with Jared Cook on fourth down for another score , and the 2-point conversion trimmed what had been a 26-0 deficit to 26-15 in a matter of minutes .
But after receiving the kickoff , the Chiefs ' Albert Wilson made a juggling catch to convert a third down , and that allowed the reigning AFC West champs to mostly run out the clock .
“ We need to control the things we can control . Get ready for the Cowboys , ” Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said . “ That 's what we do . That 's what you do in this business . It 's a tough one today . We obviously came in with high hopes . Everything we wanted to accomplish in our season was in front of us . It was a big day and big moment , and we did not play well . ”
RECORD ROOKIE
Hunt 's performance gave him 1,046 yards rushing for the season , making him the second Chiefs rookie to top the 1,000-yard . Joe Delaney , whose career was cut tragically short when he drowned while trying to save three kids in a Louisiana pond , accomplished the feat in 1981 .
COOPER HURT
Raiders WR Amari Cooper was active after he was cleared of a concussion and a sprained left ankle was deemed OK . But he left in the second quarter with a right leg injury when he was blocking downfield on a run by DeAndre Washington , and a defender rolled into the back of him .
OTHER INJURIES
The Raiders also were missing two defensive starters in CB David Amerson ( foot sprain ) and LB Cory James ( knee ) , while DE Mario Edwards Jr. ( ankle ) left early in the second quarter and TE Clive Walford went down in the fourth . The Chiefs missed starting C Mitch Morse with a sprained foot .
UP NEXT
Raiders : return home to face the Cowboys next Sunday night .
Chiefs : get another AFC West contender when the Chargers visit Saturday night .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A bayfront home on Louse Point in the Springs neighborhood of East Hampton owned by cookbook author and editor Eleanor Lynch is on the market for $ 3.65 million .
Lynch authored “ Reynolds Wrap Creative Cooking With Aluminum Foil , ” a recipe book published in 1967 and sponsored by the aluminum foil company . She also wrote “ The Ogilvie Cookbook , ” which came with an aluminum foil dust jacket .
The five-bedroom , two-bedroom home , which sits on 150 feet of waterfront property on Gardiners Bay , has been in the Lynch family since 1958 .
It is listed with Denise Wilder and Christopher Stewart of Douglas Elliman Real Estate .
SAN JOSE , Calif. ( AP ) — Nino Niederreiter was frustrated at losing the puck during overtime . Once he got it back , he was n't going to let another opportunity pass .
Niederreiter scored 3:26 into the extra period and the Minnesota Wild beat the San Jose Sharks 4-3 on Sunday night after squandering a three-goal lead .
Eric Staal scored twice and Ryan Murphy added a goal as the Wild extended their winning streak over the Sharks to four games .
“ It 's always ideal when you can get a lead , especially on the road , ” Staal said . “ Special teams gave them a lot of momentum and they made some good plays but we stuck with it to get the two points . ”
Tomas Hertl tapped in a loose puck for San Jose with five minutes left in regulation to tie it at 3 .
Hertl 's goal followed a furious Sharks attack that Wild goalie Alex Stalock was able to fend off until a shot from Dylan DeMelo bounced off his shoulder pads and into no man 's land just above the crease .
“ We faced a barrage in the third period , ” Wild coach Bruce Boudreau said . “ I think goalies like that as long as they 're making the saves . It came out positive . ”
Brent Burns scored twice for the Sharks , who had won five of seven .
“ It 's so crazy with a big comeback , ” Burns said . “ It got a little exciting out there and it was still a big point . ”
Stalock made 31 saves in his first appearance against his former team . Martin Jones stopped 20 shots for the Sharks .
“ That 's the first time I 've ever played against an old team , ” Stalock said . “ I have a lot of good friends . I ca n't wait to talk to Burnsie about the second goal . He ripped it but it moved like a knuckleball . ”
The Wild , winners in four of their last five games , scored twice in the first 10 minutes . A series of sharp passes set up Murphy for a power-play goal just more than four minutes in . Staal sent a pass to Jason Zucker behind the net and he found Murphy for a 1-on-1 score .
Staal 's first goal came after Ryan Suter recognized an advantage when Burns ran into Jones , knocking him off his feet . Suter delivered a pass to Staal , who easily fired it over Jones .
Early in the second period , Staal was able to push the puck through Jones ' skates for a 3-0 Wild lead .
Burns got the Sharks on the scoreboard with a power-play goal during a two-man advantage late in the second period . Burns scored again on a power play with a slap shot from just inside the blue line midway through the third , his 12th multi-goal game .
NOTES : Sharks forward Jannik Hansen appeared in his 600th NHL game . … Burns has six points in his last three games , including three goals . … Murphy scored his first goal in 69 games . … Staal had his second multi-goal effort in five games . … Zucker has points in eight of his last nine games .
UP NEXT
Wild : Open a three-game homestand against the Calgary Flames on Tuesday .
Sharks : Begin a three-game road trip in Calgary on Wednesday .
___
More AP NHL hockey at https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
SD # 83 students take part in the annual Pirate Loppet at Larch Hills
Bastion Elementary 's Ellie Giesbrecht and Danica Le Blanc wave the Jolly Roger for skiers making their way to the finish line in the Pirate Loppet . Lachlan Labere/Salmon Arm Observer
Through fog , snowfall and the smoke of cannonade , School District # 83 students sailed up the trails of the Larch Hills ski area Friday morning , Feb. 2 , for the annual Pirate Loppet .
Pirates , teachers and parents participated in the elementary school cross-country event , skiing one- , two- and five-kilometre routes .
Photos by Lachlan Labere/Salmon Arm Observer
© AFP Photo/JACK GUEZ
Israeli police on Monday detained diamond magnate Beny Steinmetz and four others as part of an international money laundering investigation , authorities said.Tal Silberstein , an adviser to Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern , was also among those detained , as was the acting chairman of Israeli telecommunications firm Bezeq.Besides the Guinea investigation , the Israeli billionaire was charged in Romania last year with forming an organized criminal group and money laundering in a property-related case that cost the state $ 145 million.Israeli police said five suspects had been detained on Monday morning for questioning on suspicions including money laundering , fraud , forgery , obstruction of justice and bribery.Homes and offices were also searched.The suspects were not named in the statement , nor were details provided on where the alleged offenses may have occurred.However , police later said those detained included Steinmetz and Silberstein.Both men appeared in a magistrates court later Monday in Rishon Lezion near Tel Aviv and had their remands extended until Thursday.Kern 's Social Democrats issued a statement saying they will no longer work with Silberstein `` after the legal accusations that have emerged out of Israel today '' .Bezeq said its interim chairman David Granot was also detained for questioning , but added that the investigation did not involve the company.Israeli police said they were `` investigating a number of suspects since the morning on suspicion that they worked systematically with the main suspect in order to produce and present fictitious contracts and transactions , including in the field of real estate in a foreign country , for the purpose of money transfers and money laundering '' .The investigation was being conducted with `` international cooperation '' , they said.Steinmetz controls mining firm BSG Resources and has a net worth estimated by Forbes of $ 1.02 billion , making him the 17th-richest person in Israel.In December , he was ordered to remain under house arrest until January 2.At the time , BSG Resources issued a statement calling the allegations against Steinmetz `` baseless '' .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain says it was going back to basics that helped Arsenal secure a much-needed win at Middlesbrough on Monday evening .
Gunners boss Arsene Wenger sent his side out in a 3-4-3 formation that saw Oxlade-Chamberlain play at right wing-back and the England star says the players got their attitude spot on .
`` What we have done over the last few games has not been good enough , we needed to take responsibility for that and I think we have done that this week between ourselves , '' he said following the 2-1 win at the Riverside .
`` We knew it did n't matter how we won , we had to go out there and get back to basics and that is about making sure our commitment levels are right to play for this football club , '' he continued after Arsenal moved up to sixth place to keep their top four hopes alive .
`` It is a massive honour to play for a team like Arsenal , you have got to give 100 percent , week in , week out and maybe that had been slipping the last few weeks and that was the first thing we needed to get right and we did that , '' he said .
Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil sealed the win which means the Gunners sit seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City , although the north London side have a game in hand .
( Photo : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
( Photo : PA )
Wenger said that the new system buoyed his side but remained coy on whether he would utilise it in the future .
`` It was something new for us , we worked on it this week . I think we adapted really well to it tonight and I think it worked really well for us , especially in the first half , '' Oxlade-Chamberlain continued .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
`` I think Middlesbrough came out second half and made it a lot more difficult and they went very direct at the end but all in all it was a new system and we have got the three points with it and that is all that matters .
`` In recent weeks it 's not gone well for us and to see our fans travel all the way up here on a Monday night , it means everything to us , for them to stand by us . It was only right we could get them three points and I would like to thank them . ''
Arsenal face Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday before hosting champions Leicester City the following Wednesday .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Beckley , WV ( WOAY ) – The West Virginia Miners split a two-game series with the Butler BlueSox , as the visitors won 9-5 on Wednesday at Epling Stadium .
Butler raced out to a 4-0 lead in the early innings , before the Miners put together a brief rally . Eddy Gonzalez continued his hit streak and Ivan Acuna hit a two-run home run in third to close the deficit to 4-3 .
Butler has won five of the six games played between the two this season ; they 'll meet again this weekend in Pennsylvania . West Virginia begins a two-game series with Terre Haute on Thursday .
Related
Comments
comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ben Te ' o is under orders to go “ fox hunting ” on ­England 's payback ­mission to Italy .
Worcester and 2017 Lions centre Te ' o starts his first England Test this weekend since Italy outsmarted the Six Nations champions for much of his full debut in the reverse fixture at Twickenham last year .
Red Rose coach Eddie Jones was furious with the Azzurri 's “ ruckless ” strategy — a tactic which the visitors dubbed ‘ The Fox ' .
The Australian labelled it “ anti-rugby ” and threatened to walk away from the sport if it was repeated .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : CameraSport via Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At the Stadio Olimpico ­on Sunday , Jones comes face to face with his tormentors for the first time since that awkward afternoon .
He has demanded his players are “ brutal and ­absolutely ruthless ” in ­exacting revenge .
Central to his ­thinking is that cross-code ­import Te ' o will run straight and hard and take no ­prisoners in the Italian midfield .
“ The Six Nations is a massive physical contest , ” said Jones . “ It 's not played with the pace of other ­tournaments partly because of the weather . You 've got to have that combative mindset and we want to set the tone early – with line speed in defence and hole-punching in attack .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ We want to run through them , create space , smash them at the clean-out , get on the front foot . So when they get the ball they see this white line of jerseys coming at them and there 's nowhere to go . ”
Without principal ball ­carriers Billy Vunipola and Nathan Hughes through injury , Jones needs rookie No.8 Sam Simmonds and the experienced Te ' o to make the hard yards .
“ I 've always wanted to play Ben at 13 , ” he admitted . “ We played him against Italy last year but ‘ The Fox ' got him . It got him big time .
“ So he wants to go ­fox hunting this week .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Getty )
“ We want to see him carry the ball and hit the line hard . If there are no foxes out there , he might have a chance . ”
To make room for Te ' o , Jones has had to sacrifice Jonathan Joseph — scorer of an 18-minute hat-trick the last time England were in Rome .
Te ' o has not started a match of any kind since October due to injury , but so impressed was Jones by how he played for the Lions in the 31-year-old 's native New Zealand that he has brought him in at the first ­opportunity .
“ He was ­outstanding in the first Test , ” said Jones .
( Image : AFP/Getty )
“ He went at Sonny Bill Williams and did some really good things . He had a significant impact and looked like a player who can win Test matches for you . ”
England are 1/25 with the bookies to maintain their 100 per cent record in the ­fixture , and evens to complete a first-ever hat-trick of ­outright tournament wins .
* MATT DAWSON has paid tribute to the England scrum-halves set to remove his name from the record books .
Ben Youngs starts his 56th Test on Sunday , overtaking the World Cup winner 's record for the most by an England half-back .
( Image : Getty )
Danny Care will then equal Dawson 's landmark for most caps as England scrum-half if-and-when he comes off the bench to win his 77th cap .
“ I could n't think of two more deserving players to be England 's most-capped and most starting scrum-halves , ” said Mirror columnist Dawson .
“ Primarily I 'm proud to call them both my friends , and I 've thoroughly enjoyed watching them help drive England 's current success .
( Image : Getty )
“ In such a contact-driven sport , their guile and mind for the game at the highest level is world-class and I 've the utmost confidence the pair of them will taste even more success in the next year or so .
“ It 's a record I 'm sure they would have been quietly targeting as I know how immensely proud I was to hold it . Their dedication to the game is incredible , but the journey is not yet over .
“ They are desperate for the main goal of World Cup glory and I back them the whole way . ”
Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience . Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support , Linux performance , graphics drivers , and other topics . Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite , Phoromatic , and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software . He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com .
Galleries
Collection
Building off the ideology of being more than a denim brand , AG has recently honed in on the expansion of wardrobe staples with reinterpreted classics . Across men 's and women 's , there was a clear workwear and utilitarian bent – a shirtdress with drawstring waist , a mechanic suit with feminine pleating , or a new “ Ridge ” jean for men based on traditional carpenter pants fully equipped with hammer loop and multiple pockets . The range was youthful and fun and played to the idea of cross-gender styling , where roomy turtlenecks and shirting with either oversized pockets or slightly asymmetric construction could easily be shared between men or women . Even the new “ Kieran ” style for women , with volume around the hip , tapered construction and slight crop , seemed appropriate for anyone . There were a few pieces strictly for each , though , as in a streamlined jumpsuit for her with wrap-front pleats at the leg that could work equally well with heels at the office or sneakers on the weekend .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Smoke pours from the second floor windows of a house at 508 W. Spruce St. Friday afternoon as firefighters prepare to attack Emergency Medical Technician Steve Barrett updates firefighters on Friday as smoke pours from the second floor of a home at 508 W. Spruce St. , Mahanoy City .
MAHANOY CITY — Fire damaged two homes in the 500 block of West Spruce Street on Friday afternoon , leaving seven people temporarily homeless .
Firefighters were called to a home at 508 W. Spruce St. around 4:20 p.m. and found smoke coming from the home and fire apparently in the walls .
The fire was contained to two homes , 508 W. Spruce St. and an attached home at 510 W. Spruce St. , according to David Truskowsky , Mahanoy City Fire Department administrative assistant .
Patty Daley , disaster captain of the American Red Cross Tri-County Chapter , said her organization is assisting all seven people with food , clothing and shelter .
She identified those displaced by the blaze as :
• 508 W. Spruce St. — Megan Taris , 35 , and her three children — Brady Wagner , 14 ; Jake Taris , 7 ; and Kaia Taris , 4 .
• 510 W. Spruce St. — Melody Wagner , 43 ; her son , Chad Price , 17 ; and grandson , Liam Barrineau , 3 .
Truskowsky said all Mahanoy City fire companies , along with Mahanoy City police and Mahanoy City EMS , responded to the fire that was brought under control in about an hour .
He said the fire appears to be accidental and “ electrical in nature . ”
Truskowsky said that the 508 home sustained fire , smoke and water damage , while the home at 510 sustained smoke and water damage .
Contact the writer : fandruscavage @ republicanherald.com ; 570-628-6013
It just FEELS GOOD to say it…the first day of Spring is here ! Here 's what you need to know…
March is a notoriously fickle month for weather , but one thing that always comes , rain or shine , is the first day of spring — even if it does n't feel like it , it just feels GREAT to have Spring upon us !
1 . What happens on the first day of spring ?
The first day of spring is the only time of year when the sun rises in the east and sets in the west for everyone across the world . It 's also the only moment each year that the Earth 's tilt is zero in relation to our sun . So , if you were standing on the equator , the sun would pass directly over your head .
2 . How do you determine the first day of spring ?
The first day of spring is determined by the vernal equinox , which is when the sun crosses over plane of the earth 's equator , making night and day approximately equal lengths all over the world . One the day of the equinox passes , both of Earth 's hemispheres get an equal amount of sunlight .
There are actually two ways to determine the first day of spring — the astronomical cycle or the meteorologic cycle — but most people use the astronomical cycle . The astronomical cycle considers March 20 , 2018 to be the first day of spring , and is always based on the March equinox , whereas the meteorologic cycle bases its first day of spring on seasonal weather and temperature patterns .
So if you go by the meteorologic cycle , the first day of spring is actually March 1 , AccuWeather says .
3 . Is the first day of spring the same every year ?
No . The date changes each year since it is determined by the timing of the sun crossing over the Earth 's equator , which shifts ever so slightly depending on a few factors .
The Earth 's orbit is constantly changing in relation to the sun , while at the same time the gravity of other planets impacts the Earth 's location in space . Those physical dynamics coupled with the fact that each calendar year always has a different number of days ( think leap years ) , means that the first day of springs varies slightly from year to year .
4 . What time does spring arrive in 2018 ?
The exact time the vernal equinox is supposed to occur this year is at 12:15 p.m. on Tuesday , March 20 , according to the Farmer 's Almanac .
The spring equinox in the Southern Hemisphere happens at the exact opposite time of the year , so it 's actually the fall equinox for people on the other side of the world ( the same way that winter and summer are reversed for both hemispheres ) .
FILE - In this Sunday , Feb. 14 , 2016 , file photo , Actress Cynthia Nixon poses for the photographers during a photo call for the film ' A Quiet Passion ' at the 2016 Berlinale Film Festival in Berlin , Germany . The former `` Sex and the City '' star says she 'll challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September . Her announcement Monday , March 19 , 2018 , sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions . ( AP Photo/Michael Sohn , File )
FILE - In this Sunday , Feb. 14 , 2016 , file photo , Actress Cynthia Nixon poses for the photographers during a photo call for the film ' A Quiet Passion ' at the 2016 Berlinale Film Festival in Berlin , Germany . The former `` Sex and the City '' star says she 'll challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September . Her announcement Monday , March 19 , 2018 , sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions . ( AP Photo/Michael Sohn , File )
ALBANY , N.Y. ( AP ) - Former `` Sex and the City '' star Cynthia Nixon is running for New York governor .
After flirting with a run for months , Nixon tweeted Monday that she will challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September .
It sets up a longshot bid pitting an openly gay liberal activist who has never held political office against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions .
Her campaign website said Nixon wo n't accept any corporate contributions and will limit contributions from any individual or organization to $ 65,100 for the election cycle .
`` We want our government to work again . On health care , ending massive incarceration , fixing our broken subway , '' Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . `` We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us . ''
Nixon has her work cut out for her . A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats , and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals . Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats but did n't have more than a quarter of either group .
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16 . The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points .
Nixon in recent months has given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run `` bluer '' in 2018 and carve out a strong , progressive liberal identity rather than being merely `` the anti-Trump party . ''
`` It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense , '' said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio .
Nixon , a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three , is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , who has frequently clashed with Cuomo on a range of issues . Her video shows her with her young son Max as she talks about being a proud public school parent .
Last month , at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign , which has endorsed Cuomo , she took a backhanded stab at the governor 's record : `` For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state , New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country . ''
A Cuomo campaign spokesman said the governor `` has delivered more real progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country , '' including legalizing gay marriage , tightening gun restrictions , raising the minimum wage , expanding public education funding and banning fracking .
The 60-year-old Cuomo recently mocked the celebrity status the Grammy , Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race .
`` Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor , '' Cuomo said earlier this month . `` If it was just about name recognition , then I 'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel do n't get into the race . ''
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy `` Sex and the City , '' her star power among upstate voters is less certain .
Jefrey Pollock , pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats , said that celebrity is n't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth .
`` Over and over in our research , Democratic primary voters say they 're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington , D.C. , and see what the outsider has meant to this country , '' Pollock said .
The first task for Nixon , Muzzio said , is to launch a listening and talking tour .
`` She ca n't be the celebrity glamour girl , '' he said . `` She 's got to get out there and get exposure upstate . ''
Nixon wo n't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot . Former `` Law and Order : SVU '' actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district .
___
This story has been corrected to show the child in the video is Nixon 's son , not daughter .
ISLAMABAD : An accountability court on Tuesday will resume hearing of the Avenfield properties case against former prime minister Nawaz Sharif his family .
Accountability Court-I Judge Mohammad Bashir will preside over the hearing . Nawaz Sharif has reached the accountability court hearing corruption cases against him and his family .
Former Panama case joint investigation team ( JIT ) head Wajid Zia will resume recording his statement today and present documents related to the case from the JIT report .
At the last hearing on March 16 , Maryam 's counsel Amjad Pervez and Nawaz 's counsel Khawaja Haris questioned the legality of the evidence being presented by Zia and objected that they are copies of photocopies and unverified documents .
At an earlier hearing , Wajid Zia , head of the Joint Investigation Team ( JIT ) probing corruption allegations against members of the Sharif family , presented former Qatari Prince Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani 's letter defending the Sharif family as evidence in court , as the hearing of the Avenfield reference resumed on Thursday .
The defence counsel did not raise any objections to the admissibility of the Qatari letter as evidence .
The letter , written by Thani , owes up to Nawaz 's previous allegations and claims that such letters exist . In July 2017 , the JIT declared the Sharif family 's prime and final defence – the letters from Qatari Prince Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani – as “ totally a myth rather than a reality ” , adding that the ruling family had never invested 12 million dirhams in the Qatari royal family 's business .
THE REFERENCES :
The NAB has in total filed three references against the Sharif family and another against the former finance minister Ishaq Dar in the accountability court , in light of the SC 's orders in the Panama Papers case verdict of July 28 .
The references against the Sharif family pertain to the Azizia Steel Mills and Hill Metals Establishment , their London properties , and over dozen offshore companies owned by the family .
Maryam and Safdar are only nominated in the London properties reference . At an earlier hearing , the court also approved Maryam and Safdar 's bail in the Avenfield properties case and ordered them to submit surety bonds worth Rs5 million each .
Meanwhile , in another major blow to the political career of Nawaz Sharif , the SC had ruled that a person disqualified under Articles 62 and 63 of the Constitution of Pakistan can not head a party , making Nawaz ineligible to lead the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz ( PML-N ) .
MUMBAI : In a relief for the non-veg loving students studying at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay ( IIT-B ) , the institute has clarified that there is no food restriction that is being put in place in the campus .
`` IIT Bombay clarifies that the Institute has not banned non-veg food in the campus , as reported by few publications . A letter was issued to the caterer of a cafeteria atop Civil Engineering Dept . for purely health and safety reasons as he was serving stale food , '' a statement by IIT PRO said .
As per a few reports , the institute had told students and mess authorities that non-veg had been strictly banned and would not even be served in the cafeteria .
The report had said that the decision was taken after students in the institute raised objections over `` serving of non-veg food , including egg items . ''
Reports had quoted a circular which had said that `` no lunch and dinner party orders allowed for other departments and such services and orders are banned . Lunch services are also not permitted . The cafeteria authorities should provide the list of vegetarian items to a committee for a review , and no cooking is allowed in the cafeteria . ''
Since 1990 , all consumer prices have increased 100 percent on average , medical costs 200 percent and college tuition 400 percent . Those numbers come from the U.S. Labor Department as cited by the Wall Street Journal .
-- -
The content you 're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only . Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The WINONA TIMES and The CONSERVATIVE .
If you 're an existing subscriber ( print or digital ) and already have your Username and Password , click here : http : //winonatimes.com/user/login
If you 're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account , click here : http : //winonatimes.com/existing-subscribers
New Delhi : The Indian government on Saturday dismissed as `` riddled with factual inaccuracies '' a media report that suggested that Kulbhushan Jadhav , the Indian national who was sentenced to death by a Pakistani military court on alleged espionage charges , might be a serving Indian naval officer .
`` The report is riddled with factual inaccuracies and presents a false story which is concocted and mischievous , '' External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Raveesh Kumar said in response to a query .
`` The story relies considerably on the tutored videos of Jadhav released by the Pakistan government and furthers its propaganda .
`` This places a big question mark on the credibility of this story and the intended purpose , '' he added .
Raveesh Kumar reiterated that the facts on Jadhav `` remain what we have released in our previous statements '' .
`` Jadhav is a retired Indian naval officer , who was engaged in a business in Iran , and was kidnapped in Iran and produced in Pakistan , '' he said . `` We are fighting his case at the ICJ ( International Court of Justice at The Hague ) . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street is getting ready for a wedding this week as Mary Taylor and Norris Cole prepare to tie the knot .
As Mary 's son Jude Appleton arrives on the cobbles with his wife Angie and their baby , Mary can barely contain her excitement for the family reunion .
Despite Mary 's joy , Norris reckons they should abandon the whole marriage charade but Mary wo n't hear of it , pointing out how disappointed Jude would be .
As Jude walks his mum Mary down the aisle , he tells her how he 's thinking of tracing his father 's family - and Mary does her best to disguise her shock .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Later , Mary explains to Angie how she was raped as a teenager by Jude 's father - who was a family friend .
But , none of them notices Jude who overhears every word .
It 's Norris who assures Jude that Mary was only trying to protect him from the awful truth but will he manage to get through to him ?
( Image : ITV )
Earlier this year , Corrie fans called for the pair to actually get together after the New Year 's Day episode .
After being reunited with her long lost son Jude at Christmas , Mary looked all set to be leaving the cobbles for South Africa .
But fans of the ITV soap were overjoyed as Patti Clare 's character decided to stay .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
In heartwarming scenes , Mary ran back to Norris ' house , frantically knocking on the door , and declared she could n't leave any of her friends behind .
Sobbing , she said : “ I could n't go through with it .
“ This is my home . Everyone I love is here . How could I leave ? ”
The pair then hugged tightly , and Corrie viewers demanded the two embark on a relationship due to the heartwarming scenes .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
One said : “ Norris & Mary need to get together ! ! ! ! # Corrie # CoronationStreet . ”
Another added : “ Aww man Mary & Nozza are cute AF are n't they ? ! # Mary # Noris # CoronationStreet . ”
A third agreed : `` Finally happy ending for Mary and Norris ! ! thank you # corrie # coronationstreet . ''
* Coronation Street continues on ITV tonight at 7.30pm .
BEDFORD COUNTY , Va. - Authorities arrested two people early Wednesday morning after a high-speed motorcycle chase ended in a crash .
About 1:10 a.m. , a Bedford County Sheriff 's deputy saw a motorcycle driving fast heading south on U.S. Route 221 .
The deputy said the motorcycle did n't stop at the red light at the intersection of Perrowville Road , so he activated his emergency equipment and attempted to stop the motorcycle .
The motorcycle kept driving . During a chase that the Bedford County Sheriff 's Office said lasted 89 miles , the motorcycle exceeded speeds of 90 mph and at one point , entered Lynchburg city limits .
At 2:20 a.m. , the motorcycle crashed on Greenwood Street in Bedford town limits , and the driver and passenger ran away before being arrested after a short search of the area , according to the Sheriff 's Office .
The motorcycle 's driver , Matthew Waltz , 29 , of Roseland , Virginia , was arrested and charged with felony eluding police , driving with a suspended license , not having a motorcycle license , improper registration of the motorcycle , no insurance , disregarding traffic signals and resisting arrest .
Waltz 's passenger , Alisha Carroll , 29 , of Forest , Virginia , was arrested and charged with resisting arrest .
Waltz and Carroll were transported to Bedford Memorial Hospital and were released after being medically cleared .
The Bedford County Sheriff 's Office was assisted in the pursuit by the Virginia State Police and Bedford Police Department .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
ASG Senate draws crowd objecting to Turning Point USA
Bella Rios
THE SANTA CLARA
February 9 , 2017
Last week , a conservative student group was denied official recognition from ASG senators after students voiced concern about its ties to a controversial national organization
The tension was palpable inside the Williman Room on Feb. 2 as student leaders and the campus community debated Turning Point USA ( TPUSA ) , a group that promotes small government and free market values . Four students sought approval from the Associated Student Government to start a TPUSA chapter on campus .
After a vigorous , and at times contentious , discussion about freedom of speech and Jesuit values , TPUSA was denied registered student organization ( RSO ) status in a vote of 16 to 10 .
According to Senate Chair Neil Datar , this means that the club can not request tabling space to promote their organization or obtain funding from the university . While the vote denied the club RSO status for winter quarter , they can re-apply during spring quarter .
Founded in 2012 , TPUSA promotes free-market , capitalist ideals , many of which are touted by the Republican and Libertarian parties . The organization 's motto is “ Big Government Sucks . ”
According to Matt Lamb , director of campus integrity for TPUSA , the group is opposed to Obamacare and government subsidies of energy companies , among other issues . Lamb added that instead , they support limited government , free speech , free markets and fiscal responsibility .
TPUSA dedicates itself to outreach on college campuses and promotes students to engage in political dialogue . There are around 350 chapters across the country and the Santa Clara branch began forming in November 2016 .
Milo Yiannopoulos , a controversial conservative author and commentator , has publicly endorsed TPUSA . Yiannopoulos has been accused of racism , anti-Semitism and sexism and was banned from Twitter for harassing actor and comedian Leslie Jones .
Several TPUSA chapters across the country have invited Yiannopoulos to speak at their college campuses , including Colorado University , Boulder and Miami University . The national organization 's president , Charlie Kirk , has written for Breitbart News .
The organization is most infamous for creating a professor watchlist , which according to the organization 's website , is a directory of college professors who “ discriminate against conservative students and advance leftist propaganda in the classroom . ”
The students seeking to start a TPUSA chapter at Santa Clara—Caleb Alleva , Thayne Kollmorgen , Sarah Yerga and Spencer McLaughlin—said that a Santa Clara chapter would focus solely on fiscal conservatism and non-partisan dialogue . They also said they wanted to instill pride in American exceptionalism from an economic perspective .
However , the students were met with opposition from others concerned about the national organization 's professor watch-list and ties to Yiannopoulos .
Student Jon Tuttle questioned why the students wanted to create a TPUSA chapter if they also disassociated themselves from the organization 's controversies .
“ It sounds like you guys want to distance yourself from the national organization , saying you 're not going to invite Milo Yiannopolus to talk here , ” Tuttle said . “ But while the national organization has publicly endorsed him repeatedly . ”
Kollmorgen , who recently gained notoriety for replying all to a university email addressing Santa Clara 's disapproval of president 's immigration order , responded .
“ TPUSA has a vast amount of resources . They have an extended donor network which already has pamphlets and educational resources already made , ” Kollmorgen said . “ So choosing to go at it alone could have been a viable option . However , given that we already have a ton of legwork done for us already , it 's just more viable . It 's more efficient . ”
Isaac Nieblas , director of the Multicultural Center , made an impassioned plea at the meeting for student senators to consider that the organization was contradictory to Santa Clara 's Jesuit values .
“ This organization , nationally , and here on this campus , is against our ideals as a university of Jesuit philosophy and more than anything is against our humanity , ” Nieblas said . “ This is not right , this is not what we stand for as a whole university and its against our humanity as students and Broncos . ”
Concern Over Watchlist
Other students at the meeting questioned whether the Santa Clara chapter would endorse the professor watch-list .
“ I 'm just confused about how this club is about free speech if they have a literal list of professors who they do n't agree with , ” said senior Yesenia Veamatahau . “ The list seems contradictory . ”
In response to student criticism of TPUSA , ASG Senator Ahmer Israr categorized these objections as politically biased .
“ It 's clear that they have a place at Jesuit institutions . This is politically motivated dissent . Just because someone does n't agree with you , does n't mean they should n't have a right to speak , ” Israr said . “ There are socialist alternative t-shirts in the audience . We believe in your right to speak . You should believe in our right to speak . ”
Student Jon Fortescue argued that the professor watch-list conflicts with Jesuit values because it targets professors who address social justice issues such as rape culture .
In defense of the list , Kollmorgen compared it to the popular website RateMyProfessor.com , and insisted it would be used solely to inform other students about professors with “ radical ” ideas and “ extreme views that support dictatorship . ”
“ Rate ( My Professor ) is in an academic context . We 'll be using the ( professor watchlist ) in a ‘ you 're silencing our speech context , ' ” Kollmorgen said . “ Again , it 's not to demonize or make people get fired . It 's to make people aware . ”
Israr condemned opposition to TPUSA as an infringement on free speech and argued that vetoing a local chapter exceeded the role of ASG Senate .
“ This is a Senate , not a censor board . Our job is to look at whether they 've filled their documentation and whether there 's a need for them as an RSO not whether or not we agree with the national organization 's purpose , ” Israr said . “ As per the U.S. Constitution , the state of California and the UN Declaration ( of ) Human Rights , they have a right to free speech and we have to respect that. ” ASG Senator David Warne echoed Israr 's sentiment and urged other senators to put their personal beliefs aside during the vote .
“ It does n't make a difference whether you agree with the national organization , ” Warne said . “ We should support free speech . Free speech is a right in the United States for a reason . Smart men came up with the Constitution . ”
In response to Warne , someone in the crowd shouted , “ smart white men ! ”
“ That 's a racist comment , ” Warne said , rebuking the audience member .
Economic Versus Social Issues
Deliberation continued over whether or not the club was really solely committed to economic issues rather than social ones .
“ I think what makes this interesting is that it 's a fiscal club but if it was n't socially motivated at all , we would n't have this many people here , ” said ASG Senator Austin Gray .
Senator Mac McOsker encouraged the students wanting to start the TPUSA chapter to instead form a fiscally conservative group , such as a free trade club , rather than associate with the controversial social aspects of TPUSA .
Alaina Boyle , student director of Santa Clara Community Action Program ( SCAAP ) said that social and economic issues are interconnected , making it difficult to approve TPUSA exclusively based on the economic policies they promote .
“ I find it alarming that there 's a separation between the economic and the social , ” Boyle said . “ I 'm afraid that if we approve it solely as an economic club , it would turn into being ( social-issue based ) . Given the proof of the national organization , we have no proof that that 's not going to happen here . ”
Several students argued that a local TPUSA chapter could not remain politically unaffiliated due to Kollmorgen 's campus-wide email that refuted President Michael Engh , S.J . 's criticism of the executive travel ban on Muslim-majority countries .
Kollmorgen defended his email , saying that it reflected his personal views , rather than TPUSA 's ideology . Israr also defended Kollmorgen and expressed confusion about the widespread disapproval of the email .
“ I 'm Muslim myself and their statement is not racist or derogatory in any way . Their statement was one of political value , ” Israr said . “ They should be allowed to make any statements they want as a person individual . It was n't offensive to me as a Muslim so why is it to you ? ”
One unidentified student , who said she was Muslim , condemned Israr for speaking on behalf of all Muslims .
ASG Senator Sam Pérez said she found redundancy in TPUSA 's purpose because it overlapped with those of the College Republicans , Young Americans for Liberty and the College Democrats .
“ This is not a party-affiliated club , ” Alleva responded in an attempt to differentiate TPUSA from the other organizations . “ We 're just here to talk about ideas without people shilling for a political party or for someone running for office . ”
During the public forum , Leo Magaña noted that the TPUSA website already lists Santa Clara as an official chapter . ASG Senator Ye Chit Ko expressed disapproval of the breach in protocol , because the group had not been approved as an official RSO on campus .
“ Just because there are students on campus that share values that agree with ( TPUSA ) , they do not have the right to put our Santa Clara name on the chapter directory , ” Chit Ko said . “ That has to be confirmed by the student senate and the university to begin a chapter . ”
Once again , a TPUSA representative responded .
“ We 're not going to silence anyone . Anyone who wants to be a chapter , we 're going to let them go ahead and put on the professor watch-list , ” Correia said . “ That list was made because professors silenced conservative students and because we 're advocates of free speech . ”
Veamatahau asked about why TPUSA needed RSO status , since the group receives support from the national organization .
“ You mentioned several times that ( TPUSA ) is so well-funded and well-resourced , ” Veamatahau said . “ Why do you need to stretch the already thin resources for RSO 's by having it approved as an RSO ? ”
Kollmorgen responded that as an RSO , TPUSA would have access to university facilities .
Pérez said that by not approving TPUSA , free speech is not being violated , adding that a new club based in fiscal conservatism could be created .
She recognized the frustrations of those who opposed the club and recommended listening to their concerns . On the contrary , Israr told his fellow senators to recognize that conservative students are a minority group on campus who feel unable to openly voice their opinions .
“ We 're talking a lot about safety that people feel , ” Israr said . “ But also consider that conservative students are also a minority group on campus and they do n't feel safe expressing themselves in class . ”
After initially delaying voting to next week , senators ultimately decided to vote on TPUSA 's approval that night . While TPUSA did not gain official RSO status that night , three others did . The SCU Distance Club , the Society of Physics Students and the Slam Poets of SCU were granted RSO status .
“ Overall I 'm really proud of our Senate for how they approached a difficult topic and came to an informed decision , ” said Senate Chair Neil Datar . “ This should not be seen as the end of a conversation but the beginning of a respectful and productive discussion . ”
The Aftermath
In an interview with The Santa Clara , Alleva said that the student opposition to the club was incredibly surprising to him . He said he thinks that there is no reason for students to be afraid of the organization , and that it is not white supremacist in any way .
Nieblas said he thinks it is alarming and dangerous that the club wants to focus on economic issues while pushing aside social issues . He said that ignoring the way that social issues impact economic issues is where the identities of people of color are dismissed .
“ That is dangerous because these are issues that are inherently tied together , and if you are n't willing to speak about our own identities that are oppressed through racialization , that 's dangerous , ” Nieblas said .
Nieblas added that TPUSA 's professor watch-list is proof that the organization does n't embody Jesuit values , since it includes professors who are # BlackLivesMatter supporters and professors who fight for the rights of marginalized groups .
Alleva said he thinks that not approving the club was an “ erosion of free speech ” and a blow to to “ diversity of opinion . ”
“ I 'm not saying they were against us because we are conservative , but we are the minority ideology on campus , ” Alleva said .
After hearing Nieblas speak at the meeting , Alleva said it seemed to him like Nieblas was saying that Alleva himself was personally opposed to Santa Clara 's ideals .
“ It was almost a personal attack that the director of the MCC said this club we are trying to start was against everything that Santa Clara University stood for , ” Alleva said .
In an email , Datar said that the student senate is a democratically elected group , and he believes the senate made an informed decision after hearing “ input from a diverse range of constituents . Datar added that the final decision resulted from a “ rigorous , fair and democratic process . ”
Students from Turning Point USA are currently appealing the student senate 's decision through the ASG 's judicial branch .
Contact Bella Rios at irios @ scu.edu or call ( 408 ) 554-4849 . Editor-in-Chief Sophie Mattson contributed to this report .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A mum is furious at being kicked off a plane shortly after being 'asked to stop breastfeeding her baby son ' .
Mei Rui , a cancer researcher , was forced to leave the aircraft after flight attendants told her to stop feeding her two-year-old and put him in his seat , she said .
The mum from Houston , Texas , was flying with Spirit Airlines to New York to conduct research in the city when she was told to get off the plane , along with her elderly parents .
Footage recorded from her phone shows her baby son crying because she stopped breastfeeding him .
Ms Rui told the Washington Post that she was breastfeeding while the plane 's doors were still open and people were moving around the cabin .
( Image : KHOU )
Then one cabin crew member approached her and said her baby had to be in his seat for takeoff .
She told the newspaper : `` I asked for just a couple more minutes to finish because if he woke up at that point he would have made a lot of noise .
`` I said , ‘ I promise I 'll finish before you close the plane 's door . ' ''
The attendants conferred amongst themselves and Ms Rui stopped feeding her son , but he began to cry .
Then the crew told her to get off the plane .
She recorded the moment she asked them why they were telling her to leave , but no one gave her an answer .
The accomplished pianist said she was told she was not `` complying with the rules '' but they refused to tell her what rule she had broken .
( Image : Mei Rui/Facebook )
In another video , she asks a member of staff : “ If this happened to your family , what would you do ? ”
To which he replies : “ This would NEVER happen to my family , I assure you ! ''
Ms Rui said afterwards : `` It was humiliating to be chased off a plane in front of hundreds of people .
`` We had never been through anything close to this .
`` You just do n't have to treat people that way . ''
She also wrote on her Facebook page : `` I am terribly sorry for the trouble and inconvenience this has caused to all other passengers on the plane .
`` We tried everything I could to stop my poor baby from crying and disturbing the other passengers , but he was jolted awake a 5th time because of the 3 hour delay that resulted in unboarding/reboarding , lots of loud announcements .
`` He completely lost it , but crying is not a criminal offense [ sic ] , especially since if you let me do my job as his mother , nobody on the airplane would have even noticed his presence ! ''
Another passenger who witnessed the incident , Holly Barton , said : `` Absolutely DISGUSTED with how this woman was treated on my flight this morning leaving IAH .
( Image : Mei Rui/Facebook )
`` After a 3.5-hour DELAY where we were stuck on a plane for a majority of the time ( and had to get off and re-board ) this woman 's child started to cry and not want to sit in his seat .
`` Flight attendants were so rude to her and tried to kick her off , even though the plane was n't moving or even about to move .
`` After the woman refused to get off , they made everyone get off the plane for a SECOND time only to not allow this woman to get back on .
`` Does Spirit not understand that 2 year olds can not sit still in a seat belt for 3+ hours ? He was well behaved for the first two hours , but does that not count ? Was calling the police necessary ? ''
Spirit said in a statement : `` Our records indicate a passenger was removed from Flight 712 after refusing to comply with crew instructions several times during taxi to runway and safety briefing .
`` To protect the safety of our guests and crew , FAA regulations and airline policies require all passengers to stay seated and buckled during takeoff and landing .
`` We apologize for any inconvenience to our guests . As a courtesy , we 've issued a full refund to the passenger in question . ''
Charleston Beer Exchange joshl725 is right they are rude . Michael Johnson22
Baroni 's New York Pizza Baroni 's New York Pizza is one of my two favorite pizzas in the Charleston area… Glynda McAleer
Blossom & Stems Florist & Greenhouse The worst customer service I have experienced in a long time . Guess thats what I… Courtney Barfield
Pence 's Liquor and Wine I actually appreciate this guy . He 's voluntarily enforcing parking . We 'd have to pay a bureaucrat… Neo Marcist
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena , Calif. , Jan. 2 , 2017 . The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade . The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force . ( U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.02.2017 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 15:11 Photo ID : 3083229 VIRIN : 170102-F-LI975-0046 Resolution : 3000x2400 Size : 1.17 MB Location : US Web Views : 7 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [ Image 1 of 12 ] , by Louis Briscese , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Where did former Eagle sign ? LeGarrette Blount lands in Detroit ; Vinny Curry in Tampa Bay
Where did former Eagle sign ? LeGarrette Blount lands in Detroit ; Vinny Curry in Tampa Bay Mar 19
Zach Berman covers the Eagles . He also appears regularly on Comcast SportsNet . He previously wrote for the Washington Post and Newark Star-Ledger , and was a contributor for the New York Times .
The Eagles watched six players from the 2017 roster sign elsewhere . Nine are still on the open market . Here 's an update :
Signed elsewhere
LeGarrette Blount , RB : The Eagles ' leading rusher landed with the Detroit Lions on a one-year , $ 4.5-million contract . Blount had a strong season with the Eagles and the league noticed — he lasted two months on the open market last offseason and two days this offseason . Blount will likely have a notable role for the Lions , who are coached by former New England Patriots defensive coordinator Matt Patricia . Patricia knows Blount from their time in New England .
The Eagles have Jay Ajayi and Corey Clement atop their running-back depth chart . Look for them to also draft a running back . The Eagles are bullish on this running-back draft class .
Vinny Curry , DE : Curry signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Saturday , landing a three-year , $ 27 million deal one day after the Eagles released him . That shows how much Curry was valued in the NFL . The Eagles moved on from him to save money , but Curry landed in a defense in which he 'll start and play a key role .
Derek Barnett is likely to step into a starting job and veteran Michael Bennett will also factor into the defensive-end rotation after coming in a trade from Seattle .
Poll Which free agent who has signed elsewhere will the Eagles miss the most ? Beau Allen
LeGarrette Blount
Trey Burton
Vinny Curry
Patrick Robinson Vote Results
Beau Allen , DT : Allen will remain teammates with Curry because Allen signed a three-year , $ 15 million deal in Tampa Bay when free agency opened last week . Allen should have a chance to start next to Gerald McCoy . He received a bigger deal than the Eagles would likely spend on a third defensive tackle .
The Eagles signed veteran Haloti Ngata to replace Allen .
Trey Burton , TE : Burton was a priority signing by the Chicago Bears , who gave him a four-year , $ 32 million contract to be their starting tight end . Burton had a situational role for the Eagles , but he 'll have big responsibilities in trying to jump-start the Bears offense .
The Eagles lost Burton and Brent Celek this offseason , so they 'll need to reshape their tight-end depth chart . They will look hard in the draft , where they have n't selected a tight end since 2013 , although they could also go value shopping for a veteran .
Patrick Robinson , CB : The Eagles could not keep Robinson , who turned a one-year deal with the Eagles into a four-year , $ 20 million contract in New Orleans . He has spent the past three years on one-year contracts , so Robinson finally earned the long-term deal he wanted .
The Eagles have depth at cornerback , yet those corners are unproven in the slot . The Eagles will spend the offseason trying to determine which cornerback can replace Robinson . It might be Jalen Mills , who could play outside in the base defense and inside in the nickel .
Caleb Sturgis , K : Sturgis ' 2017 season ended with a Week 1 injury , but his impressive 2016 season with the Eagles was enough to land him a two-year deal with the Los Angeles Chargers .
Sturgis was expendable because Jake Elliott had earned the Eagles ' kicker job after replacing Sturgis in Week 2 .
Still free agents
Brent Celek , TE : The Eagles released Celek after 11 seasons to save $ 4 million in salary-cap space . Celek said he wants to continue playing , and the 33-year old appears to be searching for an opportunity .
Darren Sproles , RB : Sproles is coming off a torn ACL and will be 35 next seasons . He has been one of the NFL 's most versatile players since entering the league and does n't want his career to end on IR . Sproles lives in Southern California and could seek a job closer to his offseason home . The Eagles could do worse than bringing him back , although Clement appears in line for the third-down responsibilities .
Corey Graham , S : The Eagles did n't sign Graham until August . He played well as the Eagles ' third safety , but they could look for a younger option in 2018 . If they strike out finding one , Graham knows the defense .
Najee Goode , LB : Goode played on a one-year deal last season and has been with the Eagles since 2013 . The team knows him and he has helped on special teams , but the addition of Corey Nelson last week might have pushed Goode out of a roster spot .
Kenjon Barner , RB : The Eagles did n't bring Barner back in free agency last offseason and added him after Sproles went down during the season . The Eagles will likely look to add a returner in the draft .
Dannell Ellerbe , LB : Ellerbe signed as a veteran middle linebacker after Jordan Hicks ' injury . With Hicks back in 2018 , Ellerbe likely wo n't be .
Bryan Braman , LB : Braman was an in-season special-teams replacement for Chris Maragos . Similar to Barner , the Eagles did n't keep Braman last offseason . They want to focus on special teams , but they could look elsewhere to do so .
Will Beatty , T : Beatty earned a Super Bowl ring , but that will likely be the end of his Eagles career . Jason Peters will take back his roster spot , and the Eagles could add a tackle in the draft .
Jaylen Watkins , DB : It was not surprising that the Eagles did n't tender Watkins as a restricted free agent . Watkins can look elsewhere , and the Eagles can always leave open the possibility of bringing him back on a team-friendly deal .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
The former nurse charged in the deaths of eight long-term care patients made a brief court appearance in Woodstock .
Elizabeth Wettlaufer , 49 , appeared by video link from the Vanier Centre for Women in Milton .
It was the first time she 's been in court since additional four charges of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault were laid against her last month .
She is due back in court March 3 , court heard Wednesday .
The bodies of two of Wettlaufer 's alleged victims , including that of Londoner Arpad Horvath Sr. , were exhumed in January .
Wettlaufer faces eight murder charges , four attempted murder charges and two charges of aggravated assault .
More later at LFPress.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England beat Colombia on penalties to progress to the quarter-final of the World Cup in the most dramatic fashion on Tuesday .
After leading the South American nation for the best-part of the second half , England conceded in the dying embers of the last-16 clash , and extra-time and penalties were needed to separate the two sides .
Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford dispatched their spot-kicks before Jordan Henderson missed his .
But misses from Colombia duo Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca , either side of Kieran Trippier hitting the back of the net , left Eric Dier with the job of putting the tie to bed - and he made no mistake .
( Image : Anadolu )
Upon hitting the back of the net , the England team sprinted to celebrate with him and Jordan Pickford - who kept out Bacca 's penalty .
However , Kyle Walker was missing from the celebrations .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The Manchester City defender dropped to the ground as England won the match , and not just because he was overcome with elation .
Towards the end of extra time , Walker could be seen struggling with his leg .
( Image : REUTERS )
It 's not yet clear whether the former Tottenham star has damaged his calf or whether he was just suffering with cramp .
But he took to social media after the game to acknowledge the fact he was n't a part of the celebrations with a rather humorous tweet .
( Image : REUTERS )
Alongside a picture of the squad cheering , he wrote : `` Dad , can you show me that photo of you guys running after reaching the quarter final ? - Nah son . ''
Boss Gareth Southgate heaped praise on the team after the match , saying : `` I am so pleased for everybody involved .
`` We deserved to win and we played really well in a big game under pressure .
`` It could n't have been a crueler blow on the final whistle , but we kept our discipline under extreme provocation and we kept our shape . If you could choose a way to win , that would be it , but you would n't choose the process . ''
If you find yourself constantly running out of data , then Etisalat 's new yearly data allowances might be for you .
Etisalat today introduced ‘ Annual Add-Ons ' , data packs that allow customers to load up on large yearly data allowances on twelve-month installments starting as low as AED 100 per month .
These add-ons are valid for one year from date of subscription and open only to postpaid users . There are four plans on offer starting from 100GB data for AED 100 per month going up to 1TB data for AED 1000 per month .
You can also opt for a combo plan that includes 50GB data plus 2000 flexi ( local and/or international ) minutes for AED 100 per month .
Subscriptions are available to postpaid users through My Etisalat app or Etisalat stores across the country . You 'll either have to pay one month rental in advance or sign up for auto-pay .
Microsoft has announced that the Xbox One will get 120Hz-display refresh-rate support in a software update for the consoles . Support for higher refresh rates opens the door for smoother gameplay , both in terms of performance and input responsiveness .
In a news post on the Xbox website , Microsoft briefly described the 120Hz feature , along with several other updates , and said they are coming this May . Other coming changes include the ability to group games and apps in new ways for easier browsing of your library , an improved interface for managing family account permissions for parents , a slight overhaul of button commands in the Xbox interface , the ability to trim game capture clips directly from the Guide interface , and improvements to the Xbox Accessories app .
Earlier this year , Microsoft added support for AMD FreeSync 2 to the Xbox One S and Xbox One X. FreeSync is a variable refresh rate ( VRR ) technology that reduces distracting screen tearing on many displays without impacting game performance . FreeSync , along with 1440p resolution support that was added in the same update ( and now 120Hz support ) , all expand the Xbox One S and Xbox One X 's compatibility with computer monitors . Microsoft is positioning the Xbox One as an alternative to a gaming desktop , even if your preferred setup is in the home office rather than the living room . That said , many TVs also support 120Hz .
Let 's manage some expectations here , though : you wo n't be able to play 4K games at 120fps in the upcoming 120Hz update , because the HDMI 2.0 standard used in the Xbox One S and Xbox One X is n't capable of that . That wo n't be possible until HDMI 2.1 , which likely wo n't be available in consumer TVs or future Xbox models until next year . For now , the Xbox One S and Xbox One X will only support 120Hz at 1080p and 1440p resolutions .
Microsoft 's news post does n't clarify whether 120Hz support will come to all Xbox One models or just some , but we 'll be surprised if we see it in the original Xbox One ( that is , the one that precedes the more recent S or X models ) , because the original Xbox One uses HDMI 1.4a , which is even more limiting than 2.0 .
It 's also important to note that , while the console itself will support 120Hz , the games wo n't necessarily support it . There are benefits to running a game at 60fps on a 120Hz monitor , but game developers will have to update their games to offer 120fps modes to take full advantage of the technology . In most cases , the standard Xbox One and Xbox One S wo n't be able to hit that target , but the Xbox One X could manage that at 1080p and 1440p for many games , should developers choose to support it .
Thanks to WIDL , Swenski
To the editor :
A big thank you to the staff at the West Iron County Library and especially Stephanie Swenski , children 's program coordinator ....
-s-Deb Divoky
IC 4-H Program Coordinator
To view more , please log in or subscribe to the digital edition .
Hales was born in 1932 and grew up in Long Island in a Mormon family with a father who was an artist . As a high school baseball pitcher , he dreamed of playing in Major League Baseball . He never realized that dream , but he did get to throw out a first pitch at a Los Angeles Dodgers game in 2007 as part of Mormon Night at Dodgers Stadium .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When former Liverpool striker Michael Owen signed for Manchester United it took many by surprise .
But what really shocked Red Devils fans was when he also claimed the number seven shirt .
The jersey , which was previously worn by Cristiano Ronaldo , and legends such as David Beckham , Eric Cantona and George Best , holds a special significance at Old Trafford .
Alex Ferguson also understood its significance and took special care when handing the number out to one his players .
Owen explains this in a recent interview with JOE , he recalled : `` Sir Alex called myself and Michael Carrick into his office .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Getty )
`` He says , 'The No.7 , Michael , I want you to wear it . I think you can handle the pressure and all that comes with it ' .
`` He then nods at Carrick and says , 'If you do n't want it , Michael you can have it ' .
`` He looks at me and says , 'Do you want it ? ' . 'Absolutely ' , I replied . ''
Greetings , Arsians ! Courtesy of our friends at TechBargains , we have another round of deals to share . Today 's list is led by a deal on a latest-generation model of Apple 's MacBook Pro , sans Touch Bar : its variant with 256GB of storage is down to $ 1,235 . That 's a high price for a laptop that 's almost a year old , but c'est la Apple—this is still close to 20 % off its usual going rate .
While the Dealmaster fully understands that this MacBook Pro is n't the most welcoming device for , y'know , professionals , it still packs an excellent display , a smooth trackpad , a decent-enough processor for most everyday tasks , and at least a couple of Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports . The Touch Bar is n't really a must-have , either , and you wo n't have to worry about weird battery issues . You still ca n't expect it to power you through graphics-heavy work , but at the end of the day , some people will only settle for an Apple laptop regardless of its flaws . If that 's you , this is a solid discount . Just keep in mind that new models will likely arrive in the coming months .
If you 're not hitched to the Apple wagon , though , we also have deals on various Dell PCs and monitors , Samsung SSDs , 4K TVs , and more . Take a look for yourself below .
Note : Ars Technica may earn compensation for sales from links on this post through affiliate programs .
Featured Deals
Laptop & Desktop Computers
More Laptops & Desktop PC Deals here .
HDTVs & Home Entertainment
More TV Deals here .
Electronics & Components
More Electronics & Tech Deals here .
Tools & Home Improvement , Kitchen Gadgets , and more
For more great deals , go to TechBargains .
Listing image by TechBargains
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Actress Claire King has vowed to grow old disgracefully and will never have plastic surgery again .
Five years ago , the former Emmerdale star decided to undergo a mini facelift after work dried up and she felt like she was competing at auditions against other actors who had gone under the knife .
Her confidence was already at rock bottom following the ­breakdown of her marriage to her former Emmerdale co-star Peter Amory – and a sudden lack of work left her confidence in tatters .
But the single-stitch facelift procedure gave her the boost she needed and she soon landed the role of Erica in Coronation Street .
Now with her career flying high again , Claire , 55 , says she is finally comfortable in her own skin and does n't feel the need for surgery .
Instead she is concentrating on looking after herself and treating herself every so often to non-surgical treatments for a youthful glow without erasing her wrinkles .
( Image : Getty )
“ I had invasive surgery . It was temporary and it did the job at the time , but it 's not the thing for me , ” she explains .
“ I 've got rheumatoid arthritis so I have a low immune system . I ca n't risk it again . ”
After years being known as Emmerdale 's uber-glam super-bitch Kim Tate , the fact those roles were no longer open to her as she grew older knocked her confidence .
“ I was going to castings and meeting old friends with new faces . I had low confidence , I 'd been through a bad time .
Surgery was good for getting me through that transition period .
“ Once you get into your 40s you feel a bit lost . There are good parts for a certain few , but it is always the same faces . So I thought am I going from the hotpot in my youth to Driving Miss Daisy ? There was no in-between . ”
But five years on she is in a new ­relationship and priorities have changed . She prefers a quiet life and also cares for her elderly parents .
“ I spend more time in hospitals than I do at parties , ” she laughs .
“ I 've got a chap who does n't give a damn about the celeb side of things , so it keeps you grounded . ”
But that does n't mean Claire does n't want to look her best .
She has now opted for a revolutionary non-surgical treatment called Innopen .
Used with CALECIM Stem Cell Serum , it is a small pen device which uses tiny micro needles to encourage collagen and elastin production to rejuvenate and repair skin , making it plumper , tighter and softening lines and sun damage .
“ Now I look after my skin and body and I try to treat it with a bit more respect , ” Claire says .
“ The other problem I 've got is because of the size of my boobs I do n't like wearing polo necks so I 've got sun damage on my chest . It started looking like a dried-up river bed . So someone suggested this pen ­treatment and it 's fantastic .
“ It gets rid of any old scarring you have and tightens everything up a bit .
“ It 's not painful because they put an anaesthetic cream on and you do n't really feel anything . ”
( Image : ITV )
The treatment leaves the skin red for a few days – like mild sunburn – but once that subsides the results are just what Claire wanted .
“ It softens the lines , plumps everything up . As an actress I do n't want to use Botox as it can make you look a bit odd if not administered in the right hands . Then people ca n't tell if you are happy or sad , ” she says .
“ I 'm happy growing old ­disgracefully , but I just want to look fresh . I 'm helping nature along a bit without going under the knife .
“ The older you get the more you realise the things important to you are different to those in your 20s and 30s – like your quality of life . ”
Claire had Innopen treatment at the Harley Street Clinic .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
0 Keyless ignitions may be contributing to deaths across the United States
Constance Petot did n't think twice about the push button starter on her car until it almost killed her and her toddler last Valentine 's Day .
> > Read more trending news
`` He just went completely limp in my arms . It 's the most terrifying moment in my entire life , '' said Petot .
The busy mom was ending her work day with a conference call as she was pulling into the garage of her parents ' Florida home , where she was staying .
`` As I came in I wanted the garage door to be closed when the conference call started so I went ahead and pushed the button to close the door , '' Petot said . `` And I think in my head I just told myself I had pushed this button instead of that button . ''
The mistake sent carbon monoxide , an odorless , colorless gas , flooding through their home as she got 13-month-old Parker ready for bed .
The car was still on after Petot left the garage .
`` My son woke up around 12:30 a.m. and was screaming , '' Petot recalls .
She got out of bed to pick him up .
Petot thinks her son , Parker , may have had a headache because she now knows the level of carbon monoxide at the time was high enough to have killed them within about 20 minutes .
`` Once I got dizzy , I knew I needed to get out of there , '' Petot said . `` And walked down the stairs , opened the garage door and saw that the taillight was on . ''
A WSB-TV investigation has tracked more than two dozen injuries and deaths around the country connected to cars with keyless ignitions being left on , with families left wondering how this could happen .
Cars with keyless ignition have no key and are designed to start with the push of a button . But it is also easier to forget to turn off the car .
The family of Bill Thomason and Eugenia ( Woo ) Thomason say the couple likely never realized their mistake . Their Toyota Avalon ran inside their closed garage for 32 hours as they slept .
`` We know that they went to bed that night and did n't wake up the next morning , '' said Will Thomason , who now lives in Atlanta .
His brother Dave Thomason also lives in the metro area , and they both rushed to Greenville , South Carolina , to get to their parents , but it was too late .
`` By the time they were found they were essentially brain dead , '' said Will Thomason . `` You ca n't prepare for something like this . ''
The sons say the active retirees had just renewed their wedding vows after 50 years and adored their five grandchildren , who they wo n't get to see grow up .
`` Oh , it 's been just absolutely terrible , '' said Dave Thomason . `` We all know that people can get killed in car accidents due to different things , but a car sitting alone , basically doing nothing but running ? ''
The brothers said their pain is worsened by the number of times they 've now heard the same story , with reported deaths and injuries connected to running cars around the country .
The Thomason family has filed a lawsuit against Toyota , which has already settled with several of the other families .
`` Hell yeah , that makes me angry . I mean , we 've lost our parents , '' said Will Thomason .
`` Nobody is in the car , it 's been running for however long . The car should have an automatic cutoff . I mean , to me that 's a very easy fix , '' said Dave Thomason .
Records show since 2011 the federal government has been studying the need for an external alert to be placed on cars that have button ignitions , but has yet to require car companies to do anything to include an external alert .
`` There 's probably 25 other things that carmakers do ... for safety . Well , this is a life and death safety thing and it seems to me that this is an easy thing for them to address , and they are n't addressing it , '' Will Thomason said .
WSB-TV tested more than a dozen of the most popular cars to see what happens when you leave them running and walk away with the key fob .
Most of the cars had a dashboard display that notes that the key fob has left the vehicle . Some even emit a low interior sound , similar to the one that reminds drivers to fasten their seat belts .
However , if a driver has left the vehicle , he or she would n't see that display or hear that warning . Very few of the cars made an exterior noise .
The loudest warning came from the Chevy Impala , which utilizes the car 's horn .
Petot did n't hear the three low beeps her car made and she 's lived with the guilt ever since .
`` I absolutely take responsibility for what happened , '' she said . `` And I think that it could happen to anybody . ''
But she said the price for being distracted or forgetful should not be death .
`` We were incredibly lucky . We absolutely would n't be here , '' Petot said while watching Parker play in their new Marietta home . `` He is definitely my little hero Valentine . ''
Petot said the day they moved in to their new home she purchased carbon monoxide detectors for each of the rooms .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Arsenal and Manchester City defender Bacary Sagna has joined Serie A 's bottom team , Benevento , for the rest of the season .
Sagna , who won 65 caps for France , has been without a club since leaving Manchester City last summer .
The deal for the 34-year-old Frenchman was announced on Saturday , and includes an option for a further year .
A statement on Benevento 's club website read : `` This morning , at the Caravaggio Sporting Village in Naples , an agreement was reached between Benevento Calcio and footballer Bacary Sagna .
( Image : Twitter/bncalcio )
( Image : Daily Record )
`` In the presence of president Oreste Vigorito , the French defender of Senegalese origins signed a contract that binds him to the Giallorossi club until June 30 .
`` The deal includes the option for the extension until June 30 , 2019 .
`` Bacary Sagna will be available to coach Roberto De Zerbi from next week . ''
( Image : Getty Images )
Benevento props up the rest of the table in Serie A , having collected just seven points from their first 22 games .
The newly-promoted side made the worst start to a Serie A season in history when they went the first 14 games without a win .
Goalkeeper Alberto Brignoli made headlines when he joined the attack for an iniury-time free-kick against AC Milan , and scored to earn his side their first point of the season in dramatic fashion .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Do you fancy becoming a millionaire ? Well , this could be your lucky week .
There 's a huge jackpot up for grabs in Tuesday 's EuroMillions draw .
Read on below for details of the draw , jackpot , and how much money you get if you match just three numbers .
Want to read about what people have done with all their winnings ? There are plenty of stories on our lottery winners page to give you inspiration .
Tonight 's EuroMillions results
Tonight 's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are : 28 , 44 , 30 , 23 , 20 and the Lucky Stars are : 03 , 07 .
The Millionaire Maker Selections are : ZHFD80686 and JHDT54196 .
Tonight 's National Lottery Thunderball winning numbers are : 02 , 13 , 26 , 30 , 33 and the Thunderball is 03 .
What time is the EuroMillions draw ?
EuroMillions draws take place on Tuesday and Friday evenings from approximately 8.30pm .
You can watch them live on the National Lottery website , or check back here on Mirror Online for results after the draw .
Check the results from previous EuroMillions draws here .
What 's the EuroMillions jackpot tonight ?
Tonight 's estimated jackpot is a cool £xxmillion .
The maximum EuroMillions jackpot is €190million . It 's been won three times since the game started in 2004 , and a UK couple were the first to scoop the prize money , matching all five numbers and both Lucky Stars in August 2012 . They pocketed £148,656,000 . If the rollover hits the maximum and nobody has the winning numbers , the money is shared at the next prize level down .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What do you get for 3 numbers on EuroMillions ?
The estimated prize for three main numbers on the National Lottery website is £9 .
Euromillions prize breakdown
National Lottery have provided an estimated breakdown of prizes winners can expect depending on the numbers they match .
Have you matched some numbers ? Check the table below to see what you might win .
Match Estimated win 5 main numbers + 2 lucky stars Jackpot 5 main numbers + 1 lucky star £227,848.80 5 main numbers £23,586.00 4 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £2,307.30 4 main numbers + 1 lucky star £123.00 3 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £78.00 4 main numbers £43.30 2 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £14.20 3 main numbers + 1 lucky star £10.70 3 main numbers £9.00 1 main number + 2 lucky stars £7.60 2 main numbers + 1 lucky star £6.00 2 main numbers £3.30
What is Euromillions ?
The National Lottery draw launched in 2004 and nine countries across Europe take part .
To play , you simply select five numbers between 1 and 50 , plus two Lucky Star numbers from 1-12 .
If you really ca n't choose and you 're finding the pressure too much , you can always select a Lucky Dip and let the machine choose a random selection for you .
What time can you put the EuroMillions on until ?
Forgotten to buy your ticket and worried you 're running out of time ? Do n't panic .
Ticket sales for both Tuesday and Friday EuroMillions draws close at 7.30pm on the evening of the draw .
If you 've missed out , you can buy your ticket for the next draw almost straight away - sales re-open at 9pm .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Romelu Lukaku was allegedly the Manchester United player who launched a bottle at Manchester City coach Mikel Arteta , according to reports in Spain .
The shot caused a facial wound to the former Arsenal star in the post-match fracas at Old Trafford .
The Blues took the spoils on derby day to open up an 11-point lead over rivals United , though ugly scenes marred the victory afterwards .
According to Spanish outlet Cadena SER on the show 'El Larguero ' , the Belgian striker DID find the target at full-time , after missing from point blank to salvage a point for the Red Devils , launching a bottle in frustration that caught Arteta .
Jose Mourinho also asked City stars to tone down their celebrations and was allegedly showered in milk and water after a furious row with Blues goalkeeper Ederson , although this claim is refuted by City chiefs .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
A clutch of players and staff were then involved in an ugly bust-up , and City sources have confirmed to Mirror Football that former Everton and Arsenal midfielder Arteta suffered a cut above his eye , possibly from a bottle .
Sources who witnessed the altercation said there was a lot of shouting and a rush of people towards the door of the away dressing-room when the episode occurred , with staff from both sides involved .
United striker Romelu Lukaku was also said to be involved in the incident , along with goalkeeping coach Silvino Louro .
Up to 20 people became embroiled in the fracas which occurred in the narrow tunnel outside the away dressing-room .
A police officer is stationed outside the dressing-rooms on matchdays and it is understood police and stewards intervened to break up the melee .
The episode echoed the Battle of Buffet at Old Trafford back in 2004 , when Sir Alex Ferguson was pelted with pizza following United 's 2-0 win over Arsenal , which ended the Gunners ' 49-match unbeaten run .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
City 's win at Old Trafford meant they have extended their lead over their neighbours in the Premier League to 11 points , to leave the Red Devils ' title challenge in jeopardy .
David Silva opened the scoring for Pep Guardiola 's side in the 43rd minute , with Marcus Rashford pulling a goal back in first-half stoppage time .
Nicolas Otamendi poked home the winning goal nine minutes after the break to hand Guardiola another win over his managerial adversary .
With temperatures set to plummet well below zero degrees tonight the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice for the evening and tomorrow morning .
A spokesman for the Met Office said : `` Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning .
The warning from the Met Office
`` There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads , pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls .
`` Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area . This will lead to icy stretches , particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day , or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area . ''
The Met Office weather warning is in force between 4pm today , Monday , and 11am tomorrow , Tuesday December 12 .
RELATED : 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow and ice driving
The Carnival of Hope joined community members together Saturday in Gallipolis City Park as the Gallia Citizens for Prevention and Recovery encouraged fun over substance abuse . Roughly 500 individuals were present for the event according to prize ticket counts and food distribution . Free hotdogs were had , door prizes and bikes were given away to children all in the spirit of community togetherness and fighting against the opioid epidemic .
The Carnival of Hope joined community members together Saturday in Gallipolis City Park as the Gallia Citizens for Prevention and Recovery encouraged fun over substance abuse . Roughly 500 individuals were present for the event according to prize ticket counts and food distribution . Free hotdogs were had , door prizes and bikes were given away to children all in the spirit of community togetherness and fighting against the opioid epidemic . http : //www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/04/web1_IMG_2384.jpg The Carnival of Hope joined community members together Saturday in Gallipolis City Park as the Gallia Citizens for Prevention and Recovery encouraged fun over substance abuse . Roughly 500 individuals were present for the event according to prize ticket counts and food distribution . Free hotdogs were had , door prizes and bikes were given away to children all in the spirit of community togetherness and fighting against the opioid epidemic . Courtesy photo
GUILFORD , Conn. ( WTNH ) –For students at Guilford High , it was tough going to school today and not seeing their classmate 15-year-old Ethan Song .
“ It was really depressing but a lot of people were there for each other , ” Molly Tercuiak said .
They 're processing it . They 're grieving . And so they are thinking about their friend , they are asking adults questions . They 're hugging each other and being there for each other , ” said Superintendent of schools Guilford Paul Freeman .
Related : Guilford mourns high school freshman 's death from gunshot wound
Song was killed from a gunshot wound inside this house on Seaside Avenue Wednesday . Police say he was inside house at the time with another teen who has n't been identified .
“ It is just awful . I ca n't think if it were to happen to my little brothers like how I would feel and that 's how I relate to it , ” Imari Barnette said , .
Students said Song had a love for animals . Molly Tercuiak added , “ He liked helping animals and animal rights , and stuff . ”
Related : Police : 15-year-old dead from gunshot wound in Guilford
Grief counselors and therapy dogs are providing support to the students . Freeman said , ” The outpouring from this community and from surrounding towns School districts from around the state of Connecticut are offering condolences but are offering staff members as well . ”
Some students told News 8 it was too sad to go to school today .
“ I hated seeing it so I could n't go today because it was just too depressing , ” Molly Teruciak said .
People from all over state are reaching out to the Guilford school district .
“ You can spend a day like yesterday feeling enormously sad for what happened and yet enormously proud of those students , of the teachers in that building and of the community that we live in , ” said Freeman .
April 6 Beibu Gulf Tourism Corp Ltd :
* Says it jointly set up a tourism investment JV in Shandong , with a registered capital of 100 million yuan
* Says the company invested 60 million yuan in the JV , holding a 60 percent stake
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/IfPQUF
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An engineer who died at a euthanasia clinic following an acid attack said 'kill me now ' after seeing his reflection in a mirror , a court heard .
Mark Van Dongen 's face and much of his body was `` grotesquely scarred '' and he was left `` at the limits of tolerable pain '' after the attack allegedly carried out by his former partner , a jury was told .
A court heard he lost most of his eyesight and had to have the lower part of his left leg amputated .
When he saw himself in a hospital mirror Mr Dongen allegedly said : `` Kill me now , if this is what I am going to look like , I do n't want to live . ''
Berlinah Wallace , 48 , is charged with murdering Mr Van Dongen , 29 , by leaving him with such `` horrific and catastrophic injuries '' he asked for assistance in ending his life . Wallace denies murder .
Bristol Crown Court heard Wallace threw acid over Mr Van Dongen 's face and body in September 2015 and he died at the clinic in Belgium in January 2017 .
( Image : SWNS.com )
Adam Vaitilingam QC , prosecuting , told a jury the trial was `` not a typical murder case '' and said Wallace had intended to cause Mr Van Dongen `` really serious harm '' instead of killing him .
`` It was the inevitable consequence of what she did . It was exactly why she did it , to scar him for life , to make him less of a man and unable to have a relationship with another woman , '' he said .
`` She had , in just the past few days , looked online at images of acid attack victims , she knew what a sulphuric acid attack would do to him . ''
The court heard Dutch-born Mr Van Dongen and Wallace , from South Africa , began a relationship in 2010 and lived together in Westbury Park , Bristol .
In August 2015 , Mr Van Dongen began a relationship with another woman but was persuaded to give it `` another go '' with Wallace in September .
( Image : Copyright unknown )
Mr Vaitilingam said Mr Van Dongen went to stay at the flat in Westbury Park on September 22 and awoke around 3am to hear Wallace laugh and tell him : `` If I ca n't have you , no-one else will . ''
Wallace then allegedly threw acid over Mr Van Dongen , who ran screaming out into the street in pain and was later taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol .
`` His face and much of his body was grotesquely scarred . He lost the sight in his left eye and most of the sight in his right eye , '' Mr Vaitilingam said .
`` He was confined to a hospital bed , for a long time unable to move anything other than his tongue . He lost his lower left leg , which was amputated . ''
`` We will invite you to take the view that Mark Van Dongen had euthanasia because of what Berlinah Wallace had done to him , '' Mr Vaitilingam told the jury .
`` The doctors diagnosed that he was at the limits of tolerable pain .
`` And it can be no surprise , least of all to the attacker , if someone as horrifically scarred and injured as Mark Van Dongen was , should choose to die rather than to live on in that condition . ''
( Image : SWNS )
Richard Smith QC , representing Wallace , a former fashion student , said his client believed the liquid she was throwing at Mr Van Dongen was water .
He said Mr Van Dongen would regularly put out a glass of water for Wallace to take her medication with , and had done so on that night .
`` You will hear evidence about conversations Mr Van Dongen had about the fact he was being blackmailed , '' Mr Smith said .
`` [ There are ] text exchanges from Mr Van Dongen about things very personal in his background that he feared Berlinah Wallace was going to disclose .
`` He tried to make this woman drink sulphuric acid and his plan failed . ''
( Image : PA )
The court heard the trial was previously heard last week , when that jury was discharged due to legal reasons .
A new jury was sworn on Monday and the trial continues .
Wallace , of Westbury Park , Bristol , denies charges of murder and throwing a corrosive substance with intent .
If you need to speak to someone , Samaritans are available 24/7 on 116 123 or by emailing jo @ samaritans.org
© The Free Thought Project
and used pepper spray on several individuals including Tevin Evans ' mother .
Jacobs said Christensen , who has been with the department for about nine years , was reassigned to different duties pending the outcome of an internal investigation . She said his current duties do not involve interaction with the public .
The chief said the officers who went to the family 's house were there for an unattended death investigation . They were not aware at that point that the death was not considered to be suspicious , she said .
An innocent family had only been home ten minutes after their 2-month-old son had died at the hospital when police kicked in their door for no reason , and began pepper spraying and arresting family members.Last month , Tevin Evans and Maryssa Estrada experienced a parent 's worst nightmare , their two-month-old son Kameron died . But after leaving the hospital , this family nightmare would get far worse thanks to West Valley City police officers.On February 24 , Kameron would succumb to the symptoms of respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ) and the little two-month-old bundle of joy 's light burned out forever . The death was not considered suspicious by any means . However , per police protocol , the family was told they would be getting a visit from police . The family asked if this visit could take place at their home as they needed to be with family to grieve.Officers wasted no time , and only ten minutes after they got home from the hospital and began to grieve , Moments later , all hell broke loose.Kameron 's grandfather , very distraught over losing his newborn grandson did not know police were coming to the home . So , when he answered the door , clearly in a state of grief , he was upset to find two cops , officers Christensen and George Martinez . `` My father opened the door , yelled at the cop , 'What do you want ? ' And then shut the door , '' said Ricardo Estrada , Jr. , Kameron 's uncle.As KSL.com reports , West Valley 's chief described the grandfather as being `` in a highly agitated state . The man shouted expletives at the officer and closed the door . '' On surveillance video , a man can be heard shouting at police , `` What the ( expletive ) do you want ? `` However , who would n't be in a highly agitated state after coming home to grieve the loss of a baby only to be harassed by cops immediately after ? Instead of knocking again and being cordial , however , '' It felt very ego driven . That cop never said , 'Calm down . Here 's why I 'm here . ' It was instantly , '' Ricardo Estrada , Jr. said.According to KSL , family members claimed he was immediately hostile toward them , threatening to arrest everyone . Christensen then threatened to arrest family members who pulled out their cellphones to record what was happening , The situation became so disturbing that at least two family members in fear of their lives over the actions of the police officers called 911 . `` I told them this officer just is n't handling the situation correctly , '' said family spokesman Ricardo Estrada , Jr. '' The family called 911 on the police. , '' the family 's lawyer , Salt Lake civil rights attorney Robert Sykes , confirmed . `` I was distraught . Obviously me and my wife were upset and feeling probably every emotion possible : anger , sadness , grief , everything , And then for all that to happen and the aftermath at the home , it was just shocking , '' said Evans who also used words such as `` unbelievable '' and `` nightmare '' to describe what happened , according to KSL.According to Sykes , the family was prepared to announce a lawsuit this week over the incident . However , they got a call from the city 's attorney Friday morning asking to meet with the family first . According to Sykes , '' I think they recognize it was an outrageous violation of these people 's constitutional rights at a time when they 're grieving . And I think they recognize that . And to their credit , they said , 'Yes , we were wrong , ' '' he said.However , Jacobs also held a press conference on Friday and noted that '' It is our practice to reach out to the family , get their side of it , and if they have been wronged , we will do what we can to make it right , '' she said.As KSL reports : Jacobs went on to note that after she reviewed the body camera , she thought the incident was `` concerning . `` `` What seemed to have been a routine investigation in the video , it was a death investigation , and for it to turn into a use of force , clearly something happened . And we need to find out why it went down that road , '' she said.Right away , ( Christensen ) took offense to that . You can visibly see this officer was upset . He could n't really handle the situation , '' Ricardo Estrada , Jr. said . `` Again , this cop is not showing any kind of restraint . No type of de-escalation at all . No respect to the situation . ''
Authorities in Midwest City are searching for the person responsible for dumping a box of six puppies in the driveway of the animal welfare facility . Supervisor Adrian Sanders said all of the dogs were found to have parvo , a highly contagious and potentially deadly disease .
Surveillance cameras caught what appears to be a blue Honda Accord stop in front of the entrance March 17 at around 10:36 a.m . The passenger is seen putting the box in the driveway outside the open gate during business hours . And then the car sped off toward Oklahoma City as an employee ran toward it .
Sanders said there were no rescues able to help with the situation on Saturday and the facility was at risk . Unfortunately , the puppies had to be euthanized .
It is illegal in the City of Midwest City to abandon an animal . And the person responsible for the crime could face municipal fines up to $ 300 per puppy , according to Sanders .
“ We want them to know that it 's not right for them to do what they did , ” he said . “ It 's not fair to the puppies , it 's not fair to the remainder of the animals in our facility to be at risk for the diseases that they put them at risk for . So they will be held accountable if we can find out who is behind it . ”
Anyone with information about the case is urged to contact Midwest City Animal Welfare at 405-427-6640 .
Woman demands to be let off plane because she is
Man kicked off of plane after being accused of ra
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A passenger jet bound for the UK was forced to make an emergency landing in Portugal last night after the plane 's windscreen was smashed mid-flight .
The pilot of the Thomson flight from Las Palmas , in Gran Canaria , to Bristol was forced to descend from an altitude of 30,000ft to 10,000ft after the windscreen was damaged .
Passengers were being held at Porto Airport , where ‘ 200 plus ' people were made to queue for food vouchers while they waited for another flight , one passenger told the Bristol Post .
“ Our plane from Gran Canaria has made an emergency landing in Portugal , ” said the passenger , Laura , who did not give her surname .
( Photo : Twitter/ @ Bristolgigclub )
“ The cockpit windscreen was cracked so had to descend from 30,000ft to 10,000 before making an emergency landing .
“ We 've been here about two hours now . Everyone is OK but a bit fed up as we are not really being told very much about what is going on other than being shunted from one part of the airport to the other . ”
She added : `` Nobody we 've spoken to knows what is going on and that includes the airport staff . ''
It is the second Thomson flight between Bristol and Las Palmas to make an emergency landing this bank holiday weekend .
( Photo : Mirrorpix )
Pilots were forced to carry out an emergency landing at Manchester Airport on Saturday shortly after flight TOM6606 departed from Bristol .
Laura said passengers were only told about a ‘ technical fault ' during her flight , before they learned after landing that the windscreen had been damaged .
She said : `` There were some very nervous looking people but on the whole most people stayed calm . We had realised something was wrong before they announced it due to the sudden descent mid-flight . There was a big clap on landing . ''
“ It was the flight stewards that told us to look at the windscreen when we disembarked , ” she added .
( Photo : Getty Images )
Laura said at 8.20pm that they had been given the food vouchers , but ‘ that seems like a distant dream as there are no food places in sight yet ' .
“ Everyone is remarkably upbeat considering , ” she said .
Laura said she understands another flight has been arranged for later in the evening , but passengers were still waiting for further details at about 8.30pm .
A tweet from Thomson to Laura said : “ We are sorry for the circumstances and hope you can continue your flight home soon . ”
I never would have agreed to the formulation of the Central Intelligence Agency back in '47 , if I had known it would become the American Gestapo .
Flaws in software often offer a potential path for attackers to install malicious software , but you would n't necessarily expect a hardware vendor to include potentially malicious software built right into its device drivers . But that 's exactly what a security researcher found while poking around the internals of a driver for a touchpad commonly used on HP notebook computers—a keystroke logger that could be turned on with a simple change to its configuration in the Windows registry .
The logger , which could potentially be leveraged by an attacker or malware to harvest login credentials and other data , was discovered by security reasearcher Michael Myng ( also known as ZwClose ) lurking within driver software for Synaptics touchpads—used by hundreds of HP and Compaq business and consumer notebook computer models , as well as many other Windows notebook computers from other manufacturers . Myng disclosed the discovery on his blog on December 7 after the problem was disclosed to HP .
The keylogger was apparently included for debugging during development and is disabled by default . However , a user or software with administrative privileges could activate the keylogger by making a registry change—potentially remotely using Windows Management Instrumentation ( WMI ) or PowerShell scripts . Once turned on , it captures keystrokes and generates a trace log file .
HP has acknowledged the keylogger 's presence in a security notice on November 7 , which included links to patched drivers for hundreds of HP and Compaq notebook computer models downloadable from the HP support website . In the security release , HP stated that the vulnerability `` impacts all Synaptics OEM partners . '' The security release also asserted that neither HP nor Synaptics had gained access to customer data as a result of the keylogger .
For those who may feel they 're suffering from déjà vu all over again , this is the second time this year that a keylogger has been found in an HP notebook driver : in May , it was an audio driver that was the suspect .
TAMPA , Fla. ( June 14 , 2017 ) - A collaboration between Saïd M. Sebti , Ph.D. , chair of Moffitt Cancer Center 's Drug Discovery Department , and Michele Pagano , M.D. , chair of the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology at New York University 's Langone Medical Center , led to the publication of an important study in the latest issue of Nature . The investigation found that the drug , geranylgeranyltransferase inhibitor GGTI-2418 suppresses a new defective PTEN cancer pathway discovered by Pagano 's group .
Fully functional PTEN is well known to suppress tumor growth by antagonizing the PI3K/Akt tumor survival pathway . Pagano 's group discovered a novel mechanism by which PTEN protects cells from cancer by preventing the geranylgeranylated protein FBXL2 from binding and degrading IP3R3 . IP3R3 is an important anti-cancer `` sensor '' recognizing hyper-proliferating cells that use abnormally high levels of energy , and targeting them to self-destruct as an anti-cancer safety mechanism . The PTEN gene binds to IP3R3 , protecting its cancer-sensing function . However PTEN is defective in many cancers , and as such , FBXL2 is left unchecked ; too much IP3R3 is degraded and fast-multiplying cells are less able to self-destruct .
`` FXBL2 may be partially responsible for cancer growth in the many patients with genetic changes that happen to disable PTEN , '' said Pagano . The drug GGTI-2418 blocks this cancer-causing activity of FBXL2 by inhibiting its geranylgeranylation which is required for FBXL2 to bind and degrade IP3R3 . GGTI-2418 was co-discovered and developed by Sebti and NYU President Andrew Hamilton , Ph.D. , while he was at Yale University . .
Another fascinating consequence of this discovery is that cancers with defective PTEN activate two tumor survival circuits to evade cell death , the PI3K/Akt and the FBXL2 pathways . `` These findings have important translational implications as patients whose tumors harbor defective PTEN may benefit greatly from a combination of inhibitors of FBXL2 geranylgeranylation , such as GGTI-2418 , and inhibitors of Akt , such as TCN-P , '' said Sebti . Both GGTI-2418 and TCN-P were co-discovered by Sebti and are now developed by the clinical-stage oncology company Prescient Therapeutics Ltd .
The researchers also found that using GGTI-2418 to block FBXL2 from degrading IP3R3 made the tumors in mice more vulnerable to photodynamic therapy ( PDT ) . `` This experimental drug , by itself and with a form of light therapy , countered FBXL2 to let abnormal cells self-destruct , '' said Pagano `` We will be looking to collaborate with Dr. Sebti on clinical studies combining GGTI-2418 with PDT or TCN-P in patients with low PTEN . ''
# # #
About Moffitt Cancer Center
Moffitt is dedicated to one lifesaving mission : to contribute to the prevention and cure of cancer . The Tampa-based facility is one of only 47 National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Centers , a distinction that recognizes Moffitt 's excellence in research , clinical trials , prevention and cancer control . Moffitt is the No . 6 cancer hospital in the nation and has been listed in U.S. News & World Report as one of the `` Best Hospitals '' for cancer care since 1999 . Moffitt devotes more than 2 million square feet to research and patient care . Moffitt 's expert nursing staff is recognized by the American Nurses Credentialing Center with Magnet® status , its highest distinction . With more than 5,600 team members , Moffitt has an economic impact in the state of $ 2.1 billion . For more information , call 1-888-MOFFITT ( 1-888-663-3488 ) , visit MOFFITT.org , and follow the momentum on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube .
The mother of one of the two teenaged girls allegedly killed in Brentwood last year by MS-13 gang members collapsed into tears inside a courtroom Monday after watching the accussed perpetrators smiling and waving to their loved ones .
Elizabeth Alvarado — the mother of Nisa Mickens , 15 , who was killed along with her friend Kayla Cuevas , 16 , in September 2016 — said she was overcome with emotion as the four adult members of MS-13 charged in the killings of Mickens and Cuevas appeared in federal court in Central Islip for a status conference in their case .
“ They have no right to see their family , ” Alvarado said in an interview outside the courtroom . “ I ca n't talk to my daughter . They took all that away from me . ”
Federal prosecutors have charged four men in the killings : Alexi Saenz , 22 , of Central Islip , the head of a gang clique ; his brother , Jairo Saenz , 19 , also of Central Islip , the second-in-command of the clique ; Enrique Portillo , 19 , of Brentwood ; and Selvin Chavez , 19 , also of Brentwood , officials said .
The four have pleaded not guilty and remain held without bail . The Department of Justice has not yet said whether they plan to seek the death penalty for any of the four . Their attorneys did not comment Monday .
The four were among several accused MS-13 gang members charged in killings on Long Island , including the murders of four young men killed in a Central Islip park in April , that appeared in court Monday for status hearings .
The four defendants in the Cuevas and Mickens killings — all of whom listened to the brief court proceedings through a Spanish-language intepreter — spoke and laughed amongst themselves and smiled and waved to their supporters as they sat in the jury box of Judge Joseph F. Bianco 's courtroom before the hearing began .
Another status hearing was set for Feb. 27 .
Get the Newsday Now newsletter ! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Several young women — two holding babies — cried tears at the sight of the defendants , but smiled and waved to them and were able to have short verbal exchanges across the courtroom .
As the four men were being led out of the courtoom after the hearing concluded , one woman called out in Spanish , “ Te amo mucho , ” which means , “ I love you a lot. ” Another shouted “ mi amor , ” which translates to “ my love . ”
The supporters declined to comment to a reporter .
Robert Mickens , Nisa 's father , said he feels conflicted about whether the defendants should face the death penalty , but wants them to spend their lives in an American prison .
Mickens said he watched one of the defendants wave to a toddler , presumably his child or relative , and thought : “ They could have not done what they did . ”
The mother and father of Kayla Cuevas , who also attended the hearing , declined to comment .
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
2:01 Winter weather forecast for North Texas
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) — Herders and large-scale farmers in parts of Kenya 's Rift Valley are desperately waiting for seasonal rains to ease the prolonged drought and the current conflict over grazing land in which more than 30 people have died .
Kenya 's military and police have been working for a month to disarm and drive the hundreds of herders and their animals out of ranches they 've invaded , but their actions appear to have escalated the violence .
The Laikipia Ranchers ' Association says when the military and police drive nomadic herders from one sprawling ranch they move into another ranch .
Politicians campaigning for positions in the August elections are inciting the herders to invade the ranches saying that it is their ancestral land , Martin Evans , the ranchers ' association chairman said Monday .
Advertisement
“ They are telling the people ‘ the land is yours , take it , ' ” Evans said .
The invasions started late last year and the violence has increased with attempts to evict the herders from the Pokot , Maasai and Samburu communities . Last month British national and ranch owner Tristan Voorspuy was killed when he went to inspect damage done by the herders on one of his lodges . Lodges belonging to famed conservationist and author Italian-born Kuki Gallman were also burned by the herders . Gallman is known for her bestselling book “ I Dreamed of Africa , ” which became a movie by the same title starring Kim Bassinger .
The ranches , some of which double up as conservancies , were acquired in the 1990s and prevented local groups from being able to graze their cattle , said land expert Odenda Lumumba . More than half of the land available for farming in Laikipia , is private farmland , according to government statistics .
“ Laikipia region has transformed from a basic pastoralist economy to a large-scale farming-touristic economy and ecology , but the people who preexisted in this space remained the same . These two do not exist in the same plane . All land users should be … assimilated into that economy to co-exist , ” Lumumba said . The majority of the herding communities , who occupy the northern part of the country , have long been marginalized and do not have access to school , health facilities and security , he said .
Due to the lack of police deployment in their regions herders armed themselves with rifles from war-torn neighboring countries to protect themselves against rivals carrying out cattle raids , he said . The acquisition of rifles by the herders has made the cattle raids deadlier and recent attempts to disarm the herders have not succeeded in reducing the violence .
Where security measures have failed , seasonal rain may help .
Nearly half of the country has been affected by the drought which has been declared a national disaster , but Kenya 's Metrological Department forecasts rain over most parts of the country this month . The rains should bring new grass and reduce the pressure for grazing land .
Henry Bailey , a land use consultant who has worked in Kenya for more than a decade , says the problem is that there is no sustainable use of grass in the areas the pastoralists occupy .
“ If those areas are rehabilitated then it would provide a basis of a vibrant pastoralist economy , ” he said . The government should help with the rehabilitation of the grass and create markets for the pastoralists to create a competitive business for their livestock , he said .
“ When you provide business opportunities for people they are less interested to go out and commit a crime because they have a vested interest in the development , ” he said .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
George Kruis is primed for a date with the British & Irish Lions and Saracens ' biggest game of the season – despite playing just 80 minutes since December .
The big lock returned to action on Sunday as Sarries beat Northampton 27-25 , in the nick of time before the Lions squad is announced on Wednesday .
Kruis is odds-on to make the trip to New Zealand but he may be without England team-mates Joe Launchbury and Jonathan Joseph .
Head coach Warren Gatland will today nail down his squad to face the All Blacks with lock Launchbury and centre Joseph set to miss out .
( Photo : Rex Features )
Kruis had not played since Christmas Eve after suffering cheek , ankle and knee injuries but the fit-again 27-year-old will now face Munster in the Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday before Lions ' duty .
And Kruis insists his lack of game time is not an issue .
Kruis said : “ Fitness is one of my strong points . It is just the confidence to go out and play . I was happy with my 80 minutes . ”
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
FULL BRITISH AND IRISH LIONS TOUR OF NEW ZEALAND ITINERARY
Sat , June 3 - New Zealand Provincial Barbarians ( Toll Stadium , Whangarei )
Wed , June 7 - Blues ( Eden Park , Auckland )
Sat , June 10 - Crusaders ( AMI Stadium , Christchurch )
Tue , June 13 - Highlanders ( Forsyth Barr Stadium , Dunedin )
Sat , June 17 - Maori All Blacks ( Rotorua International Stadium , Rotorua )
Tue , June 20 - Chiefs ( Waikato Stadium , Hamilton )
Sat , June 24 - NEW ZEALAND ( Eden Park , Auckland )
Tue , June 27 - Hurricanes ( Westpac Stadium , Wellington )
Sat , July 1 - NEW ZEALAND ( Westpac Stadium , Wellington )
Sat , July 8 - NEW ZEALAND ( Eden Park , Auckland )
( all kick-offs 0835 BST )
A winter storm is expected to start moving through the Chicago area Saturday afternoon , bringing up to 5 inches inches of snowfall to some parts of northern Illinois and northwest Indiana.A Winter Weather Advisory will be in effect in Lake and McHenry counties in Illinois from 9 p.m. Saturday until noon Sunday , and in Cook County and Lake and Porter counties in Indiana from midnight to 6 p.m. CT Sunday for snow accumulations of 3-5 inches.The snow is expected to start falling during the afternoon hours on Saturday and should continue until Sunday night . Accumulating snow is forecast from midnight through 10 a.m. Sunday - the window expected to be the worst part of the storm for most of the area , ABC7 meteorologist Mark McGinnis said.Temperatures should dip to the high-20s Saturday night as the snowy conditions move into the area after 9 p.m.The forecast estimates that the Chicago area should see between 3 to 5 inches of fresh snowfall , which could make for slippery road conditions.On Sunday night , mostly clear conditions are expected as single-digit temperatures and sub-zero wind chills move into the area.The Chicago area is still looking at three more rounds of snow later this week - Monday afternoon or night , Wednesday and Friday , McGinnis said.This all comes after single-digit wind chills on Friday.The latest models show a dusting to 1 inch on the ground by 8 a.m. Sunday , with some areas seeing as much as 2 inches , ABC7 meteorologist Larry Mowry said.On Sunday , snow showers in the morning will persist into the early part of the afternoon , with the Illinois side of Lake Michigan possibly picking up some lake-enhanced snowfall.In all , most areas will see 1 to 2 inches of snow , with some areas near the lake seeing closer to 3 or 4 inches.While it will warm up into the 30s on Saturday afternoon , the nasty cold was a slap in the face for people trying to get to work Friday morning . `` It 's painful , I would say . It 's just like , you feel like you 're getting frostbite . I know I 'm not getting frostbite , but I feel like I am , '' said Alaina DeBona.Utility workers were bundled up tight , working in the freezing temperatures before dawn . Trash collectors hurried to make their rounds and people struggled to keep warm at the bus stops . `` Well born and raised in Chicago , you got ta know how to dress and know how to come outside . I have long johns on , warm gloves and a scarf to keep your neck warm and you 'll be alright , '' said Jamal Arnold.With wind chills below zero , Jordan Walters was shivering . He forgot to check the forecast and forgot his coat . `` I usually check the weather , but I totally forgot , so on this particular day , no I did n't , but usually I do , '' he said.Meanwhile the Chicago River is no longer frozen , just steaming from the cold , with highs only in the low 20s . Uber driver Shatona Kerney is used to all of the ups and downs . `` Chicago , it 's normal for us to have the cold , the warm , the cold , so it 's expected , '' Kerney said . `` Well if it 's cold anyway , then let it snow , at least it 's a pretty picture , '' said Susanne Vaniersel , who is from the Netherlands.Chicago has not had a lot of snow this winter , but the supply of road salt is shrinking because much of the salt supply is being sent to Indiana and other states in the Midwest that have had more snow .
Sergeant Daniel A. Sanchez-Quintero , an assault amphibious vehicle crewman with Headquarters and Services Company , 3rd Assault Amphibious Battalion , explains the safety procedures for an AAV to soldiers with the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton , Calif. , during Iron Fist 2017 Feb. 13 . The U.S. Marines taught the Japanese soldiers not only how to operate the AAVs but also AAV techniques and tactics . Iron Fist is an annual , bilateral training exercise where U.S. and Japanese service members train together and share techniques , tactics and procedure to improve their combined operational capabilities . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl . Alvin Pujols/ Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.13.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 19:25 Photo ID : 3165365 VIRIN : 170214-M-NM524-001 Resolution : 4596x3064 Size : 6.69 MB Location : MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP PENDLETON , CA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Warriors of the Sea train and teach in their element [ Image 1 of 7 ] , by Cpl Alvin Pujols , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Batavia officials said city employees ' W-2 forms were compromised by a phishing email at the end of January.Officials said the phishing email was received by a city employee on Jan. 31 , and was disguised as an internal email . Personal and financial information including names , social security numbers , addresses and earnings were compromised.A total of 268 city employees are impacted , including elected officials , according to City Administrator Laura Newman.Officials said police are investigating , and city employees are being counseled by administrators on steps they should take to protect their identity and financial security .
For the first time in many years , the city of Abbotsford will be the one kicking off the summer festival season .
After three years of hosting the Abby Fall Festival in September , downtown Abbotsford will now be putting on an event simply called “ Abby Festival ” this weekend , June 1 , 2 and 3 .
The main reason behind the rescheduling was the availability of bigger and better carnival rides through Spectrum Carnival . Event organizer Paula Ruesch said the midway will feature about a dozen rides , including a large Ferris wheel , The Hustler , The Pirate Ship , The Swinger , The Mini Scrambler , The Groovy Bus , bumpercars , sKIDster Bounce House , The Rockin ' Tug and The Big Slide .
The rides will start operating at 5 p.m. on Friday and run until 10 p.m. Food stands will also open at 5 p.m. on Friday .
The midway will reopen from noon to 4 p.m. on Saturday and run again from 6 to 11 p.m. on Saturday night . On Sunday , the rides will be spinning from noon to 4 p.m .
The AbbyColby Crossings Chamber of Commerce will also be selling beer downtown , starting at 6 p.m. on Friday night , noon on Saturday and 1 p.m. on Sunday .
Live music will be played downtown all three days . On Friday night , the band Night Screamer will take the stage at
7 p.m. , followed by Project 3:13 Rock , LLC , playing the hits of REO Speedwagon and Richrath .
On Saturday at 7:30 p.m. , the mariachi band Los Reales will take the stage . Starting at noon on Sunday , DJ Sonido Disco Movil Paisanito will play music , followed by a performance by Folkloric Dancers ( Mexican dancers ) at 2:30 p.m .
A craft sale will also be held downtown , from noon until 7 p.m. Saturday , featuring over 20 vendors selling handmade clothing , jewelry , home decor and other products .
The Abby Festival will also feature the fourth annual queen and princess contest for girls ages 0 to 5 , 6-10 and 11-15 ( princesses ) and 16 and above ( queen ) . Contestants have been selling raffle tickets since April 2 , and the girls who sell the most tickets in age category will be crowned at 7 p.m. on Saturday , June 2 , near the band stage .
Raffle tickets are also available at the following businesses : Novedades La Chiquita , Abarrotes La China , La Tropicana , La Veracruzana Super Market , Nicolet Bank in Colby , La Botana-The Snack Bar and AbbyColby Crossings Chamber office . The raffle drawing will be held at 4 p.m. on Sunday , June 3 .
A coloring contest also got started on May 14 , with a deadline of Saturday , June 2 , at noon for entries to be submitted . Entries can be picked up and dropped off at Nicolet National Bank in Colby , which is sponsoring the contest .
New this year is a slow-pitch softball tournament tentatively planned at Red Arrow Park on Saturday , June 2 , starting at 9 a.m. and possibly continuing on Sunday . Ruesch said only one team is signed up so far , so they need more to register for the tournament to proceed . Those interested in registering a team can call her at 715-302-1177 or send an email to aflacruesch @ frontier.com .
The family soccer tournament will be returning this year , with first and second place team trophies available in three age divisions : children 6 to 9 , children 10-13 and adults 14 and older .
To register , contact Franky Hidalgo at 715-255-2674 or Misael Bautista-715-255-2570 , or send an email to mexteco0115 @ gmail.com .
A five-on-five basketball tournament will also be held at the park , starting at 9 a.m. on Saturday . Those interested in playing can contact Ruesch .
Saturday will also feature the annual Lama Trot 5K and 10K Run and 5K Walk , Registration begins at 8 a.m. , with the race starting at 9 a.m. in front of the chamber of commerce building on West Spruce Street . To register for the race contact Reusch at 715-302-1177 or go to www.abbycolbylama.com
Sunday 's main event will be the Abby Festival Parade at 1:30 p.m . The floats will start lining up at 12:30 p.m. on Second Avenue west of St. Bernard 's Catholic Church . Trophies will be awarded for first , second , and third-place entries .
Advance wristband cards are available at : Nicolet Bank in Colby , AbbyBank , Forward Financial Bank , Taylor Credit Union , La Tropicana , Novedades La Chiquita , Abarrotes La China , La Veracruzana , La Botana , Kramer 's County Market ; , Abbotsford City Hall , and AbbyColby Crossings Chamber office .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are set to sign Yacine Adli from Paris Saint-Germain .
The France youth international has knocked back PSG 's offer in favour of joining the Gunners .
Unai Emery has captured the 17-year-old on a three-year deal , with the option of a further two years , according to Paris United .
An attacking midfielder with an imposing frame , Adli has featured for Les Bleus at Under-16 , Under-17 and Under-18 level , scoring 13 times over 33 caps .
( Image : REUTERS )
Unai Emery 's project is believed to have convinced Adli , with the Spaniard having a close look at the talent during his time in the French capital .
PSG reportedly made a bigger financial offer to the player , but Adli is not convinced by the project of the club .
( Image : AFP )
The difficulty in breaking through into the first team with such an array of stars at the disposal of Thomas Tuchel is thought to have played a part in his decision .
Adli has received comparisons with Javier Pastore , due to his exceptional technical ability , a two-footed game and impressive physicality for his age .
Dwindling employment at U.S. department and specialty stores looks to have been accelerated by some of the strongest storms on record.Hurricanes Harvey , Irma and Maria hit various parts of the southern U.S. and its territories , all over the last five weeks , and the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics admitted that “ severe damage ” caused by the storms reduced nonfarm employment.Despite months of losses preceding the storms , retail looks to have been hit particularly hard , with specialty apparel and accessories stores cutting 2,500 jobs during September and department stores cutting another 2,200 . Food and beverage stores also lost 6,900 workers.The cuts made up a majority of the 2,900 jobs lost in the retail sector overall , partially offset by 2,000 jobs being added to online retailers and 5,300 jobs added to building and garden stores , which can also likely be attributed to hurricane recovery efforts.The bureau 's survey did not include employment from the U.S. Virgin Islands or Puerto Rico , where the damage to business and infrastructure from the storms is worst . Puerto Rico suffered under Irma and Maria and was devastated . The island is still largely without power and flooding is still widespread . President Trump visited the commonwealth on Tuesday and compared the damage to the “ real catastrophe ” of 2005 's Hurricane Katrina . Trump later tossed individual rolls of paper towels to a crowd waiting for relief supplies . The impact on retail due to lost purchasing power in Puerto Rico is estimated to be close to $ 5 billion , almost double the $ 2.8 billion impact expected from Irma and well over the $ 1 billion impact from Harvey . Overall nonfarm employment also fell by 33,000 during September , the first loss in seven years , led by declines in construction-related and auto-related jobs . But the bureau said the employment rates “ generally were within normal ranges , ” nationally and in states that suffered damage from the storms.The extreme weather also hurt consumer confidence in September , but the Conference Board of the Consumer Confidence Index said last week that consumers are expected to be feeling more upbeat in the coming months.Projections for holiday sales were modified due to the weather as well , with the National Retail Federation issuing a range for holiday sales expectations , instead of by a specific percent as usual . Nevertheless , the retail lobbying group said holiday spending could hit $ 682 billion this year compared to $ 655.8 billion in 2016 . NRF 's forecast is consistent with that of the International Council of Shopping Centers on Monday , which expects a 3.8 percent gains in holiday spending , but PwC was more bullish , forecasting a 6 percent gain . That forecast includes travel and entertainment as well as gifts.For More , See : L Brands Comps Continue to FallAmazon 's Private Label Lark & Ro Nears $ 10M in SalesBricks-and-Mortars Refuse to Bow Down to Online-Only Competitors
With his future in Dallas clouded with uncertainties , Devin Harris realizes he might have played his last game with the Mavericks .
But the veteran guard does n't want to listen to his gut to get any signs on whether or not he 'll have to pack his bags and play elsewhere next season .
`` I tend to not follow my gut , because once you think one thing . . .it 's been pretty spot-on , '' Harris said . `` Obviously , the first time I left here ( in 2008 ) was very hard .
`` My heart was into ( remaining with the Mavericks ) , this is where I wanted to be , but like I said sometimes the business gets the best of you . So I 'll let the chips fall where they may and try to make the decision possible with the information that I have . ''
The Mavericks own a team option on Harris that will pay him $ 4.4 million next season . Whether they plan to pick up that option and bring him back next season or simply allow him to become a free agent on July 1 , they have n't publicly stated .
`` I do n't know at this time exactly what management 's view is , '' coach Rick Carlisle said . `` I 'm the coach .
`` Devin has been one of the great soldiers that I 've had here in this organization and in this locker room , fighting for this team . ''
Harris , 34 , said management has n't given him any assurances that they plan to bring him back next season .
`` Obviously , it 's a team option , '' he said . `` The ball is in their court , but they have n't given me any indication .
`` I think going into the summer , the draft and free agency kind of plays a part first ( as far as what the Mavericks ' top priorities are ) . And we 'll kind of see where it is from there . ''
Harris has been down this road a few times with the Mavericks . The 6-3 , 185-pounder played his first three-and-a-half seasons in the NBA for the Mavericks before they traded him to the New Jersey Nets on Feb. 19 , 2008 in a blockbuster deal that brought Jason Kidd back to Dallas .
Then in the summer of 2013 , Harris verbally agreed to sign a three-year , $ 9 million free agent contract to return to the Mavericks . But the deal was rescinded when the Mavericks discovered Harris needed toe surgery .
Nevertheless , the Mavericks eventually restructured Harris ' contract later that summer and signed him to a one-year , $ 1.3 million deal . However , that actually worked in Harris ' favor , because he inked a four-year , $ 16.5 million contract – the fourth year was a team option – on July 17 , 2014 .
Still , with the Mavericks on this youth movement , they could possibly either draft a point guard or acquire a young one via free agency . And with guards Yogi Ferrell , Seth Curry , J.J. Barea and Wesley Matthews already under contract , and with the team expected to pick up the modest $ 905,249 team option on Nicolas Brussino 's contract , there might not be any room on their roster to accommodate Harris .
`` Obviously , I 'd like him to stay here healthy as long as he can , '' Carlisle said . `` He 's playing at such a high level .
`` Some of that will be determined by other things . Right now , it 's just impossible to know . ''
The operative word in Carlisle 's previous remark is healthy , and the ability of Harris to remain healthy enough so he can be a viable asset . Harris sprained his right big toe last Oct. 21 in the preseason finale at Denver , and that ultimately put this season in jeopardy for the 13-year veteran .
`` For me , this year was just a blessing , '' Harris said . `` Early in the year , I was initially told I was going to miss the season .
`` I was supposed to have surgery – another foot injury -- but I was able to kind of rest it and it healed on its own . So just to be able to get out there and be productive was just great for me , personally . ''
Harris wound up missing the first 16 games this season . But once he got his bearings , he finished the season averaging 6.7 points and 2.1 assists in just 16.7 minutes per game .
That includes being even more productive over the final 23 games of the season when he averaged 7.8 points and 2.6 assists in 16.6 minutes per outing .
`` I think the last month or so – or two months – when I 've been healthy , I 've kind of shown what I 'm capable of doing , '' Harris said . `` At this point , I just kind of let the chips fall where they may and see what happens .
`` But just going ( in the off-season ) healthy and knowing what I need to do and kind of building on the season that I had , I think is important . ''
Does the law apply in prison ? A recent Federal Court decision confirms the obvious answer : Of course . Yet the fact that this was a question at all speaks to the reality of systemic lawlessness that too often describes our prison system .
The court decision confirmed that an inmate in prison disciplinary court had the right to defend himself by arguing that he only broke a prison rule because of serious pressure from other inmates .
On the evening in question , all of the inmates on this man 's unit refused to enter their cells and lock up at close of day . The protest lasted a couple hours and was resolved peacefully . The inmate did not instigate the protest , but said he refused an order to lock his cell because he feared the consequences of breaking ranks with his fellow inmates .
In the criminal law , we refer to such an argument as the defence of duress . The Criminal Code says that duress applies when a person commits an offence while under a threat made for the purpose of compelling that offence . The underlying idea is that the state will only punish morally voluntary conduct , not behaviour driven by overwhelming fear .
Faced with the inmate 's argument , the prison decision-maker , Rick Romain , reasoned that allowing a defence of duress would be bad policy for the prison . Romain spoke of the “ chaos ” that would ensue if inmates could break rules with impunity . The Federal Court overruled him , noting that the law was clear that inmates can advance Criminal Code defences . Romain had applied “ his own ideas ” rather than the law . It bears noting that Mr. Romain was once a justice of the peace , but was fired in 2003 after multiple instances of in-court misconduct . The Harper government appointed him to oversee prison disciplinary court .
Media coverage has implied that the Federal Court decision means the “ prison code ” can be used to defend infractions behind prison walls . The code refers to the unwritten but important rules that govern prisoner society . Common precepts include solidarity with fellow inmates , non-cooperation with staff , and intolerance of certain kinds of criminality ( such as crimes that harm women and children ) . It 's no surprise that inmate codes tend to focus on loyalty and protection , given that inmates must vigilantly navigate the risks of life behind bars .
The Federal Court did n't actually hold that the prison code generates a defence . Rather , the court held that inmates may be excused for wrongs committed under duress , like all other Canadians . Simply put , “ prison codes ” and the very real threats of violence that undergird them may form part of the factual context that a decision-maker should consider .
The defence of duress is difficult to establish . It requires finding that the accused had no avenue of escape , the threat was a serious one of death or bodily harm , and the accused reasonably believed that the threat would be carried out . There must also be proportionality between the harm threatened and the harm inflicted by the accused . In this case , a genuine fear of death or bodily harm would be balanced against the prisoner 's relatively brief refusal to obey an order to enter a cell .
What is remarkable about this case is the fact that the erroneous decision was ever reviewed by a higher court . For the overwhelming majority of inmates , disciplinary findings are final . Most inmates who lose in prison disciplinary court face fines or lengthy periods in solitary confinement . Prisoners rarely have the resources to hold correctional authorities to account .
In this case , the Prison Law Clinic at Queen 's University – the only law school clinic in Canada that assists inmates with their legal needs – represented the inmate in Federal Court . While the Queen 's Clinic provides a vital resource to prisoners and law students alike , it has limited resources . The overwhelming majority of prisoners will one day re-enter society . We do them and all society an injustice when we deny them centuries-old legal protections and defences . The rule of law encompasses prisoners and prisons too .
Lisa Kerr is a Assistant Professor at Queen 's University , Faculty of Law .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lewis Cook has yet to kick a ball for England 's senior side , but already knows he can bring something different to the Three Lions table .
The 21-year-old Bournemouth midfielder earned his first call-up from the start of an international get-together last week for the friendlies against Holland on Friday and Italy four days later .
And he has already achieved something no other member of Gareth Southgate 's squad has having skippered his country to glory in last summer 's Under-20 World Cup in Venezuela .
That triumph made him the first England captain since Bobby Moore in 1966 to lift a world trophy .
( Image : FIFA/Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Cook also won the Under-17 Euros four years ago , alongside another member of Southgate 's current squad , Liverpool defender Joe Gomez .
Goalkeepers Jack Butland ( 2010 U17 Euros ) and Jordan Pickford ( 2016 Toulon Tournament ) are the only others to have won silverware for their country .
Cook said : “ Going there and winning that competition was another massive achievement .
“ I think I learnt a lot about tournament football and stuff , and maybe I can give my feedback on that and try to help the team .
( Image : FA/REX/Shutterstock )
“ I really enjoyed last summer and I think it put me in good stead for this year and I just need to keep growing , keep learning and enjoy it . ”
Cook 's belief should not be misinterpreted , though , as the former Leeds starlet is not the type to get ahead of himself .
“ Lewis is very level-headed and controlled , ” Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe said . “ He does n't get carried away by anything . He is focused on his football , which is one of the best assets to have . ”
To underline that Cook , who was first drafted into the squad for November 's friendly against Brazil , insisted he is not daring to think ahead to what his summer might hold after being called up for Southgate 's final pre-World Cup squad .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He said : “ I just have to go there and be myself . If I get the chance to play just do what I do here at Bournemouth , enjoy it , try to implement my style of play and adjust to how they play as well .
“ If that happens [ a World Cup call up ] it happens but I am just focussing on this camp now and giving my all .
“ It is the senior squad so there is a lot of talent throughout every area of the pitch so you just have to go there and try your best . The main thing is enjoyed the experience and all I want to do is keep learning . ”
Some folks feed on opposition
Have you ever walked into a conversation and gotten the impression the group likely had been speaking of the devil… and they believe you 're diablo ? American President Donald Trump knows the feeling all too well . Ever since he won the election over Hillary Clinton , whom liberals and the mainstream media had already measured for coronation , an interesting juxtaposition has taken place . Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News . Be informed , subscribe today !
Comments
comments
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch was n't shy Monday about making his voice heard as he took his seat on the bench for the first time to hear arguments .
The new justice took less than 15 minutes before asking questions during an employment discrimination case . Gorsuch and his colleagues were hearing cases for the first time since President Donald Trump 's pick was sworn in April 10 .
The case before the justices involved a technical issue about the process for a federal worker to appeal his discrimination claim . Gorsuch asked the worker 's lawyer Christopher Landau four questions in a row about the wording of a statute , saying he was “ sorry for taking up so much time . ”
Gorsuch later sparred with Justice Department lawyer Brian Fletcher over the meaning of the Civil Service Reform Act , sticking to his reputation for focusing on the text of the law .
“ Would n't it be a lot easier if we just followed the plain text of the statute , ” Gorsuch asked .
It was the first of three hour-long arguments the high court was set to hear on Monday . The court is back to its full contingent of nine members after being short-handed since Justice Antonin Scalia 's death more than 14 months ago .
The session started with Chief Justice John Roberts welcoming Gorsuch and wishing him “ a long and happy career in our common calling . ”
Gorsuch responded briefly to thank Roberts for the “ warm welcome . ”
Gorsuch took his seat at the end of the bench next to Justice Sonia Sotomayor , with the two sharing a laugh together before arguments began .
PARAMUS , N.J. -- A 16-year-old Northern Highlands High School sophomore from Saddle River who tried to kill himself was hospitalized in critical condition after jumping from the top level of a five-story parking deck Tuesday morning at the Garden State Plaza in Paramus , authorities said .
Police found him on the roadway next to the garage , Police Chief Kenneth Ehrenberg said .
`` He had no pulse , '' the chief said .
Officer Keith Bland , Sgt . Michael Pollaro and Lt. Christine Udis immediately began CPR and used their Automatic External Defibrillator to treat the boy .
The officers were later assisted by paramedics and EMS as CPR continued for about 20 minutes , Ehrenberg said .
`` The officers were able to regain a pulse and resuscitate the victim , who was critically injured from the fall , '' he said . `` The victim was transported to Hackensack Medical Center where he is currently being treated and remains in critical condition .
`` The victim 's family was located and were transported to the medical center , '' the chief said , adding that police found two witnesses .
Police were looking for the boy after he did n't turn up for school . A Be on the Lookout was issued for his vehicle .
Anyone with additional information is asked to call the Paramus Police Department at ( 201 ) 262-3400 .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Kyle viewers were 'throwing up their breakfasts ' this morning after a horrific condom revelation .
A guest revealed she 'found her cheating husband 's used condom with blood on ' in the bathroom toilet .
Presenter Jeremy had warned viewers to stop eating their cereal before the sickening story was told by Carrie , who `` feared her husband could be gay '' .
She discovered Mark had `` offered men money for sex '' behind her back , but the final straw was when she found the condom , as the couple do n't use them together .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Carrie said : `` Basically Mark went missing and I came back to find it in the bathroom toilet . It had been used . There was obviously c * * there and blood on the outside .
`` When i confronted Mark after I found it he said he used it for pleasure for himself . ''
Stunned Jeremy shouted : `` I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , blood ? What does that imply . ''
Carrie replied : `` Well obviously it could n't have been used on himself . surely there would n't be blood on it .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
The presenter jokingly asked if Mark had cut his finger while using the condom for his own pleasure .
Leaving the audience in hysterics , Carrie said : `` I believe that he may have cheated on me . It 's either a man or a woman . Obviously I 'm not sure . ''
Sarcastic Jezza said : `` Right well that cuts it down does n't it . God I never thought I 'd end up doing this for a living . ''
Mark , who had previously engaged in a threesome with his wife but not joined in , then appeared in the studio and claimed the condom was `` for himself '' .
( Image : ITV )
Jeremy revealed that the director of the programme was in his ear telling him to ask if blood was on the condom .
Confused Mark said : `` I do n't know . I do n't think there was any blood on it . If she says there was , I do n't know . ''
The lie detector results proved Mark was lying , as he failed very question about extra martial affairs , including sexual intercourse .
Although Jeremy pointed out he `` still has four in the bank '' as Carrie cheated on him five times .
( Image : ITV )
Horrified Jeremy Kyle viewers took to Twitter after hearing the disgusting story so early in the morning .
One viewer said : `` Ca n't believe I 'm actually hearing this .. ! ! These are Flat Out Disgusting People ''
`` Today 's # JK would put me of breakfast Lucky I 'm skipping breakfast today , '' added another .
A third said : `` Can I get an applause for not puking my bacon up ? ''
* The Jeremy Kyle Show airs weekdays on ITV at 9.25am
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Sinclair Broadcast Group will sell nine TV stations to Standard Media Group for $ 441.7 million as part of its plan to meet regulatory approval for its pending $ 3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media .
The sale of the stations is contingent on the Tribune deal closing . Sinclair said it expects that deal to close by the end of the second quarter .
The moves come after Sinclair received widespread attention after news reports earlier in April showed dozens of Sinclair news anchors reading an identical script expressing concern about `` one-sided news stories plaguing the country . '' At the time , President Donald Trump tweeted his support of the network .
The stations include one each in Oklahoma , Michigan , North Carolina , Virginia and Iowa and four in Pennsylvania .
Sinclair owns 193 stations across the country .
Regional rights commission investigates Nicaragua violence
MANAGUA , Nicaragua ( AP ) — The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says a team of independent investigators has set up in Nicaragua to investigate political violence that has rocked the country since April .
The commission says at least 212 people were killed through June 19 in violent clashes between protesters demanding President Daniel Ortega 's exit from office and state security forces and allied civilian groups . A Nicaragua-based rights group says 309 have died in all .
Paulo Abrao is executive secretary of the commission . He said Tuesday that investigators have complete autonomy and access to security files . The group can only make recommendations and can not compel the government to comply with them .
Talks on seeking a solution to the crisis resumed earlier this month .
Just two minutes away from Harajuku Station is the latest addition to the Gonpachi – aka the “ Kill Bill ” restaurant – restaurant chain , Gonpachi Nori-Temaki , specializing in temaki , or hand rolls .
Gonpachi Nori-Temaki aims to be a fine-casual restaurant , fusing the speed and convenience of fast-casual with the elevated decor , service and dishes of fine dining . And it successfully does just that with its warm wood interior exuding a relaxing atmosphere , quick service and carefully selected fresh ingredients .
Nori , or seaweed , is one of Japan 's greatest superfoods . Highly nutritious containing significant amounts of protein , calcium , a rich source of vitamins , fiber and more , it 's been said that “ two sheets a day keeps the doctor away. ” Gonpachi uses high grade kontobi nori , known for its fragrance , taste and texture , from Maruyama , a purveyor of seaweed to many Michelin-starred restaurants with more than 160 years of history .
Ordering is easy as you just grab the menu , write the number of temaki you want beside their names and hand it to a chef as you take a seat . These made-to-order nori wraps start at ¥350 per piece depending on the toppings . They disappear in a couple of bites though , so you might consider getting the set menus which will save you some yen .
We got to try a majority of the recommended temakis from classic combinations to Gonpachi specialties . A favorite for many , the crab and avocado had the perfect sauce marrying the two together while another favorite , the salmon and avocado featured fatty melt-in-your-mouth salmon and smooth avocado .
Both the salmon roe and sea urchin temaki are wrapped along with shiso perilla leaves which give them a refreshing aftertaste as opposed to the rich taste of the salmon roe and sea urchin . The toro ( tuna ) and takuan ( pickled daikon radish ) matches the soft fatty tuna and the crunch of the radish perfectly together , along with the crispy nori .
We also tried the plum and cucumber with cauliflower rice . The sourness of the umeboshi plum ties the whole wrap together and gives it a slight kick . Though cauliflower rice has been around for a while , it 's never been used for sushi in Japan . Gonpachi 's own recipe disguises the cauliflower well and you can barely tell that you 're not eating rice .
Many of these toppings offer the option to use cauliflower rice instead of normal vinegared sushi rice for an extra ¥50 so if you 're worried about the carbs that come with rice , opt for the healthy alternative .
You 've got to hand it to Gonpachi , their hand rolls are delicious . So if you 're craving some light and casual sushi , why not grab a temaki ?
Show this and get ONE free nori-temaki !
Conditions :
The free temaki filling will be “ Today 's Special ”
One ticket applies to all in a group
Each ticket can only be used once per visit
Offer valid until June 6 , 2018
1F Co-op Olympia , 6-35-3 Jingumae , Shibuya-ku , Tokyo
Tel : 03-5962-7995
11am to 10pm
Free-to-play games often look appealing , but it 's difficult to know at a glance whether the business model is insidious and fun ruining , or reasonable and worth pumping a few bucks into . With Freemium Field Test , we 'll take a recent free-to-play iOS game , put it through its paces , and let you know if it 's really worth your time ( and money ) .
There were plenty of endless arcade-style games before Crossy Road , but Hipster Whale 's game was so wildly fun , so vibrantly styled , and so pure and friendly in its freemium approach that it seemed to create a whole new genre of descendants .
Flipping Legend feels like one of those followers , but its big tweak is right there in the name : rather than hop forward a spot with each tap , you 'll fling either left or right on the grid as you attempt to smash enemies , avoid deadly hazards , and collect coins as you try to stay alive . It 's fast and frenzied , and works really well for quick iPhone play sessions—and while the free-to-play model is a lot different than Crossy Road 's , it 's not harsh at all .
The pitch
Noodlecake 's game tasks you with flipping , of course—flipping as frequently as you can . Once you start moving ahead , your life meter starts ticking down , and it 's only replenished when you kill enemies , grab one of the rare hearts scattered around the terrain , or enter a new land .
Macworld Bound back and forth and bash some baddies in the process .
Flipping Legend has a pretty familiar pixelated voxel look , but its approach to movement feels very unique in this space . The entire game takes place on a three-lane grid , but you can never move directly forward : you must either tap right or left to head one space ahead and over in that direction . In other words , you 'll keep bouncing back and forth and back and forth , plus you can bounce off-screen in one direction and wind up on the other side .
And you 'll rarely find safe passage in these worlds . Depending on which themed land you 're in , you 'll find spots that contain deadly spikes , endless pits , sizzling lava , or perhaps barrels flung by an enemy a couple spots down the lane . In other words , not only do you need to move fast to stay alive in Flipping Legend , giving your diminishing life bar , but you also need to move precisely if you 're going to stay alive long enough for your bar to even get near the bottom .
Macworld Each new area brings its own threats and hazards to face .
Luckily , you 'll have a couple of bonus abilities to tap into along the way , depending on which kind of character you choose—such as an archer , ninja , or warlock . One move might flip you back a single spot , giving you the opportunity to reorient yourself around nearby obstacles , while a larger attack can clear a bit of space ahead for you to do your flippin ' thing and try to set the farthest distance you can with your run .
The catch
Of course , upgrades can help you last longer and longer—but you 'll have to earn them . Flipping Legend only has a few in-app purchase options , and none of them feel like they 're obvious pay-to-win benefits . For the most part , they 're small perks that can enhance your play sessions or give you more coins to spend on portals that let you skip ahead and start at farther-away lands .
But Flipping Legend does n't have any kind of energy meter , nor does it let you continue a failed run—not under any circumstances . You ca n't pay for a revival when you fall , which is a nice change of pace . That seems like a really obvious monetization opportunity , but Noodlecake wisely dodged it here to keep the game 's challenge fully intact .
Macworld You can pay for a stack of treasure chests , but you still have to gradually earn skill points for enhancement unlocks .
Unlocking new skills can help you survive for greater stretches , with the option to carry an additional death-avoiding shield , for example , or boost your abilities—but you 'll have to earn skill points via play . Those ca n't be purchased with real or in-game money , although treasure chests may include time-limited experience boosts that help you level up faster . You may get there sooner , but you still have to play the game .
You 'll find treasure chests while playing , plus you can unlock a free one from the menus every six minutes—but in both cases , you 'll need to watch a video ad to score the loot . You can also purchase bundles of more valuable Legend Chests , ranging from 10 chests for $ 1 to 40 chests for $ 3 , which grant you bundles of coins , those XP boosts , and new character skins . I snagged 40 chests for $ 3 and found that you 're better off opening them gradually over time rather than all at once . The XP boosts can stack for higher benefits , but only to a point ; opening a ton of chests at once is likely to waste some of your hard-earned cash in the process .
Macworld Paying $ 4 eliminates all ads , including the ones that await when unlocking free chests .
In any case , the most valuable in-app purchase here is the ability to pay $ 4 to remove all ads . Besides the chests , video ads pop up automatically here and there after play sessions , and it can seem a bit much at times . But that 's the cost of playing a free game , so it 's totally fair . If you find them obnoxious , pay the $ 4 to make Flipping Legend more of a premium experience .
The verdict
Flipping Legend puts a fun twist on endless action thanks to its unique interactions , frantic speed , and pretty reasonable free-to-play model . It could use a bit of enhancement , though : more variety in the progression through the lands , additional objectives to keep things interesting , or more exciting rewards .
As it is , there 's an enjoyable core here that started feeling a little flat after a few solid days of play , but hopefully we 'll see a lot more stuff added before long . At the very least , it 's a fun free-to-play game that does n't undermine non-paying players , and one that 's worth spending a few bucks on to banish the frequent ads .
WOODBRIDGE , Va. ( AP ) — Washington Nationals right-hander Stephen Strasburg struck out five and allowed three hits and one walk in a rehab start for the Class A Potomac Nationals .
Facing the Salem Red Sox , Strasburg showcased good command of his fastball and good movement on his curveball as he allowed one earned run .
The plan was for Strasburg to throw about 75 pitches in five innings .
Strasburg has been on the disabled list with a nerve impingement in his right elbow since July 27 . He left two innings into his last start on July 23 at Arizona and has been working to get back since .
The 29-year-old is 10-3 with a 3.25 ERA and 141 strikeouts in 20 games this season .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Buyouts coming to your agency ? Senior Correspondent Mike Causey tells you what you need to know before you go .
The Chinese government hopes that all countries interested in settling the North Korean nuclear issue would carefully examine Moscow and Beijing 's joint proposals on the issue , the Chinese Foreign Ministry 's spokeswoman , Hua Chunying , said Monday.In early July , the Russian and Chinese foreign ministries issued a joint statement regarding tension on the Korean Peninsula , suggesting that the issue be settled by Pyongyang declaring a moratorium on nuclear tests , while South Korea and the United States at the same time refrain from military drills in the region . Furthermore , the statement stressed that the parties should start negotiations and approve common principles of relations , including non-use of force and intentions to make efforts for denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula.According to the spokeswoman , the Chinese government calls on the all involved sides to focus their efforts on resuming the negotiation process and searching for political ways to solve the crisis on the Korean Peninsula.The tensions surrounding North Korea have been high over recent months and have escalated further following the tightening of economic sanctions against North Korea by the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) on August 5 , in response to Pyongyang 's July launches of ballistic missiles.The move prompted harsh criticism from Pyongyang , which subsequently vowed to use any means possible to retaliate against the United States after the UNSC approved the new US-drafted sanctions . US President Donald Trump , in turn , warned that if North Korea continued making threats or possible actions that they would be met with `` fire and fury '' from the United States . Following the statement , Pyongyang said it had considered an attack near the Pacific island of Guam , where several US military bases are located .
NEW YORK : The Bangladeshi suspect in Monday 's pipe bomb explosion beneath New York 's Times Square is an angry former limousine driver who learned to build a bomb on the internet at his Brooklyn apartment , officials said .
Akayed Ullah , 27 , was in police custody after he was injured by a pipe bomb he fastened to his torso with Velcro and zip ties . Three other people were also hurt in the blast in a pedestrian tunnel linking two subway stops beneath West 42nd Street , officials said .
One neighbor in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Windsor Terrace said she had not seen him in months but described his home as quiet and observant in religious customs . She saw no evidence of extremism .
“ They 're really nice people . This is shocking , ” said the neighbor , Arlene Jograj , a teacher who had greeted Ullah in passing . “ We all know each other . We have block parties . I 've been over there for dinner parties after Ramadan . We 're a really tight-knit street , ” she said .
Ullah came from the southeastern Bangladeshi district of Chittagong and last visited the country on Sept. 8 , Inspector General of Police A K M Shahidul Hoque told Reuters on Monday .
He had no criminal record in Bangladesh , Hoque said .
Several U.S. officials familiar with the investigation told Reuters there was no information indicating Ullah was previously known to any U.S. spy or law enforcement agency for any connection to militant groups . But that does not rule out the possibility some connection could be found .
Ullah arrived in the United States seven years ago on a family visa , one authoritative U.S. source said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
U.S. investigators believe he was self-radicalized after entering the United States , most likely by watching militant propaganda on the internet , the officials said , adding that they were unaware of any specific militant video that might have led him to produce his faulty explosive device .
From March 2012 through March 2015 , he held a license to drive a limousine or black cab as an independent contractor , the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission said in a statement .
New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo called the suspect a “ lone wolf , ” similar to the suspect in the most recent attack in New York , when an Uzbek immigrant driving a rented truck ran over people on a bicycle path on Oct. 31 , killing eight .
Each acted alone , inspired by jihadist groups such as Islamic State , Cuomo said .
“ Both of them went on the web , downloaded information , ” Cuomo said of the two suspects , adding that Ullah learned to make a bomb online .
“ They 're not people who come from overseas . They live here . They 're disgruntled , ” said Cuomo , who went to the scene of the crime where he met with investigators .
Ullah was influenced by violent Islamist extremists and was “ angry , ” Cuomo said . This could have been for any number of reasons , whether because of U.S. policy abroad or his lot in life at home , he said .
New York police shut down an entire block of row houses in Windsor Terrace , deploying a large show of force with at least one helicopter flying overhead . It was not clear if the neighborhood was Ullah 's most recent address .
Neighbors called it a diverse , family-oriented neighborhood of longstanding white families of Italian and Polish descent with more recent Chinese , Indian and Bangladeshi arrivals
“ This is a great neighborhood . It 's very family oriented , very safe , ” Jorgraj said . “ This does n't change my opinion of the neighborhood at all . This is just the state of the world we live in now . ”
When Volkswagen unveiled the facelifted Golf R for Europe at the end of 2016 , the hot hatch 's 2.0-liter engine gained an extra 10 horsepower for a grand total of 306 hp . Fast forward to present day , you can kiss that power bump goodbye as the range-topping Golf is losing the extra muscle on the old continent . It 's happening so that VW will still be able to sell the R once the new Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure will come into effect from September .
Find out preliminary details about the next-gen Golf R : 2020 VW Golf R Rumored To Have 400 Horsepower
If it sounds familiar , it 's because it was only a few days ago when the Leon Cupra 300 was renamed Leon Cupra 290 to reflect an identical loss of power , but only for the hatchback , with the ST wagon to solider on with the full power . It 's unclear at this point whether both body styles of the Golf R will suffer the 10 horsepower drop , but VW has told Autocar the change is going to affect cars already on order . The company will get in touch with customers to tell them the bad news .
Speaking with the British magazine , a VW spokesperson said the following :
“ In the context of new homologations , there are adaptions for the exhaust gas treatment and for the power output . From now on , all Golf R models will feature a 300PS [ 296bhp ] engine . ”
In the U.K. at least , the Golf R lineup has been reduced to the hatchback and it 's only available with the dual-clutch automatic transmission as a consequence of low demand for the wagon and the manual gearbox .
As you may recall , VW canceled the R400 a couple of years ago and it 's highly unlikely it will come back in production guise , even though a mysterious Golf R prototype was seen last September with oval exhaust tips .
Featuring a mild hybrid system , the eighth-generation Golf has already been confirmed to enter production in June 2019 , which could mean an official reveal will take place in the first half of next year .
Source : Autocar
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
Kickoff Returns
Through games of Dec. 09
G No KRYd Avg Pollard , Memphs 12 19 806 42.4 Reed , Kan.St 10 15 530 35.3 Hughes , UCF 12 16 545 34.1 Jones , Troy 12 24 789 32.9 Green , LaMnro 12 27 876 32.4 Davis , Marsh 12 17 525 30.9 Penny , SDSt 12 15 459 30.6 Harper , ODU 12 24 698 29.1 Reed , Va . 11 26 743 28.6 Barkley , PennSt 12 15 426 28.4 Warren , Ark 12 29 765 26.4 Pringle , Kan.St 11 14 369 26.4 Ratliff-W , UNC 12 34 895 26.3 Phillips , W.Mich 12 26 683 26.3 Jones , So.Cal 13 26 682 26.2 Lewis , App.St 12 22 575 26.1 Johnson , Ariz 12 23 599 26.0 Scarlett , Stan . 13 34 884 26.0 Wilson , Boise 13 18 465 25.8 Brooks-Ja , Oregon 11 14 360 25.7 Simms , W.Va . 11 27 692 25.6 Huntley , N.M.St 11 17 433 25.5 Smith , Ga.St . 11 16 407 25.4 Juniel , UTEP 12 21 533 25.4 Leday , Houstn 10 21 526 25.0 Jones , Miss . 12 31 775 25.0 Spielman , Neb . 11 27 669 24.8 Beebe , NIU 9 12 297 24.8 Whyte , Fla.At 13 23 568 24.7 Wilcox Jr , BGreen 12 21 517 24.6 Wilson , Duke 12 24 590 24.6 Riley , Syr . 12 29 710 24.5 Chandler , Tenn . 12 17 416 24.5 Dunner , BallSt 12 29 709 24.4 Johnson , Md . 12 27 657 24.3 Walker , BC 12 31 754 24.3 Calais , La.Laf 12 30 715 23.8 Wakefield , Vandy 11 22 524 23.8 Clark , ColoSt 11 18 427 23.7 Lilly , N.Mex . 12 31 731 23.6 Johnson , Toledo 13 28 659 23.5 Henley , Nevada 12 19 439 23.1 Warren II , Cincy 12 19 439 23.1 Bowden Jr , Ky 12 35 807 23.1 Kirk , TexA & M 12 21 480 22.9 Haden , UAB 12 16 365 22.8 Akers , IowaSt 9 11 250 22.7 Sanders , NDame 12 28 633 22.6 Lemons , Fla . 9 14 315 22.5 Schadler , Kansas 12 25 562 22.5 Hines , N.C.St 12 21 469 22.3 Jones , Temple 12 27 599 22.2 Holmes , UCLA 12 30 664 22.1 Igbinoghe , Auburn 13 18 397 22.1 Campbell , Ga.So . 12 36 790 21.9 Zigler , SnJose 13 16 351 21.9 Scarver , UtahSt 12 24 526 21.9 Thomas , MiaFla 12 30 654 21.8 Rountree , Mo . 12 21 457 21.8 Montgomer , Chrlot 12 37 802 21.7 Echols-Lu , W.Ky 10 18 390 21.7 Badie , Tulane 12 22 476 21.6 Etienne , Clem 12 15 324 21.6 Ballage , ArizSt 12 19 410 21.6 Brown , E.Caro 12 21 452 21.5 Kelly-Mar , Iowa 12 19 404 21.3 Davis , Cal 12 39 826 21.2 Johnson , SMU 10 12 253 21.1 Leake , Md . 9 13 274 21.1 Heyward , MichSt 11 18 379 21.1 Sutton , Okla . 12 19 400 21.1 Blackmon , Colo 12 15 315 21.0 Henderson , Pitt . 12 25 524 21.0 Walker , Army 11 24 501 20.9 Skanes , UConn 12 26 540 20.8 Clair , BGreen 11 16 330 20.6 Ewaliko , Hawaii 12 36 742 20.6 Bester , Mia.Oh 10 16 327 20.4 Cottrell , GaTech 11 23 470 20.4 Stokes , Tulsa 9 26 527 20.3 Johnson , N.Tex 13 18 364 20.2 Thomas , Mich . 12 18 362 20.1 Pierce , Ore.St 12 27 540 20.0 Edwards , Akron 13 19 375 19.7 O'Neal , Fresno 12 18 354 19.7 Trammell , Rice 12 17 332 19.5 Trinnaman , BYU 13 17 332 19.5 Osborn , Bufalo 12 16 310 19.4 Daniels , S.Miss 10 13 249 19.2 Williams , Ind . 12 28 523 18.7 West , SMU 11 18 335 18.6 Price , KentSt 10 12 223 18.6 McVey , AFA 12 21 390 18.6 Darden , N.Tex 13 16 295 18.4 Britt , UMass 12 15 275 18.3 Knox , Purdue 12 16 288 18.0 Carrigan , KentSt 12 15 265 17.7 Duckworth , Idaho 12 23 404 17.6 Haydel , Tex.St 12 22 382 17.4 Sexton , E.Mich 12 18 312 17.3
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Based on the internationally-acclaimed sci-fi property , “ GHOST IN THE SHELL ” follows Major , a special op , one-of-a-kind human-cyborg hybrid , who leads the elite task force Section 9 . Devoted to stopping the most dangerous criminals and extremists , Section 9 is faced with an enemy whose singular goal is to wipe out Hanka Robotic 's advancements in cyber technology .... Full synopsis »
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Beloved Liz Dawn walked the cobbles of Coronation Street for 34 years as Vera Duckworth .
The much-loved and respected actress was laid to rest today , and it 's no wonder that so many of her former co-stars turned out to pay their respects .
Liz passed away last month at the age of 77 , surrounded by her heartbroken family .
She had been suffering from lung condition emphysema and had undergone heart surgery in June .
Her devoted husband of over 50 years Don Ibbotson and his family said they were “ bereft ” at losing their “ inspiration ” .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Getty )
Their statement read : “ We are devastated and heartbroken at the passing of our much-loved wife , mother , sister , grandmother and great grandmother , the incredible Liz Dawn . ''
Stars of the long-running ITV soap , past and present , went along to her funeral in Manchester 's Salford Cathedral today .
So who was there ?
Georgia Taylor
( Image : PA )
Georgia stars as Toyah Battersby .
She originally appeared from 1997 to 2003 and left the show before returning in 2016 .
Jane Danson
( Image : PA )
Jane plays Leanne Battersby .
She first joined the soap in 1997 , staying until 2000 . She then returned after a four-year absence and has been in the show ever since .
Sally Ann Matthews
( Image : PA )
Sally plays Jenny Bradley and has had three stints in the soap .
She joined in 1986 and starred until 1991 , returning briefly in 1993 .
She returned once more in 2015 and has been in the show ever since .
Shobna Gulati
( Image : PA )
Shobna starred as Sunita Alahan in the soap from 2001 to 2006 .
She then returned in 2009 , leaving for good in 2013 .
Jennie McAlpine
( Image : Getty )
Jennie has played Fiz Brown for a number of years .
She first joined the soap in 2001 as a troublesome foster child .
Antony Cotton
( Image : Getty )
Antony plays Sean Tully .
He has starred in the show since 2003 .
Andy Whyment
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Andy stars as Kirk Sutherland .
He 's been in the show since 2000 .
Ken Morley
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Ken played Reg Holdsworth in Corrie .
He starred in the soap from 1989 to 1995 .
Alison King
( Image : Benjamin Paul / SWNS.com )
Alison starred as Carla Connor from 2006 to 2016 , before leaving the show .
She 'd said in 2015 that she was taking an extended break , but later said it would be permanent . However , it was officially announced in August that she 'd be returning to the show .
Connor McIntyre
( Image : PA )
Connor plays the wicked Pat Phelan .
He joined the show in 2013 and starred until 2014 , later returning in 2016 .
Samia Ghadie
( Image : 136658-5 )
Samia plays Maria Connor .
She 's a long-running cast member , having been in the soap since 2000 .
Richard Hawley
( Image : PA )
Richard portrays Johnny Connor in the soap .
He 's been part of the cast since 2015 .
Bruce Jones
( Image : PA )
Bruce starred for a number of years as Les Battersby .
He joined the soap in 1997 and was there until 2007 .
Chris Gascoyne
( Image : PA )
Chris plays Peter Barlow .
He appeared in the show from 2000 to 2003 and returned in 2007 .
Sally Dynevor and Michael LeVell
( Image : PA )
Sally portrays Sally Webster in the soap , and has done since 1986 .
Michael stars at Kevin Webster , having first joined in 1981 .
Jack P Shepherd
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Jack portrays David Platt .
He joined the soap in 2000 .
Helen Worth
( Image : Benjamin Paul / SWNS.com )
Helen plays David 's mum Gail Platt .
She 's been in the show since 1974 .
David Neilson
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
David plays Roy Cropper .
He joined the show in 1995 .
Nigel Pivaro
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Nigel plays Vera and Jack 's son , Terry Duckworth .
He joined the cast in 1983 , before leaving in 1987 . But he returned on a recurring basis throughout the 1990s and 2000s .
He later came back for a few episodes in 2008 , when his character went to mum Vera 's funeral . He then came back for a couple of months in 2012 .
Weird news stories from around the world… with a healthy dose of LASERS added in . Does it make sense ? No not really , but it does n't HAVE TO… it 's “ Laser Stories ” !
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) — Some St. Louis hotels are losing meetings because of a travel advisory issued by the NAACP over concerns about a state law that rolls back discrimination protections for workers , a local tourism board said Monday , though its counterpart in Kansas City has reported no issues .
Explore St. Louis President Kitty Ratcliffe issued a statement saying several hotels told the agency they had lost meeting groups that were in the midst of contract negotiations . The statement offered no specifics , including how many hotels and meeting were involved .
Agency spokesman Anthony Paraino said the group did n't have permission from hotels or groups to release details .
“ Explore St. Louis fully supports non-discrimination , equal rights and fair and just due process for everyone , regardless of the color of their skin , ” Ratcliffe said . “ However , we are discouraged that the travel industry is being used as a weapon against politicians for their policies . ”
The NAACP cited the new law in an advisory in July . The civil rights organization said the measure could make it tougher to hold people accountable for harassment and discrimination . The advisory also cited a report showing black Missouri drivers last year were 75 percent more likely than whites to be stopped .
The new law makes it more difficult to sue for housing or employment discrimination . It was among several changes to Missouri 's legal system . Missouri 's Republican-led Legislature and Republican Gov . Eric Greitens want to make the state a less favorable climate for lawsuits .
Kansas City , Missouri , has not lost any business due to the ban “ to our knowledge , ” said Derek Klaus , a spokesman for Visit KC .
The Missouri NAACP plans public meetings about the law this week in St. Louis , Kansas City and in Jefferson City .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Andy Rubin , one of the developers of Android is prepping an Android smartphone that is likely called Essential . The smartphone is touted to be a high-end bezel-less smartphone that will compete with the likes of the other premium smartphones in the market .
The Essential Android smartphone has been spotted in the GFXBench database with the model number Essential FIH-PM1 . The benchmark listing shows that this smartphone will arrive with a 5.5-inch display with an unusual resolution of 1312 x 2560 pixels . The display seems to have a unique aspect ration of 80:41 . The benchmark listing also confirms the presence of the Snapdragon 835 SoC under the hood of the smartphone as rumored earlier .
Also Read : Andy Rubin might take on Apple and Google with a new smartphone
The Snapdragon 835 SoC is listed to be coupled with 4GB RAM and Adreno 540 graphics unit . The benchmark listing also shows 16GB of default memory capacity , which is n't on par with the other high-end smartphones that feature at least 64GB storage .
When it comes to the imaging department , the Essential smartphone seems to flaunt a 12MP main camera at its rear and an 8MP selfie camera as well . The rear camera is likely to miss out on the auto focus feature . The listing further shows the presence of NFC and Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box .
Also Read : Andy Rubin 's smartphone with Snapdragon 835 SoC appears on benchmark listing
The Essential smartphone is said to feature some modular features too . The reports regarding this smartphone claim that it might feature a port that will let you attach mods for enhanced usage of the smartphone . Also , the display is touted to have a new technology similar to Apple 's 3D Touch .
Earlier this year , the Essential smartphone was spotted in the Geekbench database confirming the use of the Snapdragon 835 SoC . The speculations claim that this smartphone from Andy Rubin from be released in the third quarter of this year .
Source
DEKALB ENTERTAINMENT COMMISSION AT SXSW FESTIVAL
Winner of “ ChooseATL Tracklanta ” Music Competition Performed at Atlanta House
Commission Staffers Attended Informative Sessions Around Film , Music and Digital Gaming , Bringing Valuable Insights Back to DeKalb
Media Link to Photos/Video : https : //www.dropbox.com/sh/0vs4r8y8orvyop9/AACmRPn11HLhpwY7EvxZwFPFa ? dl=0
Decatur — The DeKalb Entertainment Commission ( DEC ) last week brought R & B singer Cydnei Chyan , the winner of the 2018 “ ChooseATL Tracklanta ” competition , to the South by Southwest ( SXSW ) festival in Austin , TX , to perform at the ChooseATL house . It was a highlight in a week of networking , brand building and education for the Commission .
DEC staffers at SXSW were focused on education , attending a wide range of sessions covering film , music and digital gaming . The event also allowed for networking with influential players in the entertainment industry , such as top players in animation , film production , music production and management , and municipal economic development .
“ We were able to learn from top executives in the entertainment industry and we 're bringing very specific best practices and ideas back to DeKalb , ” said Shelbia Jackson , director of the DeKalb Entertainment Commission . “ Our team also had the opportunity to network with representatives from countries and cities from the U.S. and around the world . There are so many potential partnerships for us to explore and we 'll be implementing many new ideas over the next year . ”
More About the Tracklanta Winner
In addition to her SXSW performance , Chyan received rehearsal time at Atlanta 's Stage Audio Production in preparation for SXSW , and still has a recording session scheduled with Atlanta-based music/audio engineer Bill Zimmerman at Callanwolde 's new recording and mixing studio at the Rick Baker School of Music and Music Recording . Zimmerman works as a freelance engineer and assistant to Phil Tan , where he has assisted on recent projects for Fifth Harmony , Coldplay , Zara Larsson among others .
Listen to Chyan 's Tracklanta musical entry , “ Blu , ” here .
“ It is thrilling to have been chosen for Tracklanta . I have been wanting to perform on the SXSW stage for years so this was literally a dream come true for me , ” said Chyan . “ My music comes from the heart and it 's really the way I express myself — for that to be recognized by ChooseATL , the Dekalb Entertainment Commission and Kawan ‘ KP ' Prather is tremendous . Music is real life for me , so I was excited to help represent Atlanta and share my music and thoughts with the world . ”
Chyan was selected through a review process led by record executive , songwriter and record producer Kawan “ KP ” Prather and his team . Prather , who is currently Head of Music at i am OTHER ( Pharrell Williams ' record label ) , will also provide an A & R evaluation of the her performance .
Upon hearing Chyan 's music application , Prather said , “ … when I heard her song , I forgot for a moment that I was reviewing for a contest . ”
Prather was a member of the first generation Dungeon Family rap group , Parental Advisory ( PA ) , before starting his executive career at Antonio “ L.A. ” Reid 's LaFace Records — Prather later started his own label , Ghet-O-Vision , before joining the team at Island Def Jam . Throughout his career , Prather has worked with the likes of TLC , OutKast , Usher , Goodie Mob , John Legend , Pink , Toni Braxton , YoungBloodZ , T.I. , Khalil and more .
About Cydnei Chyan
23-year-old Cydnei Chyan is a singer/songwriter born in Indianapolis , Indiana and raised in Atlanta . She has made a point to fuse the walks of life and experiences from both places in her music . Chyan 's melodic stories and soulful tone has formed into her own sound , and her soulful tone will grab you from the beginning and carry you to the end . Hip hop has been a big influence on her , and she has always loved and admired how honest Rappers reflect themselves in music . As a result , she strives to achieve the same . Chyan 's most recent release , “ The BluEP ” is a deeper portrayal into her life . ( more )
The Prizes
Cydnei Chyan was selected by Prather and his team . As the winner , she :
Received advance rehearsal time at Stage Audio Production for the SXSW performance
Performed at the ChooseATL House during SXSW
Will receive one recording session with Bill Zimmerman at Callanwolde 's new Recording and Mixing Studio at the Rick Baker School of Music and Music Recording
* * *
SXSW Photos/Videos : https : //www.dropbox.com/sh/0vs4r8y8orvyop9/AACmRPn11HLhpwY7EvxZwFPFa ? dl=0
Listen to Cydnei Chyan on Soundcloud or iTunes
Watch Cydnei Chyan on YouTube
* * *
About the DeKalb Entertainment Commission
The DeKalb Entertainment Commission offers businesses in Georgia 's fast-growing entertainment industry access to a collaborative , supportive infrastructure which stimulates the growth and success of creative ventures in film , television , music and digital entertainment .
The Commission is the primary driving force attracting and expanding businesses supporting the film , television , music and digital entertainment industry in DeKalb County . To help DeKalb businesses thrive , it is building a supportive , collaborative infrastructure .
DeKalb County is home to 13 cities and 20 unincorporated communities the Commission works with to advance , strengthen and support their participation in the entertainment industry .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
On March 16 , the adventure begins . Alicia Vikander is Lara Croft in # TombRaider . pic.twitter.com/wkypUgtvwD — Tomb Raider ( @ TombRaiderMovie ) December 10 , 2017
The fate of humanity rests in her hands . Alicia Vikander is Lara Croft Tomb Raider . Lara Croft , the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer , must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared .
The movie stars Alicia Vikander , Dominic West , Walton Goggins , Daniel Wu , Nick Frost and Kristin Scott Thomas . You can expect to catch up with all of the action in March next year !
# laracroft # tombraider # laracrofttombraider # adventurer # icons # tombraidermovie # tombraidergame # tombraiderposter # movieposter # tombraidermovieposter # artwork # design # artifacts
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A & E waiting targets have been axed after NHS chiefs said Tory cuts make them impossible to keep .
The drive to see 95 % of patients within four hours is postponed until next April .
But the NHS Confederation warned : “ It will be an immense task just to stabilise the service . We repeat our call for the Government to tackle health funding . ”
NHS Providers director Saffron Cordery added : “ This is the first time we have had to accept that the NHS will not meet its key constitutional standards .
( Image : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ The NHS will not be able to improve performance against those targets . If we want to provide quality of care , we need the right long term financial settlement . ”
Labour 's Jonathan Ashworth said : “ The fact bosses are admitting the A & E target wo n't be met for over a year is the clearest admission the Tories have failed to give the NHS the funding it needs . ”
The 95 % target has not been met since 2015 .
A NHS England planning document released today instructed hospitals to attempt get up to 90 % by September 2018 and back to the benchmark of 95 % in April next year .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
It said : “ Contract sanctions for performance standards are currently suspended . We propose to extend this until April 2019 . ”
It will inject £540million into A & Es if they meet targets to improve .
NHS England boss Simon Stevens last year warned waiting times would be scrapped due to funding .
In the Budget , the Tories gave only £1.6billion of the £4billion extra needed .
The Department of Health and Social Care insisted it is “ committed to giving it the NHS the resources it needs ” .
Paul Pogba shows off his control and passing ability
Dead rat thrown on pitch during derby in Denmark
A look at Harry Redknapp 's career so far
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
Carlo Ancelotti says Bavaria must be 'perfect ' to
Players to watch in the FA Youth Cup final
Anthony Joshua appears in brilliant film about hi
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Paul Pogba has stormed to the top of the Premier League 's pass completion table - taking the mantle from Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson .
The Manchester United star has completed a staggering 2,071 passes this season , 14 more than previous leader Henderson .
The stats table was updated after the Red Devils ' 2-0 win over Chelsea at Old Trafford , in which he played the full 90 minutes and made 61 passes .
Meanwhile Henderson did not feature in Liverpool 's 1-0 win over West Brom at the Hawthorns as he is currently out with a foot problem .
( Photo : AFP )
The England midfielder is joined in the top ten list by Reds teammate James Milner , who has completed 1,849 passes this season and is currently sixth .
While Man United 's Ander Herrera , who has found a teammate 1,853 times , is currently fifth , just behind Chelsea duo N'Golo Kante in fourth and Cesar Azpilicueta in third .
The other stars include David Silva in seventh , Granit Xhaka eighth , Fernandinho ninth , and Christian Eriksen tenth , according to the Premier League stats centre .
( Photo : Reuters / Darren Staples )
Pogba , who cost Man United a record-breaking £90million in the summer , has at times received criticism for failing to deliver this season .
The France international recently hit out at his critics , saying : `` People judge me for not scoring goals but that 's football .
( Photo : Manchester Evening News )
`` The transfer is something else , on the pitch is something else . I am doing a job , I 'm a midfield player and sometimes people think I 'm an attacking player .
`` When I am on the pitch I am serious and I want to win . ''
The list of proscribed and heavily censored Indian films is long . Looking back on the list , it is a miracle that some of these productions were released at all . Exhibit A : Girish Karnad 's Utsav ( 1984 ) , featuring hot-and-heavy lovemaking , the previously unreported story of the making of the Kama Sutra , and a general attitude towards sex as a life force rather than a physical necessity .
Karnad 's sex-and-sensibility romp is set in an indeterminate period in the distant past , which comes off as a better place to be in than 1980s India or even the present . The Hindutva hordes with distorted and fake views on Indian history had not yet infiltrated the public sphere , and Karnad got away with a few cuts and an adult certificate .
Utsav was entirely possibly because of the munificence of its producer , Shashi Kapoor . The numerous tributes to Kapoor , who died on December 4 , have remarked on the complexity and diversity of his career – his roles in Indian and international films , and his short-lived but fruitful stint as a punter on difficult themes .
All but one of the six films produced by Kapoor – 36 Chowringhee Lane , Junoon , Kalyug , Vijeta , Utsav , Ajooba – are a testament to his taste and vision . Utsav was a commercial failure , but its reputation holds among lovers of films that celebrate sensuality , beauty and tolerance in grown-up ways .
Girish Karnad 's Utsav ( 1984 ) .
The movie is based on the plays Charudatta by Bhasa and Mrichakatika by Sudhraka , and involves missing pieces of jewellery , a rebellion against the king , and various lovers trying to go about their business untrammeled . Written by Karnad and Srikant Basrur with tongue-in-cheek dialogue by Sharad Joshi , Utsav has a fabulous ensemble cast led by Rekha , who has never been more beautiful or regal . She plays the famed courtesan Vasantsena , who seeks shelter with Charudutt ( Shekhar Suman ) one night while trying to escape the guards of the lecherous nobleman Samsthanka ( Shashi Kapoor ) .
Charudutt crumbles before Vasantsena 's beauty . Since his wife Aditi ( Anuradha Patel ) and son are away , he helps Vasantsena divest herself of the jewellery that holds her robes together . “ Thoda kasht karenga , ” she asks Charudutt , and with trembling hands , he obliges .
Other hilarious moments include Amjad Khan as Vatsayana , who peeks into the rooms of Vasantsena 's pleasure palace to research new positions for the sexual manual that he is working on , Sajjal ( Shankar Nag ) and Madanika ( Neena Gupta ) as a randy couple , and Shashi Kapoor with a ludicrous moustache , a prosthetic nose , and the good humour to be the movie 's villain .
Charudutt 's wife Aditi is disheartened when she finds out about Vasantsena , but her anger melts when she finally meets her . Laxmikant-Pyarelal 's soundtrack includes two versions of a single tune ( Saanjh Dhale , sung by Suresh Wadkar , and Neelam Be Nabh Chayee , sung by Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle ) , and the wondrous Mann Kyun Behka . Gorgeously shot in shades of black and amber by Ashok Mehta , Mann Kyun Behka is a duet between Mangeshkar and Bhosle that plays off on the different personalities of the singers as well as the actresses . Mangeshkar sings for Vasantsena , the older and wiser woman , while Bhosle lends her more youthful and playful voice to the innocent and curious Aditi .
Play Mann Kyu Behka , Utsav ( 1984 ) .
Further sisterhood is implied as the women forge a bond over baubles and the love of a good tune . Aditi helps Vasantsena wear her gold ornaments , and in the later part of the song , Vasantsena literally and symbolically transfers them to Aditi . United by their love for Charudutt , the two women resemble siblings – Patel 's resemblance to Rekha surely earned her the part – and their mutual admiration eventually helps save Charudutt from death .
Vasantsena 's tutelage helps Aditi in other ways . It is suggested that Charudutt becomes a better lover after learning at the feet of the courtesan ( literally so : he nibbles her toes ) . In her erotic movie Kama Sutra : A Tale of Love ( 1996 ) , Mira Nair cleverly paid tribute to Rekha 's character from Utsav by casting her as Rasa Devi , an expert in the erotic arts .
The founder and former head of the sprawling Chinese insurance group that owns New York 's famed Waldorf Astoria Hotel is appealing his sentence of 18 years in prison for fraud .
A lawyer for Wu Xiaohui told The Associated Press on Wednesday that his client would seek to have the charges against him dismissed .
Lawyer Chen Youxi said the charges were not supported by evidence , but declined to provide further information .
Prior to Wu 's sentencing earlier this month , his Anbang Insurance Group acquired a vast range of global assets and discussed possibly investing in a Manhattan skyscraper owned by the family of U.S. President Donald Trump 's son-in-law and adviser , Jared Kushner . Those talks ended last year with no deal .
The Shanghai No . 1 Intermediate People 's Court said Wu pleaded guilty at trial to fraudulently raising billions of dollars from investors .
The court also ordered the confiscation of 10.5 billion yuan ( $ 1.6 billion ) in assets from Wu , who founded privately-owned Anbang in 2004 .
Wu was accused of misleading investors and diverting money for his own use . He was detained last year and regulators seized control of Anbang in February . He was shown on state TV in March admitting guilt .
Wu initially had denied his guilt at his one-day trial , according to a court statement .
Court documents quoted by state media said Wu concealed his ownership of shares in companies controlled by Anbang , filed false statements with financial authorities and lured investors by offering a rate of return above that offered elsewhere . Much of the business relied on selling insurance products to raise investment capital .
They said he used more than 100 companies under his control to manage funds and used his position to misappropriate 10 billion yuan ( $ 1.5 billion ) in Anbang 's deposits .
© The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
Fresh insight into how the immune system keeps itself in check could lead to new ways of fighting chronic lung disease .
New findings could open avenues of research for tackling damage caused by cells that overreact to infection .
Scientists from the University of Edinburgh studied immune cells known as neutrophils , which fight bacteria and help to cause inflammation , a normal biological response to wounds or infection that is recognisable by redness and swelling .
They found that when neutrophils lose a certain oxygen-sensing protein , the cells become overactive and respond excessively to infection in a harmful way .
Studies in mice found that by preventing the cells from using sugar , this effect could be reversed .
Studying the effects of oxygen-sensing proteins in immune cells is especially relevant for patients who often have low levels of oxygen in their body and chronic lung inflammation .
The study , funded by the Wellcome Trust , is published in the Journal of Clinical Immunology .
Professor Sarah Walmsley , of the MRC Centre for Inflammation Research , said : `` This finding demonstrates the therapeutic potential of targeting how neutrophils use glucose in the treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases . As many of these diseases have no effective treatment , future studies examining the role of glucose in regulating neutrophils and inflammation are critical . ''
# # #
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Apple 's iPhone 8 could come in a striking copper colour known as `` blush gold '' , if new leaked photos are to be believed .
The pictures , shared on Twitter by prolific leaker Benjamin Geskin , allegedly come straight from Chinese iPhone manufacturer Foxconn .
They show the widely-rumoured full-screen display , dual-lens camera and elongated power button on the side of the device , as well as the absence of a physical Home button .
According to Geskin , the new device will come in two storage options - 64GB and 128GB .
( Image : Twitter/VenyaGeskin1 )
The pictures provide more evidence that Apple is planning to replace its `` rose gold '' colour variant with a more rusty , copper-like colour . The name `` blush gold '' is what Foxconn staff are using internally , according to Geskin .
Last week , pictures shared on popular Chinese microblogging site Weibo showed what appears to be Apple 's forthcoming iPhone 8 in three colours - white , jet black and a new colour , described then as a `` champagne gold '' .
Chinese website MyDrivers , which first shared the images , said the gold option was `` closer to copper '' in colour .
( Image : Mac Rumors )
It is not clear whether the devices pictured were taken directly from the supply chain , or if they are dummy models made by non-Apple suppliers based on recent rumours .
However , KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo , who has a track record of leaking accurate information on Apple products , said last month that the iPhone 8 would be available in fewer colour options than the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus , which are expected to launch alongside the iPhone 8 in September .
( Image : Mac Rumors )
This is because Apple wants to maintain the iPhone 8 's `` boutique image '' , according to MacRumours .
The leak comes after software engineers spotted some clues about the forthcoming iPhone 8 's features in the code for one of Apple 's other gadgets .
The HomePod speaker is Apple 's version of the Amazon Echo or Google Home and is set to be launched in December 2017 .
( Image : Apple )
As the speaker needs to work seamlessly with Apple 's new phones , the firmware code contains references to some upcoming features that Apple fans can expect to see .
Revealed on Twitter by developer Steve Troughton-Smith it appears the next iPhone will include an infrared camera that could be used to scan your face , even in the dark .
It 's likely this technology will be included so users can unlock the phone just by looking at it - in a similar way to Samsung 's Galaxy S8 smartphone .
( Image : iDrop news )
Another developer called Guilherme Rambo stumbled across an image supposedly showing the outline of the new iPhone in the HomePod code .
The blue diagram shows a bezel-free iPhone outline that appears to confirm rumours that the iPhone 8 will have an edge-to-edge display .
Meanwhile , American vlogger Marques Brownlee has got his hands on a mock-up of the iPhone 8 based on the latest leaks , which offers a glimpse of that the new device could look like .
You can see him talk through the rumoured features of the new iPhone here :
Kathy Bystrom , Fairview north region community health manager , fits a bike helmet on a participant at the July 18 Chisago Lakes Safety Camp .
Photo supplied
On July 18 , Fairview Lakes Medical Center partnered with the Lakes Area Police Department and the Chisago County Sheriff 's Office at the Chisago Lakes Safety Camp to provide bike safety education .
At the event , Fairview Lakes staff and volunteers distributed Fairview-provided bike helmets to children and inspected helmets to ensure a proper fit . The children learned bicycle safety skills and received a free bike inspection from the law enforcement agencies .
“ Fairview has been proud to partner with local law enforcement agencies for more than 20 years to supply thousands of bike helmets to children in the area , ” said Kathy Bystrom , Fairview community health manager . “ Head injuries are largely preventable with the appropriate headwear—we want to ensure that every child in the communities we serve has a properly fitted helmet . ”
The long-standing partnership has been instrumental in promoting bike safety in the Lakes area .
“ Kids are an underserved population when it comes to safety education , ” said Lakes Area Police Chief Bill Schlumbohm . “ These outreach opportunities are a chance for us to present the information to them at their level . When kids hear about the importance of safety from multiple sources—police , fire and the local hospital—and see the commitment of the partners , they are more likely to listen . We can reach the kids before something bad happens and we have to respond to an emergency situation . ”
Fairview also distributes individual helmets on an as-needed basis through law enforcement , school staff or local public health departments who see children without them .
“ Deputies have enjoyed distributing Fairview-provided bike helmets and promoting bike safety all while building a relationship with the kids in our community , ” said Sheriff Rick Duncan , Chisago County Sheriff 's Office . “ This is a partnership that the sheriff 's office takes pride in—any time law enforcement can be a part of the community is a plus . ”
HAMILTON , Ohio ( AP ) - An Ohio teenager who pleaded guilty to fatally shooting her father has been sentenced to juvenile prison until she 's 21 .
The 15-year-old was sentenced on Monday in Butler County Juvenile Court . She pleaded guilty last month to a murder charge . She originally was charged with aggravated murder .
Authorities say the teen loaded a handgun and shot her 71-year-old father in the face in February 2017 at the family 's home in Hamilton , roughly 30 miles ( 48 kilometers ) north of Cincinnati . Authorities say she told 911 dispatchers that she shot him .
Her attorney says the girl accepts responsibility . A motive has n't been offered .
The judge says the teen could serve several years to life in adult prison if she does n't behave in juvenile prison .
The Associated Press generally does n't name juveniles charged with crimes .
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
HOSPITALITY equipment funding business Silver Chef has announced former MasterChef contestant Matt Sinclair as its social media ambassador , launching a video series that will follow his journey as a hospitality business owner .
In coming months , the Noosa chef will talk of the pleasures and pains of cooking , the hospitality industry , operating his successful food truck Ten Piece Cutlery , and making the move into a restaurant , helping motivate other aspiring chefs and home cooks to take the leap of faith themselves .
`` I 'm really excited to be working with Silver Chef - they 've been helping me now since September 2016 so I know first-hand just how much they assist you in every step of setting up your business , ” Matt said .
`` There are so many awesome initiatives in store and I ca n't wait to share them with my followers .
`` I 've always said that you can either build your own dreams or be hired by someone else to build theirs , so hopefully through working with Silver Chef I can encourage aspiring business owners to take the chance . ”
Silver Chef CEO Damien Guivarra said the decision to choose Matt as the company 's social media ambassador was an easy one given his undying love for the industry .
`` We identified Matt as someone who aligns closely to the Silver Chef brand , due to his profile in hospitality as well as his customer journey , having recently opened his first business and now about to venture into his second , ” he said .
`` Matt will be able to share an invaluable insight with our audience , particularly when it comes to getting their hospitality business off the ground and sharing the secrets of what not to do , which will enable us to help similar businesses succeed .
`` Engaging Matt as social media ambassador is a first for Silver Chef and we 're looking forward to working with him and sharing his story from being an aspiring chef turned reality star , and now successful business owner . ”
Matt is also an ambassador for Noosa Tourism , and has plans to open a restaurant at Sunshine Beach later this year .
Just in case there was any lingering doubt about it , GoPro has confirmed that the Karma drone will be its first and last attempt to make a magnificent flying machine – the company is getting out of the drone business and putting the focus back on its action cameras .
`` Although Karma reached the number two market position in its price band in 2017 , the product faces margin challenges in an extremely competitive aerial market , '' said GoPro in an earnings report . `` Furthermore , a hostile regulatory environment in Europe and the United States will likely reduce the total addressable market in the years ahead . ''
To put it another way , it 's hard to make money selling drones , especially when the pool of people looking to buy one is relatively small , and the authorities do n't really like them . GoPro says it will quit making drones once the Karma inventory is sold , but will provide service and support to those customers who 've already bought one .
Not flying so high
Oh what high hopes we had for the Karma when it launched back in October 2016 . It was actually a very decent bit of kit , but hardware faults and recalls had an impact on sales , as did the fact that GoPro was taking on bigger players who had been in the drone business for a lot longer .
Rumors of staff layoffs and a change in direction first appeared before the weekend , but now GoPro has made it official . Employee numbers will shrink by several hundred , as the company aims for a `` sharper focus '' in 2018 .
Today 's report does promise some new products coming down the pipe , though it admits that demand for the Hero5 Black camera has been `` soft '' . Sales of the more powerful Hero6 Black model were `` as expected '' , but GoPro warned investors that it had made less money over Christmas than it had predicted .
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
This article is sponsored by Rocky Gorge Animal Hospital
By Dr. Steven Wolchinsky
When a pet medical emergency occurs , pet parents may find it difficult to make rational decisions , especially if something happens in the middle of the night . Unfortunately , accidents do happen and because time is always of the essence in these situations , it 's crucial to have a plan in place before an emergency occurs . After all , you do n't want to find yourself asking advice from Google or Siri in a moment of crisis . Here are 5 tips to follow that may save your pet in an emergency .
Locate a 24-hour Emergency Hospital Near Your Home
Talk to your veterinarian about an emergency protocol . Does your vet provide 24-hour service or do they work with an emergency care facility in the area ? Some practices have multiple veterinarians on staff who rotate on-call services after hours . Check to see if your primary care vet has partners who might answer an emergency call . It 's also a smart idea to keep the name , number and address of your local emergency care facility tacked to the refrigerator or stored in your cell phone for easy access .
Be Aware of the Signs
Pets may need emergency care because of severe trauma—caused by an accident or fall—choking , heatstroke , an insect sting , household poisoning or other life-threatening situation . If you suspect your pet is undergoing an emergency , consider their visible symptoms . If your pet is experiencing any of the following symptoms , they should be treated immediately :
Pale gums
Rapid breathing
Weak or rapid pulse
Change in body temperature
Difficulty standing or apparent paralysis
Loss of consciousness
Seizures
Excessive bleeding
Excessive vomiting or diarrhea
Inability to urinate or defecate
In some instances it 's fair to think that an incident is treatable without a visit to a vet or emergency care facility , but it 's better to be on the safe side and take your pet to be examined as soon as possible . The exam fee is a small price to pay for the peace of mind you will get after the visit .
Transport Your Pet with Care
If your pet is in an emergency situation , it 's important to transport them safely to the closest emergency care facility . But beware ; pets who are severely injured may act aggressively toward their pet parents , so it 's important to first protect yourself from injury .
For dogs : Approach your dog slowly and calmly ; kneel down and say their name . If the dog shows aggression , call for help . If they 're passive , fashion a makeshift stretcher made out of some rigid material such as an appropriate sized , sturdy piece of wood and gently lift them onto it . Take care to support their neck and back in case they 've suffered any spinal injuries .
For cats : Gently place a blanket or towel over the cat 's head to prevent biting ; then slowly lift the cat and place them in an open-topped carrier or box . Take care to support the cat 's head and avoid twisting their neck in case they 've suffered a spinal injury .
Once you feel confident and safe transporting your pet , immediately bring them to an emergency care facility . Be sure to call the emergency center when you 're on your way so they can prepare for your arrival . Explain what has happened and follow the specific advice given .
Be Familiar with At Home First Aid Treatments
Most emergencies require immediate veterinary care , but first aid methods may help you stabilize your pet for transportation .
If your pet is suffering from external bleeding due to trauma , try elevating and applying pressure to the wound .
If your pet is choking , place your fingers in his mouth to see if you can remove the blockage . Only insert your fingers into your pet 's mouth if you believe you can remove the item safely without being bitten .
If you 're unable to remove the foreign object , perform a modified Heimlich maneuver by giving a sharp rap to their chest , which should dislodge the object .
It 's also a great idea to create a first aid kit for your pet . Carefully putting together a well-provisioned first aid kit will make you more equipped to deal with a medical emergency . Have this kit in the house and fully stocked with supplies at all times , next to the first aid kit for your family . Check out our first aid checklist for how to stock your kit .
Although a good knowledge of first aid is helpful , pet parents should never give any sort of medication , especially over the counter pain relievers , without the advice of a veterinarian . Also , never perform any at home remedies found online . The safest option for your pet is to take them to a veterinary professional for examination as soon as possible .
If Your Pet Eats Something Poisonous
If you suspect your pet has ingested a toxic substance , immediately call your veterinarian or the Animal Poison Control Center 's 24-hour hotline at ( 888 ) 426-4435 . Trained toxicologists will consider the age and health of your pet , what and how much they ate , and then make a recommendation—such as whether to induce vomiting—based on their assessment . A $ 65 consultation fee may be applied to your credit card .
Your pets are your cherished companions , that 's why it 's important to have a plan in place should an unexpected emergency occur . If you have any questions about emergency plans or services , feel free to contact us here at Rocky Gorge Animal Hospital .
Rocky Gorge Animal Hospital in Laurel , Maryland is proud to offer 24/7/365 veterinary care to the Washington DC area , including Montgomery , Howard , Anne Arundel and Prince George 's counties . We even offer emergency pre-registration for non-clients , which provides us with the necessary background and medical records for your pet , so if something should happen we can save valuable time by having all of the proper information on hand .
Discount pub chain JD Wetherspoon has issued a statement after a Twitter account announced that staff would be not be wearing poppies ‘ due to expanding multiculturalism ' .
The parody account Wetherspoon_UK tweeted : “ Due to the ever expanding multiculturalism of our clientele and employees this year our staff will not be wearing the poppy while working . ”
But the real J D Wetherspoon account has now announced that the tweets from the parody account are not true .
The pub chain 's statement said : “ Yet again , the spoof Wetherspoon Twitter account @ Wetherspoon_UK has crossed the line with its distasteful and insensitive tweet about the wearing of poppies .
“ J D Wetherspoon is in no way connected with this Twitter account and neither shares nor condones its posts .
“ In our opinion , although the unofficial spoof account is stated to be a parody account , tweets like this are simply not funny . # Digitaltrolls ” Staff and customers will be able to wear poppies freely in all Wetherspoon pubs .
After the incident went viral , the parody account posted a mocking video showing all the notifications the tweets have resulted in .
Rome , July 4 - Premier Giuseppe Conte on Wednesday met the head of Italy 's national anti-corruption authority ANAC , Raffaele Cantone . The two agreed on the need to up the fight against corruption , sources said . Corruption costs Italy tens of billions of euros every year . The two examined `` targeted '' measures to fight graft , sources said . photo : Cantone
CATTLE station owners have been signing up in droves for land-clearing permits with a nearly tenfold increase in the past two years , despite them publicly opposing fracking over environmental concerns .
One of the most outspoken anti-fracking advocates and owner of North Star Pastoral Company , Colin Ross , said he was concerned about the damage to the environment that would be caused by fracking when speaking to the ABC last year .
His company , however , is also the recent recipient of the largest single land clearing permit issued in the Northern Territory – with 20,432 hectares of land on Maryfield Station set to be stripped of native vegetation so that more cattle can be run .
In the past two years , the NT Government has approved about 45,500ha of land for clearing through the Pastoral Lands Board . This has jumped up nearly 10 times the previous average of around 4600ha per year in the 12 years leading up to 2015 .
The unprecedented increase has environmental groups concerned that the Territory is being caught up in a “ deforestation frenzy ” sweeping Australia , with calls for the NT Government to freeze the issuing of permits due to regulatory oversights .
More than 24,000ha was approved for clearing in early November this year , including the massive swath of land at the Maryfield Station , and an additional 23,742ha is under application .
The Wilderness Society and Environment Centre NT pointed to the Pastoral Land Board , which includes four pastoralists and one scientist .
Wilderness Society climate campaign manager Glenn Walker said that the NT has the worst regulation for deforestation of any jurisdiction in Australia .
Environment Centre NT director Shar Molloy called for the Government to put a hold on issuing permits while environmental oversight is improved . Currently a full environmental assessment is not mandatory .
The Pastoral Land Board rejected the NT Environmental Protection Authority 's suggestion to have a basic Biodiversity Management Plan when the board approved 20,432ha of clearing on Maryfield Station last month .
Both Colin Ross , via North Star Pastoral Company , and the Pastoral Land Board were contacted for comment but did not respond by last night .
New Delhi : Chinese smartphone maker Vivo on Monday announced the appointment of Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan as its brand ambassador for India , replacing actor Ranveer Singh who had been associated with the company for the past two years .
Aamir , whose films `` Dangal '' and `` Secret Superstar '' fetched unprecedented success for Bollywood movies in China , has been signed for future brand and product communication initiatives of Vivo India , the company said in a statement .
`` We are thrilled about the possibilities that our partnership with one of the world 's biggest superstars , Aamir Khan , will open up for Vivo in India , '' said Kenny Zeng , Chief Marketing Officer ( CMO ) , Vivo India .
`` This new association will enable us to explore newer avenues to reach our customers as we script our future growth strategy in India , '' Zeng added .
Aamir will soon be seen in a full-fledged marketing campaign around the upcoming products and a new TV commercial .
`` Vivo as a brand embodies the spirit of innovation and meaningful disruption , '' said Aamir .
`` Over the years , the brand has been constantly pushing the boundaries of smartphone technology . I am enthused to be a part of Vivo 's transformative journey in India , '' the actor added .
The announcement comes ahead of Vivo 's planned launch of the V9 smartphone on March 23 in India .
Industry sources told IANS that the latest device will be priced around Rs 25,000 and will feature a dual rear camera setup and a 24MP selfie camera .
Vivo V9 will come with iPhone X-like notch and primary camera setup and a `` FullView '' display , informed sources added .
The company had launched the Vivo V7 with 24MP selfie camera in the country for Rs 18,990 in November 2017 .
Vivo also introduced a `` FullView '' concept smartphone named APEX that has the world 's highest screen-to-body ratio and half-screen in-display fingerprint scanning technology at the Mobile World Congress 2018 ( MWC ) in Barcelona in February
Vivo has also been associated with popular sports platforms such as the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) and the Pro-Kabaddi League in the country .
Vivo entered India in late 2014 .
With a manufacturing unit in Greater Noida , the company has a robust distribution network across the country both online and offline -- catering to over 400 cities in 22 states backed by 400 service centres .
BRIDGES and roads were hot topics during Kyogle 's final council meeting for the year last night .
During public access , Bonalbo resident Tony Leggo addressed the councillors about two bridges on Peacock Creek Road that were in disrepair after NSW Forestry closed them several years ago .
`` These crossings are unsuitable for non four-wheel-drive vehicles and can even compromise them when towing caravans , ” he said .
Mr Leggo has lived in his current address for more than 30 years and said the area used to prosper with convoys of vans and caravans heading towards to picnic grounds on long weekends .
However , due to the decision of the NSW Government , this was no longer the case .
`` We have been involved with rescuing people that were bogged in the crossings and have witnessed many attempts to reach the picnic grounds from west of the range , ” Mr Leggo said .
`` These bridges are desperately needed for Bonalbo 's future prosperity and will ultimately funnel tourism further into Kyogle .
`` I have exhausted all my attempts through political avenues to gain assistance for this project . ”
In a letter to Lismore MP Thomas George , Lands and Forestry Minister Paul Toole stated there was no intention to fix this particular road .
`` I am advised that Forestry Corporation is not currently working in the area and does not require Peacock Creek Road for operations in the near future , so has no plans to upgrade this road in the short term , ” Mr Toole wrote .
In response , Kyogle Mayor Danielle Mulholland moved a motion for the council to write a letter to State Government seeking the appropriate funding for the road and associated bridges .
`` It would improve connectivity between Bonalbo and Kyogle , so Kyogle would become their community of interest rather than Casino or Lismore , ” Cr Mulholland said .
10 bridges to be renamed
The council passed a motion last night to open up a 30 day public exhibition for the renaming of 10 of the most recent upgraded bridges in the local government area .
General manager Graham Kennett said the proposed names came from community members who came to council requesting the changes .
`` We did have a couple of community members coming forward asking for the spelling mistakes to be corrected , so we were on notice about those and also about recognition for Jack Hurley , ” Mr Kennett said .
`` Now they will go out formally , so there is a structured consultation . ”
Speed limit at emergency incidents
Members of emergency service organisations approached the council about creating new speed limits to make roads at accidents they were attending safer .
Cr Mulholland said they want to be able to put up enforceable slow down signs alerting drivers to accidents .
`` To get people to slow down to 40km/h so there is no danger of emergency services personnel being hit by a vehicle , ” she said .
`` They do a really challenging job turning up to accidents not really knowing what you are going to find and they are doubly nervous because they have got to worry about being hit by a passing car . ”
Cr Mulholland said she felt council should have addressed this ages ago .
Unrateable land
State forest and national park land occupies more than a third of the local government area of Kyogle .
This land is unrateable and puts a strain on local ratepayers as council is expected to maintain infrastructure in the area .
Council passed a motion last night to nominate one councillor to sit on a committee that will address these issues with the State Government .
Cr Mulholland said Lindsey Passfield was the chosen candidate as he already sits on a similar committee , the National Timber Council .
`` I can see the synergies because the National Timber Council and this committee around un-rateable land , ” she said .
`` I think he will be able to not only represent us on the National Timber Council but he will be able to straddle that line between the two committees and that creates a bucket of knowledge in one councillor . ”
Looking forward
Council 's work is n't quite finished for the year yet , with a few more Visions for Villages meetings still planned in the upcoming week .
`` We are still doing our Visions for Villages project , we 've got Mallanganee and Tabulam this week . ”
She said they hoped to collate all the responses and input to create a huge Kyogle Master Plan in the new year .
On behalf of council , Cr Mulholland wished the community a very merry Christmas .
`` I wish everyone a Merry Christmas . Stay safe , drive carefully and look after each other . ”
By The Associated Press
SANTA ANA , Calif. ( AP ) — Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport , NBC-TV reported .
Ford , 74 , was told to land his single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday , but he mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway , passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby , NBC reported ( http : //nbcnews.to/2kHo2iu ) .
“ Was that airliner meant to be underneath me ? ” Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording , NBC reported Tuesday .
American Airlines Flight 1456 , with 110 passengers and six crew , departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later .
Ford 's publicist , Ina Treciokas , declined comment Tuesday afternoon .
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor could n't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737 , but he said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions .
He did n't indicate how high the plane was when it flew over the jetliner .
The FAA is investigating , Gregor said .
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator . But he has had several close calls .
In March 2015 , Ford was seriously injured when his World War II-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff .
In 1999 , Ford crash-landed his helicopter during a training flight in which he and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County , northwest of Los Angeles . Ford and the instructor were unhurt .
Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced him to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska . Ford and his passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway , but its wing tips were damaged , officials said .
FILE - In this July 18 , 2017 , file photo , Energy Secretary Rick Perry attends a news conference at the National Press Club in Washington . The Energy Department says Perry has taken at least six trips on government or private planes costing an estimated $ 56,000 . Jacquelyn Martin , File AP Photo
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 8-3-2 7-8-1 4-5-0 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 9-6-2 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Arizona 1
St. Louis 3 , Buffalo 2 , OT
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4 , San Jose 3 , OT
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
DIVE tour operators are divided over whether tourism will be affected by the ex-HMAS Tobruk landing on her side when she was scuttled last week .
Hervey Bay Dive Centre and Dive Hervey Bay were the two companies chosen by the State Government to conduct recreational diving activities on the ex-Navy Ship .
But when Dive Hervey Bay owner Glenn Bowman , who has 35 years dive instructor experience and more than 3,500 dives logged , watched the ship descend into the ocean 's depths on her side , he knew he 'd have to reassess his strategy .
< >
Mr Bowman said the unplanned result could reduce projected income by 50 per cent due to fewer people visiting the town and thus fewer people purchasing hotel rooms , food and shopping .
`` The starboard side is basically not accessible to any divers except divers with wreck penetration diving qualifications , '' he said .
`` You need to be able to see an exit or sunlight for an exit to make it a general diver dive site . ''
They were conflicting points to Hervey Bay Dive Centre owner Ed Gibson .
Mr Gibson said despite the scuttling not going to the exact plan , open divers would still have a `` really good swim '' .
`` Divers can still experience propellers and rudders with its position , '' he said .
`` It 's not unusual for a vessel to land on its side and from a divers point of view , it 's still quite accessible .
Photos View Photo Gallery
`` I do n't think it will affect dive tourism and it will thrive as expected because we will adjust it and amend our dive tours . ''
One thing Mr Gibson and Mr Bowman do agree on , however is that the dive will be nothing short of spectacular .
The Chronicle contacted Hinkler MP Keith Pitt , who launched the Tobruk campaign four years ago , to hear his thoughts on the potential impact the vessel 's position could have on tourism .
Keith Pitt 's office said once the ex-HMAS Tobruk was handed over to the State Government in December 2016 , it ceased having any control over the vessel and was unable to comment .
A Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service spokeswoman said despite concerns , the wreck was lying in the correct location , within the restricted access area .
`` The first order of operations following any scuttling event is to undertake a safety inspection of the entire wreck , '' she said .
`` Contractor Birdon have undertaken the inspections and will be submitting a report to the Queensland Government in coming days .
`` This will allow us to review all options and assess the best way to move forward to ensure the best dive opportunity is created .
`` The Queensland Government is engaging with the four commercial tour operators to keep them informed of developments during this process and to scope dive experience opportunities . ''
Do you think tourism will be affected by the ex-HMAS Tobruk on her starboard side ? Email us at editorial @ frasercoastchronicle.com.au .
Finance News Presenter Meilin Chew takes a look at some of the biggest corporate failures .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Mike Stevens takes us On The Pennsylvania Road to a shop in Monroe County . It 's a place where you can see history… as long as you look closely .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The father of Lucas Torriera says his son will be fully prepared for life in England as he prepares to move to Arsenal .
The Gunners have agreed a deal in principle to sign the Sampdoria midfielder once Uruguay 's World Cup participation ends , reports Football.London .
It 's believed Torreira will cost in the region of £26million , with a four-year contract on offer to a player who has been a revelation for Uruguay at the World Cup .
The contract is expected be signed soon after Uruguay 's time in Russia comes to an end , with a medical due to take place in London .
( Image : AFP )
Once the deal is finalised , Torreira will become Arsenal 's fourth signing of the summer and he will then undergo the process of trying to settle into his new club and adjust to life in the Premier League .
Many players - especially from South America - have tried and failed to adapt to English football and Torreira 's father is well aware of the challenges his son will face .
But Ricardo Torreira , while speaking to Uruguayan television channel Teledoce , insists that he and the player 's representatives will be doing all they can to help the 22-year-old settle .
( Image : AFP )
“ There will be people that will accompany him , ” said Ricardo ( interview translated via @ ArsenicTM ) . “ He wo n't be alone . It 's a big change [ going to England ] and we do n't want to think about it yet because we 're scared .
“ The truth is it 's tough to manage the language , adapt to the [ London ] society and customs and at the same time not lose ours .
`` But there 's a whole program getting readied for Lucas . ”
Naples , May 30 - Together they have taken part in seven Olympic Games and four Universiade Games , with an ocean of successes : Diego Occhiuzzi and Francesco Postiglione will now be the poster boys for the 2019 Summer Universiade . Occhiuzzi will be leaving fencing after the next Absolute Fencing Gear Sabre Grand Prix in June in Milan , while Postiglione has spent his life in water , between swimming and water polo . Both are Neapolitan-born champions who participated in the Universiade prior to soaring to higher levels and are aware of the technical value of it . They have also got involved in a program to select 10,000 volunteers for the organization and holding of the event . One week after the website was launched , 200 have signed up . `` The Universiade is the Olympics of students , '' Postiglione said . `` I did one in Sheffield in 1991 and it was a wonderful experience . For the first time I had contact with something similar to an Olympic village . I remember the involvement of volunteers and the relationship that grew between them and the athletes , to the point of some of them feeling our successes as if they were their own . '' `` Naples , '' he added , `` can do well and we must all work sop that our city makes a good impression . '' His words were echoed by Occhiuzzi , who has taken part in three Universiade editions . `` The Universiade , '' he said , `` are traditionally a launch pad towards the Olympics and are held two years before them . for this reason , athletes that will be stars of the later event are found in these as well . The Universiade are a good trial run . '' They will also be a test for Naples , which is working hard on organizing the event . `` Naples has many problems , '' Occhiuzzi noted , `` but also a great deal of resources . The Universiade should serve as a chance to get our city spoken about due to its beauty and not its negative aspects . '' Occhiuzzi and Postiglione will be involved in a tour of Campania region universities in search of volunteers that - after an inaugural stop in Caserta last week and one in Salerno in June - will resume in Naples after the summer with several appointments in the city 's universities .
The big freeze put paid to most matches at the weekend , with just three games involving Chameleon Midlands Regional Alliance clubs beating the weather .
Melbourne Dynamo took a break from league action to face Holbrook Sports Reserves for a place in the final of the Derbyshire FA Divisional Cup South .
In the opening stages there was little to separate the two sides before hosts Dynamo broke the deadlock midway through the first half when Jack Goodband drilled a low ball across the box , where Callum Horton applied the finish .
It remained 1-0 at the interval , but the second period was a more one-sided as Dynamo put their Central Midlands League Division One opponents to the sword .
Adam Ross doubled the lead on 52 minutes , when his header crossed the line despite Alexander McGuire 's acrobatic effort to clear .
Dynamo quickly made it 3-0 when Horton centred for Goodband to finish .
A late flurry of goals ensured Dynamo literally hit their opponents for six .
Toby McCabe headed home number four on 85 minutes , before James Smith grabbed a late brace . Both of Smith 's headed goals came from corners , the first on the stroke of 90 minutes before he repeated the feat in injury-time .
The victory secured Dynamo a place in the final for the fourth time since 2005 .
Only two league games survived , both in the Mel Williams Premier Division .
Newhall United climbed four places to fifth after a 4-1 victory over Allestree . Richard Draycott , Edi Chalupka , and a brace from James Ward saw them beat the basement side . Jamie Laird replied .
Castle Donington hosted unbeaten Derby Singh Brothers for a 1-1 draw . Shaquille Fox netted for the hosts , with the in-form Troy Black replying .
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
New Delhi : The Indian men 's hockey team 's medal-less and rudder-less Commonwealth Games performance has brought chief coach Sjoerd Marijne under the scanner with Hockey India scheduling a performance review meeting later this week .
It has been learnt that some senior players of the team , led by skipper Manpreet Singh , PR Sreejesh and Rupinder Pal Singh , met top HI officials here today and presented their explanation for the performance .
It is for the first time in 12 years ( since 2006 ) that India failed to win a single medal in hockey at the CWG and this has n't gone down well with the national federation , which said that it wo n't shy away from taking tough decisions after the review meeting .
According to a Hockey India official , not just the players , the coach 's performance will also be scrutinised and corrective measures will be taken , if needed , as three important tournaments -- Champions Trophy , Asian Games and the season-ending World Cup -- are lined up this year .
`` The performance in Gold Coast is definitely not acceptable . It is below-par to say the least . We have been providing all facilities to the team but they just fail to deliver in big events , '' the HI official said .
`` We were one of the medal favourites but look how we performed against lower-ranked teams like Wales , Pakistan , New Zealand and England . ''
India were particularly poor in the 2-2 draw against Pakistan , conceding the equaliser with just seven seconds left on the clock .
It has been earlier reported that some senior players were unhappy with chief coach Marijne 's decision to blood youngsters like Vivek Sagar Prasad , Dilpreet Singh , Sumit , Gurinder Singh in place of experienced pros such as Sardar Singh and Ramandeep Singh in the CWG-bound squad .
And the HI official said all these issues will be examined during the review meeting .
`` Hockey is a team game and the coach is also accountable for players ' performances . It will be too early to comment anything but Sjoerd too will have to come up with answers for the poor show . ''
In the past too , HI 's hire and fire policy on foreign coaches , including Marijne 's predecessors Roelant Oltmans , Terry Walsh , Michael Nobbs and Ric Charlesworth has come in for sharp criticism .
Even though Marijne 's draws his salary from the Sports Authority of India , it is HI which reviews his performance .
Marijne is presently at his home in the Netherlands and is expected to join the national camp in Bengaluru from April 27 . But sources said he would arrive in India only in the first week of May due to some visa issues .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Icy conditions and blankets of freezing fog could greet many commuters as they return to work from the festive break on Tuesday .
Sub-zero temperatures will grip the nation overnight , dipping as low as -4C to -6C in central and southern England , the Met Office said .
The forecaster has issued a `` yellow '' weather alert for ice across parts of southern England , warning some roads could become `` hazardous '' .
Many are likely to open their curtains to a frosty scene before the day will become dry and cloudy for many , a spokeswoman added .
( Photo : Getty )
The Met Office said in its warning : `` Please be aware that untreated surfaces , such as pavements and some minor roads , are likely to turn very slippery later Monday night and on Tuesday morning . A little freezing fog patches are also possible .
`` A very cold night is in store and as moister air comes in contact with cold surfaces later , the potential is for a lot of frost to form , rendering some surfaces hazardous . ''
( Photo : Getty Images )
The warning is in place until 10am on Tuesday .
Humberside Police said on Monday emergency services were `` stretched '' after more than 30 collisions on roads across the force area .
Urging people to drive to the conditions , the force sent a series of tweets about the icy roads in East Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire .
( Photo : Rex )
A spokesman tweeted : `` Motorists please take extra care today . The freezing overnight temperatures have left us with very icy roads and they still have n't thawed .
`` More than 30 collisions across the force area this morning . Emergency services are stretched . Please drive to the conditions .
`` Rural areas across North Lincolnshire and East Yorkshire are especially icy . What looks like puddles on the road are actually black ice . ''
Sellers Susan and James Bao
Address 12 Sycamore Rd. , Glen Cove
Asking price $ 888,168
The basics A four-bedroom , three-bath split-level on a 0.46-acre lot
The competition A four-bedroom , three-bath splanch on Westland Drive is listed for $ 825,000 .
Nearest recent sale A four-bedroom , five-bath home on Windward sold Feb. 28 for $ 815,000 .
Taxes with no exemptions $ 12,860
Time on the market Since May 14
Best Bets Get the scoop on events , nightlife , day trips , family fun and things to do on Long Island . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Listing agent Rosalie Pantginis and Roberta Cerasi , Glen Key Realty , Glen Cove , 516-676-9080
Why it 's for sale Susan , 63 , a retired teacher , and James , 66 , who is retired from the New York City Department of Education , say they 're moving to the West Coast to be closer to family .
The Baos ' property represents comfortable living both indoors and out . Susan talks about their home :
“ We found this house after looking six months . It was owned by a contractor who just finished a wonderful renovation . He extended the kitchen and built a sunroom . My daughter is an architect and says the split-level is such an interesting layout and efficient use of space . It 's only six steps to each level . . . . We have a wood-burning fireplace in the living room . Entertaining in the winter is warm and cozy . There are large openings between rooms , which makes it easy . There 's a cleverly designed wet bar in the sunroom , which is accessible from the deck and living room . The deck was renovated with engineered material , so there 's no maintenance . The backyard is professionally landscaped . The stacked stone retention wall was put in last year . . . . Everyone loves our kitchen . It has a double wall oven and a DCS professional stove . The refrigerator is disguised with cabinetry . The neighborhood is very nice . The Shorecrest community has a private beach and picnic space , and it 's a three-minute walk to Morgan Park . . . . The Glen Cove ferry is five minutes away and a one-hour trip to 34th Street . ”
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain insists Arsenal have no reason to fear Bayern Munich ahead of their Champions League clash .
The Gunners take on Bavaria as they look to end their poor record in the knockout stages of the competitions .
They have been knocked out in the last 16 in each of the past six seasons , with two of those exits coming at the hands of Bayern .
And while Oxlade-Chamberlain knows how dangerous Carlo Ancelotti 's men can be , he thinks Arsenal can take positives from their previous encounters .
`` We 've had good experiences and we 've had bad experiences [ against them ] , '' he told Arsenal Player .
( Photo : Alexander Hassenstein )
( Photo : Stuart MacFarlane )
`` There are times when we 've struggled against them and it proves what a great team they are , and there are times where we 've turned up and we 've done really well and it proves they 're not immortal .
`` They 're a very good team , but so are we if we play as good as we can on the day . We can cause them enough troubles and go on and win .
`` We 've proved enough to ourselves over the years that we 're good enough to come away with the right result . ''
Oxlade-Chamberlain has started in central midfield in each of Arsenal 's last two matches .
However , Mohamed Elneny 's return is expected to see the England man start out wide in Munich .
Arsene Wenger has already confirmed David Ospina will start in goal in Petr Cech 's place .
There are partnership opportunities for organizations wishing to utilize Halton District School Board properties .
Community groups and members of the public are invited to a meeting on Wednesday , Nov. 8 at 7 p.m. to discuss potential planning and partnership opportunities within HDSB facilities .
Partnership opportunities in existing schools and co-build opportunities in proposed new schools , as well as in a proposed new board administrative centre , will be discussed at the J.W . Singleton Education Centre , 2050 Guelph Line .
Potential partners are requested to bring relevant planning information such as population projections , growth plans , community needs , land use and green space/park requirements to the meeting .
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) — Dwight Howard scored 23 points to help the Charlotte Hornets beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 116-103 on Monday night .
Kemba Walker had 19 points for the Hornets , who had lost seven of eight . Marvin Williams scored 18 , and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 17 points .
It was Charlotte 's second road win of the season in 12 tries .
Russell Westbrook had 30 points and seven assists and Paul George scored 20 points for the Thunder after missing the previous two games with a right calf contusion .
Advertisement
Charlotte shot 53 percent from the field against one of the league 's best defensive teams . The Bobcats made 13 of 25 3-point attempts .
The game was tied at 66 in the third quarter when Charlotte went on a run and never relinquished momentum . A 3-pointer by Williams made it 74-66 , leading to a Thunder timeout .
Charlotte kept right on rolling . A 3-pointer by Frank Kaminsky put the Hornets up 86-68 , and a layup by Kidd-Gilchrist made it a 20-point game . The Hornets made 7 of 10 3-pointers in the quarter to go up 92-74 at the end of the period .
Oklahoma City cut the deficit to 11 on a dunk by Westbrook , but the Hornets quickly regained control for good .
TIP-INS
Hornets : G Nicolas Batum sat out with a sore left elbow . … G Jeremy Lamb , who started his career with the Thunder in 2012 , started for the Hornets . He finished with 14 points and five rebounds on 6-of-17 shooting . … The Hornets outrebounded the Thunder 41-39 .
Thunder : Defensive stopper Andre Roberson sat out with a left ankle sprain . … Carmelo Anthony scored 11 points and passed Vince Carter to move into 22nd place in NBA history with 24,605 points . … Anthony was issued a technical foul in the second quarter for complaining too much to official Tony Brothers .
UP NEXT
Hornets : Visit the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
Thunder : Visit the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday . It will be George 's first time back in Indiana since he was traded for Victor Oladipo and Domantas Sabonis in July .
___
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter : www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP .
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball .
Some say the world will end in fire , some say in ice , but when it comes to what sunk the Titanic , the answer has always appeared to be crystal clear . New evidence , though , might change those assumptions , The Independent reports — a researcher now believes an iceberg is n't to blame for the ocean liner 's sinking , but actually a fire that had been raging in the hull of the ship for almost three weeks :
While experts have previously acknowledged the theory of a fire on board , new analysis of rarely seen photographs has prompted researchers to blame the fire as the primary cause of the ship 's demise . Journalist Senan Molony , who has spent more than 30 years researching the sinking of the Titanic , studied photographs taken by the ship 's chief electrical engineers before it left Belfast shipyard . Mr. Maloney said he was able to identify 30-foot-long black marks along the front right-hand side of the hull , just behind where the ship 's lining was pierced by the iceberg . He said : “ We are looking at the exact area where the iceberg stuck , and we appear to have a weakness or damage to the hull in that specific place , before she even left Belfast . '' [ The Independent ]
The fire was too large and too hot to be put out , with 12 men reportedly failing to quench the 1800-degree flames . Officials on board the ship were allegedly instructed not to mention the fire to the Titanic 's passengers , with the ship even reversing into its berth at Southampton to keep people from seeing where the fire had damaged the ship .
`` Nobody has investigated these marks before , '' Molony said . `` It totally changes the narrative . We have metallurgy experts telling us that when you get that level of temperature against steel it makes it brittle , and reduces its strength by up to 75 percent . The fire was known about , but it was played down . She should never have been put to sea . ''
Over 1,500 people lost their lives when the Titanic sank on its maiden voyage between Southampton and New York City in April 1912 . Jeva Lange
by
By ETHAN WILT
Staff Writer
@ Ethan_Wilt
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
The Salisbury University men 's soccer team battled with St. Mary 's College ( Md . ) Wednesday afternoon , with the Seahawks edging out the Seagulls 1-0 in a close , physical match-up . Heading into Wednesday afternoon 's game , tensions were already high between the two teams , after forming a regional rivalry over recent years .
Salisbury 's offense had all the momentum at the start of the game . The Seagulls ( 5-7 , 1-2 CAC ) dominated time of possession in the first few minutes , keeping the ball in the Seahawks ' half . Quick shots kept the pressure on St. Mary 's early on like senior forward Brooks Zentgraf 's that just missed off the right goalpost . This coupled with sophomore midfielder Dolph Hegewisch 's three shots in five minutes provided the bulk of Salisbury 's offense in the first half .
The success was short-lived though . In the rest of the half and into the start of the second half , Salisbury 's offense was full of missed opportunities and general ineffectiveness on offense .
However , St. Mary 's ( 7-4 , 3-0 CAC ) took advantage of an energetic offensive attack with Seahawk forward Khalid Balogun leading the way , displaying speed and finesse with the ball . The 2016 Capital Athletic Conference ( CAC ) Rookie of the Year , Balogun , held up the ball and distributed it well to his fellow attackers .
Following Salisbury 's early rise in the game , SMC midfielder Brad Moore connected with a blocked shot to score in the 21st minute of the first half , proving to be the deciding score of the match .
“ Yeah , you know it ultimately just comes down to it was n't good enough for us in terms of decision-making . We lost the ball , [ our team 's ] response to get it back was n't good enough either , ” SU head coach Alex Hargrove said .
The disappointment ranged to the players too . Following a 2-1 loss at Mary Washington last Saturday , the team saw much to be desired on Wednesday .
“ I mean the first half , I think we just came out real slow . I guess it has a lot to do with being a Wednesday game . I guess we were n't ready , which is not acceptable . I did n't feel any energy out on the field , you know ? Just really upsetting honestly , did n't get our result here , ” SU senior defender Nick Carrington said .
At the end of the first half , the Seagulls only had a four-shot differential between themselves and the Seahawks , but Salisbury still had much to work on .
Coming into the second half , the Salisbury came out roaring , playing fast and aggressive , and putting the Seahawk defense on their toes . Sea Gull senior midfielder Matthew Zimmerman , opened the half with two shots within the first six minutes . Salisbury would do their best to keep up this pace and looked much improved from their play in the first half .
Hegewisch attributes this quick change to coach Hargrove 's halftime talk .
“ Coach got on us . We did n't come out as strong as we should 've , and I think the halftime talk really put it into us , and we really wanted to come out and play like we should , ” Hegewisch said .
Salisbury got in transition more often in the second half , allowing the defense to maintain their energy as well as allow more shots to be taken . Salisbury had multiple free kicks and a corner kick in the second half , all cleared by the Seahawk defense .
Salisbury 's best chance to tie the game came late in the first half . After a ball snuck through the box on a cross , SU freshman forward Cameron Ament found the ball , stepped up and drove the ball , sailing it up and over the crossbar . Seagulls never rallied to get another decent shot on goal .
Following their loss to St. Mary 's , Salisbury looks forward to their home match-up against Penn State-Harrisburg this coming Saturday . The game is not only another CAC game , but also marks Homecoming Weekend .
“ It 's a huge atmosphere . . . and a huge , huge game for me , and really looking forward to it , ” Hegewisch said .
Salisbury heads into Saturday with the goal of getting back to .500 in conference-play . That start of the game comes at 2 p.m .
Advertisements
Things will get `` quite dark '' for Vanessa as she b
Rishi rejects Faith after she tells him about her
Four-year-old learns to walk again after foot and
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Good Morning Britain viewers were outraged today after a doctor claimed babies can be racist .
Dr. Kang Lee , lead author of a new study from the University of Toronto , appeared on the show to discuss his claims that babies as young as six months old can show racial bias .
Speaking to Suasanna Reid and Piers Morgan , he explained how in the study , they had had babies watch happy and sad music videos featuring babies of different races .
He claimed children spent longer looking at the babies which were the same race as them compared to those who were not .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
Piers immediately looked perplexed and asked how any baby could be racist .
Dr Lee replied it was because many children are born into single race families and so they are not exposed to other skin colours .
However , Susanna , who has three children , asked : “ Is it not that babies in mono-racial families are not familiar with other families , not that they are racially bias towards them ? ”
They then introduced two mums from different backgrounds to discuss the subject , and the toddlers disproved the study by leaning across and grabbing each other 's hands .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
Piers described it as the “ hands of peace ” and said : “ This is living proof that he may be barking up the wrong tree . ”
Good Morning Britain viewers took to Twitter to blast Dr. Lee 's study , with one writing : “ Babies can be racists from 6 months old ! ! Literally have heard it all now , what a load of rubbish ” .
Another agreed : `` Usually find Piers Morgan 's shouting over guests very irritating , but in the case of that 'racist babies ' t * * t it was quite acceptable . ''
A third added : `` Racist babies ... now I 've heard it all ! ''
* Good Morning Britain continues on ITV1 weekdays at 6.30am
Send this to a friend
Hi ! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you : Spring Home 2018 . Here is a link to that story : http : //www.mydailytribune.com/special-sections/25121/spring-home-2018
Governor , did you not sign into law removing stream bed access to thousands of fishermen and boaters ? Governor , did you not sign into law authorizing the state to waste $ 14 million on a lawsuit to “ take back ” lands from the federal government that have never belonged to the state ? Governor , did you not sign into law authorizing spending $ 300,000 to prevent a nonexistent wolf population in the state ? Governor , did you not sign into law authorizing a $ 53 million shell game with CIB monies for an out-of-state coal port rather than help the Utah communities for which it was intended ? And finally , governor , did you not sign a resolution to rescind Bears Ears National Monument and to shrink Grand Staircase Escalante National Monument ?
Charleston Beer Exchange joshl725 is right they are rude . Michael Johnson22
Baroni 's New York Pizza Baroni 's New York Pizza is one of my two favorite pizzas in the Charleston area… Glynda McAleer
Blossom & Stems Florist & Greenhouse The worst customer service I have experienced in a long time . Guess thats what I… Courtney Barfield
Pence 's Liquor and Wine I actually appreciate this guy . He 's voluntarily enforcing parking . We 'd have to pay a bureaucrat… Neo Marcist
Delays of up to five minutes can be expected at all locations .
MOTORISTS are advised of changed traffic conditions on the Pacific Highway this week for work to build a temporary jetty on the southern bank of the Richmond River at Broadwater .
The works are part of the Woolgoolga to Ballina upgrade .
Traffic control will be in place on the Pacific Highway about 300 metres north of Byrnes Street at Broadwater to improve access for heavy machinery needed to start building the temporary jetty on the southern bank of the Richmond River , about one kilometre north of Broadwater .
Work to build a temporary jetty on the northern bank is expected to start in mid-September , weather permitting .
The jetties will be operational until mid-2018 and will be removed once work is complete .
Concrete sections for a new bridge being built as part of the Woodburn to Broadwater service road will be delivered and installed from this week .
Deliveries to the compound site just north of Woodburn will occur from August 14 - 16 .
No delays for motorists are expected .
Signs will be installed on both sides of the highway on August 14 - 15 from north of Watts Lane to just south of Harwood Bridge , Harwood between 7am and 6pm and between the Pimlico Road intersection and the Emigrant Creek Bridge , Pimlico between 6am and 6pm .
For the safety of workers and motorists , reduced speed limits and traffic control may be in place on the highway , local roads and access roads .
Delays of up to five minutes can be expected at most locations and all work is carried out weather permitting .
Motorists are advised to drive to the conditions and follow the directions of signs and traffic control .
Roads and Maritime Services thanks the community for its patience while work on the upgrade is carried out .
For the latest traffic updates visit www.livetraffic.com , download the Live Traffic NSW App or call 132 701 .
Research Corridor has published a new research study titled “ Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market – Growth , Share , Opportunities , Competitive Analysis and Forecast , 2017 – 2025 ” . The Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt market report studies current as well as future aspects of the Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market based upon factors such as market dynamics , key ongoing trends and segmentation analysis . Apart from the above elements , the Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market research report provides a 360-degree view of the Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt industry with geographic segmentation , statistical forecast and the competitive landscape .
Browse the complete report http : //www.researchcorridor.com/image-guided-radiation-therapy-igrt-market/
Geographically , the Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market report comprises dedicated sections centering on the regional market revenue and trends . The Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt market has been segmented on the basis of geographic regions into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and Rest of the World ( RoW ) . The RoW segment consists Latin America and the Middle East & Africa . The Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt market has been extensively analyzed on the basis of various regional factors such as demographics , gross domestic product ( GDP ) , inflation rate , acceptance and others . Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market estimates have also been provided for the historical years 2015 & 2016 along with forecast for the period from 2017 – 2025 .
The research report also provides a comprehensive understanding of Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt market positioning of the major players wherein key strategies adopted by leading players has been discussed . The Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt industry report concludes with the Company Profiles section which includes information on major developments , strategic moves and financials of the key players operating in Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt market .
Key Takeaways :
Market Dynamics in the Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market
Market Key Ongoing Regional Trends
Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025
Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025 Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market Positioning of Key Players
Market Positioning of Key Players Key Strategies Adopted by the Leading Players
Attractive Investment Proposition
Image Guided Radiation Therapy Igrt Market Inclination Insights
Related Reports
About Research Corridor
Research Corridor provides End-to-End Solution for Market Research Consulting and Custom Research Reports . Database of Over 47000 Global Market Reports Research Corridor is world leading company in syndicated market Research Reports .
For More Information , Visit Research Corridor
Media Contact
Company Name : Research Corridor
Contact Person : Vikram
Email : sales @ researchcorridor.com
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Do n't know what to get the man in your life for Christmas this year ?
Whether you 're racking your brains over what Christmas present to get your beloved boyfriend , or wondering how you 'll find something your son will actually appreciate without it leaving you skint - we 've got it covered in our round up below .
From Joey Barton 's autobiography to salmon curing kits and grooming sets , we 've compiled a list to suit all tastes and budgets . And while you 're at it why not check out our ultimate Christmas gift guide as well as presents ideas for her and the top toys for the kids too ?
For those who like to leave the shopping until the last minute , we 've got all the last Christmas order dates for all major retailers and Christmas postal dates to ensure everything arrives just in the nick of time .
Top Christmas gifts for him
Under £15
Nspa toiletries set , £10 , Asda
Because blokes like to groom too .
Notebook , TK Maxx , £4.99
Compliment him with this handy little notebook as a practical stocking filler .
Shaving kit , Baylis & Harding at Tesco , £10
Baylis & Harding 's Fuzzy Duck Men 's Cedarwood & Wild Sage Shaving Setmakes a perfect stocking filler or secret Santa gift . Containing a 100ml Shaving Cream and a Wooden Shaving Brush , these items are the perfect shaving essentials to create the Barber Shop Experience at home .
The Cedarwood & Wild Sage fragrance , new for 2017 , is wonderfully aromatic with warm and earthy undertones to gently cleanse and leave him feeling invigorated
Root 7 Cirkcicle , John Lewis , £14.95
Perfect for dinner parties , drinks with friends or just unwinding after a long day , the Corkcicle from Root 7 is the world 's first in-bottle wine chiller .
Made from plastic with a pour-through cork top so there is no need to remove it when pouring , it can be frozen beforehand and will keep wine cold for up to an hour .
Help keep him cosy in an on trend fairisle knitted beanie hat .
Because blokes love a bit of grooming . Personalise a wash bag with all of his essentials .
( Image : waterstones.com )
Love him or hate him Joey Barton has dominated headlines for what he 's done on and off the pitch .
In his award-winning autobiography ( it was 'Cross Sports Book Awards Autobiography of the Year ' last year ) fans will get a candid look at the rise of one of football 's most well-known stars - he 'll be hooked .
Ted Baker Socks , John lewis , £15
( Image : TED BAKER )
Let him put his best foot forward in these beautifully bright Ted Baker socks from John Lewis .
This eye-catching pair is the perfect stocking filler statement piece for the fashion conscious gent .
If he loves curry as much as he loves a good book , you 'll be on to a winner with this one .
Comforting and tasty , a curry is the favourite dish of the nation and Dan Toombs has painstakingly researched some of the best authentic recipes from top restaurants all over the world for you to try at home .
Under £30
You ca n't go wrong with a good bottle of booze . Why not try Woodford Reserve bourbon , it 's perfect for Old Fashioneds . Even better , it 's on offer at Tesco , making it £23 , rather than £30 .
A checked shirt is every man 's wardrobe staple .
A home comfort classic , these traditionally styled moccasin slippers feature a suede outer and sumptuous faux fur lining . A cosy and comfortable slipper to treat his feet .
Give his cuffs a touch of class .
A visual journey through the works of Stanley Kubrick and his meticulous creative process .
A must-have to see him through the winter months .
He can never have too many socks .
Ideal for the contemporary gentleman to provide hot or cold drinks on the go .
Scarf , White Stuff , £27.50
White Stuff 's Monty scarf is made from an extra lightweight wool-mix that is great for adding a casual layer of warmth . It features a classic stripe print in soft earthy colours that will have no trouble slotting into your man 's existing wardrobe .
For the handy man in your life , who needs a new accessory for his tool box .
Jumper , F & F at Tesco , £22
Crafted from soft-touch lambswool , this jumper from F & F Signature is a luxe layering choice for the new season . The jumper is finished with a ribbed V-neck , cuff and hem and comes in a range of colours to suit his taste .
( Image : flavourly.com )
Described as the 'world 's first triple malt whisky matured in first fill ex-bourbon casks ' , this Monkey Shoulder Whisky promises to 'impart a smooth and mellow vanilla flavour ' and a 'zesty orange nose and wonderful smooth finish ' .
Just what any keen whisky drinker would want in their stocking on Christmas Day .
( Image : SEGA )
If you 've got an avid gamer on your hands then the imminent release of the latest Football Manager may be just what he 's hoping Santa will deliver on Christmas Day .
But be warned the new features , as well as the usual level of detail and data to pour over , will probably keep he way to busy to socialise over the festive break .
( Image : notonthehighstreet.com )
If you 're buying for man who fancies himself as a bit of a Heston Blumenthal in the kitchen he 'll probably love this this salmon curing kit .
It contains everything you need to make your own cured Salmon , including smoky gin and beetroot cures .
( Image : Amazon )
Any music mad men in your life will probably already have a vinyl player , so why not get him a classic for his collection ?
Oasis ' best selling ' ( What 's the Story ) Morning Glory ? ' will no doubt take him back to his youth .
Under £50
Globe , Marks & Spencer , £39.50
For the adventurer .
This casual three stripe jumpers is made with a soft textured yarn , making it warm and comfortable to wear . Great for the winter season .
Give his everyday essentially a sharp update .
Jon Varvatos mini fragrance collection , House of Fraser , £40
As elegant and masculine as they are intriguing , the subtle power of John Varvatos men 's fragrances conveys refinement and the attention to detail so clearly present in each John Varvatos creation .
Robe , David Gandy for Autograph at Marks & Spencer , £39.50
Designed by David Gandy , they 're the ultimate in luxury . This cosy dressing gown is the perfect accompaniment to lazy weekend mornings .
Chess game , Oliver Bonas , £40
Get ready for checkmate with the Coffee Table Chess Game .
A bracing after-shave lotion for a fresh sensation . Subtly scented and housed in a splash bottle , it cleans and protects skin after shaving .
Shaving Subscription , Cornerstone , from £30
( Image : cornerstone )
Shaving will never be the same again with this premium subscription box from Cornerstone that will be delivered to his door every six to 18 weeks ( depending on how regularly he shaves ) .
Each box can be tailored to suit the needs of who you are buying for and includes premium shaving gels , top quality blades and soothing post-shave balm .
Treat a Cricket fan to an indulgent day at Lord 's - home of the sport for a spot of Afternoon Tea .
Guests are treated to tasty baked on site scones with jam and Cornish clotted cream and selection of teas in the Long Room within the Pavilion , which boasts spectacular views over the Lord 's outfield , followed by a guided tour of the Pavilion and MCC Museum .
( Image : Ciroc )
It 's the vodka brand on every rapper 's lips - and for good reason . Ciroc Vodka is made from grapes rather than grains , giving it a luxurious taste whether you want to drink it neat or in a cocktail .
So , if your man prefers his drinks shaken , not stirred , this could be the perfect present for him .
£50+
Make his day with a new watch .
Coat , River Island , £125
This season 's check jacket is a must-have for any gent .
These Arcade Vontae shoes are perfect casualwear when teamed with jeans or shorts , and will provide support for his feet as well as looking great .
A must-have for the foodie in your life .
Cable Knit Sweater , Ralph Lauren , £119
( Image : Ralph Lauren )
Upgrade his basics this winter by adding a touch of extravagance to his wardrobe .
He 'll keep warm in this luxurious classic cable knit sweater from Ralph Lauren and earn fashion brownie points too .
He can put the pedal to the metal and power round one of the UK 's most famous racing tracks - in some of the world 's fastest super cars .
Whether he chooses to belt round the course in a BMW i8 or cross the finish line in the Audi R8 V10 , he 'll love the thrill of notching up hot stopping speeds on the track .
( Image : Argos )
Invest in some wearable tech for your loved one and watch him get in tip top shape after all his festive feasting .
This handy fitness tracker looks sleek and monitors workouts , sleeping patterns , heart rate and will help him to keep you updated on his progress . He 'll be running marathons in no time .
Lismore City Council unanimously resolved to request an independent review from the State Government on Tuesday night .
LISMORE Mayor Isaac Smith has said he was 'surprised ' at the State Government 's secret launch of an independent review into the March/April floods .
The office of Minster for Emergency Services , Troy Grant confirmed an independent review of the floods was underway led by former NSW Police Deputy Commissioner , David Owen .
It comes just days after an unaware Lismore City Council passed a motion to request an independent review to Minister Grant .
Cr Smith said `` it would have been nice to know ( about the review ) ... before the vote on Tuesday night '' .
To Cr Smith 's understanding , none of the councillors nor the executive team , including general manager Gary Murphy knew of the Minister 's plans to start a review .
`` At this stage , we do n't know anything about the review , '' Cr Smith said .
He anticipates the review will create more transparent consultation processes between state and local government .
During the review , Cr Smith said it was vital the community `` are involved in a detailed way '' as it was a key driver of the region 's recovery process .
He hopes the Minister will take into consideration Tuesday night 's carried motion during the review process , particularly by ensuring the report is finalised by November 1 before the flood season begins .
`` Every business and house ( in Lismore ) needs a detailed plan before , during and after a flood , '' Cr Smith said .
He said ideas about how to prepare before , during and after floods was not enough to bolster community safety during fierce weather events .
Cr Smith said he hoped the review would spark a national campaign and preparation plans similar to those that came out of the Victoria 's Black Saturday fires .
He said a similar campaign and planning strategies must translate to all natural disasters such as floods .
The independent reviewer , Mr Owen was the state 's emergency operations controller for about four years until August 2011 .
The policeman of three decades also led the state 's response and emergency personnel deployment for the Victoria 's Black Saturday bushfires .
VESTAVIA HILLS Ala. ( ABC ) — One T. rex was so happy to see a rare snowfall last Friday that it could n't help but make snow angels and throw snow balls at the neighborhood kids .
The woman inside the inflated T. rex costume was Christi Boston Henderson of Vestavia Hills , Alabama . She , along with her friend and videographer Natasha Bates , decided to enjoy the first snow of the season .
PHOTO 1
“ I honestly was in awe . That 's the most snow I 've ever seen in my life , ” Henderson , 27 , told ABC News . “ I made the most of it . I said , ‘ This is going to be fun . ' ”
Henderson had purchased the costume beforehand , as she wore it to attend Dragoncon in Atlanta last September .
PHOTO 2
“ I had seen a lot of people just kind of be stupid with the T. rex suits . I thought , ‘ This is my time to shine , ' ” she said with a laugh . “ I went outside and got in snowball fights with the neighborhood kids . It seemed like a good idea at the time .
“ The best part was making people laugh , ” Henderson added .
An image of the sound baffling chamber for U.S. Air Force F-16C Fighting Falcon gas turbine engine testing at the New Jersey Air National Guard 's 177th Fighter Wing , located at the Atlantic City Air National Guard Base in Egg Harbor Township , N.J. on Jan. 31 , 2017 . The Engine Test Cell Facility , commonly referred to as the `` Hush House '' , is a multi-function building used to perform diagnostic , troubleshooting and follow-on maintenance testing on uninstalled engines and perform high powered installed engine testing while the engine is in the F-16 aircraft . The General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan , which produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner and can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound . ( U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt . Andrew J. Moseley/Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.31.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 22:14 Photo ID : 3165542 VIRIN : 170131-Z-YH452-020 Resolution : 5534x3654 Size : 8.04 MB Location : EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP , NJ , US Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Engine test cell structure at New Jersey Air National Guard Base [ Image 1 of 9 ] , by MSgt Andrew Moseley , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
The Canadian Press
The University of Guelph is opening a research lab dedicated to improving testing and treatment for Lyme disease , a tick-borne bacteria that is increasingly affecting Canadians across the country .
The Ontario university 's lab is being set up with a $ 1.4-million grant from the G. Magnotta Foundation for Vector-Borne Diseases , named for Magnotta Winery co-founder Gabe Magnotta .
Magnotta died in 2009 from complications of Lyme disease . His wife and business partner Rossana Magnotta created the non-profit foundation in 2012 .
Lyme disease is caused by the bacteria Borrelia , which is transmitted through the bites of infected ticks .
Infected individuals initially experience flu-like symptoms . But left untreated , the disease can affect the skin , internal organs , musculoskeletal system , eyesight and hearing .
Lyme is often misdiagnosed , as its symptoms can mimic other neurological disorders such as multiple sclerosis , Lou Gehrig 's disease , Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's .
`` Lyme disease is increasingly recognized as a substantial threat across the country , and there is a profound need for high-quality science that can improve the lives of afflicted Canadians , '' said Melanie Wills , a research associate in the school 's molecular and cellular biology department , who will head the new lab .
We have been hearing a number of rumors centering the Galaxy Note 8 over the past few months . While some leaks give us an idea about its design , others reveal the features and specifications of the phablet .
However , now we have come to know the codename for the device . According to a tweet posted by the renowned tipster Evan Blass , instead of `` Great '' , the Galaxy Note 8 is codenamed as `` Samsung Gr3at '' . Unfortunately , he has n't given any explanations on why is it called as such . Well , in simple words , the device will be great due to its powerful features and specifications .
Going by the information we have obtained so far , the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is tipped to feature a 6.3-inch edge-to-edge Infinity Display with the aspect ratio of 18.5:9 just like the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus .
Apparently the codename for the Galaxy Note8 is not `` Great '' but ... wait for it ... '' Samsung Gr3at . '' — Evan Blass ( @ evleaks ) June 15 , 2017
Under the hood , it will most probably employ the Snapdragon 836 , which is rumored to feature a 2.5 GHz octa-core processor with GPU working at 740 Mhz . Other than that , the phablet will arrive with rear dual cameras and Android 7.1.1 Nougat right out of the box .
However , the fingerprint scanner placement still remains a confusing affair . Some leaks had suggested that the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 will feature a fingerprint sensor embedded into the display . Contradicting that , a Samsung official has reportedly said that the company is yet to figure out a way to do so . So , the Galaxy Note 8 will most probably come with a rear mounted biometric reader .
Considering the usual launch pattern of Samsung , the Galaxy Note lineup of devices gets unveiled at the IFA in late August or early September . The IFA 2017 is slated to start on September 1 , so it is likely that the Galaxy Note 8 will be unleashed a day or two before the expo .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A young Premier League star has admitted affray after a melee involving him , his mother and friends erupted with a separate group in a nightclub 's VIP area .
Bottles were thrown and weapons used when Newcastle United winger Rolando Aarons and members of his family and friends clashed with at least five men in the trendy Livello bar on Newcastle 's Quayside .
The England under-20 player , his mother Joan Jacob , 46 , and four others were originally charged with violent disorder but the prosecution accepted their guilty pleas to the lesser charge of affray .
Judge Edward Bindloss , sitting at Newcastle Crown Court , warned jail was a possibility and said the 90-second brawl at 2am in October 2016 was `` a serious incident with personal violence being used and items being thrown '' .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith )
( Image : PA )
One man in the other group suffered a `` nasty '' head injury , Judge Bindloss said , though this was caused indirectly after door staff intervened .
The judge said : `` Rolando Aarons and family and friends were celebrating a birthday and they were in Livello .
`` There was no indication of any trouble or problems hitherto . CCTV shows this incident blew up out of nowhere and suddenly there is a large melee involving numerous people . ''
( Image : Newcastle Chronicle )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Judge Bindloss said the injured man was hurt when door staff tried to escort him away from trouble - though he stressed there was no criticism of the doormen working that night .
The venue has been compensated for damage caused , the judge said .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
( Image : Tel : +44 191 265 7624 )
Only the injured man from the other group had made a witness statement and his friends had not helped police , the court heard .
The judge added : `` Some of them were clearly involved in using violence against Mr Aarons and his family and friends . ''
A member of the other group was the first to throw anything , the judge said . `` It can be said he escalated the incident . ''
( Image : PA Wire )
( Image : PA )
Aarons , who was born in Jamaica and raised in Bristol , made an immediate impact when he broke into the Newcastle United first team .
But the 22-year-old suffered injury set-backs and has now been loaned out to Hellas Verona in Italy .
The defendants were Aarons and his mother , both of Montagu Avenue , Gosforth , Newcastle ; his cousin Garfield White , 23 , a serving prisoner formerly of Wordsworth Road , Bristol and his friends Kallum Phillips , 23 , of Kensington Park , Bristol , and Jamar Collins , 22 , of Walker Close , Bristol .
Charges were dropped against White 's sister Sabrina , 24 , after it was accepted she acted as a peace-maker on the night .
The judge granted all defendants bail , except for Garfield White , ahead of sentencing on May 22 .
The judge said : `` All options remain open , including an immediate custodial sentence . ''
Fred Tucei has shared a lot in his 100 years - a lifetime of hard work , happy memories , and a passion for fishing that 's still going strong .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A team of researchers in the United States say they have cracked a contraceptive pill for males that has no known side effects .
The new drug has been tested on rhesus macaque monkeys at the Oregon National Primate Research Centre in the US and the results have been published in the science journal PLOS ONE .
Called EP055 , the drug stops the sperm 's ability to move by attaching itself to a specific protein that halts the fertilisation process .
The scientists found that the dosage worked for up to around 30 hours without any physical side effects to the monkeys at all . Eighteen days later , every monkey had made a complete recovery .
( Image : Getty )
The breakthrough suggests this could be used as a reversible form of birth control for men . After 78 hours , the research team found that the sperm was moving as normal again .
`` EP055 has the potential to be a male contraceptive that would provide a reversible , short-lived pharmacological alternative , '' the team wrote .
However , it is some time before this will be able to be tested on humans . For the moment , fellas will have to rely on either condoms or a surgical vasectomy to stop swimmers in their tracks .
By The Associated Press
CHATTANOOGA , Tenn. ( AP ) — Rodney Chatman scored 23 points and made seven of eight free throws and Chattanooga beat Charlotte 64-50 on Sunday for the 49ers ' fourth straight loss .
David Jean-Baptiste 's 3-pointer with 10:11 to play sparked a 19-4 run and his layup , which capped eight-straight points , gave Chattanooga ( 5-5 ) a 54-44 lead at the 5:46 mark . Chatman made a layup and Chattanooga led by 15 with 2:20 left to play .
Makinde London added 11 points with nine rebounds for Chattanooga , which made 13 free throws to Charlotte 's three to take a 3-2 lead in the series that was last played 45 years ago . The Mocs forced 20 Charlotte turnovers and held leading scorer Jon Davis ( 14.3 points per game ) to five points .
Charlotte 's Ryan Murphy and Hudson Price scored 10 points apiece in the first half and Murphy 's jumper tied it at 29 at halftime .
Price scored 15 and Murphy added 12 with four assists for Charlotte ( 3-6 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
JOSH Hazlewood has become Australia 's big wicket bounty hunter who has once again put a target on the head of England captain Joe Root in Perth .
Last summer the big right-armer knocked over South African great Hashim Amla five times in three Test matches , and already this Ashes he has got Root when it 's mattered most in both of the first two games .
By his own admission , Hazlewood is still warming to his task , but lopping the head of the snake is a skill in big series that can not be taught .
Hazlewood stopped Root 's comeback mission in Adelaide in its tracks with a clutch spell on the morning of day five and he has revealed how a unique intensity comes over him when he 's chasing the big scalps .
Camera Icon Josh Hazlewood ( L ) celebrates dismissing Joe Root in Adelaide . Picture : AFP
The advice to Hazlewood from Mitchell Johnson has been simple – “ bowl fast and bowl short . ”
“ It 's obviously a little bit more important … you 've got to be a bit more focused and there 's not as much room for error against those better players , ” said Hazlewood when targeting the best player in the opposition side .
“ You 've got to be on your game from ball one and he 's obviously going to punish anything that 's not your best ball .
BIG CALL : Marsh set for recall as Handscomb feels pinch
VAUGHAN : Ex-skipper unloads on England 's poor culture
BOWLING CARTEL : Aussie quicks toy with Mitch Marsh
MEMORABLE MOMENTS : Eight great WACA Ashes Test
“ Still , the key to him is bowling your best ball more often than not and hopefully keep the runs to a minimum and keep taking his wicket . ”
Pat Cummins has also got Root 's wicket twice this summer and Hazlewood said the England skipper is the main prize the Australian quicks are chasing .
They see Root 's wicket as the key to reclaiming the urn at the WACA , and Hazlewood warned he feels he 's nearing his best .
Camera Icon Josh Hazlewood had Joe Root ducking and weaving in Adelaide . Picture : AP
“ Absolutely ( I pride myself on the big wickets ) . I think all the bowlers want that wicket and there are obviously a couple of key ones which we 've talked about , ” he said .
“ Joe is obviously the key . He can hold the innings together and score runs pretty freely when he gets some poor bowling his way so everyone has to be ready when he comes in and stop that quick 20 or 30 runs early .
“ I think I 'm just getting better as time goes on . My length especially on the last day ( in Adelaide was good ) , so I 'll obviously be continuing to work on that . I think it 's on the rise so hopefully I 'll keep getting better . ”
Hazlewood said he relished the chance to link up with Mitchell Johnson at the WACA on Monday , with Australia 's former destroyer passing on tips he had picked up watching from afar .
Camera Icon Josh Hazlewood also claimed Root 's scalp in Brisbane . Picture : AAP
Johnson 's advice was as ruthless as his own bowling .
“ Bowl fast and keep bowling short . It 's a pretty simple method from Johnno , ” said Hazlewood .
“ You 're in the bubble the whole time ( when you 're playing ) . As soon as we got to Brisbane it was all cricket , all business .
“ You do feel in that bubble , and it takes some people from the outside to see things you 're not necessarily looking for .
“ Johnno was good to talk to yesterday not just bowling but the mental side of it . He mentioned he saw a few things similar to 2013-14 . Those guys are always good to talk to about past experiences . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
It seems we often report on crashes or other emergencies that shut down interstate highways in our area , and that has led to many of you asking why the roads are closed so long .
Drivers were stuck for more than 10 hours on Interstate 81 near Clarks Summit after a seven-vehicle crash in January . One tractor trailer caught on fire .
`` I have been watching the gas gauge as we go . Thank God my heat still works . ( It 's ) crazy , '' said one driver .
According to the U.S. Department of Energy , drivers waste more than 3 billion gallons of fuel a year waiting in traffic backups .
PennDOT officials in Harrisburg tell us in 2015 , there were 398 crashes on our interstates . The average wait time to get at least one lane open was about an hour and a half .
`` We do have to stop traffic and make sure we can identify and correct the issue , '' said PennDOT official Richard Roman . `` So if there is a tractor trailer on fire , or a car that is on the wrong side of how it should be , or someone is trapped in their vehicle , we need to make sure we stop traffic from getting into that area and causing even more harm to people and their vehicles so traffic does get stopped when we have issues on our roadways . ''
As part of his job at PennDOT , Roman oversees traffic on the interstates . He says there is no set standard on how long an interstate can stay closed after a crash .
`` Every situation is different , '' Roman said . `` You never want to rush a police officer who is doing a recreation because of a fatality and you do n't want to rush anything that hazards the environment , that needs to be cleaned up properly . There are fires that take two , three hours to just burn out and so you can have a 90-minute policy , but if the truck is still on fire , there is still a lot to deal with there . ''
So what happens after the first trooper responds ? And is it really necessary to close an interstate highway for 10 hours or more ?
We asked Trooper David Peters of the Pennsylvania State Police Hazleton barracks what happened at that crash in December that shut down Interstate 80 near Lake Harmony for 12 hours .
`` The one in Carbon County , in particular , was two tractor-trailers resulting in a fatal collision . At that point in time , that is going to cause a more extensive lane closure and road closure for a period of time because of reconstruction . We have to determine how that crash occurred to determine whether or not criminal charges will be filed in the particular case , '' explained Trooper Peters .
Officials tell us reconstruction can take hours and troopers have one chance to get all the evidence from the original scene .
In this instance , not only did they have to put out a fire , they also had to remove a body , reconstruct the scene , and call environmental protection units to help clean up fuel that spilled onto the road .
`` It can take an extensive period of time to get the manpower you need to either shut down this exit here , get the sign boards in place , and start moving people , alleviate that oncoming traffic so you can get rid of that backlog . It depends on how fast you can there . I 'd love to say in a situation like that , we do get people there quite quickly , but they are navigating through the backlog , too , and if you have a five-mile backlog , well , they are traveling on the berm , they are n't coming the wrong way , so yes , it takes time , '' said Peters .
Now that we have a little bit of a better understanding of what happens in Pennsylvania , we decided to visit our neighbors to the north and find out what troopers do in New York State .
`` This is a time-consuming process , even with the technology available to us today , '' said New York State Police Capt . Jon Lupo .
Driving on Interstate 87 in upstate New York is a lot like driving on our interstates with two lanes weaving through woods and mountains .
We went to Albany to ask New York State Police about how crashes are handled there .
`` A crash that I can think of there was a fatality involved and the scene had to be shut down so that proper investigations , both by our collision reconstruction unit and other responding agencies , and by the time it was done , we had been there well over six hours . Even after we clear the scene and open all the lanes up , you 're still going to have backups for many minutes after , '' said Capt . Lugo .
The Federal Highway Administration was not able to give us any guidelines on how long highways should be closed after crashes or how the length of interstate closures varies from state to state .
The feds say how long highways are closed is a decision that 's made at the state level .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Dennis Edwards has sadly died just one day before his 75th birthday .
The former lead singer of The Temptations has passed away in hospital following complications from meningitis .
The sad news was confirmed by his family to American news organisation CBS Chicago .
Grammy-winning Dennis will forever be remembered for crooning his way through huge hits such as Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone and I Ca n't Get Next To You .
He would have turned 75 tomorrow .
Dennis passed away in Chicago , reportedly while going through rehabilitation suffering from an aneurysm .
( Image : Redferns via Getty )
( Image : Michael Ochs Archives )
( Image : WireImage )
( Image : Redferns )
Dennis ' nephew , Jason Quebec , paid tribute to him online , saying : `` My uncle Dennis Edwards passed away this morning . Please keep my family in prayer .
`` You were truly a class act , Dennis . I will miss you more than words can describe . It 's been a privilege to have been in your presence . ''
Dennis joined The Temptations in 1968 , replacing David Ruffin , and enjoyed many stints with the group up until 1989 .
He also attempted a solo career , landing a hit in 1984 with his single Do n't Look Any Further .
Dennis had served time in the US military before auditioning for Detroit 's Motown Records in 1966 .
He was signed but placed on retainer , but got his big break when he was brought in to join The Contours after their lead singer fell ill .
The group were the opening act for the Temptations on a number of occasions , and group members Eddie Kendricks and Otis Williams liked what they saw in Eddie .
They 'd already been thinking about getting rid of their current lead singer , David Ruffin , and went on to recruit Dennis , who quit the Contours to join the band .
The Temptations ' story went on to be made into a 1998 television mini series , with Charles Ley taking on the role of Dennis .
However , Dennis was n't either heavily focused on , as the series gave more attention to the era when Ruffin was in the group .
Dennis , who was born in Alabama in 1943 , was once married to Pointer Sisters singer Ruth Pointer . They tied the knot in Las Vegas in 1977 but it was a brief marriage .
He later remarried a woman named Brenda .
( Image : Getty Images North America )
( Image : Getty Images North America )
( Image : Redferns )
They had one daughter , Issa Pointer , who went on to become a member of her mother 's vocal group .
It had been reported in May last year that Dennis was 'seriously ill ' .
Journalist Ken Bedford posted on Facebook at the time : `` Prayers are needed for singer Dennis Edwards of the Temptations . He was admitted to a St Louis hospital after returning from a concert date in Canada last week . He is seriously ill and I wo n't say any more until until his wife releases details .
`` As for now until further information is released please join me in praying for his recovery . Upcoming dates included the OJays in a couple of weeks . I have known Dennis for many years and he along with Chris Arnold also of the Temptations , who lives in Chicago , have been major supporters of my Breast cancer awareness program by performing 'live ' . ''
He posted an update today , announcing that Dennis had sadly died .
Sharing a picture of himself with the star , he wrote : `` I am very saddened to tell you that Dennis Edwards of the Temptations has died . He was in Chicago at the time going through rehab after suffering from an aneurysm last fall .
`` My deepest condolences to his wife Brenda and his children and Chris Arnold , a member of the group who lives in Chicago . It was at the request of the family that his condition not be made public and I respected that . However they did want me to ask for your Prayers . The family is grateful for all of your Prayers and concerns .
`` God Bless you Dennis and Thank you for your friendship ! ''
Mumbai : The Mumbai civic body 's education department has said that controversial preacher Zakir Naik 's Islamic International School ( IIS ) in south Mumbai is operating without authorisation .
Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation 's south Mumbai region education inspector B B Chavan , in a letter issued yesterday , stated that no school can run without the NOC ( no objection certificate ) of the local governing body , as defined under provisions of the Right to Education Act , 2009 .
It was also mentioned in the letter that parents should not enrol their children in IIS .
However , it was not specified in it if the school has obtained the NOC .
Meanwhile , Samajwadi Party MLA Abu Asim Azmi , who recently took over the school , alleged that `` there was a conspiracy to harass '' the institution 's management .
The school , which has around 135 students and conducts classes from nursery to class X , was taken over by Azmi 's Niyaz Minority Education and Welfare Trust .
`` The school is being run on the same lines ( as earlier ) with only some changes , including in its name and management . I have taken the premises on rent and have done nothing to invite the fury of the education department , '' said Azmi , who is the legislator from Mumbai 's Mankhurd Shivaji Nagar Assembly constituency .
However , he also said that the school management would get in touch with the education department and find out if any more permissions are required to run it .
`` I would not want any controversy . Neither me nor the education department would want to jeopardise the future of the students . Therefore , I have asked our team to get in touch with the education officers and obtain all the required permissions , '' Azmi said .
Notably , the Maharashtra government had in December last year informed the parents of the students of IIS that it would either be shut or brought under a new management .
Azmi had last year requested the Maharashtra government not to close down the IRF-run school saying doing so will jeopardise the future of students enrolled there . He had made the request to state Education Minister Vinod Tawde .
In November last year , the Union Home Ministry had banned the IRF for five years under Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act for its alleged involvement in terror acts .
Besides the IRF , Naik is also the founding trustee of the IRF Educational Trust and the Islamic Dimensions Trust .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man faces jail after he admitted causing the death of an 18-year-old student by dangerous driving - just 400m from her front door .
Kieran McGowan , 23 , was told he is facing a prison sentence after admitting the charge over the death of `` beautiful '' Kate Whalley .
Kate suffered fatal head injuries after being hit by a black Ford Fiesta ST driven by McGowan , Leeds Crown Court heard .
The incident happened on a blind bend on the A660 in Pool-in-Wharfedale , West Yorkshire , at about 4.40pm on June 22 last year .
Kate had just sat her penultimate A-level exam at Harrogate Grammer School and was about to sit the last one the next day .
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
Despite her injuries she was kept alive for around 30 hours at Leeds General Infirmary to allow doctors time to organise recipients for her nine organs - saving a handful of lives .
Speaking at the time , her father Michael Whalley , 54 , who was at court for the hearing , said : `` I think it 's wonderful . It just shows the spirit and zest for life that Kate had that she wanted to give life to others .
`` It expresses the selfless character she was and what a beautiful young woman she was .
`` She had the most beautiful smile - she was an intelligent , confident , beautiful young woman in every way . ''
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
Kate 's family said she was confident she would have achieved the two A grades and one B she needed after being offered a place to study psychology at Newcastle University in September .
McGowan , of Harrogate , North Yorkshire pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving today .
Judge Guy Kearl , QC , warned McGowan that his conviction was `` automatically going to lead to a custodial sentence . ''
McGowan was granted bail - but was made the subject of an interim driving ban .
He will be sentenced on June 14 .
Two Bodden Town men are now on bail for arson after police say they suspect the men set a house on fire on Friday ( 20 April ) .
According an RCIPS statement a 60-year-old and a 59-year-old man , both of Bodden Town , were detained on suspicion of arson .
Police say around 11 a.m. Friday emergency responders were called to a report of a fire at a house on Nettie Levy Close in Bodden Town .
The blaze caused significant damage to the house . No value for the damage was given . Investigations continue .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Officers removed five adult dogs including three Doberman Pinschers , one German Shepherd and one husky .
The adult female German Shepherd was found to be pregnant .
Pennsylvania officials say they have seized 15 dogs from a breeder 's home , including three that were illegally debarked.Gillian Kocher , spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , says 10 puppies and five adult dogs were removed from the unlicensed breeder in Quarryville May 24.Kocher says three adult dogs were debarked by a pipe that was repeatedly pushed down their throats to damage their vocal chords.Debarking or the devocalization of dogs is banned under Pennsylvania law unless it is performed by a licensed veterinarian using anesthesia.The dogs are currently in the custody of the PSPCA where they will receive medical care.An investigation into the breeder is ongoing .
4:27 Prelude to 'Hamilton ' Pause
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant
1:38 How hearing loss affects 'Hamilton ' music director Alex Lacamoire
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
Bollywood is known for its controversies and celebrities who create them . Previously only actors made the headlines thanks to their statements or acts , but now even musicians have joined the list .
Here 's a list of few Bollywood singers who got into controversies :
Sonu Nigam
Sonu Nigam is one of the most renowned singers from the industry . But today morning , the singer miffed several fans after he went on a religious rant .
On being woken up to the sound of ‘ azaan ' , the singer took to Twitter to slam the practice . He tweeted , “ God bless everyone . I 'm not a Muslim and I have to be woken up by the Azaan in the morning . When will this forced religiousness end in India ”
God bless everyone . I 'm not a Muslim and I have to be woken up by the Azaan in the morning . When will this forced religiousness end in India — Sonu Nigam ( @ sonunigam ) April 16 , 2017
And by the way Mohammed did not have electricity when he made Islam .. Why do I have to have this cacophony after Edison ?
And by the way Mohammed did not have electricity when he made Islam .. Why do I have to have this cacophony after Edison ? — Sonu Nigam ( @ sonunigam ) April 17 , 2017
The singer further tweeted I do n't believe in any temple or gurudwara using electricity To wake up people who do n't follow the religion . Why then .. ? Honest ? True ?
I do n't believe in any temple or gurudwara using electricity To wake up people who do n't follow the religion . Why then .. ? Honest ? True ? — Sonu Nigam ( @ sonunigam ) April 17 , 2017
He even termed the practice as Gundagardi .
Gundagardi hai bus… — Sonu Nigam ( @ sonunigam ) April 17 , 2017
This is not the first time when the singer has landed into trouble . Last year Sonu Nigam used the flight announcement system to sing after it was allowed by the air hostesses on the Jet Airways flight . Due to this five Cabin Crew members on the flight were taken off from flight duty for inquiry .
Abhijeet Bhattacharya
Abhijeet Bhattacharya has shown his great ability in the field of singing . He has sung songs in more than 15 languages including Bengali , Oriya , Bhojpuri , Marathi and Gujarati . The singer made a rather controversial statement in 2015 , when sessions court in Mumbai sentenced actor Salman Khan to five years in jail in connection with the 2002 hit-and-run case . He came in support of Salman by tweeting “ Kutta rd pe soyega kutte ki maut marega , roads garib ke baap ki nahi hai I ws homles an year nvr slept on rd. ” ( Dogs sleep on the road and die like dogs . Roads are not ancestral properties of poor . I was homeless for a year and never slept on roads ) .
This raised a lot of anger among several Twitter users as well as among the media for allegedly making insensitive comments .
Later Abhijeet apologized and reversed his statement , saying he meant to say , “ A Human Dsnt deserve to die a Dog 's Death ” .
A Human Dsnt deserve to die a Dog 's Death pic.twitter.com/FUNVB5jyLa — abhijeet ( @ abhijeetsinger ) May 6 , 2015
Ankit Tiwari
Ankit Tiwari , the playback singer who rose to fame with Aashiqui 2 song ‘ Sunn Raha Hai ' landed in a rather big legal soup . In 2014 , Ankit was arrested for allegedly raping a 28-year-old advertising professional , while his brother was booked on a complaint of making threats to her life .
The complaint was registered at the Versova police station . In her statement , she said that he raped her on many occasions since July 2013 , after promising marriage .
Mika Singh
When it comes to controversies , Punjabi singer Mika Singh is in the news every now and then . From slapping a fan to fighting with singer Shaan on national television , Mika has been in the news for all . But the singer grabbed major limelight when he kissed Bollywood item girl Rakhi Sawant in 2006 . The incident saw Mika forcibly kissing Rakhi Sawant on her lips during his birthday bash . Rakhi was clearly not amused and filed a case of molestation against the singer . Some call it a publicity act while some claim it a revenge taken by Mika Singh .
Himesh Reshammiya
Himesh Reshammiya has always been famous for his singing style . Himesh was caught in a huge controversy when he made a statement on the legendary singer R.D.Burman . Himesh 's comment , “ No one had ever raised that point about legendary singer-musician RD Burman , ” made a sensation .
The statement disturbed singer Asha Bhonsle , who was married to Burman , to such a level that she expressed her desire to slap Himesh for stating that . Himesh later realized his mistake and apologized saying “ I do n't know what has hit me . It was never my intention to insult Panchamda ( RD ) . How can I , when I 've grown up learning music compositions by Laxmikant-Pyarelal and RD ? ” .
Anu Malik
Anu Malik has been accused of plagiarism at numerous occasions , a charge he denies . Apart from that in 1995 , the singer was accused of sexual misconduct by co-worker Alisha Chinai . However , the case was dropped later but these serious allegations were enough to spoil his name in the industry .
iPhone models are diverging . Last year you had to pay a bit more to get an iPhone 7 Plus instead of an iPhone 7 , but the gap has widened even further .
There are now three models , the iPhone 8 , iPhone 8 Plus and the mysterious-sounding iPhone X .
We 're going to compare the two ‘ cheaper ' variants to see which one mere mortals who do n't want to buy the most expensive iPhone ever will get .
Design
One of our top hopes for the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus was that Apple would use a new slim-surround design like , for example , the Samsung Galaxy S8 . This is a sticking point for the Plus models , which are very large for phones with 5.5-inch screens .
That has n't changed . The iPhone 8 Plus is still a pocket-botherer , so the iPhone 8 may be the better choice if you just ca n't stand large phones .
Apple has n't simply kept the same casing as before , though . These phones have aluminium sides , but glass on the back and front .
This lets Apple add some depth to the color finishes . There are seven layers to the back , for a dynamic look like that of the Galaxy S8 or Honor 9 . You can get the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus in the familiar silver and Space Grey , as well as a new gold tone .
Some people may groan at the mention of more smash-able glass on these new iPhones , but it also allows for Apple 's new AirPower wireless charging . This uses the Qi standard , so you can charge them using most wireless charging pads .
One benefit specific to the Plus model is a stereo speaker array . There 's a driver at the bottom of the phone and another towards the top , getting you better sound , particular when playing a game or watching a video in landscape orientation .
Apple says you get 25 per cent more volume than an iPhone 7 Plus too . A lot of the features core from the last generation remain , though , including the Touch ID panel below the screen and Apple 's Lightning connector .
Both phones are splashed and dust resistant , to the IP67 standard . This means you can dunk them in water , but we seriously recommend not going so . Take your phone to a Genius bar when something goes wrong and they 'll know . They always know .
Display
Apple calls the displays of the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Retina HD . That makes it sound like the resolution has been upgraded . But it has n't . Apple has been using this term since the iPhone 6 . For more pixels you 'll need to buy the more expensive iPhone X .
The iPhone 8 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen and it 's very large in the hand .
These phones have the same core specs as last year 's models . The iPhone 8 has a 4.7-inch 1366 x 768 pixel IPS LCD screen , the iPhone 8 Plus a 5.5-inch 1080p IPS LCD .
Like the iPhone 7 family , they a wide colour gamut designed to satisfy the cinema DCI P3 standard rather than the less saturated sRGB , the traditional standard for displays . Colours will be punchy and bold , but not comic book oversaturated like some Androids .
What 's changed this time is that the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus screens will now react to ambient light conditions , altering the colour temperature to suit .
OS and power
Both the iPhone 8 and iPhone X have the Apple A11 CPU . It 's a six-core chipset , which does n't sound too powerful when even budget Androids have eight cores .
However , comparing Android and Apple processors by this metric has been a dead end for years . We fully expect these to be some of the most powerful phones in existence - we 'll test this in our upcoming full reviews .
Apple says the two performance cores are 25 % faster than last year 's , and the four “ day to day ” efficiency cores are a massive 70 % faster . GPU power has also been boosted by 30 % .
The raw power of the two phones is the same . However , we do expect to see a difference in RAM , as there was last year between the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus .
Apple is yet to confirm this , but the iPhone 8 is likely to have 2GB RAM , the iPhone 8 Plus 3GB . How can we be sure ? We ca n't , but this would match last year 's models .
Storage options are a little different this time around . You can get the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus with either 64GB or 256GB storage . There 's no ‘ budget ' 32GB option , and no 128GB one either .
Camera
There remains a big disparity between the cameras of the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus , mirroring what we saw with the 7-series phones
The iPhone 8 has a single rear camera , the iPhone 8 Plus has two . This means the smaller phone can not use Portrait mode , which blurs out the background to get you photos that have the look of a DSLR shot taken with a wide aperture lens .
The dual-rear camera on the iPhone 8 Plus
Apple has spiced-up Portrait mode this year too , with Portrait Lighting . This is a clever trick that analyses faces and lets you digitally alter the lighting to make it look as though they were taken in a studio .
There are four Portrait Lighting modes . Studio Light and Contour Light offer a different light mapping across faces , while Stage Light and Stage Light Mono black out the background to isolate your subject even more .
Like last year , the iPhone 8 Plus 's secondary rear camera has a 2x lens , letting you zoom in without sacrificing detail .
The iPhone 8 misses out on some goodies . However , it does at least have optical image stabilization ( OIS ) , which will improve low-light performance . The iPhone 7 did n't have this .
The rear shooter on the iPhone 8
OIS stops hand movement from blurring your shots , and lets the camera use slower shutter speeds at night , resulting in less noisy photos .
Both main rear cameras have a new 12-megapixel sensor and an f/1.8 lens . And both benefit from a new ISP .
As well as improving general image processing , this enables some pretty impressive video feats . The phones can shoot 4K video at 60fps , up from 30fps last year , and slow-motion 240fps footage at 1080p . Last year 's iPhone 7 phones could only shoot 240fps slo-mo at 720p .
You also get a quad-LED flash , with Apple 's multi-tone tech for better looking skin tones . Around the front the selfie cameras remain largely unchanged , each phone using a 7-megapixel sensor .
iPhone 8 vs iPhone 8 Plus price
The iPhone 8 costs $ 699/£699 for the 64GB model , and $ 849/£849 for the 256GB version . You 'll pay £100 extra for the iPhone 8 Plus . That 's $ 799/£799 for the 64GB flavour , and $ 949/£949 for the 256GB model .
If you 're going to fork out for the higher storage variant , an extra 10 % does n't seem like too much more to pay for a larger screen and a much more versatile camera .
Takeaway
Next to the iPhone X , the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus seem a bit ordinary . A bit familiar . The differences that existed last year between the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus remain , and Apple has n't fixed the oversized frame of the Plus model either .
For real excitement you need to spend even more on the iPhone X .
But until that winning lottery ticket arrives , the iPhone 8 Plus has a few features the iPhone 8 lacks . It would be our pick of these two unless you do n't fancy living with the larger phone 's wide load frame .
It 's rough in the friendly skies . There have been countless reports of racism on airplanes , from Maxine Waters being stalked while onboard to a Black female doctor being ignored who was trying to help someone in need of medical assistance . However , with this latest incident , the airline may have gotten it right — and it was n't Delta or United .
According to multiple Spanish media outlets , a 70-year-old man boarded a Binter Canarias flight to La Palma at North Tenerife Airport . Witnesses claimed he made racist comments to the Black flight attendant . El Pais reported that the man said “ I do n't want blacks around me ! ” It is not known why he he had this breakdown .
The racist was confronted by the plane 's captain , who ordered the man to leave , but he refused . Multiple security guards were called and the man eventually exited the plane without further incident . Watch the video below .
Thankfully , this man was properly handled . Delta and United could learn from Binter Canarias .
SEE ALSO :
Mike Pence , Tim Kaine Miss Opportunity To Confront Racism & Implicit Bias In Policing
United And Delta Support The NRA ? Spirit Airlines , Here We Come !
American Airlines Employees To Take Anti-Racism Training After NAACP Issued Travel Advisory
Gold medalist Morgan Hurd of Middletown , Delaware , performs her floor exercise during the women 's individual all-around final at the Artistic Gymnastics World Championships Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 in Montreal . ( Photo : Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP )
Delaware 's Morgan Hurd won the all-around title in the world gymnastics championships Friday night , spoiling Ellie Black 's bid to become the first Canadian winner .
The 16-year-old Hurd edged Black by 0.101 points , finishing with 55.232 points in her world championships debut . Russia 's Eremina Elena was third at 54.799 .
“ It 's crazy that I was even competing here , ” said Hurd , from Middletown . “ To think that I won is just the most surreal feeling in the world . ”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE 2015 : Morgan Hurd finished eighth at the P & G Championships in Indianapolis , and at 14 already has college and national gymnastics scouts keeping an eye on her . KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL
American Ragan Smith , the favorite to win the gold medal , was forced to withdraw from the final after injuring her ankle during the vault warm up at Olympic Stadium .
BACKGROUND : Teen trains 30 hours per week for Olympic dream
Black is a five-time Canadian champion .
“ I 'm standing here with the silver medal , so I 'm pretty happy with that , ” said Black , from Halifax , Nova Scotia . “ There are ups and downs in gymnastics , there are mistakes that are made . It 's part of the sport . There are probably a bunch of athletes who would love to be in my position right now . I just feel so fortunate to have had this opportunity and to be here tonight . ”
0:06 Plano police release video of Grapevine suspect Pause
2:41 Plastic surgeon details surgery plan for patient who wants to look like Melania Trump
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
1:34 ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does his impression of Gary Patterson
2:19 Dallas Mavs Dancers
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:37 Cowboys donate time , merch to Hurricane Harvey evacuees
Share . Dynamic character storytelling on an interplanetary scale . Dynamic character storytelling on an interplanetary scale .
I ca n't recall how many times during my meeting with the development team of Beyond Good & Evil 2 I thought to myself , “ This is impossible. ” While the trailer shown at Ubisoft 's E3 conference was more of a development announcement , our post-show meeting was where the concept and true potential of BG & E2 really came into focus . The goal is a seamless multi-planet world populated by dynamically-generated characters , with unique stories being told and optional social interaction throughout . I may have initially scoffed at these ambitious ideas , but by the end of our meeting I was enthralled , not to mention giggling like a child out of sheer amazement at the fact that this could really work .
What we actually saw was a demonstration of the team 's new engine , one they 've been working on for the better part of three years , and the potential that it offers for the world they want to build . “ We wanted to emphasize with this game is the sense of scale , '' explained Ubisoft Montpellier 's senior producer Guillaume Brunier , “ So we developed the technology to let us go from a very small , tiny place in a big city [ all the way ] to space exploration. ” Referring to some nearby concept art , he described the idea that players could go from within an intimate location , like a noodle bar or back alley , and walk outside through the fully-designed city , then hop into a ship and fly to the other side of the planet , or evey beyond that to another world entirely - all without load times or transitions .
“ It 's a big simulation .
In the case of our demonstration , we began next to a huge frigate , floating lazily next to the giant statue of Ganesh seen in the trailer . And , almost exactly framed as it was during the press conference , a sprawling city stood in the background . Creative Director Michel Ancel , who was controlling the demo , guided the camera back from the frigate , passing over rivers and open plains . “ We are just a little city in the middle of a little island , in the middle of little planet , ” he said , pulling back further and further , until the whole city was barely visible and we were looking at the top half of the entire globe . “ It 's just a satellite of a gigantic planet , ” he said with a laugh , referencing the massive ringed planet sitting off in the distance . `` It 's a big simulation . ''
Beyond Good & Evil 2 Location Art 8 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 8 Concept art from Beyond Good & Evil 2 . 01 OF 8 Concept art from Beyond Good & Evil 2 . Beyond Good & Evil 2 Location Art Download Image Captions ESC
“ We are in a huge universe , ” he continued , zooming back into the surface of the planet , making a point to show off that we could stop in on the other side of the world before returning to our ship outside Ganesh City . “ The spaceship , you can consider it your house , ” he explained while we re-oriented around the statue , “ We can also use it as a garage. ” Then , just like in the trailer , the front of our ship unfolded , and a smaller , more nimble-looking vessel piloted itself out of the belly of our giant frigate . Or , perhaps I should say Knox piloted it , since we then zoomed the camera inside this smaller ship - and Michel was suddenly controlling the wisecracking chimp from the trailer . With the touch of a button he was outside , standing on top the smaller ship , though it now appeared to be about half a block in length .
“ To see such fine detail in a tech demo was both stunning and reassuring .
From here , as my jaw hung slack , he activated a jetpack and began flying towards the statue of Ganesh - which had appeared to only be a few feet high , and now loomed ahead of us like some gargantuan titan in a greek myth . As we approached the statue , it was especially impressive to see that every bolt and weld on the plates of the statue 's head , were visible . To see such fine detail in a mere tech demo was both stunning and reassuring - and made the ideas that the team had for Beyond 's story and world seem much more achievable .
Continues
JACKSON — An informational meeting will be held by a Columbus law firm at 6 p.m. Tuesday in Jackson dealing with a natural gas pipeline anticipated to be constructed through Vinton , Jackson , parts of Gallia and Lawrence County .
The Columbus law firm of Goldman & Braunstein , attorneys dealing in in eminent domain , pipeline and easement law , will hold a free informational meeting for landowners impacted by the pipeline at 6 p.m. , Tues. , Dec. 12 , at the Quality Inn at 605 E. Main Steet in Jackson . All interested parties are invited to attend .
International pipeline company TransCanada , reportedly the same company that built the controversial Keystone Pipeline , plans to construct 64 miles of 36-inch diameter pipe in Vinton , Jackson and Lawrence counties between McArthur and Burlington . The proposed route with reportedly pass through MacArthur , Hamden , Wellson , Jackson , Oak Hill , Markin Fork , South Point and Burlington valve sites .
According to a press release , 80 percent of the pipeline will be within the existing right-of-way corridor and 20 percent will require new right-of-way , according to TransCanada 's preliminary filings with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . The pipeline will connect with the new Columbia Leach Xpress pipeline that was constructed this year between Marshall County , W. Va. , and Hocking County , Ohio .
The project has potential major ramifications for landowners whose properties are located along the existing right-of-way , as well as for those whose property will be crossed for the first time . In addition to using eminent domain where new right-of-way is required , TransCanada may claim that it is entitled to build the pipeline within the existing right-of-way under old easements with little compensation to the landowners , if any , the release claims . However , the terms of the old easements will vary and the law may entitle landowners to more money than TransCanada could offer .
Travels through Greenfield Township
Kesha and Macklemore Will Conquer 2018 with 'The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore ' Tour ( PRNewsfoto/Live Nation Entertainment )
Kesha and Macklemore are going on tour together , and your friends here at LIVE 101.5 want to hook you up with tickets to this uplifting show !
How to win :
Listen to LIVE this Monday through Friday !
Tune in to Jeana this Monday through Friday !
Listen for your cue to call and dial 602-260-1015 .
Be the selected caller for your chance to win tickets !
Event Details
Date : June 6 , 2018
Venue : Ak-Chin Pavilion
Address : 2121 N 83rd Ave , Phoenix , AZ 85035
For more information , click here !
Phoenix ( Ariz. ) Mountain Pointe athlete Lacarea Pleasant-Johnson has seen his recruiting stock rise this spring in a big way . The 6-foot-2 , 175-pound three-star prospect has received all of his rec ...
Eric Church is as passionate a singer-songwriter as you get in Nashville , but he 's not known for being emotional : During every concert , he shields his eyes behind his signature sunglasses .
But Wednesday night at the Grand Ole Opry , Church could n't hide his emotions as he talked about headlining the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas last Friday night , two days before a gunman killed 58 people and injured hundreds in the audience . He broke down as he remembered the fans joyfully basking in the music .
`` I saw that crowd . I saw them with the hands in the air ... and what I saw , that moment in time , was frozen . There 's no amount of bullets that can take it away , '' Church said , his voice breaking . He turned away from the microphone and tried to compose himself .
`` That night , something broke in me , on Sunday when that happened , '' he said tearfully . `` And the only way I 've ever fixed anything that 's been broken in me is with music . So I wrote a song . ''
Church played a new song with lyrics that included : `` The Lord is my refuge , my fortress , my God with whom I trust/But I 'll never know why the wicked gets to prey on the rest of us . '' He then segued into his ballad `` Those I 've Loved '' and ended with a cover of Leonard Cohen 's `` Hallelujah . ''
He also paid tribute to Sonny Melton , a 29-year-old surgical nurse from Tennessee who died in Las Vegas while shielding his wife , Heather , from the shooter . Heather Melton told CNN that they went to the festival because Church would be there , and they had tickets to see him at the Opry on Wednesday . Church turned the crowd 's attention to their two empty seats .
Washington Post
ROANOKE , Va. - Success , breeds success . At the home of the Colonels , the girls basketball program has experienced the most success it ever has -- under the tenure of coach Champ Hubbard .
`` As soon as I got here , I said , 'We want to win , we 're not trying to lose , ' '' Hubbard said .
More Headlines
He and his coaching staff set the standards immediately and yielded rich results in the process .
`` We were able to make make sure that the kids realized that it 's important to play for yourself first , form a unified bond . And then , from that point , the winning started to happen , '' said Hubbard .
Not only did the wins come , but they came in abundance . The team 's biggest run came in a three-year span when the Colonels reached the Group 4A State Finals in 2014 and 2016 , and a semifinal appearance in 2015 . It was a run that shed a positive light on William Fleming and brought a sense of pride to the program .
`` They they act like we 're not normal people and we do n't do what we 're supposed to be doing here at William Fleming . So I 've always came up with one saying that 's always stuck with us is stereotype of success , '' Hubbard said .
Speaking of success , during his time , Hubbard has had nine players receive division one scholarships offers -- and more than a dozen going on to play division one or division two . Accomplishments like that speak to the impact Hubbard has had on the school .
`` It 's everything because , you know , you do this because you want to , of course , win championships , '' Hubbard said . `` You want to win for your school , you want to represent your community . But to see that these kids are growing up through your program and graduating and doing something special for the community , that 's just as important as bringing home a trophy for the community . ''
`` It 's actually very motivating , like it 's really good to be like 'Oh yeah , coach Hubbard 's my coach , '' said current player Kensey Ferguson .
`` I play for William Fleming high school and stuff . Just to walk around and be like that is very honorable . ''
As Hubbard continues his farewell tour this season , he 's optimistic that perhaps there could be a storybook ending to his coaching career at Fleming . But regardless of how this season ends , he said he wants to be remembered as such :
`` I was a fair guy , passionate guy -- emotional , as you saw -- but committed to William Fleming High School , committed to Roanoke City , committed to 540 and committed to basketball . ''
But Hubbard does n't plan to walk away from athletics altogether . To see what he 's focusing his future endeavors on and how it will still benefit student-athletes , click here .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
PARIS : Two French military training helicopters collided and crashed Friday in a wooded area of Provence , killing five people aboard , police said .
Officials said the crash occurred between the small towns of Cabasse and Carces , in the picturesque Var region , about 50 kilometers ( 30 miles ) north of Saint-Tropez .
Police cordoned off roads throughout a broad zone around the crash site , and some three dozen police and military officials were dispatched to the scene , according to a local gendarme .
The gendarme said three people aboard one helicopter were killed and two people on the other . Officials gave conflicting information about how many people were aboard altogether and whether anyone had survived the crash .
Debris scattered across two large zones , but the area is uninhabited and no one on the ground was hurt , said the gendarme , who was n't authorized to be publicly named .
French Defense Minister Florence Parly was expected to travel to the region later Friday .
A spokeswoman for the French army said the helicopters came from the army 's light aviation school based in nearby Le-Cannet-des-Maures . The school includes a special joint training program with German military pilots , and its pilots are sometimes used for firefighting operations in the area.—AP
loading ...
The Houston Rockets surged to their 10th straight NBA victory with a 130-123 win over the New Orleans Pelicans .
Clint Capela recorded a career-high 28 points in a gripping match , while James Harden finished with 26 points and 17 assists .
With the scores tied with just three minutes remaining , Harden scored seven straight points before making two free throws to clinch the win for the Rockets .
It was a tough night for Eastern Conference leaders the Boston Celtics , who struggled without injured top scorer Kyrie Irving and lost 108-85 to the Chicago Bulls .
Australian Aron Baynes started at centre and had ten points for the Celtics .
The Bulls built up a healthy lead in the second quarter on their way to a much-needed third straight win .
Goran Dragic led the way for the Miami Heat , scoring 19 points as his side beat the Memphis Grizzlies 107-82 , while the Charlotte Hornets scored a rare road victory as they overcame the Oklahoma Thunder 116-103 - only their second win on the road this season .
Dwight Howard led six Hornets players in double figures with a team-high 23 points .
Elsewhere , Kevin Durant scored 28 points as the Golden State Warriors toppled the Portland Trail Blazers 111-104 and the Los Angeles Clippers came from behind to beat the Toronto Raptors 96-91 .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has claimed he is not interested in the vacant Italy job and want to see out the remaining 18 months of his contract .
The Chelsea boss was named among the candidates for his national side yesterday by the Italian FA . And the former Juventus coach has looked increasingly unhappy in London with results on and off the pitch .
Alessandro Costacurta intends to start interviewing coaches for the Italy job Conte held at Euro 2016 .
But Conte said : “ I can tell that Costacurta is a friend and we played together in the national team in 1994 . Maybe he forgot that I still have 18 months left on this contract and I intend to respect this contract . ”
( Image : AFP )
Conte is still expected to leave this summer after two seasons at Stamford Bridge – if he is not sacked first . Roman Abramovich has dismissed three coaches mid-season in the past .
But the Italian said : “ The speculation does n't affect me . I hope you are starting to know me . This season always the same . A lot of pressure . I ask myself why . This is Chelsea – this is the only answer . The pressure is normal . For me the pressure is life
If I stay without pressure , I dont like . I like to have pressure . I like this sort of station . No pressure is not good for me , not good for the players . ”
Chelsea face Watford on Monday but Conte said new signings Olivier Giroud and Emerson Palmieri would not start . Thomas Christensen is out with a hamstring strain but Willian could return .
The two Koreas on Wednesday held a friendly basketball match in Pyongyang in the latest effort at sports diplomacy between the neighbours .
A group of 50 male and female players from the South arrived in the North 's capital on Tuesday for four rounds of friendlies on Wednesday and Thursday -- agreed at the inter-Korea summit held in April .
The South 's delegation was led by Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon , in the first visit by a Seoul official since the landmark summit between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump .
Cho 's visit will overlap with a trip to Pyongyang by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo , who is tasked with fleshing out details for the denuclearisation deal between Kim and Trump .
It was unclear whether Cho would meet with Kim or Pompeo , the unification ministry said .
For Wednesday 's two rounds of `` mixed '' matches for women and men each team was comprised of both South and North Korean athletes .
Photo : Reuters
Cho and his North Korean counterpart Ri Son Gwon watched the women 's match that started at around 3:30pm ( 0630 GMT ) at the 12,000-seat Ryugyong Chung Ju-Yung Gymnasium , pool reports said .
Basketball is Kim 's favourite sport but he has not made an appearance so far , they added .
Sporting co-operation helped spark the current diplomatic thaw between the two Koreas -- which are still technically at war -- after the North sent a high-level delegation and athletes to the Winter Olympics held in the South in February .
The two Koreas also recently announced they would field joint teams in three sports -- canoeing , rowing and women 's basketball -- at the upcoming Asian Games .
Photo : Reuters
Kim -- who has met former Chicago Bull Dennis Rodman several times in Pyongyang -- expressed his enthusiasm for basketball exchanges at a landmark summit with the South 's leader Moon Jae-in in April .
The last basketball friendly took place in 2003 in Pyongyang when a gym bankrolled by the South 's Hyundai business group opened in the North 's capital .
In that match , North Korea , led by Ri Myong Hun -- who , at 235 centimetres ( 7 feet 8.5 inches ) was described as the world 's tallest player -- routed South Korea 86-57 .
South Korea 's Hur Jae , who captained his side during the defeat , is now returning to Pyongyang as a coach .
Also read : Tearful Dennis Rodman claims vindication for Kim Jong-un ties
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Shaun Derry was thrilled with Cambridge United 's response to defeat at Grimsby as they edged closer to the Sky Bet League Two play-off mixes with today 's 1-0 win at home to Exeter .
Leon Legge 's header was enough to clinch a victory that moved United up to ninth , just one point outside the top seven as they bounced back from Friday 's 2-1 reverse to the Mariners .
Derry said : “ It 's a massive win . We knew that we had to turn up today and put an incredible amount of effort into the game , especially after the loss on Friday .
“ We wanted to come back and win , especially being at home as well against a real tough team and we knew it was going to be one of those games where not a lot of chances would come our way because of the way they set up away from home .
“ But it was a fantastic ball in for the goal and a great finish and I felt we deserved the win .
“ I 'm not too sure you 're going to have it your way where you just rock up and have free-flowing , attractive football , but I think at this stage of the season it 's all about getting points .
“ That 's what I 've said in the dressing room and seeing the other results we 're delighted and look forward to next Saturday ( at Portsmouth ) .
“ I did n't want to make too many changes from Friday because I thought the performance was good even though we did n't get the win .
“ I made the two changes out on the wings just to get us a little bit more energy and I thought Medy ( Elito ) and Piero ( Mingoia ) gave us that and it gave the full-backs behind a lot of energy to move forward , especially in the first half where we had some decent opportunities .
“ Second half is a different game . They changed their formation four , five , six times in games and sometimes you 've just got to keep to your own beliefs and I thought we did that today and defended like trojans . ”
But aside from Legge being praised for a “ captain 's header and captain 's performance ” , Derry also praised Will Norris for crucial saves from Joel Grant and David Wheeler .
He said : “ As important as the goal was we have to pay a lot of respect to Will , who has been a great player and he 'll continue to be so .
“ It was an unbelievable save , I think his reactions were top drawer today . ”
Two major central banks meet this week with economists expecting the Bank of England to focus on inflation , and the U.S. Federal Reserve to respond to strong economic data with a rate rise . Ciara Lee reports .
Wales face Georgia in Tblisi this afternoon knowing they need a win to stay in the mix for a place at Russia 2018 .
Chris Coleman is unable to call on Real Madrid star Gareth Bale as they go looking for the first of two wins this week that would put them in the box seat for a play-off position ahead of next summer 's big dance .
Follow all of the action with Dominic Booth , Ian Mitchelmore and Chris Wathan from Wales Online as it happens right here .
Wales XI : Hennessey ; Gunter , Chester , A.Williams , Davies ; King , Allen , Ledley ; Ramsey , Lawrence ; Vokes
By The Associated Press
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) — Authorities say evacuations are under way in Northern California after a house fire spread to surrounding homes .
The East Bay Times reports the fires began late Monday with a single fire at a two-story house under construction in the hills east of Oakland .
Firefighters with the Oakland Fire Department were battling blazes as embers rained down on million-dollar homes in the surrounding streets .
No word was immediately available on any injuries .
Advertisement
Some Oakland firefighters were in Southern California , helping battle the fifth-largest wildfire in state history .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Related Coverage Nearly 200,000 remain under evacuation near California dam
OROVILLE , Calif. ( AP ) — Nearly 200,000 Northern Californians who live downstream of the country 's tallest dam were allowed to return home Tuesday after two nights of uncertainty , but they were warned they may have to again flee to higher ground on a moment 's notice if hastily made repairs to the battered structure do n't hold .
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region .
But the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains .
“ There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases , ” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday , telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant .
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after water authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure 's main spillway . The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion .
Over the weekend , the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours , leaving it badly eroded . The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam 's main concrete spillway .
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion . Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary .
On Tuesday , U.S. Rep. John Garamendi , a Democrat who represents an area near Oroville , called the government 's failure to coat the spillway in concrete “ a classic case of woulda , coulda , shoulda . ”
He said that if the state had listened to the 2005 warnings and installed the concrete a decade ago , “ This problem would not have occurred . But they did n't , and there are probably multiple reasons why , ” with cost a crucial one .
The California Department of Water Resources said the lake was ready to take on rain and melting snow . State water officials said they have drained enough of the lake behind Oroville Dam that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from an approaching storm .
Forecasts call for 2 inches to 4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night . But the storm was looking colder than initially projected , meaning less rain and less runoff than last week 's storms .
Acting department chief Bill Croyle said 40 trucks have dumped 30 tons of bags loaded with sand , concrete blocks and boulders every hour into the damaged areas , while helicopters have dropped bags of rocks and cement blocks onto the problem sites .
The damaged main spillway has been stable for four days and handling a heavy flow of water , reducing the reservoir 's water level by 15 feet in preparation for coming rain and melting snow throughout the spring . Officials hope to drain the lake another 37 feet .
“ We still have a large snowpack ; we will see quite a spring runoff , ” Croyle said .
Croyle said the goal is to keep the reservoir below capacity so the use of the auxiliary spillway would n't be used . Still , Croyle said that spillway has been repaired and that he 's confident it could be used again if needed .
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $ 100 million to $ 200 million , Croyle said . Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends .
Gov . Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation .
Meanwhile , federal regulators have told the dam 's managers at the state water resources department that they must enlist a group of “ independent consultants ” both to assess what went wrong and how to make long-term fixes to the damaged spillways .
Water resources officials have acknowlledged cracks and repairs in the concrete in recent years . It was not clear whether those past issues played a direct role in the spillway 's rupture last week . When state inspectors last visited the dam in August , they wrote that “ conditions appeared to be normal ” in the concrete spillway , according to inspection reports the water resources department has released .
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday , just a few hours after saying the situation was stable , forcing families to rush to pack up and get out .
Honea said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems .
But after two days away from home , tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary . They welcomed the news they could return home .
“ You do n't appreciate home until it 's taken away from you , ” said Margaret Johnston , 69 , of Oroville , who spent two nights at a church with her two sons . She had packed a few blankets , pillows and clothes into a black garbage bag .
Returning residents vowed to heed the sheriff 's warning to remain vigilant .
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment 's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday .
“ We 're all coming back and pack and be ready this time , ” Remocal said . “ This time we 're going to be on call like they said . ”
___
Elias reported from San Francisco .
___
Contributing to this report were Olga R. Rodriguez , Kristin Bender and Jocelyn Gecker in San Francisco ; Don Thompson in Sacramento ; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma , California ; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The orbit of odd political claims stretched from Utah canyons to the looming Alabama Senate race to crazy-as-usual Washington in recent days .
That 's what The Associated Press found when scrutinizing an assortment of statements from President Donald Trump and others last week .
In addition , earlier comments by Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore about his decades-old behavior with teens drew scrutiny that dominated the last leg of the campaign for Alabama 's election . Trump pitched Moore 's candidacy at a rally in Pensacola , Florida , close to the Alabama line .
A look at some of their statements :
TRUMP , surveying the crowd at his Pensacola rally Friday night : “ Look at these guys , ‘ blacks for Trump . ' I love you . I love you . By the way , now that you bring it up , black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country . Congratulations . ”
THE FACTS : Not true or even close .
The U.S. Census finds that the black homeownership rate peaked during 2004 , when 49.7 percent of black households owned homes . ( The rate for all races that year reached 69.2 percent , also a modern record . ) The black homeownership rate stayed in similar territory until the recession , when it dropped to the mid-40s .
This year : 42.7 percent in the first quarter , 42.3 percent in the second and 42 percent in the third . That 's an uptick from last year but far from a record . Quarterly rates this year for the total U.S. population : 63.6 percent , 63.7 percent and 63.9 percent .
___
TRUMP : “ You know , we have factories pouring back into our country . Did you ever think you would hear that ? I used to tell you , that 's going to happen. ” — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : Factories are not pouring into the country , according to available data . Spending on the construction of factories has dropped 14 percent over the past 12 months . There has been a steady decline in spending on factory construction since the middle of 2015 — a trend Trump has yet to reverse despite his claims otherwise .
The existing manufacturing sector , though , has been doing a steady dose of hiring . This appears to reflect the synchronized global growth that has aided a rebound in manufacturing after setbacks in 2016 from a stronger dollar and low energy prices . In November , manufacturing added 31,000 jobs for a gain of 189,000 from a year earlier .
___
TRUMP : “ So we 're at 3.3 percent GDP . I see no reason why we do n't go to 4 percent , 5 percent and even 6 percent. ” Speaks of GDP “ getting up to 4 , 5 , and even 6 percent , because I think that 's possible. ” — Cabinet meeting Wednesday .
THE FACTS : Anything 's possible , but to get serious : There are no signs the economy is capable of delivering a phenomenal and rarely achieved growth rate in the order of 6 percent , or even 5 . Or even 4 .
Federal Reserve officials and most mainstream economists expect economic growth to hew closer to 2 percent . The economy last cleared the 6 percent hurdle in 1984 and only for that fleeting year , at 7.3 percent . This was a different time , when baby boomers were at prime working ages , instead of today when they 're starting to retire . The Federal Reserve had boosted growth by steadily slashing a key interest rate from its 1981 peak of 20 percent , while the Fed today is slowly increasing the same rate . Also , the national debt was much lower .
The tax cuts Trump may soon sign into law would probably max out at roughly $ 250 billion in 2020 . Yet to generate growth of 6 percent , those cuts would have to spur a massive $ 1.2 trillion gain to the gross domestic product . His administration has failed to produce a single analysis showing how this would be possible , while outside analysts say the tax cuts are unlikely to generate anything close to what Trump has said .
___
TRUMP , on scaling back national monument lands in Utah : “ We have seen how this tragic federal overreach prevents many Native Americans from having their rightful voice over the sacred land where they practice their most important ancestral and religious traditions . … We 've seen many rural families stopped from enjoying their outdoor activities , and the fact that they 've done it all their lives made no difference to the bureaucrats in Washington. ” — remarks in Salt Lake City , Dec. 4 .
THE FACTS : Native rights are generally enshrined on national monument lands . So are other existing public uses of the land . Native Americans say their voice on sacred land is imperiled by Trump 's move , not empowered .
Five tribes lobbied President Barack Obama to declare Bears Ears a national monument to preserve lands that are home to ancient cliff dwellings and an estimated 100,000 archaeological sites . Native Americans visit to perform ceremonies , collect herbs and wood for medicinal and spiritual purposes , and do healing rituals . The tribes sued Monday night challenging Trump 's move to shrink Bears Ears by 85 percent .
Environmental groups have filed a suit challenging Trump 's decision to shrink Grand Staircase-Escalante by nearly half . They say his move endangers a “ Dinosaur Shangri-La ” of fossils .
Public uses , such as hiking , ranching , hunting and fishing , are allowed on the monument lands . The central issue is whether the land should be opened to mining or other resource or commercial development .
___
TRUMP : “ As many of you know , past administrations have severely abused the purpose , spirit and intent of a century-old law known as the Antiquities Act . This law requires that only the smallest necessary area be set aside for special protection as national monuments. ” — in Salt Lake City , Dec. 4 .
THE FACTS : That 's not exactly what Teddy Roosevelt 's 1906 preservation law says . It states , in essence , that the federal government should not bite off more than it can chew when a president designates an area for protection . It does n't demand that such land be kept to a minimum . Such protected land “ shall be confined to the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected , ” it says .
___
MOORE , on women who said they had a romantic relationship with him when they were in their teens : “ I do not know any of these women , nor have I ever engaged in sexual misconduct with anyone. ” ” Let me state once again : I do not know any of these women , did not date any of these women and have not engaged in any sexual misconduct with anyone. ” — comments during campaign stops in Henagar and Theodore , Nov. 27 and 29 .
THE FACTS : In at least two cases , he knew them before he did n't know them .
In a Nov. 10 radio interview with Sean Hannity , Moore said he remembered two of the women , Debbie Wesson Gibson and Gloria Deason , who were 17 and 18 at the time .
He said he did n't remember dating them . Asked by Hannity if he generally dated teenagers as a man in his 30s , Moore replied , “ Not generally , no . If I did , you know , I 'm not going to dispute anything , but I do n't remember anything like that . ”
Altogether , five women have stepped up to say Moore pursued them as teens .
Leigh Corfman said Moore touched her sexually when she was 14 ; he denied that . The age of consent in Alabama is 16 .
Moore 's campaign said he was only denying knowing women who have accused him of sexual assault . But Moore said in a campaign stop he did n't know any of the women featured in his Democratic opponent 's ads . Democrat Doug Jones has run ads with the photos of all of the women who have come forward about Moore .
One of the women has acknowledged that she wrote part of an entry in her high school yearbook that was initially presented as coming from Moore . But no one has refuted her claim that Moore signed her yearbook with a salutation .
___
TRUMP : “ Working with Republicans in Congress , we 've already signed 88 pieces of legislation . We get no credit . They always say , well , President Trump really needs this tax bill because he has n't passed any legislation . Well , so far in 10 months we 've passed more during this period of time than any other president in the history of our country and the second — let 's call runner-up — is Harry Truman , was second. ” — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : Trump 's first-year legislative record pales next to that of a variety of presidents ( Franklin Roosevelt , with his New Deal , signed 14 historic laws in his first 100 days ) . The tax package Trump may soon sign would mark his first major legislative achievement after months of false starts and frustrations on health care and more . His promised infrastructure initiative got sidelined but appears in the offing .
Trump signed a law strengthening accountability at the Veterans Affairs Department , used executive orders to roll back Obama-era regulations and policies and , perhaps most significantly , won confirmation of a conservative Supreme Court justice , Neil Gorsuch . But legislatively , his record is thin , despite having Republican majorities in Congress .
All presidents sign plenty of bills that have little consequence ; most do n't make so much of it . Among Trump 's routine signings : naming a Veterans Affairs health clinic in Butler County , Pennsylvania , after Bataan Death March survivor Abie Abraham , appointing a regent at the Smithsonian Institution and naming a federal building and courthouse in Nashville , Tennessee , after late Sen. Fred Thompson .
___
TRUMP on a conversation with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about trade : “ He said , ‘ I 'm telling you that Canada has a deficit with the United States . ' I told my people , in front of a lot of people , I said , go out and check — and he was right . Except he forgot some categories — lumber , timber and energy . Other than that , he was right . When you add them altogether we actually have a $ 17 billion deficit with Canada , right ? So , he forgot a couple of categories that he did n't want to mention. ” — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : Trump 's accounting is puzzling and at odds with U.S. trade statistics .
Trudeau is right that the U.S. has a trade surplus with Canada , according to those numbers .
“ Exports were $ 320.1 billion ; imports were $ 307.6 billion , ” says the U.S. trade representative 's office . “ The U.S. goods and services trade surplus with Canada was $ 12.5 billion in 2016 . ”
The U.S. ran a $ 12.1 billion deficit with Canada in trade on goods . That was offset by a $ 24.6 billion surplus in trade of services .
Trump may have been ignoring services — half of the equation on trade — but if so his numbers still do n't match his government 's .
___
TRUMP on his critics in Washington : “ They will lie and leak and smear because they do n't want to accept the results of an election where we won by a landslide. ” — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : His win was far from a landslide .
His winning margin in the Electoral College is far closer to the narrowest win in history than to the widest .
The final Electoral College margin was Trump 306 , Hillary Clinton 232 , for a winning percentage of just under 57 percent . That ranks the 2016 election as the 13th closest of the 58 presidential elections in U.S. history , according to a tally by Claremont McKenna College political scientist John Pitney . Obama won both of his presidential elections with bigger Electoral College margins : 61 percent in 2008 and 62 percent in 2012 . Trump 's margin was narrower than all but two of the last 10 presidential elections — those of George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 .
As well , he lost the popular vote to Clinton .
___
TRUMP : “ By the way , wages — starting to go up . First time in 20 years — starting to go up . That 's all going to happen. ” — Pensacola rally .
THE FACTS : It 's not true that wages have n't gone up for 20 years .
The latest jobs report shows average hourly earnings up 2.5 percent over the past 12 months , roughly the same pace of growth as the year before , when Obama was president . Wages were rising faster in December 2016 , up by 2.9 percent . Average hourly wage figures are volatile , but they do n't show an upward trend under Trump .
The last time unemployment was this low — in 2000 — that figure was rising at 4 percent .
Inflation-adjusted median household incomes , meantime , have barely budged for several decades .
___
Associated Press writers Kim Chandler in Montgomery , Alabama ; Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City ; and Christopher S. Rugaber in Washington contributed to this report .
___
Find AP Fact Checks at https : //apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
EDITOR 'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The special moment as Prince George and Princess Charlotte walked through the doors of the Lindo Wing to meet their newborn brother warmed everyone 's hearts .
But it seems there may have been an affectionate moment between the siblings most of us missed .
As they make their way through the doors to St Mary 's Hospital , in Paddington , just hours after the birth of the new prince at 11.01am on St George 's Day , they share a sweet split-second exchange .
William , 35 , guides them through the entrance touching them both briefly on the back of the head .
Little George , four , follows suit , seeming to mimic the behaviour of his dad .
( Image : Sky News )
( Image : Sky News )
( Image : Sky News )
Prince George and Princess Charlotte arrive to meet their baby brother : Little Royals steal spotlight outside Lindo Wing
He raises his hand and lightly touches Charlotte 's hair , almost as though pulling her into a hug but missing slightly .
It 's just a brief moment , but it is rather adorable .
The doors then close and the pair continue on their journey to meet their newborn brother .
They had been picked up from Kensington Palace by their father , before going to greet their new sibling at around 4.45pm .
( Image : Danny Martindale/WENN )
( Image : DAILY MIRROR )
Kate , 36 , wowed just seven hours after giving birth by appearing on the steps of the hospital looking polished to perfection , at 6pm .
The couple emerged from the hospital to cheering crowds of people , celebrating the new prince 's arrival .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge later left the hospital to take the as-yet unnamed bundle of joy home to their apartment in Kensington Palace .
Prince William joked about having his hands full , saying : `` Thrice the worry now '' as they headed home .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
But that was n't before Charlotte , two , relished her moment in the limelight ; as she walked up the stairs to the hospital , the princess twice gave the world 's media a jaunty wave and grin .
Brother George remained a little more subdued - until he thought the doors were closed , of course .
The prince had spent the day at school and was dressed in his uniform , appearing a little shy as he arrived .
Smiling Charlotte will celebrate her third birthday next month , on May 2 .
Kensington Palace said the new baby 's name would be `` announced in due course '' , but Arthur is already the favourite with punters , according to the bookies .
Punters have also been betting on James , Philip , Albert and Henry , among others .
Born on St George 's Day , the tot is the Queen 's sixth great-grandchild .
He is fifth in line to the throne , pushing Prince Harry - soon to wed American actress Meghan Markle on May 19 - back a notch .
Major Russian mobile phone operator Megafon will issue RUB500mn worth of blockchain bonds in the first ever Russian blockchain bond issuance , Vedomosti reported on October 2.All the bonds , issued on a blockchain platform developed by the National Settlement Depository ( NSD ) , were bought by Raiffeisenbank , according to the report.first deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov said at the SPIEF blockchain session , probably the third most powerful man in Russia.In what is remarkably rapid progress the Megfon bond was a test run of the new technology that could revolutionise the securities business . The zero-coupon bonds were sold at RUB982 ( $ 17 ) each against the face value of RUB1,000 , with corresponds to an annual yield of 7.77 % . Megafon said that the main goal of issuing blockchain bonds is testing the new technology rather than attracting funds , therefore the volume of the issuance was rather small .. In addition , the issuance of bonds with a higher total value is expected to bring about additional cost savings thanks to declining paperwork . And that is the point of the blockchain : the settlement and registration processes are hardwired into the very structure of the blockchain , negating the need for expensive and time-consuming back-office work.The blockchain format also helped to decrease risks as the issuer and the investor are able to observe the transaction in real time removing the classic `` delivery vs payment '' risks.Everything related to blockchain and crypto currencies is extremely hot in Russia these days , also falling in line with the government 's strategy for developing a `` digital economy . `` Around the same time , state-run lender VEB announced the launch of a blockchain competence centre aimed at introducing the technology to the country 's public sector.Meanwhile , Russia 's Federal Agency for Technical Regulation and Metrology ( Rosstandart ) appointed a new technical committee to work on the standardization of `` the software and hardware of distributed register and Blockchain technologies '' . In September , Burger King Russia launched Whoppercoin , a cryptocurrency which can be traded for Whoppers .
MONTGOMERY COUNTY , Va. - A Roanoke man admitted he was behind the wheel in a deadly hit-and-run crash that killed a Shawsville man last year in Montgomery County .
Wedstanley Balisage , 25 , pleaded guilty Monday to aggravated involuntary manslaughter and DUI .
More Headlines
Authorities said Balisage was drunk when he hit the car being driven by 73-year-old Bobby Handy in Christiansburg on May 29 , 2017 .
Handy died at the scene .
Montgomery County prosecutor Mary Pettitt said Balisage faces up to 21 years in prison when he is sentenced in June .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Theo Walcott has returned to training early in a bid to fight for his Arsenal future .
The 28-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Emirates after failing to impress supporters .
Ironically , the winger produced his best goal to game ratio in a Gunners shirt last season .
Walcott scored 19 goals in 33 appearances , but it was n't enough to stop Arsenal stuttering to a fifth-place finish in the league .
And with Alex Sanchez and Alex Iwobi coming into form , the Englishman 's future has been thrown into doubt .
( Photo : Theo Walcott /Twitter )
( Photo : Theo Walcott /Twitter )
With all this in mind , Walcott has taken to social media to show he 's back in training early .
The Gunners star performs a series of core workouts including the plank , side planks , Russian twists and butterfly kicks .
Will it be enough to convince Arsene Wenger ?
Kerry 1-15
Mayo 2-9
Colm Gannon reports from Elverys MacHale Park , Castlebar
KERRY SURVIVED PLAYING the last 21 minutes of this one with 13 men to pick up their second win in six days in Castlebar tonight . The resolve shown by the Kingdom in seeing this one out will be something that Eamon Fitzmaurice will have been delighted to see .
Mayo 's Shane Nally with Kerry 's Paul Geaney and Sean O'Shea . Source : John McVitty/INPHO
But for Mayo manager Stephen Rochford he will be disappointed that his side could n't find the scores they needed when it came to crunch down the home straight .
The Kerry defence stood strong and choked Mayo 's attempts to close a four point gap in the closing stages of this game to record a win that will have warmed the hearts of their supporters on the long journey home .
The Munster men went in leading by a point at the break , but that was wiped out by a Jason Doherty free seconds after the restart . But the decisive score in this contest came three minutes later when Gavin Crowley got on the end of a move involving Séan O'Shea and Barry John Keane to rifle the ball to the net and put his side into a 1-10 to 2-4 lead .
Diarmuid O'Connor hit a point in response for Mayo , but O'Shea and Paul Geaney kicked points to keep the scoreboard moving for Kerry .
The first half had been a fractious affair but midway through the second half it ramped up a notch and in the space of three minutes Kerry saw two men go to the line with Ronan Shanahan getting shown his second yellow card and three minutes later Gavin Crowley joined him , getting a black card to go with the yellow he 's been shown earlier .
Kerry 's Ronan Shanahan was sent-off tonight . Source : John McVitty/INPHO
At that stage Kerry were leading 1-14 to 2-7 and it looked like Mayo would have all the time they needed to pick off the shorthanded Kerrymen .
But Eammon Fitzmaurice 's men fell back and put a bank of 11 men behind the ball and left Paul Geaney up front on his own to cause Mayo as many headaches as he could .
The Dingle man did just that kicking his sides last score 12 minutes from time to keep the gap at four points . Mayo 's best goal chance fell to corner back Eoin O'Donoghue nine minutes from time , but his effort was brilliantly blocked on the line by Shane Enright .
Mayo 's composure let them down at the crunch in front of the posts over the final ten minutes , with even Cillian O'Connor missing three attempts from dead balls .
Kerry and Mayo players rise for possession . Source : John McVitty/INPHO
The first half was played at championship intensity with both sides putting in hard hits all over the park , but the two defining moments in it were the two penalties awarded by referee Derek O'Mahony .
The first went to the Kingdom after Geaney was fouled by Brendan Harrison 24 minutes in . The spot kick was taken by O'Shea but his effort was brilliantly saved by David Clarke down low to his left . If he had found the net O'Shea would have put his side six points clear .
Penalty missed by Kerry 's Sean O'Shea in Castlebar tonight . Source : John McVitty/INPHO
The second penalty came a minute before the end of normal time , Neil Douglas was hauled down and Diarmuid O'Connor standing in for his brother and normal Mayo penalty taker Cillian drove the ball to the net for his and Mayo 's second goal of the first half .
That was followed by a pointed free from Jason Doherty to send Mayo in trailing on a score of 2-3 to 0-10 at the turn around .
Kerry were more than impressive in attacking form from play landing all ten of their scores from open field action . O'Shea kicked three with Micheál Burns and Barry John Keane both chipping in with two each .
David Clifford also got in on the action but he was forced from the play with an injury just after scoring his point 15 minutes in .
Kerry led by 0-5 to 0-2 on the ten minute mark , with O'Connor 's first goal bringing the game level 12 minutes in . From there on until his next major Kerry were completely on top reeling off another five points and leaving at least three more behind them .
Kerry players celebrate their victory . Source : John McVitty/INPHO
Scorers for Kerry : Sean O'Shea 0-4 ( 0-1 '45 ) , Paul Geaney 0-3 , BJ Keane 0-2 , Gavin Crowley 1-0 , Mícheál Burns 0-2 , David Clifford , Brendan O'Sullivan , Paul Murphy , Barry O'Sullivan 0-1 each .
Scorers for Mayo : Diarmuid O'Connor 2-1 ( 1-0 pen ) , Jason Doherty 0-3 ( 0-3f ) , Cillian O'Connor 0-2 ( 0-2f ) , Barry Moran , Evan Regan ( 0-1f ) , Andy Moran ( 0-1f ) 0-1 each .
Kerry
1 . Shane Murphy ( Dr Crokes )
2 . Brian Ó Beaglaoich ( An Ghaeltacht )
3 . Jason Foley ( Ballydonoghue )
4 . Shane Enright ( Tarbert )
5 . Paul Murphy ( Rathmore )
6 . Gavin Crowley ( Templenoe )
7 . Ronan Shanahan ( Austin Stacks )
8 . Jack Barry ( Na Gaeil )
9 . Barry O'Sullivan ( Dingle )
10 . Micheál Burns ( Dr Crokes )
11 . Seán O'Shea ( Kenmare )
12 . Stephen O'Brien ( Kenmare )
13 . David Clifford ( Fossa )
14 . Paul Geaney ( Dingle )
15 . Barry John Keane ( Keirns O'Rahillys )
Subs
19 . Jack Savage ( Kerins O'Rahillys ) for Clifford ( inj ) ( 17 ) ,
17 . Brendan O'Sullivan ( Valentia ) for O'Brien ( 44 )
25 . Andrew Barry ( Na Gaeil ) for Keane ( 53 )
21 . Matthew Flaherty ( Dingle ) for O'Shea ( 55 )
26 . Éanna Ó Conchúir ( An Ghaeltacht ) for Burns ( 59 )
18 . Cormac Coffey ( Kerins O'Rahillys ) for ÓBeaglaoich ( black card ) ( 66 )
Mayo
1 . David Clarke ( Ballina Stephenites )
2 . Brendan Harrison ( Aghamore )
3 . Ger Cafferkey ( Ballina Stephenites )
4 . Eoin O'Donoghue ( Belmullet )
9 . Shane Nally ( Garrymore )
6 . Stephen Coen ( Hollymount/Carramore )
7 . Paddy Durcan ( Castlebar Mitchels )
8 . Jason Gibbons ( Ballintubber )
21 . Barry Moran ( Castlebar Mitchels )
10 . Kevin McLoughlin ( Knockmore )
11 . Aidan O'Shea ( Breaffy )
12 . Diarmuid O'Connor ( Ballintubber )
13 . Neil Douglas ( Castlebar Mitchels )
14 . Evan Regan ( Ballina Stephenites )
25 . Jason Doherty ( Burrishoole )
Subs
19 . Caolan Crowe ( Garrymore ) for Cafferkey ( 23 )
22 . Cillian O'Connor ( Ballintubber ) for Regan ( 46 )
15 . Andy Moran ( Ballaghaderreen ) for Douglas ( 52 )
5 . Colm Boyle ( Davitts ) for Nally ( 52 )
24 . Fergal Boland ( Aghamore ) for B Moran ( 63 )
23 . Conor Loftus ( Crossmolina Deel Rovers ) for Doherty ( 74 )
Referee : Derek O'Mahony ( Tipperary )
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
May 2 Noxxon Pharma Nv :
* Announces capital raise of 1 million euros ( $ 1.09 million ) and bond financing of maximum 10 million euros to finance clinical development of NOX-A12
* Emitted 64,512 new share of nominal value of 1 euros at the price of 15.50 euros per share
* Emitted 53,763 warrants for buyers of new shares at the price of 18.60 euros Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9159 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
PRESS RELEASE Obama Denies Loan to Nation 's Only High-Speed Rail Project Dec. 30 , 2016 ( EIRNS ) —A fiasco jointly created by dead-duck President Obama and California Gov . Jerry Brown may be shaping up for California 's high-speed rail project . The Obama Transportation Department has ( on Dec. 20 ) refused a loan of $ 15 billion requested by the California High-Speed Rail Authority for the only high-speed rail project under construction in the United States . The request was made `` quietly '' on Dec. 2 , according to the Los Angeles Times of Dec. 24 . The intention was to invest that loan fund in an East-West portion of the planned system , running from Los Angeles east to Bakersfield . It was hoped to be the basis for a `` Federal judgment of creditworthiness '' for further bond issues , as well as making further Federal loans possible . But the Obama Department of Transportation blew the quiet request ( i.e. , informal probe ) out of the water , by announcing that California `` has not submitted a financing request as of this time . '' The ARRA `` Stimulus Act of 2009 gave $ 3.5 billion to California for high-speed rail , but there has been no aid or loan since then . The state sold a $ 9 billion bond issue in 2008 , but a maze of senseless environmental and `` consumer '' conditions attached to it by the legislature , have prevented much of it from being spent . The Obama refusal to loan anything to CHSRA , creates a funding crisis for the whole system . There are several underlying problems . There are no American suppliers for the electric locomotives , train sets or electrical overhead equipment ; yet a Chinese offer for both the Los Angeles-San Francisco line and a Los Angeles-Las Vegas line was rebuffed by the Administration on `` buy America '' grounds ! Due in part to this , and to the many harassing rules and conditions for construction , the California system business plan budgets it at about $ 65 billion total cost , for about 1,100 km of rail—two and one-half times the international average cost of $ 25 million/km of high-speed rail ( China : $ 24 million/km ; Spain the lowest , $ 18 million/km ) . The construction timetable runs from 2015-2040 for many stations and sections . And finally , there is no actual overall funding plan , as EIR was told by the staff of one California Congressional supporter of it , who feared `` a black eye for high-speed rail nationally . '' `` I can see , '' he said , `` how your [ Hamiltonian ] bank would handle it . ''
© NCP 's Facebook Banner Sputnik 2018
Grooming the Groomers
Outpolicing the Police ?
To Livestream or Not to
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
Petty Officer 1st Class Dave Irvin , left , and Chief Warrant Officer 3 Anthony Winstead oversee contractors from Laredo Construction as they de-water and re-float a 38-foot cabin cruiser in Baytown , Texas Oct. 6 , 2017 . The Coast Guard is working with the Texas General Land Office and other federal , local , and state agencies to recover vessels damaged by Hurricane Harvey . U.S. Coast Guard video by Chief Petty Officer John Masson .
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores1 <
Sunday 's Women 's Basketball Scores
By The Associated Press
EAST
Brown 83 , Colgate 73 <
Hartford 59 , Bryant 47 <
LIU Brooklyn 72 , Lehigh 69 <
Seton Hall 73 , Boston College 53 <
Wagner 60 , Longwood 43 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Boston 22 5 .815 — Cleveland 19 8 .704 3 Toronto 16 7 .696 4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6 Indiana 15 11 .577 6½ Detroit 14 11 .560 7 Washington 14 12 .538 7½ Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8 Miami 12 13 .480 9 New York 12 13 .480 9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11 Orlando 11 17 .393 11½ Charlotte 9 16 .360 12 Atlanta 6 19 .240 15 Chicago 5 20 .200 16 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ Minnesota 15 11 .577 6 Denver 14 11 .560 6½ Portland 13 12 .520 7½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 Sacramento 8 17 .320 12½ Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 19 .269 14
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto at Sacramento , 3:30 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 4 p.m .
Denver at Indiana , 5 p.m .
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By
Summer fun often includes heading to the swimming pool or lake , but it 's important to remember that all water activities come with a risk of drowning . That does n't mean you should n't enjoy the water , it just means you need to take some safety precautions and stay vigilant , experts advise .
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today !
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that every day , about 10 people die from unintentional drowning . Of these , two are children under 15 and most are between 1 and 4 .
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends swimming lessons for most children 4 and older because that is when they are developmentally ready to learn to swim . The academy once advised against swimming lessons before age 4 , but has has relaxed that recommendation .
Why learn to swim ? “ Most children are around water in some form , whether it 's a pool , a river , a pond , a lake or the ocean , so learning to swim is n't just for fun . It 's also important for safety , ” says K.J . Hales , author of a book about children and swimming . “ For some children , the idea of getting in the water and trying to swim can be a bit frightening , ” Hales says . “ But with the proper positive reinforcement , they can overcome their fears and discover just how much fun swimming can be . ”
The pediatricians ' academy cautions that “ swimming lessons will not provide ‘ drown-proofing ' for children of any age ” and notes that swimming lessons are just one part of a preventive strategy to keep children safe in or near the water .
The academy offers some water- and pool-safety tips for parents and caregivers , including :
Never leave children alone or in or near the water , even for a moment . This includes bathtubs , pools , spas , wading pools , or near irrigation ditches or standing water .
Less experienced swimmers and children under 5 should have an adult , preferably one who knows how to swim and perform CPR , within arm 's reach of the child .
Do n't leave a child in or near the water under the care of another young child .
Never swim alone . Always swim with a buddy , even at a public pool or a lifeguarded beach .
Designate a “ water watcher ” when swimming .
Because drowning can be quick and quiet , the water watcher should pay constant attention and be undistracted while supervising children , even if lifeguards are present .
Pool safety tips :
If a child is missing , look for him or her in the pool or spa first .
Install a fence at least 4 feet high around all four sides of the pool .
Make sure pool gates open out from the pool , and self-close and self-latch at a height children ca n't reach . Consider alarms on the gate , or underwater alarms as an added layer of protection .
If the house serves as the fourth side of the pool fence , install an alarm on the exit door to the yard and pool . As an added protection , install window guards on Windows facing the pool .
Remember , some drowning victims have used pet doors to gain access to the pool .
Keep rescue equipment , a shepherd 's hook , a life preserver , a first aid kit and a portable telephone , near the pool . Choose rescue equipment made of fiberglass or other materials that do not conduct electricity .
“ Floaties ” and other inflatable swimming aids are not substitutes for approved life jackets and often offer parents a false sense of security .
Do not use a pool or spa if there are missing drain covers , since drains cause suction that can trap a swimmer underwater . Replace old drains with anti-entrapment drain covers or other similar systems .
Large , inflatable above-ground pools can be dangerous and need to be surrounded by an appropriate fence . Also , remove access ladders and any structures that provide easy access to the pool when not in use . Children have also fallen in these pools simply by leaning on them .
Share safety instructions with family , friends and neighbors
Shimla : Several parts of Himachal Pradesh , including Mandi district where a massive mudslide claimed 46 lives , may experience heavy rainfall on Monday , a weather official warned .
It may hamper the rescue operation that continued on the second day on Monday .
`` There are chances of heavy rainfall in Mandi and Kangra districts , '' Manmohan Singh , the meteorological office director , told IANS .
Rescuers on Monday started their massive search operation on the Mandi-Pathankot highway near Kotropi village in Jogindernagar tehsil , 220 km from here , where two Himachal Road Transport Corporation buses , vehicles and several homes were washed away on Saturday night .
Meanwhile , most of the prominent tourist towns like Shimla , Narkanda , Kufri , Chail , Kasauli , Chamba , Dharamsala , Palampur and Manali have been witnessing good spells of rain for the past one week .
The water level in major rivers of the state — the Satluj , Beas and Yamuna — which enter the neighbouring states of Punjab and Haryana has been abnormally high , a government official said .
Shimla , which saw an overnight rain , recorded a low of 15.6 degrees Celsius on Monday .
Dharamsala - the seat of the Tibetan government-in-exile — saw a minimum of 17.6 degrees Celsius , while it was 13.6 degrees Celsius in Manali .
Local authorities have issued a word of caution for the holidaymakers .
`` Make sure your trip is planned well in advance . Check on general road conditions and confirm whether the roads and high mountain passes are open , '' an official said .
The tourists are advised to carry light woollens as the temperatures in the hills have fallen sharply due to continuous rainfall .
Fearing landslide threat , the government has closed the road stretch between Mandi and Aut in Mandi district , located on the Chandigarh-Manali national highway . Local authorities have started route via Kalota to reach Kullu and Manali .
The Jogindernagar-Mandi section of the Pathankot-Mandi national highway has also been temporarily shut .
© Fred Lee/ABC via Associated Press
`` He 's now clarifying that saying according to Flynn , candidate Trump asked him during the campaign to find ways to repair relations with Russia and other hot spots , and then after the election , the President-elect asked him , told him to contact Russia on issues , including working together to fight ISIS . ''
`` We deeply regret and apologize for the serious error we made yesterday . The reporting conveyed by Brian Ross during the special report had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process . It is vital we get the story right and retain the trust we have built with our audience-these are our core principles . We fell far short of that yesterday . Effective immediately , Brian Ross will be suspended for four weeks without pay . ''
Brian Ross , ABC 's longtime investigative correspondent , is leaving the broadcaster after his erroneous report on former national security advisor Michael Flynn.Ross was suspended for four weeks without pay in December 2017 after falsely reporting Donald Trump directed Flynn to make contact with Russian officials during the 2016 presidential campaign.Ross 's executive producer Rhonda Schwartz is also leaving the network . `` After a great run of 24 years , we have decided to pack up and move on from ABC News , an organization that has meant so much to us . We leave with enormous gratitude for all those who supported us and helped build the industry 's most robust and honored investigative unit , '' Ross and Schwartz wrote in a letter sent by ABC News boss James Goldston . `` While we are signing off from ABC News , we are hardly leaving investigative journalism . There is much more to do . `` Goldston thanked Ross and Schwartz in a glowing memo to ABC staffers . `` They 've exposed government corruption at every level , international human rights abuses and fraud , uncovered dangerous working conditions , sexual abuse cover-ups and dishonest business practices , '' Goldston wrote . `` Their work has led repeatedly to real changes in policy in the U.S. and around the world . `` `` Over the years they have built a team of the best investigative journalists in our industry , and they leave behind an outstanding group that will continue to break stories for many years to come ... We wish them well in their next chapter , '' he added.Ross infamously retracted his initial report claiming Flynn had pledged to testify against Trump and reveal he was directed by the President-elect to `` make contact with the Russians . `` `` A clarification tonight on something one of Flynn 's confidants told us , and we reported earlier today . He said the President had asked Flynn to contact Russia during the campaign , '' said Ross.The original false report sent the stock market into a sharp fall - over 350 points.ABC issued the following statement in response to Ross ' erroneous reporting :
