The Amazon Effect : Aetna-CVS Deal Shows Retail Giant 's Might
The Amazon effect has rocked bricks-and-mortar retail . Now it 's moving in on the health care market .
Analysts say CVS Health Corp. 's $ 69 billion bid for Aetna Inc. , marking the first time a large pharmacy chain has merged with a major health insurer , is a direct result of Amazon 's plan to enter the prescription drug market .
`` Everything Amazon does is disruptive ; sometimes it 's just not clear how , '' said Jason Bloomberg , CEO of Intellyx , a digital transformation consultant business .
The online retail giant made pharmacy chains nervous in October when it was revealed that Amazon had secured licenses to distribute prescription medicines in 12 states . CVS is believed to be making the Aetna deal to withstand a potential challenge from Amazon by creating a `` one-stop shop '' where consumers can get prescriptions , insurance coverage and treatment in one location .
By forcing CVS into the largest merger announced this year , Amazon is showing its might , analysts said . But they are unsure how Amazon will disrupt the health care sector -- perhaps by acquiring a pharmaceutical manufacturer or by launching its own pharmacy benefits manager , or PBM .
Mr. Bloomberg said he would n't be surprised if patients one day are treated at Amazon hospitals .
`` Amazon could tackle this from a couple of different ways , '' said Mark Coker , CEO of e-book distributor Smashwords , who has studied Amazon 's business practices for many years .
Amazon has a penchant for upending even the most static industries , and unwary competitors have paid the price . About a decade ago , there were 37,500 bookstores in the U.S. Today , that number is about 22,000 . When reports of Amazon launching an online real estate service surfaced this summer , online real estate giant Zillow 's stock fell by 5 percent .
Now Amazon appears to have its sights directly on the $ 3.2 trillion health care market , which accounts for 20 percent of the nation 's gross domestic product . Amazon 's health care dreams appear to extend beyond selling prescription medicines . The Seattle-based company has invested heavily in much health care markets , such as medical device sales and cloud information storage services .
Health care would be the next logical move for the retail behemoth , analysts said . Amazon broke into the grocery industry in July with the $ 13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods .
Mr. Coker said he believes Amazon 's most likely move would be acquiring a drugmaker . Reports surfaced last week that Amazon had `` high level '' meetings with Mylan and Sandoz , two generic drug manufacturers , but it is not clear what those talks were about .
`` By acquiring a drug company , they can eliminate the middleman and sell those drugs directly with the licenses they are getting , '' Mr. Coker said . `` Amazon will look at the entire industry supply chain and every single cost and ask how it can do it more efficiently . ''
On Sunday , CVS , the second-largest U.S. drugstore chain , announced it was making a $ 69 billion offer for Aetna , the third-largest health insurer . The mammoth acquisition would pair a company that runs more than 9,700 drugstores and 1,100 walk-in clinics with an insurer covering about 22 million people .
CVS Health Corp. is also one of the nation 's biggest pharmacy benefit managers , processing more than 1 billion prescriptions a year for insurance companies , including Aetna .
Buyer 's Remorse ?
If Amazon does acquire a pharmaceutical company , it could cause buyer 's remorse for CVS , Mr. Coker said . The retail pharmacy chain intends to finance the transaction with $ 45 billion in debt .
`` This Aetna deal could be boneheaded if CVS 's goal is to shore up its defenses against an inevitable entry against Amazon into the market , '' he said . `` Health insurers are part of why drugs are so expensive . Amazon approaches markets by eliminating the middleman . It seems that CVS is making a bet that health insurers are going to continue to be to dominate intermediary between a consumer and drugmaker . ''
Investors also appear to have doubts about how much the drugstore chain was willing to pay for Aetna : CVS Health Corp. 's stock fell $ 3.41 , or nearly 5 percent , to $ 71.69 on the New York Stock Exchange , although the Dow Jones index was up strongly for most of the day .
Joel Espelien , a senior research analyst at The Diffusion Group , agreed that Amazon will put pressure on CVS and Aetna after the deal is completed .
`` CVS did n't want to just be a distributor , so it bought a health plan , '' he said . `` But disruption can change how business is done in that industry . Amazon will force CVS and Aetna to dramatically up their game . ''
Even if Amazon 's first step in the health care industry is offering prescriptions through its website , Mr. Espelien said , that could create fierce competition in the sector . He predicts prescriptions will be delivered via drones within minutes along with other supply advantages that only Amazon can offer .
`` It does n't mean CVS ca n't compete with Amazon , but if they ca n't match what Amazon is doing , they will be in serious trouble , '' he said .
The time is right for Amazon to enter the health care industry because of its proven ability to reduce costs in an industry that has long struggled to keep expenses down and prices competitive .
`` When I look at a retail pharmacy , it strikes me as fairly inefficient , '' Mr. Coker said . `` They have to maintain that expensive floor space , expensive pharmacist , cash register . Maybe you can achieve greater economies of scale by moving that to a call center in India like Amazon did with the book industry . ''
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : CVS/iStock/Artist 's concept .
Northam cuts the ribbon on new regional workforce center
| By
They are calling it the first of its kind in Virginia – a regional workforce center that brings together job seekers , employment , training and other services . About ten local agencies and non-profits are involved with the Virginia Career Works-Blue Ridge Center . Governor Northam helped cut the ribbon today :
4-24 Workforce # 2-WEB
There 's also career counseling , a resource room and computers for job searches at the new Virginia Career Works Center on Thirlane Road .
HANOI , Vietnam — Vietnam 's ruling Communist Party has fired the party boss of the central city of Danang , which will host next month 's Asia Pacific summit , which U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to attend .
The government said in a statement Friday that the party 's elite Central Committee dismissed Nguyen Xuan Anh as city party secretary and removed him from the committee for serious violations and mistakes that damaged the party 's image and caused anger among the public and party members .
The party 's inspection committee said last month that Anh had violated party rules and used a car and two houses belonging to private businesses .
The party has stepped up its anti-corruption drive , jailing or arresting dozens of senior officials and executives .
ABBOTSFORD , B.C . — The British Columbia office that investigates serious injuries or deaths involving police has been called to Abbotsford after a suspect was hurt during an arrest .
Abbotsford Police say a 37-year-old man was wanted on outstanding warrants for driving offences and was spotted Thursday in Chilliwack driving 160 kilometres per hour in a 70 kilometre per hour zone .
The man was tracked through the Fraser Valley to central Abbotsford where police say he pulled into a parkade and officers attempted to arrest him .
A news release from the police department says the man tried to flee and landed on the ground about four metres below , suffering an apparent broken leg .
A police officer was also injured when the department says the suspect resisted arrest , and both the suspect and officer were treated in hospital .
Possible charges against the driver range from driving while prohibited to flight from police and the Independent Investigations Office is examining whether there is a connection between the suspect 's injuries and the actions of police .
Germany demands that Turkey frees journalist
Foreign Minister , Sigmar Gabriel , said that Yucel had asked for improved conditions during a visit with German ambassador , Martin Erdmann , in Turkey . “ I am relieved that Deniz Yucel says he is in good shape , but that does not change our demand that we want to see him released and that he and his colleagues receive…
The post Germany demands that Turkey frees journalist appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN DIEGO — A sailor was arrested in Illinois on Tuesday on charges he stole 20 hand grenades from a San Diego-based Navy destroyer , authorities said .
Gunner 's Mate 2nd Class Aaron Booker , 31 , of Waukegan , Illinois , was taken into custody in Great Lakes by U.S. Navy criminal investigators and was expected to be returned to California . It was unclear whether he had an attorney .
Booker stole the concussion grenades — each of which contained about a half-pound ( 226 grams ) of TNT — while he was assigned to the Weapons Department aboard the USS Pinckney , prosecutors said . Booker 's job was to check the temperature of the secured locker where the grenades were kept .
The grenades were discovered missing from their storage crates in February 2017 . He left the ship about a week later to drive to his new duty station in Great Lakes .
About two months later , a black military backpack containing 18 grenades was found leaning on a guardrail on the side of Interstate 15 in northwest Arizona , officials said . The words “ GM2 BOOKER ” were written on a tag inside the backpack , prosecutors said .
Booker told investigators that he had driven that road but said the backpack had been stolen from him and denied taking the grenades , according to a criminal complaint . Authorities continue to search for the two missing grenades , which Booker indicated to investigators might have wound up in Mexico , the complaint said .
It was unclear why the grenades were stolen or what the thief intended to do with them .
“ A backpack full of grenades on the side of the road is obviously extremely dangerous and could have had resulted in injuries or death , ” U.S. Attorney Adam L. Braverman said in a statement . “ The theft of explosives is a very serious offence , particularly if it is carried out by an insider with access to military weapons and secrets . ”
If convicted of possessing stolen explosives , Booker could face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Photo
When the question is “ what 's for dinner ? ” the Italian word “ calamari ” makes a nicer-sounding answer than “ squid. ” And squid for supper sounds better than the scientific “ cephalopod , ” the class of seafood to which it belongs .
But squid ( and its thicker-fleshed cousins , cuttlefish ) , whether deep-fried , stir-fried , roasted or braised , is eaten all over the world , in many attractive guises .
Photo
It can be bright and fresh , sautéed with garlic , parsley and lemon . Cooked in a rich sauce containing jet-black “ ink , ” squid finds a perfect , deeply flavored home in risotto , pasta and paella . Whole squid stuffed with bread crumbs and herbs is extremely popular across the Mediterranean . Crisp Chinese “ salt and pepper ” squid is addictive , with a whisper of five-spice powder . I 'll never forget a dried squid snack I ordered from a street food vendor in Thailand ; it was toasted briefly over coals , then flattened to the thickness of a potato chip and served with a spicy dipping sauce .
In Spain , you can buy a paper cone full of glorious flash-fried cuttlefish rings and the tiny squid known as chipirones for just a few euros . But you 'll also find many types of long-simmered squid stew there , many of which contain chorizo and garbanzo beans and , more often than not , a few clams , too .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For tender results , the rule is , cook it high and fast ( think frying or sautéing ) or low and slow , just as with many tougher , inexpensive cuts of meat . ( Squid is also one of the cheapest items in most fish markets . )
Photo
Once , in a restaurant north of Barcelona , I had a dish of long-cooked squid that did n't seem Spanish at all . It did n't even seem like seafood . I had ordered it without paying much attention to the menu description . When it appeared , it looked rather like braised veal , served in a brown gravylike sauce , surrounded by peas , carrots and potatoes . This squid stew tasted remarkably like pot roast , in the best possible way . It was savory and satisfying and very meatlike . I fantasized about having mashed potatoes to accompany it .
The other day , when I found large squid at the fish market , that dish from long ago immediately came to mind , and I attempted to recreate it . It is an easy stew to put together in a heavy soup pot with just an onion , a thyme sprig , some white wine and chicken broth . A few carrots and turnips , some chopped leek and a handful of ( frozen ) peas completed the picture . The squid was fork tender in 30 minutes , and the broth had become divinely complex . Slurping a large bowlful , I felt as if I were in the company of an old friend : comforted , reassured , and yet not at all bored .
Detroit Tigers pitching prospect Franklin Perez is expected to miss at least three months with a right lat strain .
The Tigers say Perez was injured in a minor league game Sunday . There is no surgery recommended at this point , but the recovery is expected to take a minimum of 12 weeks .
Perez , a 20-year-old right-hander , was acquired by Detroit in the trade that sent Justin Verlander to Houston last season . Perez went 6-3 with a 3.02 ERA across two levels of the minors last year . He made 10 starts at Class A and six at Double-A . Baseball America tabbed Perez as Detroit 's top prospect this off-season .
The rebuilding Tigers are n't expected to contend this year , but Perez figured to be a prospect to watch , no matter where in Detroit 's system he ended up pitching .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
There are more Pokémon
If you 're a lapsed player , you 'll find that there 's a ton new Pokémon to catch . The current roster includes most , but not all of the Kanto ( Red , Blue and Yellow ) , Johto ( Silver , Gold and Crystal ) and Hoenn ( Ruby , Sapphire and Emerald ) creatures . There 's also Alolan Exeggutor , a Sun and Moon variant of the classic coconut tree Pokémon . That means if you step outside your front door , you 're more likely to encounter critters that you have n't caught already . Catching doubles is still important — it 's necessary to power up and evolve Pokémon — but the thrill of filling your Pokédex is hard to beat .
It 's ( probably ) warm
It 's the end of May ! If you live in the northern hemisphere ( sorry , Australia ) that means summer is fast-approaching . Pokémon Go is a great excuse to get outside and exercise a little in the sunshine . If you have children , it 's also a free way to keep them healthy and entertained during the summer months . You can play the game together and , if you 're savvy , tie in some local history and geography lessons as you pass interesting PokéStops . All of my local PokéStops are newsagents and restaurants ( come on Niantic , my town has an old wishing well ... ) but you might have better options .
Switch games are coming
Today , The Pokémon Company announced Let 's Go , Pikachu and Let 's Go , Eevee , for the Nintendo Switch . They 're based on Pokémon Yellow , which means your chosen partner will hang out on your head or shoulder as you wander around . The catching system is similar to Pokémon Go , however , and there 's also a co-op option that can be played with a separated set of Joy-Cons . You 'll be able to transfer your Kanto creatures from Pokémon Go into the two games — so why not get a leg-up before their release in November ? If you 're really into the Switch titles , you can also order a Poké Ball Plus , which doubles as a Joy-Con and a Pokémon Go Plus accessory .
It 's more stable
When Pokémon Go first launched , it was a bug-riddled mess . Niantic has continued to support the game , however , and subsequent updates have slowly improved the overall experience . The servers , meanwhile , have benefited from the gradual decline in active players . ( We 'll see how they fare during this year 's live events , which include Pokémon Go Summer Tour 2018 . ) I 'll be honest , though : Pokémon Go is still a huge battery drain , and small glitches are common on both Android and iOS . If you have a portable battery , though , and a smidge of patience it 's perfectly playable .
There 's more to do
There 's more to Pokémon Go than catching monsters . If you 're just starting out , it 's best to focus on the daily Field Research missions . They 're randomly allocated and retrieved by visiting any normal PokéStop . Complete them and you 'll unlock different rewards including Pokéballs and TMs . While you 're walking , you can also earn free Pokémon candy — the currency for powering up and evolving a Pokémon — by selecting a 'buddy . ' There 's also story-based Special Research , and an upgraded gym system if you 're into competitive play . Finally , you can get involved in raid battles — both open and invite-only — to catch rare and powerful Pokémon .
Pokémon Go 's real-world exploration and AR-infused catching is n't for everyone . If you were intrigued by the concept , though , and fell off the band wagon like me , there 's never been a better time to reinstall the app .
MASHPEE , Mass . — A modest courthouse and a fledgling police force , a housing development for American Indian families and a school where students are taught exclusively in the tribe 's ancestral language . These are the visible signs of an independent tribal nation that has grown on the famous vacation getaway of Cape Cod in recent years .
But the future of those and other developments is uncertain as the Mashpee Wampanoag — the tribe whose ancestors broke bread with the Pilgrims nearly four centuries ago — awaits a decision from the Interior Department on whether it can continue to govern a slice of its historic lands .
The U.S. Department of Interior is reconsidering its 2015 decision to place some 300 acres into trust for the tribe . A federal judge who sided with local residents challenging the declaration sent it back to the agency for reconsideration in the final months of President Barack Obama 's administration in 2016 .
Land in trust is a special status in which the federal government holds the title to the property and allows the tribe to make its own decisions on how to develop the tax-exempt land and its natural resources .
“ It 's incredibly frustrating , ” says Jessie “ Little Doe ” Baird , the tribe 's vice chairwoman . “ We 've been struggling to keep land under our feet since the 1600s . ”
The case — and separate regulatory changes contemplated by the Trump administration in the way tribes apply for trust lands — has raised red flags across Indian Country .
Apart from instances in which tribes request it , the federal government has n't removed a tribe 's land trust status since the notorious Termination Era of the 1940s through the 1960s . Back then , Congress sought to end tribal independence by removing federal protections and pushing for the assimilation of American Indians , say Native American groups and federal Indian law experts .
“ While it 's not exactly the same , this brings back those same types of concerns , that those lands that have been seen as secure and protected are potentially not as secure as they were before , ” said Derrick Beetso , senior counsel for the National Congress of American Indians , the largest organization representing tribal communities .
Two dozen tribes , from the Apache in the Southwest to the Sioux in the Dakotas , have written letters in support of legislation in Congress proposed by Massachusetts lawmakers to enshrine the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe 's land status .
The tribe 's leaders have also been visiting other tribal territories in recent months to voice their concerns with the Trump administration 's proposed changes to the land into trust process , which it sees as a direct response to its tortured legal case . The tribe 's appeal of the 2016 court decision remains in federal court pending the Interior Department 's action .
“ This could be just the beginning , ” Baird said . “ If it can happen to us , it can happen to anyone . ”
The proposed revisions were n't prompted by a specific tribe , said Nedra Darling , spokeswoman for the Bureau of Indian Affairs , stressing that there 's no timeframe for making regulatory changes . The agency 's initial proposal was withdrawn after tribes objected .
Those draft regulations would have , among other things , given the public 30 days to appeal any land trust decision and stated explicitly that the Interior Department would comply with any court orders , rather than appeal them .
Tribes argue the Interior Department must commit to defending its land trust decisions — all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court , if necessary — since opponents critical of the loss of taxable land frequently go to great lengths to keep lands out of tribal hands .
If the Mashpee Wampanoag loses trust status for its 321 acres , the tribe 's four-judge court and two-member police department would likely have to be shut down , because they would no longer be operating on sovereign land , said Baird , the tribe 's vice chairwoman .
The tribe would also probably have to halt work on a 143-bedroom housing development for tribal elders and families to seek local permits and approvals , she said . The tribe has already built roads , underground infrastructure and a wastewater treatment plant for the project .
And it would almost certainly have to go back to the drawing board on its planned $ 1 billion casino and hotel complex on a 170-acre industrial park it owns in Taunton , a city some 50 miles away from its Cape Cod base . The tribe , backed by Malaysian gambling company the Genting Group , broke ground on the project in 2016 but halted work after residents , backed by a rival casino company , Chicago 's Rush Street Gaming , successfully sued in federal court .
Paying back taxes is also a possibility , since the tribe and its members would again be subject to state and local taxes , said Robert Anderson , director of the Native American Law Center at the University of Washington in Seattle .
The closest comparisons to the Mashpee 's situation , he said , are the experiences of Menominee Tribe in Wisconsin and the Klamath Tribes in Oregon during the Termination Era .
The Menominee lost a lumber mill and a hospital and had to sell some land to pay local taxes after they lost trust status . The Klamath took per-capital payments for its land and lost their reservation . Both have since regained federal recognition and some land , Anderson said .
The threat of losing sovereign territory is deeply personal for many in the 3,000-member Mashpee Wampanoag tribe , said Kevin “ Rising Eagle ” Frye , the tribe 's police chief .
Elders like his 96-year-old father , Milton Frye , helped secure federal recognition , which finally came in 2007 and was a critical step in securing trust land , he said . Newer generations , like his 22-year-old son , Kevin Frye Jr. , a newly minted Barnstable County deputy sheriff , hope to one day take their place in the tribe 's growing government .
“ There was so much pride when our tribe 's flag was raised for the first time over sovereign land . So this is really tough . This is something our families have fought so hard for , ” Frye Sr. said . “ But at the same time , it does n't change my job . I have to keep dealing with each day as it comes . ”
——
Fonseca reported from Flagstaff , Arizona .
Pop quartet Fifth Harmony have announced a long-rumored hiatus , saying they 're ready to focus on solo careers . “ After six years going hard , non stop , we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you , we do need to take some time for now to go on a hiatus from Fifth Harony in order to pursue solo endeavors , ” the group wrote in a social media statement . “ In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences , strengths and perspective that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family . ”
The split should n't come as too much of a shock to Harmony watchers : In the months since former fifth member Camila Cabello left the group , the four remaining women have released music under their own names and appeared to position themselves for independence . Dinah Jane 's first separate single “ Boom Boom , ” a collaboration with RedOne , Daddy Yankee and French Montana , was released last October . Normani Kordei adopted her first name as a mononym and scored a modest hit with the Khalid collaboration “ Love Lies. ” In addition to new music , Ally Brooke reportedly assembled a solo management team , while Lauren Jauregui is rumored to have signed a solo record deal .
Fifth Harmony originally formed as a quintet on the American version of the TV singing competition The X Factor in 2012 . Cabello left the group in December 2016 under less than friendly circumstances , a split she attributed in part to her decision to begin recording and releasing music under her own name . The early departure paid off quickly : Cabello scored a number-one album and single with her January debut solo album Camila and its breakout hit , “ Havana . ”
The group said they plan to perform shows as scheduled through the end of the year . Read Fifth Harmony 's full statement to fans below .
Is Davido About To Drop R. Kelly 's Version Of IF ? ( See Details )
Davido is all over the media at the moment and for the right reasons . Prior to the release of his hit tune FALL , fans were grooving to what became a national anthem “ IF ” and believe me when the “ 30 Billion ” part comes on , then , you get the feeling ! ! However , IF broke local boundaries as it …
The post Is Davido About To Drop R. Kelly 's Version Of IF ? ( See Details ) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MINNEAPOLIS — As knowledge about head trauma and concussions has increased over the past decade , a growing number of parents have warned their children about the perils of football . Icons of the sport like Bo Jackson have said they would not have played had they known what we know now , while others have said they would actively discourage their children and grandchildren from playing .
Yet here at the home of Sunday 's Super Bowl , the N.F.L . has found a way around those warnings . The league is speaking to children directly .
On Wednesday , after two hours of sprinting around the booths at a Super Bowl Experience sponsored by the cable network Nickelodeon , about 2,500 children made their way to the N.F.L . Play 60 Field — everything at the Experience has a branded name — for a musical performance by JoJo Siwa .
You might not know Siwa , but your child certainly does . A YouTube star and participant on the reality show “ Dance Moms , ” Siwa , 14 , is a familiar face to the millions who watch her videos and sing along to her songs .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
During a break in her performance on Wednesday , she led the crowd in singing “ Happy Birthday ” to Play 60 — the N.F.L . youth fitness campaign that began late in 2007 . After she left , Keith McMaster , the master of ceremonies , took the stage and asked for “ a big round of applause for the N.F.L . and JoJo Siwa . ”
Preston Grasshoppers RFC forward Christian Taylor has left Lightfoot Green to link up with Sale FC .
The versatile Taylor , who can play in the back row and at hooker , recently skippered the England Counties ' Under-20s team on their successful tour of Holland .
His England team won both matches ion tour , including the 57-8 win over Holland A at Watergaareden when Taylor crossed for two tries .
Forwards coach for England Counties on their Dutch tour was Preston 's Paul Arnold .
ESSEX JUNCTION , Vt. ( AP ) — In the leading maple syrup producing state in the country , Vermont residents take their pancake topping seriously , and so do the judges at the annual maple contest at the Vermont Farm Show .
On Monday , a panel of three judges sampled dozens of syrups from producers around the state .
And judging is far more than a sugar buzz .
First , a judge tested the syrup for density — its sugar content . Then , the panel judged the syrup for its color , based on what type of syrup it is : golden , amber , dark or very dark . And finally , they tasted them for flavor .
This year 's best in show went to Howard Beaupre , Sr. , of Milton , Vermont , for his amber syrup .
WINNIPEG — Jeremiah Masoli threw for 338 yards and two touchdowns to lead the Hamilton Tiger-Cats past the Winnipeg Blue Bombers 30-13 on Friday night .
The Tiger-Cats improved to 4-10 on the season and 4-2 under June Jones , who replaced Kent Austin as head coach on Aug. 2 after Hamilton began the season 0-8 .
Masoli completed 27-of-33 passes with no interceptions . He also added 48 yards on eight rushes .
Hamilton is three points behind the Ottawa Redblacks for second place in the CFL 's East Division .
The Bombers fall to 10-4 on the season , and had their five-game winning streak at Investors Group Field snapped . Winnipeg is second in the West Division .
Bombers quarterback Matt Nichols , who entered the game as the CFL 's top-rated quarterback , left at halftime with a suspected upper-body injury and did n't return .
Nichols was 14 of 18 for 158 yards , a touchdown and an interception prior to his departure .
Tiger-Cats kicker Sergio Castillo had to be carried off the field after trying to make a tackle on a return following a missed 38-yard field-goal close to halftime and did n't return .
Hamilton held a 10-0 lead after the first quarter .
Masoli found receiver Brandon Banks behind Winnipeg 's defence for a 60-yard touchdown 70 seconds after the opening kickoff for a 7-0 lead .
Banks paced Hamilton with six catches for 104 yards and the TD .
Castillo made his first of three field goals to extend the lead to 10-0 on a 38-yard attempt . He made his second on a 50-yard kick on the first play of the second quarter to put Hamilton up 13-0 .
A five-yard pass from Nichols to running back Timothy Flanders got Winnipeg on the scoreboard later in the second , cutting the deficit to 13-7 .
After Castillo made it 16-7 , his counterpart in Bombers kicker Justin Medlock , who missed three field goal attempts in Week 16 , converted on a 48-yard attempt to Hamilton 's lead to 16-10 .
Hamilton scored on their first drive of the third quarter . With Castillo out , Masoli punted the ball on a third-down gamble . Banks was onside and recovered the ball and Hamilton running back Alex Green scored on a one-yard rush three plays later , giving the Tiger-Cats a 22-10 advantage .
Green finished with 96 yards on 19 carries .
Medlock added a 38-yard field to make it 22-13 .
Masoli 's second touchdown pass of the game went to receiver Luke Tasker on a three-yard throw . Masoli found Tasker on the ensuing two-point convert attempt to make it 30-13 .
A 48-year-old North Whitehall Township man , who was talking nonsense and touched a 14-year-old girl 's breast in a Hanover Township , Northampton County , hotel , faces several charges , police say .
The girl , who was in town to perform at Musikfest , and a 15-year-old boy encountered Gerald A. Benbow , of the 4600 block of Anthony Drive , about 11 p.m. Aug. 7 on the third floor of the Holiday Inn Express at 3375 High Point Blvd. , Colonial Regional police report .
Benbow followed the teens into an elevator where he fondled the girl , police said . After making sure the girl got to her room , the 15-year-old followed Benbow to the first floor and confronted him , police said .
The teen asked several people in the lobby to call police , then called police himself and tried to keep Benbow from fleeing , police said . Benbow told the teen to move and then ran off , police said
After police arrived , Benbow returned to the scene and , after being told he was under investigation , was ordered by officers not to leave , police said .
Benbow was acting erratically and continued to talk nonsense , police said . Officers attempted to detain him but he resisted and was shocked several times with a Taser , police said .
He was taken to Lehigh Valley Hospital-Muhenberg for observation , police said .
Benbow will be charged via mail with indecent assault on a person younger than 16 , resisting arrest , disorderly conduct and criminal mischief , records show .
His preliminary hearing is tentatively scheduled 9 a.m. Oct. 12 in District Judge James Narlesky 's court , police said .
A listed phone number for Benbow was not immediately available and no attorney was listed in court papers .
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow him on Twitter @ TonyRhodin . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
Rohr faces stern NFF scrutiny
It will no longer be business as usual for Super Eagles coach , Gernot Rohr following a 2-0 defeat to South Africa in Saturday 's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier .
The German tactician who was summoned by the Nigeria Football Federation technical committee to an emergency meeting in Abuja will no longer enjoy the uncommon freedom he has been used to , particularly , as it concerns the invitation of players to camp .
Chairman , NFF technical committee Barrister Chris Green disclosed that Rohr , who had enjoyed no technical interference since he took charge in August 2016 , will have his activities undergo thorough scrutiny from the football body 's technical department .
“ We had an emergency meeting to look at all that went wrong and reviewed Bafana Bafana loss , ” Green said after Tuesday 's emergency meeting .
“ We discussed from match ball , tactics deployed , the fitness of players , organisation of the team and all what 's not . And at the end of the day , we made recommendations to the board .
“ We called for the establishment of the scouting unit in the technical department and that henceforth , we should have a pre-knowledge of players invited before sending to the public .
“ The technical adviser must appear at a press conference where such list will be announced to the public and questions will be asked as regards the list . And there must be a good synergy between the technical crew and technical department cum the committee .
“ We have resolved that certain persons will be deployed to observe training and all sort of things going on in the team . We also asked that only players playing regularly for their clubs should be invited to the national team .
“ There will be redeployment of a psychologist to the team . We believe the players need to be psyched up for matches as we will face Cameroon which will be a very tough game . ”
The post Rohr faces stern NFF scrutiny appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why Nigerians want true federalism – Wike tells American Ambassador
Rivers State Governor , Nyesom Wike , says Nigerians are demanding true federalism to enable each region develop according to its capability . The governor spoke yesterday when he hosted the US Ambassador to Nigeria , Mr William Symington . In a statement by his Special Assistant on Electronic Media , Mr Simeon Nwakaudu , Wike explained that Rivers people , for instance , [ … ]
Why Nigerians want true federalism – Wike tells American Ambassador
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MADISON , Wis. ( AP ) — Gov . Scott Walker planned to sign a bill Monday lifting Wisconsin 's moratorium on gold and silver mining , reversing his vote from nearly 20 years ago imposing the ban .
Source : LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Lipan fans loved Valentine 's evening when witnessing the Indians ' 77-24 dismantling of Lingleville to win the district boys basketball championship . Lipan , ranked No . 1 in the state , has a bye in the first round of the playoffs before playing late next week . Meanwhile , the Tolar boys were upset by Millsap and will be in a three-team district playoff later this week .
COLUMBIA , S.C. — Brian Bowen is reaming in the NBA draft after the NCAA told South Carolina he would miss at least all next season before he would be eligible to play as the federal investigation into college basketball continues .
Bowen announced his decision to stay in the NBA draft through the school on Wednesday .
The decision means Bowen , the one-time Louisville recruit who transferred to the Gamecocks in January , wo n't ever play in college . He was suspended by Louisville after the school said it was being investigated as part of the federal corruption probe into the sport .
The federal complaint stated an Adidas executive and others attempted to funnel $ 100,000 to a recruit 's family for him to play at Louisville . Details in the documents made clear investigators were referring to Bowen .
ZAGREB , Croatia — Hundreds of people , including two government ministers , attended a commemoration ceremony Monday to honour a Croatian general who died after apparently taking poison at a United Nations tribunal that confirmed his war crimes conviction .
Bused in from other Croatian towns and from Bosnia , admirers of Slobodan Praljak filled the main concert hall in Zagreb , the capital . The gathering , organized by a Croatian generals ' association , displayed the resurging nationalism in the European Union 's newest member state .
Miroslav Tudjman , the son of Croatia 's late president Franjo Tudjman , denounced the tribunal in The Hague , Netherlands . Tudjman described Praljak as a “ big man no one can match . ”
“ Slobodan Praljak would n't live as a war criminal for a minute because he was n't one , ” Tudjman told a clapping crowd . “ His conviction is an insult for justice . ”
Praljak gulped what he said was poison after judges at the Yugoslav war crimes court confirmed his 20-year sentence in an appeals hearing last month . Despite medical attention , he died soon after .
Many in Croatia consider Praljak a hero despite his conviction for war crimes – including murder , persecution and inhumane treatment – against Muslims in Bosnia during the 1992-95 war . For days , Praljak 's photo was on display at Zagreb 's main square where people lit candles .
On Monday afternoon , members of the Youth Initiative for Human Rights group lit candles in downtown Zagreb for the victims of the Bosnian war , urging condemnation of the era 's belligerent policies , and stating they do not sympathize with the war criminals .
Dutch authorities and the court have opened investigations into how Praljak , who had been in custody , obtained the substance .
Croatian officials have criticized the ruling against Praljak and five other former Bosnian Croat officials because it linked Croatia 's wartime leadership with Bosnian Croat efforts to carve out a mini-state in Bosnia .
Tudjman , whose late father was named in the verdict as having been involved in the plot , described the ruling as “ unjust ” and “ staged ” as a result of anti-Croat bias by the Hague court .
Croatia has faced criticism internationally and from liberals at home for its heated reaction to The Hague ruling and Praljak 's death , amid the surge in right-wing sentiments , including death threats against some liberal politicians .
Praljak was reportedly cremated last week in a private ceremony .
By MATTHEW LEE
AP Diplomatic Writer
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The Trump administration on Monday banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency , saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions .
In an executive order issued on Monday that took effect immediately , President Donald Trump declared illegal all transactions related to Venezuelan digital currencies , coins or tokens . The prohibition applies to all people and companies subject to U.S. jurisdiction . The move follows the introduction last month of a Venezuelan cryptocurrency known as the `` petro , '' for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $ 5 billion .
In the executive order , Trump said it was an `` attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions '' imposed for democratic backsliding .
The Treasury had said in January that the petro appeared to be an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned that transactions in it may violate U.S. sanctions .
In February , cash-strapped Venezuela became the first country to launch its own version of bitcoin , the petro , in a move that President Nicolas Maduro celebrated as putting his country on the world 's technological forefront .
The petro is backed by Venezuela 's crude oil reserves , the largest in the world , yet it has arrived on the market as the socialist country sinks deeper into an economic crisis marked by soaring inflation and food shortages that put residents in lines for hours to buy common products .
Maduro had announced late last year that he was creating the digital currency to outmaneuver U.S. sanctions preventing Venezuela from issuing new debt .
Bitcoin and other digital tokens are already widely used in Venezuela as a hedge against hyperinflation and an easy-to-use mechanism for paying for everything from doctor visits to honeymoons in a country where obtaining hard currency requires transactions in the illegal black market .
The government has promised that Venezuelans will be able to use the $ 60 coins to pay taxes and for public services . But with the Venezuelan minimum wage hovering around $ 3 a month , it 's unlikely citizens will buy in large amounts .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
HEERENVEEN , Netherlands ( AP ) — The mass start is everything traditional Olympic long-track speedskating is not .
There are spills , pushes , elbows , evil eyes and worse over 16 laps as two dozen skaters vie in a pack for one gold medal . There is teamwork , strategy and often one nail-biting sprint to the finish line .
`` That is why it is so exciting , '' said reigning world champion Joey Mantia , already relishing the thought of lining up for the final in the new event . So is just about everybody else .
Traditionalists in countries like Norway and the Netherlands love speedskating with its endless time trials between two racers , the subtleties of lap time variations and long waits to see which times actually survives for gold .
But as the 21st century butted in with its in-your-face Olympic additions like snowboarding and jazzed-up forms of skiing like skicross and slopestyle , speedskating could not stay behind .
It needed a serious dose of cool , the complaints of boring races and predictable winners mounting at every Olympics . Critics said 10,000-meter races taking 13-plus minutes between two racers only to be followed by more of the same for the best time of a session was just too much .
So now , you get a pack of racers , let them rev up , race for seven to eight minutes , and get first to the line .
`` This will get people looking at long-track and say , 'OK this is a little bit like Formula One , ' '' Mantia said during an interview at the Thialf oval in northern Netherlands . `` It 's pretty simple : you have instant gratification in terms of who is across line — first , second , third is gold , silver , bronze . That 's it . ''
`` There is no waiting for 25 , 30 minutes to see who else is going to do the time trial and how is it going to unfold , '' he said .
And for all the comparisons to Rollerball , the ultra-violent 1975 sci-fi movie actually set in 2018 , there will be no James Caan skating past bodies .
Sometimes , the race can be lulled into a tactical stalemate where skaters weave slowly across the ice before suddenly one racer bursts free on an attempted getaway .
With all skaters chasing in a pack it can get hairy , said 2016 world champion Ivanie Blondin of Canada .
She explained the attitude going round the oval . `` There are girls grabbing you , '' she said . `` When they are passing you on the outside , or on the inside , they will grab your hips and push them back . And they do n't get disqualified for that , '' she said .
`` And neither do I , so in a way it is kind of a free-for-all . ''
In short , she said , `` there kinda are no rules . ''
How bad is it really ? `` If you like body check someone or if you do make someone fall , then you can get disqualified . But I have yet to see someone get disqualified for a fall . ''
And when there are hot rivalries in time trial races , there is little to see , since they race in different lanes all the time . Here it 's different .
Blondin is known not to get along with Irene Schouten of the Netherlands . `` We do n't really see eye to eye , so it makes things a little bit more interesting . ''
And where the other events are carefully honed disciplines with a minimum of interference in their specific lanes , massive upsets are rare .
In mass starts , though , who knows who will win , especially in its first showing since the 1932 Games in Lake Placid .
The World Cup standings offer some guidance with Lee Seung-hoon of South Korea winning two of three races and Francesca Lollobrigida of Italy leading the women 's standings .
But what counts a great deal in such races is self-confidence verging on cockiness .
`` Nobody believes in me more than I do , '' said Mantia . `` I do n't think anybody has a better chance than I do to win gold and I am going to skate the race that way . ''
___
More AP Olympic coverage : https : //wintergames.ap.org
The letter also asks for general background info , such as the number of data policy violations from the past 10 years , privacy assessments since the FTC decree from 2011 , as well as the number of apps Facebook audited . The collection took place through an app , `` thisisyourdigitallife , '' that gathered information about both its immediate users and their Facebook friends .
Wyden has given Zuckerberg until April 13th to provide answers .
This is n't the same as a formal investigation , and wo n't necessarily lead to action . Members of Congress have a habit of sending letters whenever they 're concerned about a subject , and only occasionally follow up -- it 's frequently about the public show of concern more than tangible action . This shows that the issue is alarming enough to at least draw attention from Congress , however , and Wyden is on the Senate Intelligence Committee . It wo n't be surprising if this leads to a more substantial investigation , especially in light of concerns about election manipulation .
The worldwide movement to ban single-use plastics is picking up momentum as a growing number of bars and restaurants have pledged to # StopSucking plastic straws . In November 2019 , Vancouver will become the first Canadian city to prohibit the disposable drinking implement . Meanwhile , cities such as Delhi , India and Seattle , Wash. have already committed and New York City is considering it , too .
British Prime Minister Theresa May has vowed to eliminate plastic waste by 2042 and is encouraging other Commonwealth nations to join suit . As CNN reports , the European Union recently put forward a plan that would eradicate 10 single-use plastic products including straws , stir sticks and cutlery . The single-use plastic items included in the proposed ban currently comprise 70 per cent of the garbage polluting EU waters and beaches .
And Europe is not alone : the world 's oceans are littered with plastic , which poses a great threat to marine life . Recent research
by Dutch non-profit Ocean Cleanup found that roughly 1.8 trillion pieces of plastic are adrift in a single expanse of the Pacific Ocean alone . At three times the size of continental France , the researchers have dubbed the area the Great Pacific Garbage Patch .
While an outright ban on single-use plastics is likely to have a positive effect on the environment , advocates argue that it would be detrimental to people with disabilities , many of which consider plastic straws essential to leading an independent life .
“ I 'm hoping a sensible compromise could be implemented where the default is to not provide straws , ” Jane Dyson , executive director of Disability Alliance B.C. , told StarMetro , “ but if a person with disability ask for straws , they could be provided with one . ”
For people with disabilities , having to supply their own straws is both inconvenient and prohibitively expensive , inews.co.uk reports . “ As we move to ridding our oceans , beaches and parks of unnecessary single-use plastics , disabled people should n't be used as a scapegoat by large corporations , ” Jamie Szymkowiak , co-founder of Scottish advocacy group One in Five , wrote in a blog post for Greenpeace .
Alternatives to plastic straws – bamboo , compostable , glass , paper or metal – “ are not always suitable and could even prove dangerous , ” the BBC reports . In the U.K. , advocates including One in Five are pushing for viable alternatives to be in place before plastic straws are outlawed .
“ The anti-plastic straw debate has enraged me because it has been one-sided . No-one has consulted disabled people , ” Rosaleen Moriarty-Simmonds told the BBC .
“ A significant number of us rely on the humble plastic straw to be able to drink a glass of water , wine or a cup of coffee . It 's a fundamental human right to be able to have a drink and to be able to drink it as and when you need to drink it , and to do it independently . ”
WTB : Tar-Hunt Slug gun bolt action Hello ,
I am looking to buy a Tar-hunt bolt action slug gun . If you have one you would like to sell please email or message me . Thank you . M .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — Authorities say two children and two adults are unaccounted for after an overnight house fire in Cleveland .
Firefighters say a woman believed to be the children 's mother escaped the fire early Tuesday morning by jumping from the home on the city 's east side . She was taken to a hospital , and information about her condition was n't immediately released .
Investigators say a 4-year-old boy , an 8-year-old girl , their father and another man are missing .
Firefighters say the blaze caused severe damage , hindering their ability to search the charred home .
There was no immediate word on what caused the fire . The state fire marshal 's office will help investigate .
ORMOND BEACH , Fla. ( WESH ) — Ormond Beach police on Sunday arrested two women suspected in a series of armed robberies committed by someone wearing a Batman mask and armed with a knife .
Police say they found Wateka Thomason , 33 , and Cassandra Raffa , 31 , sleeping in a vehicle at the Ormond Beach Walmart .
They were arrested and booked into the Volusia County Jail where they are being held without bond .
Thomason is charged with grand theft and trespassing . Raffa is charged with grand theft , dealing in stolen property , obstruction by disguised person and trespassing . Both women are expected to face a judge Monday to be appointed attorneys .
The first robbery took place on Dec. 13 , at a 7-Eleven store , and was followed by the robberies of a Kangaroo Express and a Steak ‘ n ' Shake .
Police say the most recent robbery was on Dec. 22 . No one was injured in the holdups .
Police have not yet revealed how they linked Thomason and Raffa to the four robberies . Initially , they believed the suspect was a male .
Business News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : thebftonline.com
2017-10-06
Gifty Kekeli Klenam , CEO – Ghana Export Promotion Authority ( GEPA )
The Ghana Export Promotion Authority ( GEPA ) has earmarked GH¢4.2million to implement development of smooth cayenne variety pineapples into a niche market in the European Union .
The funding will go into addressing supply chain challenges and to promote the export of air-freighted smooth cayenne pineapples to the European Union , with the aim of realising some US $ 13,500,000 in estimated projected earnings over a period of four to five years .
It is expected to result in the injection of over 15,000,000 suckers of smooth cayenne pineapple varieties into the system , CEO of the GEPA Ms. Gifty Kekeli Klenam said at the 77th National Exporters ' Forum in Accra , held under the theme ‘ Supporting the Non-Traditional Export Sector for Economic Transformation ' .
The Exporters ' Forum , which brought together leading non-traditional exporters , trade experts , government officials and other stakeholders , offered a common platform for exporters and trade officials to discuss and find solutions to challenges along the value chain of the export business .
Ms. Klenam indicated that non-traditional exports hold the key to the country 's export diversification drive .
She stated that GEPA has developed and will subsequently roll out initiatives in other sector value chains such as yam , vegetables , cashew , shea , processed cocoa and mango .
The implementation of these initiatives will enable GEPA to achieve a significant increase in the share of NTEs in total exports , as a major step toward structural transformation of the export sector for spearheading growth and diversification of the Ghanaian economy .
She said the plan formed part of GEPAs initiatives in response to the dwindling supply base of exportable products , through the development of new and improved seedlings for planting to improve the competitiveness of Ghanaian products in both local and international markets .
Ms. Klenam said despite Ghana 's subscription to regional and multilateral trade agreements , the non-existence of its own policy document on export promotion strategy partly explains why Ghana could not take full advantage of these agreements .
It is in this direction and furtherance to the strategic objective of the National Export Strategy that GEPA had set its strategic objective of increasing the contribution of non-traditional exports from the current US $ 2.4billion to US $ 10billion .
“ Export development is an essential component of a country 's competitiveness agenda in the 21st century , and a critical element of job-creation in the immediate term .
“ Our inability to achieve that can be attributed partly to reactive and fragmented exports that were insufficiently funded , ” she said .
A Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry , Mr. Carlos Ahenkorah , said NTEs comprise a considerable number of products and the country needs a broader export base – using its comparative strength in agri-business , minerals , services , oil and other areas .
He said it is about time measures were implemented to move the NTEs forward , and lauded the initiatives GEPA is adopting to increase export earnings and reinvigorate the sector .
He urged exporters to register and renew their exporter businesses with GEPA through the Ghana 's Trade Hub Single Window Platform , so as to help in the formulation of programmes to support exporters .
Mr. Ahenkorah urged the exporters to position themselves to be able to take advantage of the continental free trade area in Africa , likely to come into force in 2018 .
“ Our goal as a government is simple : to build the most business-friendly and people-friendly economy in Africa , which will create jobs and prosperity for all Ghanaians . We will ensure that growth is socially responsible , diversified , spread geographically , comes from genuine value addition , and be environmentally sensitive and fair to all participants in the economy – including labour , ” he said .
COLLEGE PARK , Md . — Playing without two key players , Maryland used depth and teamwork to make up the difference against Gardner-Webb .
Freshman Darryl Morsell scored a career-high 18 points , Kevin Huerter added 15 and the Terrapins methodically rolled to an 82-60 victory Saturday .
Maryland ( 9-3 ) had 21 assists on its 30 baskets , committed only 11 turnovers and got 33 points from its bench .
“ I thought our offence was terrific , sharing the ball and passing the ball , ” coach Mark Turgeon said . “ We had a lot of guys play well . ”
Maryland was playing for the second time in three days and was without forwards Justin Jackson ( illness ) and Bruno Fernando ( ankle sprain ) .
If this was a Big Ten game , that might have been a problem . Against Gardner-Webb , it was not .
“ To win easily and play everybody was good , ” Turgeon said .
Michal Cekovsky had 12 points , Anthony Cowan Jr. contributed 10 and 6-foot-9 freshman forward Joshua Tomaic had nine points and six rebounds . Tomaic played 16 minutes after logging a total of 17 in Maryland 's first 11 games .
DJ Laster scored 21 and David Efianayi had 18 for the Runnin ' Bulldogs ( 3-8 ) , who faded after getting within 12 points with 11 minutes to go .
“ Playing on the road is always hard , ” coach Tim Craft said . “ We 've played at Florida , we 've played at Miami and Auburn , and this one is similar to those . ”
The Terrapins led 42-29 early in the second half before Dion Wiley hit successive 3-pointers to push the lead to 19 points .
After Gardner-Webb closed to 50-36 , Morsell scored on a drive , Cekovsky converted an alley-oop pass and Morsell added a dunk to give the Terps a 20-point cushion with 13 minutes left .
Not long after the final buzzer , Turgeon beamed about the unselfish fashion in which his team performed .
“ I was pretty adamant about the guys trying to play the right way offensively , ” the coach said .
Morsell scored 11 points and Huerter had 10 to help the Terrapins take a 38-24 lead at halftime .
Morsell came off the bench with Maryland up 7-6 and immediately made a difference , hitting a jumper and 3-point play to spark a 10-2 spurt .
“ We did n't have a lot going . We were a little bit flat offensively at the start , and I thought Darryl just gave us a huge lift , ” Turgeon said .
Though the Runnin ' Bulldogs shot only 33 per cent and were 1 for 7 from beyond the arc in the first half , they trailed by only 32-24 before Maryland got successive 3-pointers from Tomaic and Cowan .
BIG PICTURE
Gardner-Webb : The Runnin ' Bulldogs probably wo n't face competition this stiff in the Big South , so a game like this can only help when it comes time to hit the road for conference play .
Maryland : With Jackson and Fernando out , Turgeon experimented with different combinations .
“ I 've got good players I ca n't get on the floor unless there 's an injury , ” Turgeon said .
Morsell made an early entry , forward Ivan Bender got his second start , 6-foot-9 freshman Sean Obi was placed in the mix before halftime and Tomaic played in the first half for the first time this season .
MISFIRE
Craft lamented his team 's 4-for-17 performance from beyond the arc .
“ We ran pretty good offence ; we just struggled to finish plays , ” he said . “ You are not going to be many good teams when you shoot the ball that poorly . ”
INJURY UPDATE
Fernando hurt his ankle against Ohio on Thursday and watched in uniform Saturday . “ We 're not going to rush him back for Tuesday night 's game ( against Catholic ) , ” said Turgeon , who expects to have Jackson back by then .
UP NEXT
Gardner-Webb : On the road against Hampton on Dec. 17 .
Maryland : Tuesday night 's matchup against Catholic will be the third of five straight non-conference home games for the Terrapins .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . — The Patriots have mostly been conservative in recent NFL drafts , often moving down on the board or being content to search for gems in the undrafted player pool .
This year they do n't have that luxury with several holes to fill , including one behind 40-year-old quarterback Tom Brady .
New England has plenty to work with . It holds two first-round picks and five selections in the first 95 picks . It shapes up to be a busy weekend that could go a long way in moulding the post-Brady era .
Coach Bill Belichick said everything is on the table .
“ We evaluate what our options are and try to do what we feel like is best , whether that 's stay and pick a player , move up for a player , move back and trade into next year , ” he said .
“ We 've traded draft picks for players on the day of the draft ; we did that last year . So , whatever the opportunities are , we 'll evaluate them as they come . ”
With Brady under centre , the quarterback position was n't a huge priority for most of his career .
Brady is coming off an MVP season , but backup Brian Hoyer is the only other quarterback on the roster .
New England most recently drafted Jacoby Brissett ( third round , 91st overall ) in 2016 . But the Patriots have n't selected a quarterback in the first two rounds since they picked up Jimmy Garoppolo in the second round ( 62nd overall ) in 2014 .
The last quarterback that New England selected in the first round ? Drew Bledsoe in 1993 .
Garoppolo seemed like Brady 's successor until his surprise midseason trade to San Francisco last season . That deal followed the preseason trade of Brissett to Indianapolis .
New England got a second-round pick in return for Garoppolo , which is one of the bargaining chips it could use to select one of the sought-after prospects in this year 's deep quarterback class .
Players such as UCLA 's Josh Rosen and Louisville 's Lamar Jackson could be targets if the Patriots move up . But so are players expected to be available later such as Oklahoma State 's Mason Rudolph , Richmond 's Kyle Lauletta and Toledo 's Logan Woodside .
NFL Network analyst Mike Mayock said he thinks New England will have to consider Jackson , but questions whether it would be too drastic a move away from Brady 's style .
“ I think the Patriots are as comprehensive as any team I 've ever been around . The homework they do is amazing , ” Mayock said . “ So I think they throw a wide net , and they look at a lot of people . ”
HIGHLY DECORATED
The Patriots have 16 first-team All-Pro selections via the draft since 2000 , which ranks behind only the Panthers ( 18 ) , Cowboys ( 17 ) and Seahawks ( 17 ) . In addition , the Patriots lead the NFL with 63 Pro Bowl selections via the draft since 2000 . Next are the Cowboys ( 62 ) and Chargers ( 50 ) .
OTHER PRIORITIES
While the quarterback position has gotten a lot of attention , New England has perhaps even more glaring needs on the offensive line , as well as at linebacker and cornerback .
The Patriots lost both of their starting tackles in free agency when Nate Solder signed with the Giants and Cam Fleming signed with the Cowboys . They also need another dependable option at linebacker to help Dont ' a Hightower and Kyle Van Noy .
The same need is there at cornerback following Malcolm Butler 's mysterious Super Bowl benching and his subsequent free agency signing by the Titans .
UCLA 's Kolton Miller and Notre Dame 's Mike McGlinchey are likely on New England 's wish list at tackle . Alabama 's Rashaan Evans is a name to watch early as a possible pickup at linebacker . UCF 's Mike Hughes is a candidate at cornerback .
HITS , MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Patriots have had draft success on both sides of the ball recently . Garoppolo and 2017 Super Bowl star James White ( fourth round , 130th overall in 2014 ) stand out on offence .
Defensively , safety Duron Harmon has been everything they hoped for when they took him in the third round in 2013 . He 's appeared in 16 regular-season games each of the past four seasons and led the team with four interceptions in 2017 .
New England also got a huge bargain in 2015 when it selected defensive end Trey Flowers in the fourth round ( 101st overall ) . An injury kept him sidelined for all but one game his rookie season , but he 's bounced back to have 13 1/2 sacks over the past two seasons .
But there have been high-profile misses . Cornerback and punt returner Cyrus Jones has struggled to stay on the field after the Patriots used a second-round pick ( 60th overall ) on him in 2016 . He spent most of his rookie season in the doghouse because of five fumbles . Jones then missed the 2017 season after suffering a knee injury in the preseason finale .
——
More AP NFL : https : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Kyle Hightower on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/khightower
President Donald Trump promised to make health care more affordable but a government report finds that out-of-pocket costs — deductibles and copayments — would average 61 percent higher under the House Republican bill .
And even though the sticker price for premiums would be lower than under the Obama-era law , what consumers actually pay would edge up on average because government financial assistance would be curtailed .
The report from the Office of the Actuary , a nonpartisan economic unit at the Health and Human Services Department , was released earlier this week with little fanfare .
`` It 's fascinating , '' said Chris Sloan , a policy expert with the Avalere Health consulting firm . `` They actually think that on average people will be paying more even though the underlying premium is less . ''
The estimates are for the year 2026 , and apply to people who buy their own health insurance policies . That group was a major focus of former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act . Individually-purchased coverage is also key to the GOP 's American Health Care Act , which would roll back much of `` Obamacare . ''
The report tracks with findings by the Congressional Budget Office , which said millions more would be uninsured under the Republican legislation , in particular due to Medicaid cuts affecting low-income people . But at first blush the impact appears to be less dramatic . The budget office estimate of 23 million more uninsured in 2026 compares with 13 million projected by the experts at HHS .
However , Sloan said much of the contrast appears due to a fairly technical issue : the two groups of experts make different assumptions about the number of people covered as a result of Obama 's law .
The HHS report also finds that the Republican bill would shorten the life of the Medicare hospital trust fund by two years , partly because it repeals a tax on upper-income earners .
In a statement , the Trump administration said the new HHS estimate does n't take into account other changes proposed by the president , including relief from burdensome regulations and additional health care legislation .
While Trump celebrated passage of the House bill with a Rose Garden ceremony , lately he 's told senators it 's too `` mean , '' and he 's urged lawmakers to spend more money on health care . Republican senators are trying to find a compromise that will let them advance their own version .
The HHS experts projected forward nearly a decade , estimating that sticker-price premiums would average $ 801 a month in 2026 if the Obama law stays in place .
Under the GOP bill , that gross monthly premium would drop to $ 695 , or about 13 percent less .
Yet financial assistance would also be reduced under House bill , which provides government tax credits based on age , not income . After taking that and other changes into account , net premiums would average $ 380 under the GOP bill , a little bit more than the $ 360 a month consumers would pay under current law .
The GOP bill also would eliminate current subsidies that help reduce deductibles and copayments for people of modest incomes . And it would allow insurers to offer plans that cover fewer benefits , among other changes . Both those shifts lead to higher deductibles and copayments .
When all that is factored in , the HHS estimate found that cost-sharing would average $ 380 a month , 61 percent more than the estimate of $ 236 under current law .
In a Washington Post interview shortly before taking office , Trump promised `` much lower deductibles . ''
`` You can see promise of the lower premiums holding up , '' said Sloan . `` But there is nothing in this proposal that is going to lead to lower deductibles or lower cost-sharing . There is just nothing there . ''
The HHS report cautioned that averages do n't tell the whole story . The impacts would vary widely by age , income , and where a consumer lives . And the cost-sharing average includes people who use their insurance a lot , and people who do n't go to the doctor .
———
HHS Office of the Actuary report : https : //tinyurl.com/ycc9cmvt
A woman has been hurt in a single car accident near Wolvi .
A WOMAN has been hurt after her car hit a tree near Wolvi this afternoon .
According to a Queensland Ambulance Media spokeswoman , the woman , in her late 20s , was driving alone along Tagigan Rd when the accident happened at 2.51pm .
She was treated by emergency services after injuring her shoulder in the crash , but transported herself privately to hospital .
No other vehicles were involved in the crash .
COSTA MESA , Calif. , Aug. Price consistency or the alignment between advertised price and the price that actually shows up on a customer 's bill is a critical driver of customer satisfaction with the wireless purchase experience , according to the J.D . Power 2017 U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Full Service Performance StudySM Volume 2 and the J.D . Power 2017 U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Non Contract Performance StudySM Volume 2 , both released today .
`` Increased customer awareness of taxes and hidden fees on their wireless bills is clearly starting to have an effect on the overall purchase experience , '' said Peter Cunningham , technology , media & telecommunications practice lead at J.D . Power . `` The good news for wireless companies is that there is a huge opportunity to win the hearts and minds of customers by simply delivering better consistency between advertised and actual pricing . Those who recognize this issue and effectively address it will go a long way toward shedding the 'used car dealer ' stigma that is growing among consumers regarding wireless carriers . ''
Following are key findings from the studies :
Study Rankings
AT & T ranks highest among wireless full-service carriers , with an overall score of 823 . MetroPCS ranks highest among non-contract full-service carriers with a score of 810 , and Consumer Cellular ranks highest among non-contract value carriers with a score of 863 .
About the Studies
Now in their 14th year , the U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Full-Service Performance Study and U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Non-Contract Performance Study evaluate the wireless purchase experience of customers who use any one of three purchase channels : phone calls with sales representatives ; visits to a retail wireless store ; or online/website . Overall purchase experience satisfaction with both full-service and non-contract carriers is measured in six factors ( in order of importance ) : store sales representative ; website ; offerings and promotions ; phone sales representative ; store facility ; and cost of service .
The 2017 U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Full-Service Performance Study-Volume 2 is based on responses from 6,703 full-service customers . The 2017 U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Non-Contract Performance Study-Volume 2 is based on responses from 3,011 non-contract customers . Both studies are based on the experiences of current wireless service customers who made a sales transaction with their current carrier within the previous three months . The studies were fielded from January through June 2017 .
For more information about the J.D . Power U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Full-Service Performance Study and the U.S. Wireless Purchase Experience Non-Contract Performance Study , visit http : //www.jdpower.com/resource/us-wireless-purchase-experience-satisfaction-study .
See the online press release at http : //www.jdpower.com/pr-id/2017123 .
J.D . Power is a global leader in consumer insights , advisory services and data and analytics . These capabilities enable J.D . Power to help its clients drive customer satisfaction , growth and profitability . Established in 1968 , J.D . Power is headquartered in Costa Mesa , Calif. , and has offices serving North/South America , Asia Pacific and Europe . J.D . Power is a portfolio company of XIO Group , a global alternative investment and private equity firm headquartered in London , and is led by its four founders : Athene Li , Joseph Pacini , Murphy Qiao and Carsten Geyer .
Study Rankings Overall Purchase Experience Rankings ( Based on a 1,000-point scale ) Full-Service Carriers JDPower.com Power Circle Ratings™ For Consumers AT & T 823 5 Full-Service Average 816 3 Verizon Wireless 814 3 T-Mobile 813 3 Sprint 785 2 Non-Contract Full-Service Carriers MetroPCS 810 5 Cricket 808 5 Virgin Mobile 802 3 Non-Contract Full-Service Average 802 3 Boost Mobile 786 2 Non-Contract Value Carriers Consumer Cellular 863 5 Net10 810 3 Non-Contract Value Average 806 3 TracFone 805 3 Straight Talk 774 2 Power Circle Ratings Legend 5 - Among the best 4 - Better than most 3 - About average 2 - The rest Award-Eligible Full-Service Carriers Included in the Study Company Key Executive Company Location AT & T Glenn Lurie Atlanta , Ga. Sprint Marcelo Claure Overland Park , Kan. T-Mobile John Legere Bellevue , Wash. Verizon Wireless John Stratton New York , N.Y. Award-Eligible Non-Contract Carriers Included in the Study Company Key Executive Company Location Boost Mobile Marcelo Claure Overland Park , Kan. Consumer Cellular John Marick Portland , Ore. Cricket John Dwyer San Diego , Calif. MetroPCS John Legere Bellevue , Wash. Net10 Gustavo Blanco Miami , Fla. Straight Talk Gustavo Blanco Miami , Fla. TracFone Gustavo Blanco Miami , Fla. Virgin Mobile Marcelo Claure Overland Park , Kan .
Study Rankings
Overall Purchase Experience Rankings
( Based on a 1,000-point scale )
Full-Service Carriers
JDPower.com Power Circle Ratings™
For Consumers
AT & T
823
5
Full-Service Average
816
3
Verizon Wireless
814
3
T-Mobile
813
3
Sprint
785
2
Non-Contract Full-Service Carriers
MetroPCS
810
5
Cricket
808
5
Virgin Mobile
802
3
Non-Contract Full-Service Average
802
3
Boost Mobile
786
2
Non-Contract Value Carriers
Consumer Cellular
863
5
Net10
810
3
Non-Contract Value Average
806
3
TracFone
805
3
Straight Talk
774
2
Power Circle Ratings Legend
5 - Among the best
4 - Better than most
3 - About average
2 - The rest
Award-Eligible Full-Service Carriers Included in the Study
Company
Key Executive
Company Location
AT & T
Glenn Lurie
Atlanta , Ga .
Sprint
Marcelo Claure
Overland Park , Kan .
T-Mobile
John Legere
Bellevue , Wash .
Verizon Wireless
John Stratton
New York , N.Y .
Award-Eligible Non-Contract Carriers Included in the Study
Company
Key Executive
Company Location
Boost Mobile
Marcelo Claure
Overland Park , Kan .
Consumer Cellular
John Marick
Portland , Ore .
Cricket
John Dwyer
San Diego , Calif .
MetroPCS
John Legere
Bellevue , Wash .
Net10
Gustavo Blanco
Miami , Fla .
Straight Talk
Gustavo Blanco
Miami , Fla .
TracFone
Gustavo Blanco
Miami , Fla .
Virgin Mobile
Marcelo Claure
Overland Park , Kan .
Media Relations Contacts Geno Effler ; Costa Mesa , Calif. ; 714-621-6224 ; media.relations @ jdpa.com John Roderick ; St. James , N.Y. ; 631-584-2200 ; john @ jroderick.com
About J.D . Power and Advertising/Promotional Rules www.jdpower.com/about-us/press-release-info
View original content with multimedia : http : //www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/unexpected-fees-create-significant-drag-on-wireless-purchase-experience-jd-power-finds-300502395.html
SOURCE J.D . Power
http : //www.jdpower.com $ page_length='long ' ; ? >
What does the Igbo want : Biafra , President or restructuring ?
A simple but complex debate is going on in Nigeria on the subject , ‘ what does nd'Igbo want : Biafra , President or restructuring ? That even nd'Igbo differ in their response to this debate does not mean they are confused or in dilemma of what they want .
Let it be known that as ndi-Igbo we will always have our differences and we will always argue about them . No matter what are those differences and how we argue about it , so long as we argue like brothers then we can be sure of being part of the great future that lie ahead whether in Biafra or as citizens of a restructured true Federal Republic Nigerians . However the debate goes , we must never again accept to subject ourselves to slavery or domination or willfully surrender our neck for slaughter under any guise .
Millions of Igbo youths , especially the generation born in the late 60s and early 70s want out of Nigeria because all the country has offered them are pains , suffering , anguish , killings , unemployment , starvation , lawlessness , corrupt and inept leaderships . These youths can not understand being citizen of a country that is riddled with corruption and as a result is unable to provide basic social amenities , like electricity , water , roads , shelter and hospitals for the citizens . The biggest tragedy of Nigeria is not just its inability to manage her being big but the inability of successive governments to protect lives and properties of citizens . Millions of people have died in the hands of both state actors and common criminals with the victims never getting justice .
So , do n't blame the youths who want an end to the contraption called Nigeria , blame the country and visionless leaders with no actionable plan for its exploding youth populations some of whom had fled harsh economic conditions to foreign lands in search of greener pasture . It is these youths that are marching the streets of Rome , Washington and London waving the Israeli and Biafra flags and demanding for freedom from Nigeria . For these youths , whether in IPOB , MASSOB or other fringe organizations , it 's either Biafra or nothing and their voices are getting stronger and louder , and their demand more popular than ever .
There are also the group of Igbo elites , some of who are in politics and academics who believe Nigeria still has all it takes to be a great nation and that the Igbo can favorably compete for space with other tribes rather than abandon the country built on the strength and sweat of their fathers . Like the late Nkrumah of Ghana , these group will say ‘ Give us political power and the rest will follow ' .
Rightly or wrong they believe the idea Igbo President is welcome . Some of these elites are already positioning within the ruling APC and opposition PDP . In fact the APC group who must as necessity prove loyalty to the incumbent president rumored to be having second term agenda , recently distanced themselves from the call for Igbo President in 2019 while insisting 2023 to be the time for the Igbo . Perhaps these group is working on the premise that power will be given to nd'Igbo in 2023 without question and not to be taken by them in 2019 .
Truthfully , there is absolutely nothing wrong or unexpected for an Igbo , man or woman , to emerge as Nigeria 's President in 2019 or by extension 2023 .
The prospective possibility must be in one of the two major parties . PDP or APC or in the possibility of another mega party ! The candidate must demonstrate to Nigerians that he or she believes in Nigeria to the satisfaction of Nigerians !
To win the presidency means to win and command the trust of other Nigerians . Therefore , the candidate must work to enlarge his or her constituency in not only the South East and the South-South but in the rest of the other geo-political zones !
It is my opinion that Political power in the hand of a visionary leader of Igbo extraction could restore Nigeria back to greatness . A great and visionary leader will be able to put restructuring and true federalism as a major policy focus . Once Nigeria is working for the common good of all , no one will want to exit including the Biafra agitators whose primary reason for agitating is the fact that Nigeria has not worked and is not working ?
If we must earn the trust of other zones to support one of us as president we must begin now to close ranks get sober . We should stop abuses each other , in particular abuse of the North and South Westerners and get humble so as to get Nd'Igbo back to realize their strength within Nigeria ' political framework – that is Strength Not Weakness !
We should not need an Obasanjo to tell us that simple truth that we need to hold tight to the South-South , extend handshakes across Niger to the West and embrace our friends in the North to produce Presidency in 2019 especially if we have that man with national appeal .
President Buhari for all I care has exceeded my very worst expectation of him as a leader , as such is beatable in a free and fair election . Do we have such an Igbo man with courage , charisma , national and international appeal to beat him if he dares run again ?
There are some Igbo who believe and reasonably too in restructuring or renegotiated Nigeria . They are not particularly against the idea of Igbo president and are ready to give Nigeria another chance . To them , Nigeria is not working because it requires both economic and political restructuring . Whereby the country fails to make progress after restructuring then exit will be an option . The restructuring group believes that an Igbo president without a restructured Nigeria and without a new constitution will end up a ruse . These are some of the raging issues among the Igbo which many see as the Igbo dilema .
While , I understand the Igbo populism for Biafra and the cause has my sympathy , my rational thinking will be to allow all the flowers to blossom . At heart , I still doubt if Biafra will solve all our problems just as I see something fundamentally wrong with the thinking that an Igbo becoming president would end the yearning of our people for freedom or resolve all of our problems . People who think strictly Biafra or strictly Igbo President fail to understand that without addressing the fundamental problem of Nigeria that resides in the current constitution and how Nigeria is structured , the agitation for autonomy will not end .
Those toying with the idea of Igbo as president as single panacea fail to understand that self determination is a process fuelled by deep sense of injustice and no people can achieve it , if they can be bribed by a position or fail to see how every opportunity can be exploited to bring them nearer to their goal .
However , with a good President of Igbo extraction a new Nigeria is possible , a Nigeria built or equal opportunity and common policies evolved for the common good all . I strongly believe that our future is in this new Nigeria and our duty is to fight for it . While I do n't think the world is ready to welcome Biafra as an independent state for now , we stand a good chance of getting the support of the world , if we fight for a new Nigeria , where no president can do to us , what Buhari in particular and many before him have done to us . An Igbo president depending on who emerges may be the Nigerian Goberchev , who knows . Let 's therefore keep our eye on all three options without boycotting any .
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GREENSBORO , N.C. — Davaris McGowens scored 21 points , Kameron Langley had 17 with seven assists , and North Carolina A & T beat Hampton 92-84 on Saturday for its seventh win in eight games .
Aaren Edmead scored 14 points and Devonte Boykins and Femi Olujobi added 11 apiece for the Aggies ( 14-9 , 7-1 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference ) , who shot 58.6 per cent from the field and made 16 free throws .
Hampton closed to 56-52 on Kalin Fisher 's 3 , but the Aggies pulled ahead on an 11-6 run and led 80-69 on Edmead 's jumper with 6:19 left .
Boykins 's 3 tied it at 23 , he hit a go-ahead layup and the Aggies led 49-40 at halftime after making seven 3-pointers and shooting 52.9 per cent from the field .
Jermaine Marrow scored 24 points with nine assists , Akim Mitchell added 21 points , and Lysander Bracey 20 for the Pirates ( 9-14 , 4-4 ) .
Rivers APC denies allegation of defection
By Jimitota Onoyume
PORT HARCOURT— ALL Progressives Congress , APC , in Rivers State , yesterday , dismissed as cheap lies , allegations that its members elected as councillors and Chairmen before former Governor Chibuike Amaechi left office have all dumped the party for the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP .
Speaking yesterday in Port Harcourt at a gathering of most of the party 's councillors and chairmen , the state Chairman of the party , Dr Davies Ikanya , said only one of the councillors had decamped to the PDP , adding that the councillor had since been replaced .
He assured the councillors and Chairmen-elect that they would win the case at the Appeal Court challenging nullification of their election by a Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt two years ago .
“ I decided to invite you Chairmen , Deputy Chairmen and councillors in our party . You know we won the election . They are saying you have all dumped the party but today with all of you here , it is clear they lied . Only one Leader of the House left in Asari Toru left and he has since been replaced , ” he said .
The post Rivers APC denies allegation of defection appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sagay condemns Saraki 's acquittal , says Buhari must review anti-corruption war
“ It is a thing that will be under a very serious review to assess the whole anti-corruption fight ; to see who is for it ; who is subverting it . ”
The post Sagay condemns Saraki 's acquittal , says Buhari must review anti-corruption war appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Close Get email notifications on James LaCombe daily !
Your notification has been saved .
There was a problem saving your notification .
Whenever James LaCombe posts new content , you 'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link .
Email notifications are only sent once a day , and only if there are new matching items .
`` I DID it . I 'm done it , not stopped , ” jailed offender , custard and biscuit thief Brooke Reid told a Bundaberg court about again fleeing from police in a car .
Admitted ice user , Reid , 25 , a disqualified driver , had already been fined more than $ 6000 ( sent to her SPER debt ) for failing to stop for police in an earlier offence , and had again charged for driving off from police .
The court heard that the Gympie born , mother of two , is pregnant and was charged with unauthorised dealing with shop goods after she took packets of Tim Tams and Oreo biscuits from a Bundaberg store and put them down her pants front .
Appearing from jail before magistrate Belinda Merrin via video-link , Brooke Hayley Reid pleaded guilty to driving when disqualified by a court order ; failing to stop for police ; obstruct police ; unauthorised dealing with shop goods ; and contravening a police direction .
Police prosecutor , Senior Constable Andrew Blunt said Reid on Friday , June 30 removed a large Pauls brand vanilla custard , Oreo biscuits , and two packets of Tim Tams which she put down the front of her pants .
Reid did pay for some items at the checkout , telling an employee that items seen in a bag she got from another store .
Already serving a term of probation , the court heard that Reid 's use of amphetamines made her a high risk to the community ( of reoffending ) , and that her attitude toward supervised rehabilitation has been hostile .
Defence lawyer , Mat Maloy , said Reid instructs she is 3 1/2 months pregnant and at the time of driving disqualified she had no reason to .
`` When police tried to intercept her she panicked and drove off . She knows the repercussion of failing to stop , ” he said .
Mr Maloy said Reid began using cannabis at an early age then some three years ago she began using ice .
`` She wants to stay off ice . Primarily for her unborn child and it leads to her offending , ” Mr Maloy said .
He sought a fine for her failing to stop offence but Ms Merrin said no as she had imposed a fine in May - and then one month later Reid had done the same thing while driving in defiance of a court disqualification order .
The court heard Reid swore , calling police some unsavoury names .
Ms Merrin said that while only 25 she was accruing a significant criminal history despite being given opportunities .
Ms Merrin said evading police carries a fine of over $ 6000 and after previously being fined , and her parole now suspended , a more deterrent sentence was required .
Reid , who had already spent two months in jail , was sentenced to differing penalties , including 50 days jail for evading police ; one month jail -suspended for nine months for obstructing a police officer , and one month jail -suspended for nine months for driving when disqualified .
She was not fined because of her existing 'significant ' SPER debt . Reid was disqualified from driving for two offences - each two years .
GRAND MANAN , N.B . — At least 10 Canadian fishing boats from New Brunswick have been intercepted by U.S. Border Patrol agents since last week while fishing in the disputed waters around Machias Seal Island , a spokesman for the fishermen says .
Laurence Cook , chairman of the advisory board for Lobster Fishing Area 38 , said Wednesday that some Canadian vessels were boarded by American agents who asked about possible illegal immigrants .
“ There 's been a bit of a misunderstanding there somewhere , ” Cook said in an interview . “ They 're in international waters , so border patrol should n't be boarding Canadian vessels . ”
Machias Seal Island , which is about 19 kilometres southwest of Grand Manan Island and east of Maine , is in a disputed area known as the Grey Zone , where lobster fishermen from both Canada and the United States have long fished side by side .
However , both Canada and the United States claim sovereign jurisdiction over the island and the surrounding waters at the mouth of the Bay of Fundy .
It 's a cross-border dispute that dates back to the American Revolution in the late 1700s .
As lucrative lobster catches have increased in the zone , competition between fishermen has intensified .
“ Neither country accepts that there is a Grey Zone , ” said Stephen Kelly , a research scholar at Duke University in Durham , N.C. , and a former American diplomat who served in Canada . “ That 's created more tension in the area over the last decade . ”
Kelly said both countries have done very little to assert their claims .
“ Sometimes doing nothing is better , ” he said . “ But in this case , just because it looks like it 's not broken can be very deceiving — especially with our new president in the United States . The last thing Canada wants is for Donald Trump to seize on this as an example of U.S. sovereignty being challenged . ”
On Grand Manan , local residents are speaking out about the U.S. intervention , said Cook .
“ I guess the comment on the street would be : ‘ Typical American bullies , ” ‘ he said . “ They 're not happy about it , and they do n't think ( the Americans ) have any business doing this . ”
Cook said he 's never before seen border patrol agents in the area , where the U.S. Coast Guard typically patrols .
Global Affairs Canada distributed a brief statement saying it is investigating “ these incidents that occurred in Canadian waters . ”
Spokesman John Babcock said the Canadian government is also talking with U.S. agencies , though he did not provide details about the fishermen 's allegations or Ottawa 's response .
“ Canada 's sovereignty over the Machias Seal Island and the surrounding waters is long standing and has a strong foundation in international law , ” Babcock said .
“ Until the matter of the boundary is resolved , we will continue to take practical steps with the U.S. to ensure that the area is well managed . Canada and the U.S. have a long history of co-operation which ensures that fishing in this area is well-managed and safe for both countries . ”
The Grand Manan Fishermen 's Association issued a statement late Wednesday that used much the same language . As well , the group suggested the actions of the U.S. agents may have been routine .
“ We understand that a few Grand Manan fishermen were approached by the United State Border Services during the month of June . Our understanding is that this was a part of a regular exercise being conducted along the U.S. marine border . ”
The association said it has enjoyed a respectful and cordial relationship with its U.S. counterparts .
“ We look forward to continuing with that relationship , ” the group 's statement said .
— By Michael MacDonald in Halifax
Moore Township police warn resident of a phone scam where a caller is soliciting donations for the local fire department .
Two residents told police that a male called them and said the fire department does n't have the money to operate and needs donations .
An officer spoke with the Klecknersville Rangers Volunteer Fire Company chief and assistant chief and they said the department is n't making phone solicitations , according to a news release .
`` Once again , do not share any personal information to individuals who are soliciting money over the phone , '' police said .
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow him on Twitter @ TonyRhodin . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
Fed Govt : no need to panic over quit notice
For the umpteenth time , the government yesterday implored Nigerians not to panic over the quit notice issued to easterners in the North .
Briefing State House correspondents after the Federal Executive Council meeting chaired by Acting President Yemi Osinbajo , Minister of Information Lai Mohammed , said Nigerians were free to live anywhere in the country .
According to him , the government is on top of the situation .
He said the series of consultation meetings the Acting President is holding is to calm down the situation and reassure Nigerians of their safety anywhere in the country .
He said : “ We want to make comments on what is agitating the minds of Nigerians , that is the call for people from certain parts of the country to relocate to their region , generally very disquieting voices . We just want to assure Nigerians that the government is on top of the matter .
“ The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control .
“ To assure Nigerians that any Nigerian anywhere is save , the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct is believed is going to create instability in the country .
“ So there is no need for anybody to panic , there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country . The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic . ”
On why the two newly confirmed Ministerial nominees by the Senate are yet to be sworn-in , he said : “ I 'm not sure whether we 've had the communication from National Assembly . But what I will do is that I will probably ask from the Acting President or the liaison officer then I will come and give you feedback . ”
The post Fed Govt : no need to panic over quit notice appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
22:55 Reported News Briefs Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 1 dead , 8 wounded in French ramming attack A car intentionally dashed into a restaurant Monday night in Sept-Sorts , Seine-et-Marne , east of Paris , killing at least a girl , and wounding eight others , several in serious condition . The perpetrator was immediately arrested . Full Story ► ◄ Last Briefs
Whether Sheriff or Makarfi , Supreme Court wo n't change anything in PDP , says Emmanuel
Akwa Ibom State governor , Udom Gabriel Emmanuel , was the chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) committee that zoned its chairmanship to the Northeast geo-political zone , a decision that led to the emergence of Senator Ali Modu Sheriff in controversial circumstances . Both Sheriff and Senator Ahmed Makarfi have been locked in a protracted litigation which is now before the apex court with threats to the continued existence of the party . But Emmanuel , who justified his committee 's decision , said the final verdict would further strengthen the party . NIYI BELLO ( Head , Politics Desk )
The zoning that brought Sheriff
I was the chairman of the zoning committee and I did not , personally on my own , zone it to Borno . Mind you , in the zoning committee , we were over one hundred and working under a democracy . If you look at how we arrived at that zoning formula , it was based on the strength of the party in each of the geo-political zones of Nigeria . At the time I served as the zoning committee chairman , PDP was strongest in the South-South and we were trying to avoid a situation where we will leave it open . We were so strong in the South-South that we could easily bring somebody and even cause more disruption in the party . In that , because of the membership strength , there were a lot of people in the party that could support ten candidates . We did n't want that . So we wanted to bring back everybody and we therefore had to do a zoning that would balance the party . That was what we did .
We actually did it based on the six geo-political zones and not to a particular state . It is when it gets to your own zone , that you people will now sit down and decide which state gets what . On the zoning committee , I carried only one vote . I was just the first among equals and I did n't lord it over everybody . I am not that kind of person . The committee was a democratic committee , so I carried only one vote .
Could the zoning decision have been a mistake ?
People in PDP are mere mortals . Even William Shakespeare wrote that nobody can , by mere looking into the face , tell the construction of a heart , how much more a zoning committee of hundred people . PDP had never claimed to be above mistake and we never claimed that we could tell what a person has in mind based on outward appearance . But I do n't regret whatever decision we have made as a party on that issue . I am one person that once I take a decision , I action . I took that person at that point in time , based on what was happening at the period . So it was the best of judgment at that minute . Things and situations change but it is only God that does not change . The question now is what can we do to resolve the problem ? And that is where our ingenuity in crisis management comes in . I mean the ability of our leadership to manage the party out of that situation and at the same time , obey the rule of law . The situation does not also call for castigating anybody 's character . At the point we took that decision , we stood by it . Be rest assured that we are going to resolve the matter amicably . Before Sherriff was appointed or was nominated to be the chairman , the forum talked to so many other people . There was actually an interview process and everybody at that committee accepted that it was the best decision . Can that decision change the next minute ? The answer is yes . We are mere mortals , not God .
On which side of the divide do you belong ?
I belong to the PDP , not any side . But at the same time , I belong to everybody . Once you are a PDP member , with all sincerity of purpose , you are my party member . After the Supreme Court judgment , name of individuals would disappear and the party will still remain . People go to the polls to vote the party and not the individual . So anywhere the judgment goes to , I remain PDP . I will not leave PDP . I believe the judgment is not going to change the colour of our party and it wo n't change the umbrella . It wo n't change anything about our party . The party would remain PDP and we will wax stronger .
Why do states find it difficult to conduct council poll ?
Here I will only speak for myself and I would n't say it is difficult . When probably people refer to the interview I gave a fortnight ago on why I did n't do local government elections , I was quite clear . I said in the hierarchy of needs , some are fundamental and urgent and important ; some are important but not so urgent and may not be so fundamental . I consider meeting other basic needs of people more fundamental and urgent . In our politics of inclusiveness , I do n't sit in my office and write names of those who are in the local government transition committees . That is what makes it different . Those I put under local government transitional committee , even if I do election , are the same people that will go 100 percent because I throw this thing back to the people to decide on how we should do it . We called stakeholders meetings to decide these things .
Again , we did n't have money to do it and no matter how you do the exercise , you must run the election in almost 3000 units . Look at the personnel I will employ alone to cut across that . Look at the material I would need and here , when you are doing anything , you are bringing your own infrastructure . Look at the power I need to provide for it to run . Look at the security Look at resources , mobility and vehicles because they must convey materials . When you put these things together , you wonder , what am I set to achieve ? What is the purpose because you see , at times , we do n't bother to ask ourselves , what am I set out to achieve ? Just for me to have someone to govern a local government ? When in the same way too I can assemble stakeholders to get the posts filled and then use that money to pay the local government employees who have not been paid for sometimes and pay the pensioners who could die while standing to vote in that election . Who would go to vote if everybody is hungry ? Some of these things are not cast in stones . You can actually look at what the law allows you to do and do that in the context of available resources and what you want to achieve for your people . I think my people are very happy . If you hear anybody going to court , know that it is an exception . In every situation , there are people who act as disruptors . The question is , are we going to do local government election ? The answer is yes . I am meeting with the State Independent Electoral Commissioner so that we chart how we are going to run the election . We are certainly going to do it .
Experience in the last two years as Akwa Ibom governor
There are two types of politicians , professionals in politics and professional politicians . That we are professionals in politics means that we have been prepared for leadership over time . You know your vision is limited by your exposure . I believe my experience so far , with the exposure we had over time , our training both in and out of classroom , our hands-on experience , our interaction with the outside world , across the globe and even among the masses at the grassroots , by the time you combine all of them together , they contribute to different areas . Take for example the heart you have towards a common man , what can trigger that off is actually your experience relating to that common man . For instance , despite huge investments in education at all levels , you still see hundreds of children on the streets at school hours . And even if you say lets go and arrest the parent for not sending them to school , a child walks up to you and you ask , ‘ why did n't you go to school ? ' And he replies , ‘ sorry sir , I could n't go because I did n't eat . ' At that point in time , goose pimples will be all over you . How can you spend so much providing free and compulsory education and even when the child goes to school he can not still do well because basic things have not been tackled ? It is all these things put together that actually makes you prepared for the job . You are going to make sacrifices , you are willing to push , in fact , you are afraid to celebrate , you ca n't even celebrate what you do because you believe you have a lot of miles to cover because of what you see . You turn around in terms of medical services and you see somebody who has a disease that can easily be treated but because the person would need to travel miles in order to get either secondary healthcare or tertiary healthcare , and in the course of doing that , the situation gets terribly worse . So you ca n't rest , you ca n't celebrate anything until you make sure you have actually allowed people to have access to these and also an affordable term . So I think those are the things that prepared people like me for this job .
Are you fulfilled yet about plans for the state ?
I just gave you an example of what will make me not to be fulfilled . That is why I said a job well done , means much more job to be done . I can only be fulfilled , any day I look and see that our per-capital income is comparable to what others are able to achieve outside this country . Nobody has a monopoly of God . Those whose per capital are in tens and hundreds of thousands of US dollars do n't have the monopoly of God . Those who have some of these things in excess and who have totally overcome the problems against living good life do n't have monopoly of God . I can only be fulfilled when I see Nigerians at that level . I can never feel fulfilled no matter what I do from both inside and outside . I can only be fulfilled if I provide free and compulsory education and every time , in the morning , a child is jumping to go to school because he must have had a balanced diet , must have eaten well , must have had enough protein that can actually enable that child to develop , so that when the child is in the class and the child is being taught , he would be able to assimilate , will be able to feel happy going to school , not when a child is afraid that as I am coming back from school , wo n't they even first send me to farm before I even come back to have my lunch ? Even when we are moving towards providing school feeding system , it is still not enough .
When the school is not in session , wo n't the child still eat , when they are on long vacation , what happened ? What happened at weekends when the child does not go to school ? So it is a whole lot to be done . It 's too early to start drumming up and say whether one is fulfilled . And that fulfillment would not be limited to the state that you come from but cut across the whole country . It would n't just be enough for us to overcome it in my own state without the neighbouring states . It is simple . If you train your state indigenes and you do n't train your neighbours , know that even your children too would n't be at peace . It must cut across . Do n't just train your child and leave your neighbours child and think your child would be at peace . It does n't still work that way .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TOPEKA , Kan. — An $ 18,000 grant from the National Park Service has moved a non-profit closer to refurbishing the facade of a building where slavery opponents met during the Bleeding Kansas era .
Grant Glenn , president of the non-profit Friends of the Free state capitol Inc. , said the group will have sufficient funds to begin the work on Topeka 's Constitution Hall if it receives a $ 90,000 grant from the Kansas Heritage Trust . An announcement is expected early next year , The Topeka Capital-Journal reports .
Topeka 's governing body previously awarded Friends of the Free state capitol $ 355,000 — including $ 175,000 for facade restoration — over 10 years . The money from the National Park Service is earmarked for the restoration of the front doors and windows .
Constitution Hall , which is on the National Register of Historic Places , played an important role during the fight over whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free or slave state . Tensions mounted after Missourians crossed the border in large numbers during the Kansas Territory 's first election in March 1855 to vote illegally and elect a territorial Legislature that was pro-slavery .
The federal government recognized the election of that Legislature , which in July and August 1855 passed laws that provided severe penalties for those who freed slaves or spoke out against slave holding .
Kansans opposed to slavery responded that year by holding a convention in Topeka and adopting their own constitution , which was approved by the public in an election that pro-slavery advocates did n't recognize . A free-state Legislature was elected and began meeting in March 1856 at Constitution Hall .
A Congressional investigating committee visited Kansas that spring and issued a report saying the free-state government reflected the wishes of most Kansans . Still , federal officials rejected that government , and President Franklin Pierce ordered the Army to disperse its Legislature . Troops did that at Constitution Hall on July 4 , 1856 .
“ For this , the first Topeka streets — named for the presidents — exclude Pierce , ” Glenn said .
After Kansas became a state in 1861 , legislators met in Constitution Hall until the current Statehouse was occupied in 1869 , Glenn said . But by 2001 , the building was near collapse after decades of abandonment . Glenn said recent years have brought major projects to repair the west and south stone walls , structurally stabilize the second floor and replace the roof .
——
Information from : The Topeka ( Kan. ) Capital-Journal , http : //www.cjonline.com
It 's about time Leeds councillors stopped faffing about with silly transport “ solutions ” ( like cycle lanes costing untold tens of thousands of pounds ) and actually did something meaningful . In my eyes , the ONLY solution worth pursuing for Leeds is ... wait for it ... ( although you will have guessed it already from the picture ) ... an underground .
Other cities have them . Other cities are building them right now . Why ? Because they work . Additionally , because they 're under the ground ( hence the name ) , they immediately remove most of the traffic from the roads .
Leeds flirted with this idea in the 1930s but because of the Second World War the plans were shelved . Then , after the war , because politicians did n't have the bottle for it , the plans were put on an even more distant shelf .
Every time I drive down Stanningley Road , queueing for what seems like 30 minutes ( it is actually 30 minutes to drive about a quarter of a mile ) , I stare in wonder at the empty cycle lane . Occasionally , a cyclist even decides to use the road , which seems bizarre and makes me want to get out of my car and shout at them .
So , while motorists are squeezed into ever narrower lanes , councillors are sitting in Civic Hall scratching their heads wondering what we can do about it all . We 've already had the stories in the press softening us up for congestion charges , particularly for diesels . And yet , there is no real alternative , unless of course you want to stand in the cold and rain waiting for a bus .
Personally , I 'd rather sit in my car on clutch control , occasionally eating the sandwich I brought with me as I creep along and also listening to the frequently inept John Humphrys ( do a Brucey , will you ? ) on Radio 4 . With the heater on .
I 'm even willing to go out on a limb here and say that if , in the future , Leeds votes for a mayor , I 'll stand on one ticket : Leeds Needs An Underground .
London just spent about £15bn on Crossrail , for goodness sake . Has anyone even looked into how much an underground would cost here ? No . Well , it 's about time they did .
I 'm sure our local politicians will come up with all manner of excuses , like Leeds has the wrong kind of soil but we need to ignore these people . Soil is soil .
I am sure the funding could be raised . Just think of the advertising revenue it would generate . Or , we could just queue , cycle , or get wet and bored waiting for a bus .
LAKE PLACID , N.Y. ( AP ) — With the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics slated to start next week , Lake Placid in upstate New York is rolling out the welcome mat for travelers who wo n't make that trip but might want to celebrate in a village that embraces the Olympic spirit like nowhere else .
The Empire State Winter Games kick off the monthlong celebration Thursday . Another highlight will be Winterfest , Feb. 24 , which will include meet-and-greets with former Olympians .
Whiteface-Lake Placid has been ranked No . 1 for much of the last three decades for off-hill activities by Ski Magazine . Its readers selected it the No . 2 resort overall in the eastern United States .
That 's partly because of great lodging and restaurant options in addition to the variety of winter recreation .
Justice Minister Shaked says Israel wo n't release recaptured 'Shalit deal ' terrorists as precondition to return of IDF soldiers , civilians .
Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked ( Jewish Home ) on Wednesday morning participated in a conference held by the Lobby to Bring the Soldiers Home .
IDF soldiers Hadar Goldin and Oron Shaul were killed during a UN-initiated `` ceasefire '' during 2014 's Operation Protective Edge . Hamas has held their bodies since then , in hopes of exchanging them for terrorists .
Two Israeli civilians who went missing in Gaza - Avera Mengistu and Hisham al-Sayed - and are believed to be held by Hamas as well .
`` I agree that due to the situation in Gaza , we have an opportunity now to bring our soldiers and citizens home , '' Shaked said . `` The Diplomatic-Security Cabinet is discussing the issue . ''
However , Shaked also said Israel will not agree to Hamas ' precondition of releasing convicted terrorists .
`` We need to say that we do not agree to Hamas ' offer requiring that we release recaptured 'Shalit deal ' terrorists as a precondition to negotiations . ''
IDF soldier Gilad Shalit was captured in 2006 in a Hamas attack . He was released in 2011 , in exchange for over 1,000 convicted terrorists . Since then , Hamas has promised and carried out additional kidnappings , in efforts to replicate a similar deal .
Whitney Prieto was diagnosed last September with stage 2B triple negative breast cancer . She was 35 , early in her pregnancy with twins and said she had no family history or genetic mutations that could make her especially susceptible to the serious disease .
Prieto said that she knew of six or seven classmates from Satellite High School in Satellite Beach , Florida , who were also diagnosed with uncommon cancers when she was diagnosed but that she now knows of about 20 -- all at about the same time .
She said the types of cancer being diagnosed in her classmates , now in their 20s and 30s , raised a red flag , but particularly concerning was what she read in an article in the Military Times in April .
AP
The article reported that wells used to monitor groundwater contaminants at nearby Patrick Air Force Base showed levels of chemicals from military firefighting foam higher than what the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) considered safe .
Prieto is demanding the state find out if the test results and cancer rates among her and her former classmates are connected .
“ We could all be linked because of this common source and from there it 's just , it 's amazing how many stories we have now , ” she said , adding , “ It 's alarming , it 's very alarming , and the information that 's come out in these citizen meetings , it 's eye-opening . ”
The chemicals found in the groundwater wells at Patrick Air Force Base go by the acronyms PFOS and PFOA . Both are suspected of harming development in children , interfering with hormones or cholesterol levels , affecting the immune system or increasing the risk of cancer , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
But the situation in Satellite Beach is not clear-cut . The EPA 's recommended limit for PFOS and PFOA is specific to drinking water , but the tests at Patrick Air Force Base involved groundwater at the base .
A spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Environmental Protection told ABC News that drinking water systems in Brevard County , which includes Satellite Beach , tested negative for PFOS and PFOA .
When potentially dangerous levels of PFOS and PFOA were discovered in drinking water supplies at 19 military installations the Air Force moved to clean them up . But it has n't yet done the same for groundwater unless nearby residents were also using it as drinking water .
The Air Force has been investigating PFOS and PFOA at all its facilities since about 2010 and began to replace firefighting foam that includes the chemicals .
The Air Force did not comment for this story but Maureen Sullivan , deputy assistant secretary of defense for environment , safety and occupational health , told Military Times the Defense Department has made changes at bases where drinking water was affected by contamination `` to cut off human exposure as soon as possible , '' but it could be years to address cleanup of the groundwater around the bases .
Whitney Saller Prieto/Facebook
The science on connections between PFOS and PFOA exposure and cancer and other health problems is also not definitive .
Some research has linked the chemicals to cancer in animals , including a recent government study that found they caused health problems in animals at exposure levels much lower than the EPA 's recommended limit .
But the same study said researchers ca n't conclude that what happened with animals would be the same for humans .
One of Prieto 's classmates , Julie Greenwalt , was diagnosed with cancer of the appendix two years ago . A radiation oncologist , she is now recovered .
“ I definitely think it 's just so suspicious that all of us got diagnosed within a couple of years of each other , which means we were all exposed around the same time , ” she told ABC News .
Greenwalt said she 's become the face of residents ' concerns that there is a connection between PFAS and cancer , and that since the Military Times article , people have called her at her clinic saying they want to get their own water or blood tested . She said one resident was going door-to-door with the article to share it with neighbors who do n't use social media .
“ I feel like Erin Brockovich , ” Greenwalt told ABC News , referring to the environmental activist whose fight with a utility company over contaminated water was the subject of a movie starring Julia Roberts .
Greenwalt has been talking to the city of Satellite Beach and the state health and environmental departments -- all looking into citizens ' concerns .
And while the Environmental Protection Agency is still working on regulations to address emerging concerns about PFOS and PFOA , around the country communities like Satellite Beach are dealing with fear .
Almost all Americans are exposed to some amount of these chemicals , according to a 2007 study , but recent testing by local governments and the Department of Defense has found hot spots where the levels are much higher .
Dangerous PFAS levels have been identified in at least 190 communities around the country and in tests at 126 military facilities , according to information compiled by researchers at Northeastern University and the Environmental Working Group , leading to calls for the government to regulate and clean up the chemicals .
For example , all 28 groundwater wells tested at Patrick Air Force Base , near where Prieto lives , showed potentially harmful levels of PFOS and PFOA , ranging from 71 parts per trillion -- just slightly over the EPA 's acceptable limit –- to as high as 4.3 million parts per trillion .
And even though PFOS and PFOA chemicals have n't been used in manufacturing in years , they have been found in groundwater and drinking water systems around the country .
PFOS and PFOA chemicals got into the environment through firefighting foam the Air Force used starting in the 1970s . The chemicals , also used in hundreds of waterproofing products like nonstick pans , Teflon and Scotchguard , also have seeped into the water , soil or air from manufacturing facilities or spills .
When the EPA calculated its recommendation of how much PFOS or PFOA it was safe for humans to consume through drinking water it actually had to factor in that the majority of people 's exposure to the chemicals is through sources other than water , such as their diet , dust or even products used on carpets and furniture .
In Satellite Beach , Prieto and Greenwalt are speaking to more than 1,400 residents and past residents about their concerns that groundwater contamination is somehow related to their cancers or cancer in their family . The state environmental department and health agency are collecting information from residents to determine the next steps and the city has agreed to test more groundwater wells for PFOS and PFOA .
Prieto said she is pushing to get their story out and make sure any connection between water contamination and cancer in the community is n't pushed under the rug .
`` It 's time to try to be heard , and bring awareness to this issue . I have a younger sister that went to that high school , the problem we have now is we 're all being diagnosed at these young ages and there 's no screening , '' she said .
`` Unfortunately we 're losing people and that should n't be happening . ''
Rock Springs , WY – The Broadway Theater is accepting applications for their fall 2018 internship/scholarship program for students interested in the performing arts , theater operations , marketing and similar programs . The scholarship is open to upcoming high school seniors or students enrolled at Western Wyoming Community College with a September 1 , 2018 start date for the fall semester .
Advertisement
The successful candidate will work at the Broadway Theater in all aspects of operations – marketing , maintenance , schedule coordination , event planning & set-up , lighting and sound , grant research & writing , and performer contracts . The successful candidate will also meet specific goals as outlined in the application process ; he/she will be evaluated and coached extensively throughout the term .
The program is being funded by the Sweetwater Board of Cooperative Education ( SBOCES ) . According to Dr. Bernadine Craft , SBOCES Executive Director , they are excited about funding this upcoming program for students in Sweetwater County , as opposed to merely providing performance support .
“ This enhanced program will give students hands-on experience with all aspects of the theater and performing arts , as well as grant writing and business management skills , reinforcing their classroom studies , ” Dr . Craft added . It is hoped that the program will prove to be of greater practical benefit to students than sporadic master class opportunities .
Advertisement
One of the goals of SBOCES is to support cooperative efforts to improve career/technical education in Sweetwater County . The successful candidate will apply classroom experience and interest to a real world setting , acting as a theater coordinator to assist with all areas of theater operations . Ultimately the successful candidate will leave the program with enhanced career and technical skills and a better understanding of potential jobs in the field .
Students interested in applying for the scholarship/internship can download an application from the Broadway Theater 's website at BroadwayRS.com or by calling 307-352-1434 .
264 Win Mag build ) to rebuild my first semi-custom rifle I ever built . It is a Win M70 post 64 , with a manners stock and lilja # 6 barrel . I have had this rifle for over 10 years and used it on everything . My fondest hunting memories and successes have been experienced with this rifle so it is a little bitter sweet , but feels so right .
The lilja barrel was exceptional , but I have decided to change it up a little . My gunsmith ordered a fluted benchmark # 4 1 in 8 twist on monday . The 264 win mag has been so good to me and has killed everything I pointed it at that I decided to do the same caliber . The guys at benchmark were awesome , and thoroughly impressed my smith . Now the waiting game begins . My wife is tired of hearing about it , but I am not done talking about it . I finally got approval ( wife ) to rebuild my first semi-custom rifle I ever built . It is a Win M70 post 64 , with a manners stock and lilja # 6 barrel . I have had this rifle for over 10 years and used it on everything . My fondest hunting memories and successes have been experienced with this rifle so it is a little bitter sweet , but feels so right.The lilja barrel was exceptional , but I have decided to change it up a little . My gunsmith ordered a fluted benchmark # 4 1 in 8 twist on monday . The 264 win mag has been so good to me and has killed everything I pointed it at that I decided to do the same caliber . The guys at benchmark were awesome , and thoroughly impressed my smith . Now the waiting game begins . My wife is tired of hearing about it , but I am not done talking about it .
At least 188 civilians have been killed in U.S.-led strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria since the operation began in 2014 , the U.S. military said in a statement on Monday .
The Combined Joint Task Force , in its monthly assessment of civilian casualties from the U.S. coalition 's operations against the militant group , said it was still assessing five reports of unintentional deaths from four strikes in 2016 and one from 2015 .
The military 's overall estimate was far below those of other outside groups , such as Air Wars , which monitors civilian deaths from international air strikes in the region . The group has estimated about 2,100 civilians have been killed in Iraq and Syria since the coalition 's campaign started .
U.S. military officials expressed regret for the deaths .
`` Although the Coalition takes extraordinary efforts to strike military targets in a manner that minimizes the risk of civilian casualties , in some incidents casualties are unavoidable , '' the task force said in a statement .
The coalition said it had received 16 new reports of possible civilian deaths in November 2016 . Among those , five reports were deemed credible and had led to 15 unintended civilian deaths , it said .
In addition to the five reports still being assessed , officials said they are investigating a December 29 strike on a van of ISIS fighters that was hit in what officials later determined to be a hospital parking lot .
The United States and its coalition partners had conducted 17,005 strikes against ISIS as of December 30 , with 10,738 in Iraq and 6,267 in Syria , according to U.S. military data .
The operation against ISIS in Iraq and Syria has cost $ 10 billion since 2014 , the data showed .
CBN alerts financial institutions on 5 special global terrorists
By Babajide Komolafe
The Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) Wednesday alerted financial institutions about five persons that the United States of America has labelled as Specially Designated Global terrorists
They are Mark John Taylor , El Shafee Elsheik , Anjem Choudary , Sami Bouras and Shane Crawford . Terrorists ( SDGT ) .
Director , Other Financial Institutions , CBN , Mrs. Tokunbo Martins disclosed this in a letter posted on apex bank 's website yesterday .
She said : “ The CBN is in receipt of a letter dated May 11 , 2017 , from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in reference to a Note Verbale from the Embassy of the United States of America in Abuja informing the Government of Nigeria of the designation of Mark John Taylor , El Shafee Elsheik , Anjem Choudary , Sami Bouras and Shane Crawford as Specially Designated Global Terrorists .
“ This is for your information and necessary action . Please be guided accordingly . ”
SDGT is a designation authorised under US Executive Order 13224 , among other executive orders , and Title 31 , Parts 595 , 596 , and 597 of the US Code of
Federal Regulations , among other US laws and regulations . People or entities are designated as SDGT under Executive Order 13224 by the United States Department of State or the US Department of the Treasury .
The post CBN alerts financial institutions on 5 special global terrorists appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
U.S. in Rare Bull's-Eye for Total Solar Eclipse on Aug. 21
It will be tough eclipsing this eclipse . The sun , moon and Earth will line up perfectly in the cosmos on Aug. 21 , turning day into night for a few wondrous minutes , its path crossing the U.S. from sea to shining sea for the first time in nearly a century .
Never will a total solar eclipse be so heavily viewed and studied -- or celebrated .
`` We 're going to be looking at this event with unprecedented eyes , '' promises Alex Young , a solar physicist who is coordinating NASA 's education and public outreach .
And the party planning is at full tilt from Oregon to South Carolina .
Eclipse Fests , StarFests , SolarFests , SolFests , Darkening of the SunFests , MoonshadowFests , EclipseCons , Eclipse Encounters and Star Parties are planned along the long but narrow path of totality , where the moon completely blots out the sun .
Vineyards , breweries , museums , parks , universities , stadiums -- just about everybody is getting into the act .
The Astronomical League for amateur astronomers is holing up at Casper , Wyoming . Minor league baseball teams will halt play for `` eclipse delays '' in Salem , Oregon , and elsewhere . By a cosmic quirk of the calendar , the Little Green Men Days Festival will be in full swing in Kelly , Kentucky , as will the American Atheists ' annual convention in North Charleston , South Carolina .
And where better to fill up on eclipse T-shirts and safety glasses -- and eclipse burgers -- than the Eclipse Kitchen in Makanda , Illinois .
Scientists are also going gaga .
`` This is a really amazing chance to just open the public 's eyes to wonder , '' says Montana State University 's Angela Des Jardins , a physicist in charge of a NASA eclipse ballooning project . The student-launched , high-altitude balloons will beam back live video of the eclipse along the route .
Satellites and ground telescopes will also aim at the sun and at the moon 's shadow cutting a swath some 60 to 70 miles wide ( 97 to 113 kilometers ) across the land . Astronauts will do the same with cameras aboard the International Space Station . Ships and planes will also catch the action .
`` It 's going to be hard to beat , frankly , '' says Thomas Zurbuchen , head of NASA 's science mission office .
At the same time , researchers and the just plain curious will watch how animals and plants react as darkness falls . It will resemble twilight and the temperature will drop 10 to 15 degrees .
Expect four hours of pageantry , from the time the sun begins to be eclipsed by the moon near Lincoln City , Oregon , until the time the moon 's shadow vanishes near Charleston , South Carolina . NASA will emcee the whole show , via TV and internet from that coastal city .
The total eclipse will last just 1 1/2 hours as the lunar shadow sweeps coast to coast at more than 1,500 mph ( 2,400 kph ) beginning about 1:15 p.m. EDT and ending at 2:49 p.m. EDT . The sun 's crown -- the normally invisible outer atmosphere known as the corona -- will shine forth like a halo .
Sure , full solar eclipses happen every one , two or three years , when the moon positions itself smack dab between the sun and Earth . But these take-your-breath-away eclipses usually occur in the middle of the ocean somewhere , though , or near the sparsely populated top or bottom of the world . In two years , Chile , Argentina and the empty South Pacific will share top billing .
The United States is in the bull's-eye this time .
It will be the first total solar eclipse in 99 years to cross coast-to-coast and the first to pass through any part of the Lower 48 states in 38 years .
NASA 's meteor guru , Bill Cooke , was in Washington state for that one in 1979 . This time , he 's headed to his sister 's farm in eastern Tennessee .
`` It is the weirdest , creepy , awe-inspiring astronomical event you will experience , '' Cooke says .
No other country but the U.S. will be privy to the path of totality . Originating in the wide open North Pacific and ending in the Atlantic well short of Africa , the path of totality will cover 8,600 miles ( 13,800 kilometers ) from end to end .
In all , 14 states ( two of them barely ) and 21 National Park locations and seven national historic trails will be in the path .
Darkness will last just under two minutes in Oregon , gradually expanding to a maximum two minutes and 44 seconds in Shawnee National Forest in southernmost Illinois , almost into Kentucky , then dwindling to 2 1/2 minutes in South Carolina . Staring at the sun with unprotected eyes is always dangerous , except during the few minutes of totality . But eye protection is needed during the partial eclipse before and after .
With an estimated 200 million people living within a day 's drive of the path , huge crowds are expected . Highway officials already are cautioning travelers to be patient and , yes , avoid eclipses in judgment .
The view from the sidelines wo n't be too shabby , either . A partial eclipse will extend up through Canada and down through Central America and the top of South America . Minneapolis will see 86 percent of the sun covered , Miami sees 82 percent , Montreal gets 66 percent , while Mexico City sees 38 percent .
But who wants to settle for not quite when you can experience the whole eclipsed enchilada ?
Not Kevin Van Horn , an astronomy buff from suburban Pittsburgh who will make the 8 1/2-hour drive to Nashville with his wife , Cindy . Nashville is the biggest metropolitan area along the eclipse 's main drag .
`` It would be like going to the Super Bowl and sitting outside the stadium rather than being inside and watching it , '' says Van Horn , a total solar eclipse newbie .
By contrast , it will be the 13th total solar eclipse for Rick Fienberg , spokesman for the American Astronomical Society . He 's headed to Oregon .
`` Going through life without ever experiencing totality , '' Fienberg declares , `` is like going through life without ever falling in love . ''
To give everyone a shot at the cosmic drama , which falls on a Monday , many schools are canceling classes , while offices plan to take a break or close for the day . The true beauty of the experience , according to NASA 's Young , comes from sharing `` arguably the most amazing astronomical event that anyone can see '' with millions of others .
Those multitudes are what terrify Jackie Baker , who owns and runs the Eclipse Kitchen with her father in a village of 600 that 's tucked into a valley in southernmost Illinois . The 18-seat cafe -- which had its grand opening last Aug. 21 -- is named for this eclipse and the one coming up in 2024 .
The Eclipse Kitchen is in the crosshairs of both .
While it wo n't span coast to coast , the April 8 , 2024 eclipse will still be a doozy , coming up from Mexico into Texas , moving through the Midwest and into Maine and New Brunswick , Canada . Darkness will last four minutes . The world record is just over seven minutes .
Baker expects to sell out of food well before showtime on Aug. 21 . Then she 'll just enjoy the eclipse .
That 's Cooke 's plan , too . `` You just need to sit back and take it all in . ''
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : NASA .
Yet Treasury 's analysis does not show the type of revenue-neutral tax cuts Mr. Mnuchin and Republican leaders have suggested . Instead , it looks far beyond the tax legislation and assumes more robust economic growth than many economists consider likely , largely from economic policies that have yet to be proposed or enacted .
“ I do n't believe in magic , ” said David H. Brockway , staff director of the Joint Committee on Taxation during the Reagan administration . “ It 's just a political statement . ”
The Treasury analysis assumes gross domestic product to grow at a rate of 2.9 percent over the next 10 years , rather than the 2.2 percent rate that many other groups have projected . That faster growth would raise $ 1.8 trillion over that period , paying for the $ 1.5 trillion tax cut and raising an additional $ 300 billion , the Treasury report said .
Most economic models have shown the tax bills will reduce government revenues over a 10-year period , even with economic growth . The Joint Committee on Taxation 's analysis of the plan , which does account for a modest increase in economic growth , projected that the tax plan would mean about $ 1 trillion in lost revenues .
On a conference call unveiling the report , a senior Treasury official said that about half of the difference between Treasury 's estimates for higher growth was based on the proposed corporate tax cut , which would reduce the tax rate for corporations to 20 percent from 35 percent . The rest of the difference is attributed to reducing taxes for “ pass-through ” businesses , whose profits flow through to their owners and are taxed at individual rates , and the administration 's plans for infrastructure , deregulation and changes to the welfare system that were outlined in the White House budget proposal this year .
“ It 's not a dynamic score of the bill , because it includes regulatory reform , infrastructure and welfare reform , ” said Douglas Holtz-Eakin , a conservative economist who was chairman of former President George W. Bush 's Council of Economic Advisers . “ It looks to me like it 's a restatement of their budget . ”
The impact of the Republican tax cuts on economic growth the debt has been a subject of fierce debate among economists , with many arguing that the administration is relying on overly rosy assumptions .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ We acknowledge that some economists predict different growth rates , ” the Treasury Department wrote in the report outlining its analysis of the plan .
The Trump administration 's growth estimates have been at odds with those of government scorekeepers for much of this year . Last summer , the Congressional Budget Office analyzed the White House 's 2018 budget and found its estimate for 3 percent growth to be far-fetched . It said that the average gross domestic product growth over 10 years was currently 1.8 percent , and that under Mr. Trump 's plan it would be 1.9 percent — far lower than the rate assumed by the administration .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Several groups that have analyzed the Senate plan using sophisticated economic modeling have found it would not generate anywhere close to the revenues needed to pay for itself .
The Joint Committee on Taxation , the economic scorekeeper of Congress , projected in late November that the Senate bill would increase the size of the economy by 0.8 percent over 10 years , beyond what it would otherwise have achieved — which is well short of the growth path implied by the Treasury one-pager . The committee 's so-called dynamic analysis projected that the Senate plan would add $ 1 trillion to federal deficits over that time , after accounting for increased growth . That analysis was for the Senate Finance Committee 's version of the bill , not the amended version later approved by the chamber .
On Monday , the independent Tax Policy Center and the Penn Wharton Budget Model each released a dynamic analysis of the bill as passed by the Senate . Both found the bill would add slightly to economic growth over a decade , but not by nearly enough to offset lost tax revenues . The Tax Policy Center estimated that the bill would add $ 1.3 trillion to deficits , after accounting for growth . The Penn model pegged that loss at between $ 1.5 trillion and $ 1.8 trillion .
Kent Smetters , a professor at University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , said that Treasury 's view of what the tax cuts would do for economic growth was “ aspirational in nature ” and not driven by analysis of an actual plan .
The Treasury officials pointed to an assessment from the Council of Economic Advisers and a letter written by leading conservative economists that concluded that the tax cut plan would spur greater economic growth than some outside groups have projected .
Republican lawmakers have seized upon those analyses to assert that the tax cuts will not add to the $ 20 trillion national debt , yet some of the economists who signed the letter have said otherwise .
Robert Barro , a Harvard professor who signed the letter to the Treasury , said the corporate tax cuts would lead to less revenue in the short run before faster economic growth made up for some of the losses .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Might be roughly a wash in Year 10 , in which case cumulated fiscal deficit over 10 years would rise , ” Mr. Barro said , nodding to the fact that the debt would increase over that 10-year period .
Mr. Holtz-Eakin said that he was frustrated that lawmakers were characterizing the letter as affirming that the tax cuts would be fully self-financing .
The Treasury analysis comes as Congress is putting the finishing touches on a tax bill that the House and Senate are hoping to vote on next week . The House and Senate are trying to reconcile their two bills , which can add no more than $ 1.5 trillion to the deficit over a decade .
Treasury had promised to release its analysis before Congress voted on earlier versions of the legislation . The delay in producing any analysis prompted calls from Democrats to look into political interference in the department . Mr. Mnuchin is also under fire for shutting out the career tax staff as Republicans march forward with their overhaul . The Treasury inspector general said last week that an inquiry into the matter was a priority .
Democrats doubled-down on their criticism of the Treasury Department on Monday , calling its analysis “ fake math . ”
“ It 's clear the White House and Republicans are grasping at straws to prove the unprovable and garner votes for a bill that nearly every single independent analysis has concluded will blow up the deficit and generate almost no additional economic activity to make up for it , ” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader .
By Jason Keidel
There were ample plots and subplots to the Rams-Eagles game yesterday , and yet they were all buried by the end of a fantastic contest , one that lived up to the billing , the teams , and their resumes .
At the end of the game the expected narratives seemed to be flipped on their heads . Though the Eagles won , they seemed to have lost their leader , the best player , and likely NFL MVP , QB Carson Wentz . ( That impression has since been confirmed . ) Not only did Wentz toss one TD pass after another , he kept slinging even after he dove into the end zone , took a limb-crunching shot , and shredded his left ACL . Limping and wincing throughout , Wentz kept playing until he could n't , and was forced under that makeshift blue medical tent , where his day — and his season — seemed to end .
So a win felt like a loss for Philly . And perhaps the Rams felt a bit like they won . Though the scoreboard said one thing , the Rams now find a gentler playoff path that wo n't include Carson Wentz . And with the Vikings losing to the Panthers yesterday , the Rams still have an outside shot to host some playoff games .
At the end , the wildly entertaining , high-scoring , pyrotechnic 43-35 score in favor of Philadelphia left us with endless scripts , twisting paths to the playoffs and , possibly , the Super Bowl .
> > WATCH : The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
Not that the Eagles are tossing in any towels . Nick Foles finished what Wentz started . And Philadelphians will recall that Foles once started a season for the Eagles , and finished it quite well . It was a season that ended with a playoff birth , with Foles posting PlayStation numbers . Indeed , the year was 2013 , and Foles threw 27 touchdowns and just two interceptions in 10 games , stats that would even make Aaron Rodgers blush . The Eagles went 8-2 in the games Foles started , and he led the NFL in yards per attempt , yards per completion , and passer rating ( 119.2 ) .
With Wentz finished — the somber word just came down from head coach Doug Pederson — Foles is , at least , the best backup in the NFL . Or at least the most accomplished , with a career record of 20-16 . And Foles is familiar with the turbulent , predatory fan base of Philadelphia , perhaps the most ornery in America . If Foles fails , it will be based on his merit , not his makeup .
For the Rams , they at least walk , not limp , away with their QB Jared Goff in good health . Though they lost the game , they still posted 35 points against a top-three defense . Todd Gurley gained 136 total yards and scored two touchdowns . Goff completed 62 percent of his passes , for two touchdowns ( 0 INT ) and a robust 110.9 passer rating .
The Rams ( 9-4 ) are two games behind the Eagles ( 11-2 ) with three games to play , so the No . 1 seed is likely doomed . The Vikings ( 10-3 ) are one game up on the Rams , and beat Los Angeles a few weeks ago . But with some luck and a winning streak , the Rams will at least win the NFC West , and perhaps bag the second or third seed in the NFC , which will get them a playoff game at the Los Angeles Coliseum . If a second-year QB can win Comeback Player of the Year , it would be Goff . And if a rookie coach could win Coach of the Year , then strong consideration should go to Rams head man Sean McVay .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
Perhaps the only better candidate is the man McVay failed to beat yesterday — Mr Pederson — who is leading the Eagles to their best season since their Super Bowl run in 2005 , if not their only other Super Bowl club , in 1980 .
So Philadelphia has a gold-plated path to the top spot in the NFC and a frigid , Philly advantage in the playoffs . The question they did n't want to answer but must , is can they reach the Super Bowl through their home-field edge in Pennsylvania , without the Governor of Wentzylvania under center ?
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . He is a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . He made his bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow him on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
4 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit
Story By Christina Beals , News Reporter
In celebration of Women 's History Month , the Walker College of Business organization , Women of Walker , hosted a “ Women in Business ” panel in Kenneth E. Peacock Hall on March 1 to explore an array of topics relating to women in the business realm , ranging from obtaining valuable skills to the wage gap .
The summit event , hosted by Assistant Director of the Business Career Services Amy Odom , consisted of a panel of four local businesswomen .
The women featured on the discussion panel were Vice President of Sales for EnCompass Rx Rachel Clifton , General Manager for the Courtyard by Marriott Jessica Smith and District Manager for E. & J. Gallo Winery Claire Duval .
The discussion began with an explanation behind the Women of Walker program .
“ For those who may not know who Women of Walker is , we are a professional development program for females in the Walker College of Business , ” Odom said .
Odom said that the program started four years ago by computer information systems and supply chain management professor Dawn Medlin , who saw a need to specifically support women who were seeking a career in business .
The program provides workshops for professional and career skill development , and networking opportunities to connect members with employers .
The recommendation-based organization began with nine members and has grown to 22 active members .
Odom began the summit addressing statistics about women 's involvement across campus .
“ 56.5 percent of our student population are female . When we get into the school of business , it 's a little less . 32.3 percent of females make up the students in the program , ” Odom said .
Odom said 41 percent of women are accounting majors , and an important question to be asked is why women in the school of business are drawn to it specifically .
Computer information systems was the lowest major with 14 percent .
Following the brief statistics presentation , the women 's panel introduced themselves and their respective college educations with each panel member being an Appalachian State alumni .
Posed by Odom , the first summit question pertained to a challenge that members may have had to overcome within their respective careers , how they overcame it and what knowledge they wish they had possessed so as to have avoided said challenge .
The vitality of mentorship in the business world was discussed , giving the opportunity for summit speakers to discuss mentors they have had and were key parts in their individual careers .
Rachel Clifton discussed a situation in her professional life when a co-worker was sabotaging conference calls with negative commentary , and Clifton sought out mentor figures she had formerly worked for .
“ For the mentors that I reached out to , some of them were good and some were bad . I reached out to them to get their advice and opinions , and I would start to understand how it worked for them and what they had done in certain cases , ” Clifton said .
Clifton noted that though mentorship is important , one should detect the good qualities of good and bad mentors and embody said qualities as a professional .
Other topics were discussed , such as potential challenges that summit speakers may have had to overcome within their respective careers , how they overcame it and what skills or knowledge they wish they had possessed so as to have avoided said challenge .
Clifton spoke on the matter of maternity leave and its uniqueness in the sense that it is a factor in the workplace her male counterparts will never have to personally face .
“ I think that having strong female mentors is something that is very important , along with knowing that it 's just a part of life , ” Clifton said .
Odom introduced a set of questions submitted by audience members before the summit .
This discussion was about what Women of Walker can do to effectively recruit students into the business program , with panel replies suggesting exposing potential members to as many facets of business as possible to make it easier to find one 's professional niche .
Clifton said that giving as many opportunities as possible , such as mentors and internships would be helpful to diversity among majors .
Along with summit meetings , according to the Women of Walker website , the organization hosts professional workshops throughout the year and advises on interview preparation and professional attire .
Story by Christina Beals , News Reporter . You can follow her on Twitter at @ Christinalala_
Photo by Christina Beals
The Spice Girls reunited in London on Friday for a photo amid rumors that they 've signed a new deal . The world 's best-selling girl group dissolved in 2000 , but reunited in 2007 for a reunion tour and charity single “ Headlines ( Friendship Never Ends ) , ” and a performance at the 2012 London Olympics . After splinter group Spice Girls GEM was put on the back burner following the announcement of Geri Halliwell Horner 's ( Ginger ) pregnancy in 2016 , it seemed another reunion would take years .
But according to UK tabloid The Sun , all five members recently inked a deal with the help of Simon Fuller , who managed the group back in 1996 and 1997 and managed both Victoria Beckham ( Posh ) and Emma Bunton ( Baby ) post-Spice Girls . The deal will reportedly give each member £10 million ( approximately $ 14 million ) for “ TV projects in China , a new [ televised ] talent show , endorsement deals , and a compilation album celebrating their greatest hits. ” Photos of the group were posted by Beckham herself , who reportedly joined in on reunion activities after she confirmed she would n't need to sing . See the photos of the reunion below .
WASHINGTON D.C. ( WFLA/NBC News ) – The halls of Capitol Hils were buzzing with holiday spirit during one of the nation 's hottest Christmas parties .
The furry friends of house members and staffers were dressed up in the holiday best to attend the bi-pawitsan , “ Howliday Party . ”
The pooches did n't seem to care about party affiliation , they were just happy getting into the spirit of the season .
WASHINGTON — The Senate 's GOP and Democratic leaders ca n't agree on much , but they both say they want to dedicate weeks to passing legislation to fund the government next year — and avoid the annual take-it-or-leave-it vote on a foot-tall , $ 1 trillion-plus catchall spending bill .
For now , Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer are saying all the right things to try to revive the older , more deliberative ways of doing Senate business rather than bundling the 12 annual spending bills together .
Critics say it gives too much power to top leaders while rank and file lawmakers are shut out of secretive negotiations .
President Donald Trump is playing a role as well , promising that he wo n't sign any more such “ omnibus ” appropriations bills .
The Hamilton County , Ohio sheriff has declared a `` state of emergency '' at the jail due to overcrowding .
The Hamilton County Justice Center in Cincinnati is outside acceptable practices and operating `` far below '' state Jail Minimum Standards , Sheriff Jim Neil wrote in a letter to Hamilton County Commissioner Todd Portune Wednesday .
Neil has also been reaching out to neighboring counties to determine their ability to house inmates in an effort to alleviate overcrowding .
`` I 'll remind you this is not an easy decision , but it is the right thing to do and my only option , '' Neil wrote . `` State law does not allow me to alter inmate sentences . ''
Neil has been warning other county agencies about `` the disturbing and upward trend of our inmate population count at the jail , '' he wrote . This past week , the jail `` reached a boiling point '' due to overcrowding .
`` I can not and will not jeopardize the safety of my deputies and subject them to an ongoing , volatile , dangerous environment in our jail , '' Neil wrote . `` Nor will I put the inmates , medical staff and others in harm 's way . ''
MOREHEAD , Ky. — Kevin McClain scored 25 points , Dylan Windler had a double-double and Belmont defeated Morehead State 83-73 on Saturday for its eighth straight victory .
Windler had 13 points and 14 rebounds , which matched his career high , for the Bruins ( 19-6 , 11-1 Ohio Valley Conference ) . Tyler Hadden added 15 points on 6-of-8 shooting , and Mack Mercer and Nick Hopkins added 12 and 10 points , respectively , off the bench .
Hadden had 13 points and McClain 12 as the Bruins steadily built a 43-30 halftime advantage .
Early in the second half the Eagles got within nine points , but Hopkins and McClain had back-to-back 3-pointers in an 8-0 run . Midway through the lead was down to seven but the Bruins scored six straight and made it a 12-2 run to cruise home .
Reserves Londell King , with 16 points , and Djimon Henson , with 14 , led the Eagles ( 6-17 , 2-10 ) . They shot 11 for 16 from the floor — their teammates just 17 of 52 .
The lead character of Sebastian Lelio 's film `` A Fantastic Woman `` is named Marina . She is a nightclub singer and a waitress . She has a boyfriend , Orlando , who is much older than her , but that matters little . They are clearly smitten with one another and in that post-honeymoon phase of the relationship where things are still passionate , but also calm and comforting . They 're planning a trip together . She 's moving in . Life is moving along nicely it seems .
Marina is also a transgender woman , portrayed by a transgender actress , Daniela Vega . If you 've heard of `` A Fantastic Woman , '' which recently picked up the best foreign language film nomination for Chile , you 've likely heard this fact . It might even be the only thing you know about it .
What 's astonishing about the actual experience of watching `` A Fantastic Woman '' is how small of `` a thing '' it really is , and in that way perhaps one of the truest expressions of modern transgender life that we 've ever seen in a fictional film . Marina is just Marina . She has a delicate beauty , and a cool choppy Alexa Chung-like haircut and style . On stage , she 's performs with a sultry confidence . Off stage , she 's quieter and almost reserved , but very present , especially around Orlando ( Francisco Reyes ) .
But one night , Orlando dies suddenly and Marina 's tranquility is thrown into a tailspin — not just from the death of her love , but from all the unnecessary and often ridiculous complications , some bureaucratic , some purely emotional , that emerge and seem to stem from the fact that she is transgender .
At the hospital where Orlando dies , the fact that her legal name is still her birth name and not Marina becomes an issue with a cop ( who an uncomfortable doctor calls when she leaves the scene after he 's pronounced dead ) . A social worker , too , becomes obsessed with checking on Marina , which she continues to explain is just a matter of procedure and to ensure that she was not abused or a sex worker , but which feels nothing but invasive and inappropriate from Marina 's perspective . Orlando 's family , too , is unconscionably cruel to her — save for his brother , Gabo ( Luis Gnecco ) , who seems to be the only person in the film empathetic to the fact that Marina is just a human who has lost a loved one .
Every day is filled with the ever-present threat that someone is going to be uncomfortable with her . Marina is gracious and accommodating almost to a fault , both to the insidiously subtle kinds of judgment and the more outward violence and hatred . Orlando 's ex-wife tells her in no uncertain terms that she is not welcome at the funeral or wake . His grief stricken son is disgusted by her and makes no attempt to hide . And all Marina wants to do is grieve in her own way .
Lelio 's film occasionally delves into some magical realism as Marina struggles to maintain her composure amid such callous inhumanity from so many people , which is a beautiful if jarring disruption in a film that 's otherwise so committed to reality .
It 's Vega 's extraordinary performance , full of grace and depth , that keeps `` A Fantastic Woman '' in check from becoming something either too campy or too sanctimonious . It 's one that has the power to make an audience really understand and internalize why it is an act of bravery to simply live life as herself , and perhaps even change some minds in the process .
`` A Fantastic Woman , '' a Sony Pictures Classics release , is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for `` language , sexual content , nudity and a disturbing assault . '' Running time : 104 minutes . Three stars out of four .
___
MPAA Definition of R : Restricted . Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian .
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter : www.twitter.com/ldbahr
After seven months , the NCAA 's Commission on College Basketball has completed its work and is ready to issue a report Wednesday on how to fix the sport .
Here 's what happens next :
–Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present the commission 's report to university presidents of the NCAA board of governors and Division I board of directors on Wednesday at NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis .
–The boards will convene after the presentation to consider adoption of all , parts or none of the commission 's recommendations . Adoption is a small step toward implementation .
–If adopted , the boards will then direct the Division I Council , a group mostly composed of athletic directors , to craft legislation to implement the proposals .
–NCAA President Mark Emmert has said the council has already begun creating subcommittees to work on legislation in particular areas the commission is expected to address , such as the NBA 's so-called one-and-done rule , enforcement of rules and the relationship between players and agents .
–Legislation is expected to be presented back to the board by August so reform can be implemented before the next basketball season begins .
——
For more AP college basketball coverage : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
# BBNaija : Cee-C writes a short post of gratitude to her supporters
Cee-C has sent out another appreciation message to Nigerians , thanking them for standing by her and supporting her all through her stay in the game .
She became the last woman standing at this year 's edition of Big Brother Naija .
She shared numerous photos of herself & supporters and used the opportunity to thank fans for their love and votes .
She wrote :
The reaction on my face is everything ! ! ! This is how you all mean To me … i am speechless Wow I did n't expect this so much Love … God bless you Richly , May your Pockets be filled with blessings , as you have been a blessing to me so shall he shower you with blessings Amen ! TEAM CEEC ROCKS # ceecshomecoming # ceec # teamceec
The Love has been overwhelming I am still in shock … thank you for Love ! ! I Have the Best Fans in the world , I am so humbled ca n't wait to meet everyone thank you ! ! # CeecsHomecoming # thankful # ceec # teamceec
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post # BBNaija : Cee-C writes a short post of gratitude to her supporters appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Washington traditions that you 'd think President Trump would have enjoyed , given his old party-surfing , glitterati-fawning ways — like the White House Correspondents Dinner and the Kennedy Center Honors — he has shunned .
“ He does n't want to be in a situation where anyone has any kind of power over him , ” Mr. Robbins theorizes . “ And celebrities ultimately have the power to say , ‘ No , I do n't want to be photographed with him . ' ” Like Tom Hanks saying he would n't go to the White House to screen “ The Post , ” even if he were asked , or Tom Brady deflating President Trump and refusing to go to the Super Bowl ceremony at White House , no doubt because he feared the wrath of Gisele .
We Want to Hear From You We 'd like to hear from readers who have seen institutions and organizations develop novel responses to sexual harassment after # MeToo . Required fields are marked with an asterisk . Please name the settings where you have seen changes . * What changes have you noticed ? Please be as specific as possible . * You have 250 words left . Continue We 're very interested in the role that non-disclosure agreements , settlements and human resources executives play . What changes , if any , have you seen in those areas ? You have 250 words left . Have you seen rising concern about harassment affect other gender issues , like hiring or promotion , pay equity or others ? If so , tell us about it . You have 250 words left . Is there a harassment case in your community or workplace that has been difficult to resolve ? Or is there a case that was taken more seriously because of increased emphasis on this issue ? Tell us about it . You have 250 words left . What is your name ? * First and last preferred , but we wo n't use it without checking with you first . Where do you live ? * City and state or city and country preferred , please . What industry do you work in ? * What is your email address ? * We will not publish your email address . It will be used only by our journalists to contact you . By submitting to us , you are promising that the content is original , does not plagiarize from anyone or infringe a copyright or trademark , does not violate anyone 's rights and is not libelous or otherwise unlawful or misleading . You are agreeing that we can use your submission in all manner and media of The New York Times and that we shall have the right to authorize third parties to do so . And you agree to our Terms of Service . Thank you for your submission .
“ He 's that guy at work that you used to ignore , you know ? ” Mr. Robbins says of the president . “ It 's like , ‘ Oh , God , he 's at it again . Just leave him alone . Ignore him . ' And then he 's all upset he was n't invited to the party . ‘ No , you 're an ass . You do n't get invited to the party . I 'm sorry . ' ”
I muse that it must be uncomfortable to follow the first African-American president , known for his grace and exemplary family life , into the White House and then have to spend all your time denying that you 're a racist or that you assaulted a string of women and paid off a porn star ( whose interview with In Touch contained the startling revelation that the country 's most famous germophobe did n't wear a condom . )
Photo
“ ‘ Bob Roberts ' came true , ” Mr. Robbins says , referring to the 1992 mockumentary he wrote and starred in .
He prefigured the Trump phenomenon in the film , which is about a charismatic television entertainer and rich businessman who runs for office on the Republican ticket , sugarcoating his corrupt ways with an appeal to family values . He is hailed as a savior by his fans and as a crypto-fascist by his critics .
When a young woman sends an admiring note to Bob Roberts , he writes back warning her to stay away from crack because “ It 's a ghetto drug . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As Vincent Canby said in his New York Times review , “ Bob understands the appeal of an ultraconservative political and economic policy even to those who have nothing : anticipating the day when they do have it all , they want to make sure they will be able to keep it. ” Bob urges his followers to “ take , make and win by any means ” and asks them : “ Why has your American dream been relegated to the trash heap of history ? ”
When the movie was a big hit in Cannes , Miramax signed on as a co-distributor and Harvey Weinstein began hectoring Mr. Robbins to recut and re-edit the film .
“ He must have called me 20 times and I just told him , ‘ No , I 'm not doing it , ” ' Mr. Robbins says . “ He was so powerful because he had a company that was making movies that the studios were n't making . ”
Aside from his monstrous behavior with women , Mr. Weinstein ravaged Hollywood in other ways , Mr. Robbins posits , adding that , though the producer was hailed for his good taste , “ you could make the argument that Harvey 's overall impact on cinema was negative .
“ What happened is , when Miramax became as successful as it became , every studio all of a sudden wanted to have an independent arm , ” he says . “ So they all set up their little boutique companies that would do ‘ independent ' films , quote unquote . And it was n't that they were independent or edgy or that the content was risky or provocative . It was more that it was independent of paying people what the studios had to pay them . And so it became this way of making films on the cheap and not committing full studio resources into those kinds of films . ”
When Mr. Weinstein asked Mr. Robbins to star in an indie called “ Smoke , ” shortly after the producer had sold Miramax to Disney for some $ 60 million , the actor remembers confronting him , saying : “ ‘ Harvey , the talent made your company and you 've been paying them scale for years . And you just put a fortune in your pocket . When are we going to see some of that ? ' ”
He said that Mr. Weinstein called back an hour later to say that he would pay Mr. Robbins a million dollars to do the part but ordered him not to tell the other actors , who would still get scale .
Photo
“ ‘ You do n't get what I was saying , ' ” Mr. Robbins recalls telling him . “ This was n't a shakedown for me to get money . This was about , What are you going to do overall for talented people now that you 've been monetized in this way ? ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Robbins deadpans : “ Needless to say , I never worked for him again after that conversation . Also , he was personally transforming the Oscars into an advertising campaign that was about a relentless pursuit of gold . ”
Mr. Robbins , who loves old Hollywood , is rueful about the dearth of great movies : a decay in Hollywood standards that gave Mr. Weinstein power , and cover , for a long time .
“ Since I won the Oscar for ‘ Mystic River ' in 2004 , I think I 've worked in one studio film as a lead actor , which was ‘ Catch a Fire ' at Universal , ” Mr. Robbins says . “ But I do n't know why that is . The way I look at it is , every movie I have done , I am proud of , other than one I did for money , ‘ Green Lantern . ' Is it ‘ Green Lantern ' or ‘ Green Arrow ' ? I forget . I do have to pay the bills occasionally . But I 'm not broke . I have been wise with my money . I do n't need to be an über-rich person . I 'm happy where I am . ”
He agrees with the philosophy of the San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich , who explained recently why charitable contributions matter : “ Because we 're rich as hell , and we do n't need it all , and other people need it. ” And you 're a jerk if you do n't give it .
Asked about the tectonic shift for women in Hollywood , Mr. Robbins says he is happy that “ the incredibly libidinous atmosphere in Hollywood is changing ” so that men will be more afraid “ to intimidate women into compliance in horrible , rapey ways . ”
“ Everybody knew , ” he says in a disgusted whisper about Harvey Weinstein . “ Everybody knew . ”
He thinks there might actually be a fundamental shift , “ not just on the man-woman thing but the male-male thing , too . That 's been happening for a long time . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
He knows this is a supercharged moment , given the opprobrium that has descended on stars such as Matt Damon , who said people should acknowledge “ a spectrum ” of bad behavior among men .
“ It 's really , really important that women have the floor now to talk about this because it has been so pervasive throughout every industry as long as I 've been alive , ” Mr. Robbins says . But , he adds , “ I do n't trust mobs of any kind , even when they 're advocating for things I support . People losing their careers based on innuendo or accusation is troubling for me . There is a process for this : a legal system . Convicting someone on an accusation is really dangerous territory to be living in . ”
He worries about overreach . “ Is it possible for me to do a feminist film or a film about race and speak with any authority , or am I limited to telling stories about white men ? ”
Drug trafficking : Two South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
Two communities in South Africa have on Wednesday asked Nigerians to vacate their territories , the Nigerian Union claims . President of…
Read » Drug trafficking : Two South African communities give Nigerians quit notice on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Fashion is about more than just making beautiful things for designer Sage Paul , and she hopes this week 's Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto makes that clear .
The Dene artist says beading , weaving , textiles and sewing are inextricably linked to so much of her upbringing and identity . For her , creating clothes , jewelry and accessories can be just as much about combating stereotypes and shifting minds as looking good .
“ If we want to be sustaining our culture and ensuring that cultural continuity that our ancestors have passed on to us , the only way that it 's going to be out there is if we do it , ” says the Toronto-based Paul , who founded the showcase to present “ the most distinct and progressive Indigenous artists working in fashion , textiles and craft . ”
The four-day event will feature runway shows , a curated exhibition , panels and lectures , hands-on workshops , and a marketplace , with Indigenous artists including those from Canada , the United States and Greenland .
It kicks off Thursday with runway shows from Lesley Hampton , Evan Ducharme , Janelle Wawia and Sugiit Lukx Designs .
Free lectures and panels feature speakers including artist Kent Monkman , weaver Barbara Teller , and culture critic Jesse Wente tackling topics including fashion symbolism and imagery , cultural appropriation , Indigenous dyes and fibres , and technology and innovation .
Vancouver-based Ducharme says he welcomes more opportunities to celebrate and promote Indigenous artists and different points of view that often prioritize sustainable materials , ethical sourcing and reduced waste .
It 's also a chance to profile the vast array of Indigenous perspectives , he adds .
“ Some people would look at my work and ask me : ‘ Where 's the fringe ? Where 's the deer hide ? Where 's all the bead work ? Because Metis people are renowned for their beadwork . But where I was raised , none of the women in my family ever did beadwork so it was never something that was really part of my upbringing , ” says the 25-year-old , from the Metis community of St. Ambroise , Man .
“ And of course it 's beautiful and I 'd love to include it in my work but I 'd have to approach that from a completely different way than another Metis designer who was raised learning how to do beadwork would be able to approach it . It 's all about ethics . ”
Unfortunately , the predominant exposure most non-Indigenous people get to Indigenous-inspired designs is through cheap souvenirs and tourist trinkets , says Paul .
Despite the fact that many Indigenous communities boast master weavers , beaders , and applique artists , they have yet to receive broader recognition for their talents , she says .
“ ( It 's ) because of colonization and because of the commodification of our culture and I think a lot of it has been cheapened through that , ” says the 34-year-old .
“ You can go to any Canadian tourist store and buy a really cheap piece of beaded work that 's not even made here in Canada… . It costs more money to do one of a kind custom-made pieces . ”
By nature , the fashion industry has not been friendly to emerging creators who more often work-to-order or only make small batches , she adds . Those on remote reserves are at a further disadvantage because tools , materials and shipping are more expensive .
“ We 're not going to be able to mass produce at the level that a major retailer would want . I 'm hoping to change or to start influencing how we work with Indigenous designers … to look at purchasing lower quantities and understanding the value with that , ” she says .
“ By bringing everyone to Toronto I 'm really hoping that that sparks some sort of interest and motivation for retailers and buyers to actively go out and find these designers , regardless of where they 're located . ”
With sustainable fashion now trendy in the broader fashion world , Paul hopes Indigenous techniques and knowledge can be recognized for their value . She points to the inspiring work of Janelle Wawia , a self-taught artist from northwestern Ontario who traps her own furs and leather .
“ We know where the food goes — it goes into the community to feed community members , bones are used for tools and the fur is used for whatever is being made out of the clothing . ”
Ducharme says he 's added 10 new pieces to a collection he revealed at Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week last summer , and will unveil his reimagined showcase in part to combat notions that designs are disposable from season-to-season .
The 25-year-old — whose designs are not geared specifically to men or women , but rather “ genderless ” wearers — says welcoming new ideas is key to fashion 's future .
And he 's got plenty to offer .
“ My work is always going to be an ode to those ancestors who did everything that they could so that my generation and the generations to come after me would have a better tomorrow . ”
Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto starts Thursday and runs through Sunday .
——
Online : http : //www.ifwtoronto.com
Chloe — the beat of my heart — is stepping into her destiny . And I could not be more proud . Her younger sister and brother — who , admittedly , leave me little time to mourn — have a shining example of achievement .
Of course , thanks to her generation 's texting proclivities , I am — in some ways — closer to Chloe than ever . She went vintage shopping recently , for example , and sent me dressing room pictures of each of the secondhand contenders . Things were sometimes rocky between us when she was in high school , and she did n't usually want my advice . Now I was flattered to be invited to weigh in , and I duly praised each outfit .
Chloe 's dad and I divorced when she was in high school , leaving her a lot of emotional obstacles to overcome . ( It 's cool ; my kids are all used to my writing about them . ) She took her snarky sense of humor and age-appropriate eye-rolls to new heights . But in her absence , I find myself lauding her for the things she did around the house , including her Martha Stewart-level laundry skills and smack-your-mama mac and cheese dishes .
I would have liked to have her home to make one of those at Thanksgiving , but she was n't here . She spent it with my sister and brother in Western New York , in part because she 'll be coming home for winter break tomorrow .
Just as her siblings and I have adjusted to our household without her , she has grown used to her freedom , so I imagine there may be some issues in the weeks that she 's home . We will probably all fall back into our old roles , slightly reshaped . And then in January she will leave again , and we will adjust once more .
To me , the college send-off was not a blues for Chloe . It was a celebration . And no one was partying harder than our ancestors , who missed out on the luxury of rolling up into hallowed institutions with pining parents in their wake .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
I never took college for granted . My mama grew up in the Jim Crow South and never gave serious thought to higher education . My dad did n't even finish high school . So when I stepped across the stage at Northwestern University , glad-handing the robe-wearing strangers who placed the embossed leather folder in my hand , I was entering a world my family had never known . It meant honor . It meant prestige . And it spelled victory .
Privilege takes many forms . I can only assume that the legions of parents who spent this fall up in their feelings over their babies ' departures have led lives very different from my own .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But a part of me simply wonders , “ Is n't this what we as parents want to happen ? ” There is a natural order to it all . Right ? Now I ca n't lie . There are moments when I worry about Chloe . But I worried a bit when she started full-day preschool , went to sleep-away camp and , perhaps most terrifying , drove to the mall for the first time . As I did in those times , I talk myself down with faith that angels are with her when I ca n't be . In other words — grace .
But unlike in the early days of parenting , I now have lots of reasons to have faith in Chloe herself .
She is a competent young woman . She makes sound decisions , chooses decent friendships and navigates the world with an inner knowingness that has always belied her age .
This is no humble brag . Much of who she is , quite honestly , has little to do with me . Chloe came into the world with a live-out-loud , kick-ass boldness and an innate ability to self-regulate to a certain extent . She inherited the spiritual DNA of her grandmother and the strong black women who preceded her .
That 's why I could 've almost scripted the parting scene when I dropped her off at college . After several days spent unpacking , shopping and shopping some more — it was that time . We said our “ goodbye ” in the middle of campus after a beautiful rah-rah program to close out orientation . We hugged tightly , kissed — then looked around the yard .
Snot-nosed grown women were everywhere — practically collapsing in sorrow . Chloe said something like , “ These moms are , like , legit-shook. ” We giggled a bit .
Then , “ See you , Mom . ”
Friday , Oct. 6
“ 12 Angry Men ” : Be part of the courtroom action in this classic drama in which 12 jurors decide the fate of a young man accused of murder . What will the verdict be ? Find out in this suspenseful thriller that pits passionate jurors against one another in a bold examination of the American justice system . Various times and dates through Oct. 22 . $ 51- $ 86 . 606 Laguna Canyon Rd. , Laguna Beach . 949-497-2787 or lagunaplayhouse.com
October Wind Ensemble : The Saddleback College Wind Ensemble , under the direction of Maestro Yorgos Kouritas , presents their first concert of the fall semester . $ 7- $ 10 . 7:30 p.m. 28000 Marguerite Pkwy. , Mission Viejo . 949-582-4500 or saddleback.edu
Saturday , Oct. 7
Saddleback Symphony Orchestra : The Saddleback Symphony Orchestra , under the baton of Maestro Yorgos Kouritas , presents a Beethoven classic . His masterpiece , symphony No . 6 , depicts scenes of nature ranging from a serene countryside to a violent thunderstorm . $ 7- $ 10 . 7:30 p.m. 28000 Marguerite Pkwy. , Mission Viejo . 949-582-4500 or saddleback.edu
The Color Run : The Color 2017 Dream World Tour has more fun , more sun and even more color for you and your friends to experience together and it 's coming to Huntington Beach . Participants will experience an all-new Cloud Foam Zone on course , inspirational Dream Wall , and giant unicorns . The run will benefit a local charity . Register online . $ 39 . 8 a.m. 21601 Pacific Coast Hwy. , Huntington Beach . thecolorrun.com
“ Dumpsters on Parade ” : This event will take place on the first Saturday of October and each art piece will be presented to the community , parading through the first three blocks of Main Street in downtown Huntington Beach . This weekend , guests can view all Dumpsters as a collection , before they are sent to their designated locations throughout Huntington Beach to be put into service . Come down to Main Street to see the 30 unique and artistic transformations of these dumpsters . Free . 10 a.m. 200 Main St. , Huntington Beach . 714-969-3492 or surfcityusa.com
Sunday , Oct. 8
Live Music at Pacific City : Come out and listen to a live performance by Sabrina Lentini . A solo act with an acoustic guitar , beat machine , and a looper . Her Acoustic Pop original material portrays messages that are relatable and friendly to audiences of all ages . Noon – 3 p.m. Free . 21010 Pacific Coast Highway , Huntington Beach . 714-930-2345 or gopacificcity.com
Monday , Oct. 9
David Ambrosio/Russ Meissner Quartet : NYC Veteran bassist David Ambrosio teams up with his long time musical compatriot of over 20 years , Russ Meissner , to form this stellar group featuring the amazing multi-instrumentalist Matt Renzi , and subtly masterful pianist Leonard Thompson . This music represents decades of incredible music making and history between these internationally renowned musicians . $ 7- $ 10 . 7:30 p.m. 28000 Marguerite Pkwy. , Mission Viejo . 949-582-4500 or saddleback.edu
Wednesday , Oct. 11
“ Curve of Departure ” : Enjoy a theatrical performance of “ Curve of Departure ” at the South Coast Repertory . On the night before Cyrus ' funeral , the family he left years ago gathers in a hotel room . Linda , his ex-wife . Felix , his grown son . Rudy , Cyrus ' ailing father . All steeling themselves for the burial of a man they may have loved but did n't like . And then there 's Jackson , Felix 's new boyfriend . In the tight confines of the hotel room , it 's hard to keep secrets—especially when everyone is at a crossroads in their life . A warm and surprisingly funny family drama . Various times and dates through Oct. 15 . $ 24- $ 74 . 655 Town Center Drive , Costa Mesa . 714-708-5555 or scr.org
Thursday , Oct. 12
Music on the Deck : Enjoy a live performance by band Crimson Crowbar . Together these four have been playing to packed houses all over Southern California . With their popularity on a steady rise and big plans for the future , this is a polished , great sounding , must see show . Free . 6-9 p.m. 21010 Pacific Coast Highway , Huntington Beach . 714-930-2345 or gopacificcity.com
Cats Illustrated has learned that four Kentucky prospects from the same school , all with verbal offers from the Wildcats , will be visiting Lexington for the program 's spring game next month .
CARACAS , Venezuela — The man who finished second in Venezuela 's recent presidential election is asking the Supreme Court to order a new vote .
Henri Falcon argued on Wednesday that Maduro 's ruling socialist party unfairly influenced the election by setting up kiosks near voting centres and giving poor residents bonuses .
Official results showed Maduro winning a second six-year term in a landslide victory on May 20 despite a historic crisis in the once-wealthy OPEC nation .
The appeal is unlikely to prosper in the Supreme Court , which rarely if ever votes against Maduro .
The legal challenge comes as Canada is slapping 14 Venezuelan leaders with sanctions , condemning the election as illegitimate and anti-democratic .
Cuba 's newly installed President Miguel Diaz-Canel , however , was visiting Caracas and congratulated Maduro , reaffirming strong ties between their two nations .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Every week , since 2009 , Townsend Atelier has held an open figure drawing studio at its facility . Countless artists of all levels have participated in this important artistic tradition throughout the years , and now it 's time to have a show !
This is an invitational , curated show featuring the works of 30 artists . All works are figurative and were done at Townsend Atelier during the Thursday night open studio . There will be paintings , drawings , pastels and sculptures .
Works are framed and unframed and available for purchase .
Exhibiting artists :
Roza Adamcyk , Cheryl Arnold , Mia Bergeron
Elena Burykina , George Dawnay , Kim Eisendorfer , Jo Fassnacht
Caleb Goggans , Lee Greer , Mia Hansford , Richard Harrison , Melissa Hefferlin , Jules Jackson , Kristin Kendall , Shelly Lovins , Robin MacKillop , Ruth Pearl , Gabriel Regagnon , Ange Roth , Dave Salerno , Seneca Smith , Caleb Stoltzfus , Rajita Tippavajhala , Sara Tolbert , Stan Townsend , Allan Wallace , Jillian Weathers , Maria Willison
Football Headlines : All The Latest Football News And Transfer Rumors This Morning
Arsene Wenger is pushing forward with an overhaul of his attacking options in preparation for major Arsenal exits with deals for Kylian Mbappe , Alexandre Lacazette and Thomas Lemar being worked on .
Manchester United centre-half Chris Smalling will be sold with West Ham , West Brom and Everton keen on the 27-year-old .
Tottenham have made Portuguese right-back Ricardo Pereira their top target to replace Manchester City-bound Kyle Walker , but face strong competition for his signature .
Leicester City have offered £16.5m for Hull City defender Harry Maguire .
Monaco and France striker Kylian Mbappe says he will have to ‘ sort ' through his offers this summer with Arsenal and Real Madrid wanting his services .
Sunderland are keen on Manchester United 's Sam Johnstone as they weigh up replacements for Jordan Pickford .
Victor Lindelof will arrive at Manchester United 's Carrington training base on Wednesday to complete his move from Benfica .
Chelsea are continuing discussions with former Manchester City goalkeeper Willy Caballero .
Luke Shaw is already back at Carrington to step up rehabilitation on a foot injury to prove his fitness before August .
Sevilla president Jose Castro says they are working hard to sign Manchester City striker Nolito and his former Etihad team-mate Jesus Navas .
Stoke City are in talks over a deal for Hull City left-back Josh Tymon .
Alvaro Morata is expected to become a Manchester United player by Wednesday .
Antonio Conte is off the hook with his Chelsea bosses over his text bust-up with Diego Costa who said he was told he was no longer wanted at Stamford Bridge .
Arsenal is on the verge of signing CSKA Moscow star Aleksandr Golovin .
Manchester City are ready to slash Samir Nasri 's £16m asking price because of a lack of interest .
Chris Smalling has ditched his agent amid rumours of a summer transfer from Manchester United .
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has ruled out for a move for Monaco star Fabinho this summer .
Everton 's signing of Sunderland goalkeeper Jordan Pickford will kick off £150m of summer spending at Goodison Park .
Arsenal appear to have lost out on Corentin Tolisso after the Lyon midfielder agreed to join Bayern Munich in a €40m deal .
Internazionale 's Ivan Perisic is “ hugely keen and excited ” to play for Jose Mourinho , and personal terms have been agreed with Manchester United .
Manchester United 's pursuit of Torino 's Andrea Belotti looks increasingly unlikely , with the Serie A club unwilling to accept an offer lower than the 23-year-old striker 's £84m buy-out clause .
Chelsea expect to complete the signing of former Manchester City goalkeeper Willy Caballero to replace Asmir Begovic as their number 2 .
Diego Costa has asked Atletico Madrid to agree a deal with Chelsea that would allow the striker to go on loan to another club until January , when the Spanish team 's transfer ban ends .
Birmingham City hijacked john terry 's proposed move to Aston Villa on Tuesday night and are hopeful of signing the former Chelsea skipper .
Paris Saint-Germain will chase the signing of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this summer after failing to make any ground in their chase for Alexis Sanchez .
Tottenham , Manchester City and Arsenal are battling to sign Monaco right-back Djibril Sidibe .
Manchester United lead Manchester City in the race to sign Real Betis youngster Roberto Gonzalez .
Leeds United have expressed an interest in signing Manchester United keeper Sam Johnstone .
AC Milan 's swoop for Atalanta midfielder Franck Kessie has hit complications .
West Ham are leading the chase for England and Manchester United star Chris Smalling .
FC Porto prospect Ruben Neves is attracting interest from Chelsea and Liverpool .
Everton are in talks with Malaga striker Sandro Ramirez and Ajax captain Davy Klaassen as the club look to make their first additions of the summer .
Aberdeen and Sunderland remain locked in talks over a compensation deal to allow Derek McInnes to take over at the Stadium of Light .
Rangers have made a second bid for Norwich City midfielder Graham Dorrans .
John Robertson is set to complete a shock return to Inverness Caley Thistle as manager on Wednesday .
The post Football Headlines : All The Latest Football News And Transfer Rumors This Morning appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
INDEPENDENCE , Ohio — By now , LeBron James is usually getting some rest in the NBA playoffs .
The Pacers are making him work much harder than he has in years .
After splitting the first four games , Indiana and Cleveland will meet on Wednesday night in the critical Game 5 of a first-round series that has been unpredictable , uneven and for James , unusual .
This first round has n't been the norm for the three-time champion .
While he 's 12-0 in the opening round , before the Cavs dropped Game 1 to the Pacers at home , James had never lost a playoff opener . In fact , James came in with a 21-game winning streak in first-round games and this will be his first Game 5 in Round 1 since 2012 when he was with Miami .
The Cavs and Pacers are n't the only ones in a tussle in the Eastern Conference as Washington and Toronto resume their series in Canada tied 2-2 . Things are n't quite as tight In the West as Utah holds a 3-1 lead over a fraying Oklahoma City team , and Houston , which dropped 50 points in one quarter on Monday night , can eliminate Minnesota .
Cleveland 's 104-100 win in Game 4 brought relief to Cavs fans and James , who had been getting little offensive help from his teammates . A dependable No . 2 scoring option has been issue all season , primarily because Kyle Irving is no longer around to take pressure off James .
But in Game 4 , Kyle Korver stepped up in the second half and knocked down four 3-pointers and the Cavs buckled down defensively in the closing minutes to avoid a 3-1 hole .
“ We all know the narrative around us , it is what it is , ” Korver said after practice on Tuesday . “ It 's Bron and we 're all trying to make it work for him . ”
James has been his usual self , averaging 32.5 points , 11 rebounds and 8 assists in the series . But only Kevin Love ( 12.0 ) , who has been slowed by a sprained left thumb , and J.R. Smith ( 10.0 ) are averaging double-digits for Cleveland .
Some things to know for Wednesday 's matchups :
WIZARDS AT RAPTORS
Series tied 2-2 . Game 5 , 7 p.m. , NBATV
NEED TO KNOW : The home team has won each game so far . The Wizards absolutely need at least one road victory , and they 've been here before : Washington was eliminated a year ago in the second round against Boston after going 3-0 in at home and 0-4 in away games .
KEEP AN EYE ON : Toronto 's 3-point shooting . The Raptors attempted a season-low 18 shots from beyond the arc , making seven , in its Game 4 loss . They never took fewer than 21 in any regular-season game , and averaged 13.7 made 3s and 31 attempts in Games 1-3 .
PRESSURE IS ON : DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry . While Washington 's All-Star backcourt duo of John Wall ( 26.8 points , 13 assists and 4.8 rebounds ) and Bradley Beal ( 29.5 ppg the past two games ) led the Wizards in Games 3 and 4 , Toronto 's counterparts have not been very efficient lately . Lowry is shooting 41.7 per cent , and DeRozan is at 44 after going 10 for 29 in Game 4 .
INJURY UPDATE : Because of an injured right shoulder , Raptors PG Fred VanVleet has played a total of only three minutes in the series .
PACERS AT CAVALIERS
Series tied 2-2 . Game 5 , 7 p.m. TNT
NEED TO KNOW : After scoring 32 points in the opener , Pacers guard Victor Oladipo has scored 18 and 17 in the past two games and is just 10 of 35 from the field . Cleveland has been blitzing and trapping Oladipo , forcing him to pass or rush his shot .
KEEP AN EYE ON : Lance Stephenson . Indiana 's always entertaining swingman baited James into a technical foul in Game 4 , when he also wrapped up Cleveland 's Jeff Green late in the game and spun him to the floor .
PRESSURE IS ON : Cavs coach Tyronn Lue . While he 's had to sort through injuries and battled his own health issues all season , he 's been criticized for some decisions , including a reluctance to play forward Tristan Thompson in this series . If the Cavs go down 3-2 or are eliminated , look out .
INJURY UPDATE : Cavaliers starting G George Hill ( back spasms ) is questionable . He received injections but could n't play in Game 4 .
JAZZ AT THUNDER
Thunder lead 3-1 . Game 5 , 9:30 p.m. Central , NBA TV .
NEED TO KNOW : Jazz rookie Donovan Mitchell is averaging 27.5 points and 8.5 rebounds while shooting 45 per cent from the field . He 's averaging 17.3 points in the second half and shooting 46 per cent .
He topped Karl Malone 's rookie playoff record with 33 points in Game 4 .
“ I 'm not trying to think about all that now , ” he said . “ We have bigger things to worry about right now as a team . ”
KEEP AN EYE ON : Thunder F Carmelo Anthony . He 's shooting 37 per cent from the field and 23.1 per cent from 3-point range . He was brought to the Thunder to take pressure off Thunder G Russell Westbrook , but his inability to make shots has only made things more difficult .
PRESSURE IS ON : Westbrook . While averaging 21.3 points , 11.8 rebounds and 8.3 assists , he 's only shooting 37 per cent , 21 on 3s . Westbrook normally attacks with reckless abandon , but 7-foot-1 Jazz centre Rudy Gobert is making that tougher .
INTRIGUING MATCHUP : Thunder F Paul George vs. Jazz F Joe Ingles . George has been solid , averaging 27.3 points . But his focus has drifted and he has got caught up in some of Ingles ' agitating tactics . George was the aggressor in Game 4 , at one point shoving Ingles and getting a technical .
TIMBERWOLVES AT ROCKETS
Rockets lead 3-1 . Game 5 , 9:30 p.m. , TNT .
NEED TO KNOW : Timberwolves might still be reeling from the 50-point third quarter the Rockets posted to turn a tight Game 4 into a rout . Minnesota actually outshot Houston for the third straight game , but only turned that into one victory . “ Everybody will look at the 50 points that we scored in the quarter , but it was our defence , ” said Chris Paul , who had 15 of his 25 points over those torrid 12 minutes .
KEEP AN EYE ON : Rockets sixth man Eric Gordon . After shooting just 11 for 39 over the first three games , he scored a series-high 18 in Game 4 . He hit four 3s , including a buzzer-beater at the end of the third to fulfil the 50-point quarter goal the Rockets have been trying to reach for two years under coach Mike D'Antoni .
PRESSURE IS ON : Wolves G Jimmy Butler . While the Rockets were running away in the third , Butler forced some shots in a frantic attempt to keep up . The team 's best defender must also try to figure out how to better disrupt the high ball screens the Rockets set on Harden to set up those frequent 3s .
INJURY UPDATE : Wolves PG Jeff Teague dislocated his right pinky finger in Game 4 and struggled with two points on 1-for-7 shooting in 28 minutes with four fouls and three turnovers .
——
AP Sports Writers Howard Fendrich , Cliff Brunt and Dave Campbell contributed to this report .
——
For more AP NBA coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
NEW YORK — Giancarlo Stanton hit a three-run homer , CC Sabathia pitched six effective innings , and the New York Yankees beat the Atlanta Braves 6-2 on Wednesday .
Aaron Judge added his 24th homer of the season in the seventh inning . He 's now homered in three of his past four games .
Rookie second baseman Gleyber Torres left the game in the top of the fifth inning because of tightness in his right hip and will be placed on the 10-day disabled list with a right hip strain .
Catcher Kyle Higashioka also homered for the Yankees , becoming the ninth player since 1920 whose first three hits were home runs . Colorado 's Trevor Story homered for his first four big league hits on April 4-6 , 2016 .
Sabathia ( 6-3 ) worked out of a couple of jams for the Yankees , who have won six of their past eight after getting swept in three games at Tampa last weekend .
National League East-leading Atlanta loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but the 37-year-old struck out 20-year-old phenom Ronald Acuna Jr. on an 88 mph cutter .
The Braves have lost their past two games .
New York took a 1-0 lead in the second inning on Greg Bird 's RBI single off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran ( 6-6 ) , who lasted just five innings , allowing five hits and five runs . He walked four and struck out 10 .
The Yankees got to Teheran again in the third .
With a runner on first and two outs , Aaron Hicks walked . Stanton then fell behind 0-2 before hitting a line drive to the right field bleachers for his 21st homer of the season to make it 4-0 .
After retiring the first two batters in the fourth , Teheran fell behind 2-0 against Higashioka before the 30-year-old rookie connected to the left field stands , extending the lead to 5-0 .
The Braves cut the deficit to 5-1 on an RBI grounder from Danny Santana with one out in the fifth . Johan Camargo hit his ninth home run of the season with two outs in the sixth that made it 5-2 . But Sabathia limited the damage by retiring Dansby Swanson on a grounder to second with a runner aboard .
Atlanta failed to take advantage in the seventh inning against reliever Chad Green when its first two batters reached on a pair of singles . Green then got three fly outs to end the threat .
PUT ME IN COACH
With New York set to play 11 games in 10 days , beginning Friday at Toronto , Yankees manager Aaron Boone said he wanted to be “ greedy ” with Thursday being their only day off , and held Austin Romine out of the starting lineup for the fourth consecutive day . Higashioka started for the fourth straight time behind the plate .
The Yankees have been short-handed at catcher since Romine left the game on June 29 against Boston in the seventh inning because of a tight left hamstring . Gary Sanchez has been on the 10-day disabled list since June 25 because of a strained right groin .
GET OUT AND VOTE
New York has one of the best records in baseball but it only has one player , Aaron Judge , among the eight leading vote getters on the American League squad for the All-Star Game that will be played July 17 at Washington . The starters for the Midsummer Classic will be revealed on Sunday .
Boone believes that Judge , the 2017 Home Run Derby champion , will have company to make the trip to the nation 's capital .
“ I mean you look around the league — and I have n't looked at the voting lately — but we were actually talking about guys that might make off our team or guys that are certainly on that conversation and we have a number of those players , ” Boone said . “ Hopefully we 'll be well represented . We certainly have deserving guys . ”
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Braves : 1B Freddie Freeman , who was hit by a pitch in the third inning , left the game after the fourth because of a contusion in his right upper arm .
WELCOME BACK
LHP Luiz Gohara , the No . 3 prospect in the Atlanta organization , arrived about 90 minutes before the first pitch after he was called up from Triple-A Gwinnett for the second time this season . RHP Evan Phillips , who threw 2 1/3 innings Tuesday night , was sent down to Triple-A .
UP NEXT
Braves : Max Fried ( 1-2 , 2.55 ERA ) starts the opener of a four-game series at NL Central-leading Milwaukee on Thursday . Fried struck out 11 over 6 2/3 scoreless innings in his previous start against St. Louis .
Yankees : Sonny Gray ( 5-6 , 5.44 ) gets the nod for the first of three games at Toronto as New York heads out on an 11-game , three city trips . Gray has lost his past two starts , giving up 10 runs and 13 hits in nine innings .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Researchers have designed a wearable device that contains flexible sensors and microprocessors that stick to the skin and stimulate sweat glands ( AFP Photo/DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS )
Miami ( AFP ) - An ultra-sensitive , wearable sweat sensor may improve diagnosis and treatment of cystic fibrosis , diabetes and other conditions , researchers said Monday .
Unlike previous sweat sensors , the new model requires only a trace of moisture to do its job and does n't require patients to sit still for 30 minutes while it collects sweat .
`` This is a huge step forward , '' said co-author Carlos Milla , associate professor of pediatrics at Stanford University .
The wearable device , designed in collaboration with researchers at the University of California , Berkeley , contains flexible sensors and microprocessors that stick to the skin and stimulate sweat glands .
It detects the presence of different molecules and ions -- for instance , sweat that contains more chloride generates a higher electrical voltage at the sensor 's surface .
High chloride ion levels may indicate cystic fibrosis , while high blood glucose levels are a sign of diabetes .
The sensor electronically transmits the results for analysis and diagnostics , according to the report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Researchers hope the sensor might one day aid drug development and drug personalization for cystic fibrosis , a genetic disease that causes mucus to build up in the lungs and pancreas , and which is notoriously hard to treat .
`` CF drugs work on only a fraction of patients , '' said Sam Emaminejad , who is now an assistant professor of electrical engineering at University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) .
`` Just imagine if you use the wearable sweat sensor with people in clinical drug investigations , '' he said .
`` We could get a much better insight into how their chloride ions go up and down in response to a drug . ''
More research is needed to see if the wearable sweat sensor would work consistently from one day to the next , since the contents of a person 's sweat can change frequently based on diet and other factors .
Researchers also hope to learn more about which molecules in sweat can be mapped and may provide the most useful information .
NEW YORK — Arizona coach Ariel Prieto and the Diamondbacks have been fined by Major League Baseball for his wearing an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card win over Colorado .
MLB announced the discipline Friday , two days after the game .
The commissioner 's office said in a statement that it interviewed Prieto and examined his watch and cellphone . It said it “ found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cellphone for any purpose in the dugout , nor any baseball-related communication on either device , during Wednesday 's game . ”
Prieto and the team were fined because he violated a regulation , and MLB will donate the fine money to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico .
Last month , the Boston Red Sox were fined by MLB for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Farayi Machamire
Zimbabwe faces a red locust invasion which further threatens maize and wheat yields , as the country battles to control fall army worm that has ravaged crops .
The red locusts — a large grasshopper species — are aggressive and destructive crop-eating pests that move in swarms , feeding on vegetation in its path .
International Red Locust Control Organisation for Central and Southern Africa ( IRLO-CSA ) director , Moses Okhoba , told an emergency regional meeting on trans-boundary crop pests and animal diseases in Harare yesterday that southern African states , including Zimbabwe , faced yet another failed agricultural season , due to the pests .
“ We ( Zambia ) have…lost 1 600 hectares to the locust…and we 're currently on the ground trying to contain it , ” he said .
“ …if they are allowed to continue developing…all the countries in the southern region are in grave danger , ” Okhoba said , adding that “ as you know , when fully grown , the red locust can move up to 200km per hour , depending on the wind direction ” .
“ …a swarm of red locusts can be made up of 40 million insects , each one breeding on its own weight of about two grammes a day . ”
“ Therefore , a swarm will be eating about 80 million metric tonnes a day until you are able to control it , ” Okhoba said .
The situation could be made dire by the fact that many southern African States do not have the equipment or capacity to contain the red locust .
“ The capacity of the region to control this locust is very limited .
“ I can count the equipment available ( in the whole region ) , ” he said .
“ So , we need to look at how best we can deal with this pest . The locust we are dealing with in Zambia can affect the north and south of Zambia with equal measure . . . the situation is bad for food security . ”
His alert comes amid mounting fears Zimbabwe 's maize yield could be completely wiped out by invasive pests .
Last Thursday , the Zimbabwe government said it was struggling to limit crop damage from the dangerous fall armyworm .
Agriculture minister Joseph Made told Senate government was taking measures to determine the extent of damage from caused by the crop-eating fall armyworm .
Food and Agricultural Organisation sub-regional coordinator for southern Africa David Phiri said apart from the fall armyworm , the region also faces a number of other crop pest threats .
“ The tomato leafminer Tuta absoluta , …has caused serious losses , and disrupted tomato trade between some countries in the region , ” he said .
“ …in the livestock sector , the highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N8 which has been reported in many areas of the world , mostly in the Northern hemisphere , so far , has broken out in Uganda , killing thousands of migratory wild birds and has spread to domestic poultry with high mortality reported , ” Phiri said . Daily News
CINCINNATI — Given rematches against three teams that beat them last season , Xavier ran the table .
Trevon Bluiett scored 25 points , J.P. Macura emerged from his slump by making his first six shots , and No . 13 Xavier completed a streak of non-conference payback wins by drubbing Colorado 96-69 on Saturday .
The Musketeers ( 9-1 ) already had victories over Baylor and crosstown rival Cincinnati , which beat them last season , and they set a goal of completing the trilogy . Last season , they blew a nine-point lead in the second half and lost 68-66 at Colorado .
“ We circled those on our calendar , ” Bluiett said . “ Those were our get-back games . ”
The Buffaloes ( 7-2 ) were never in it . Their inexperienced team fell behind by 26 in the first half and got no closer than 13 the rest of the way . Namon Wright led Colorado with 20 points .
“ They whipped us in every phase of the game , ” Colorado coach Tad Boyle said . “ I ca n't think of one thing we did better than Xavier today . ”
Colorado knew all about Bluiett , who had 27 points — including six 3s — during the loss to the Buffaloes last season . He went 8 of 14 from the field in the rematch .
Macura was only 3 of 13 in the last two games . He made his first six shots , including a 3-pointer for a 42-16 lead , and scored all of his 17 points in the first half . He missed his only shot in the second half , when Xavier led by as many as 29 points .
“ As far as scoring goes , he 's been quiet , ” Bluiett said . “ But he 's still been a threat . Tonight was a good start for him to get that feeling back and get back into the rhythm of things . Hopefully from here on out , he can score at that level . ”
BIG PICTURE
Colorado : The Buffaloes came in leading Pac-12 schools in defence , allowing 66.4 points per game . The Buffaloes had n't given up more than 38 in an opening half . Xavier shredded the Buffaloes ' defence for a 49-33 halftime lead , with their guards repeatedly driving for layups or getting uncontested 3-point shots . Colorado had n't allowed more than 81 points this season .
Xavier : The Musketeers came into the game second nationally in field goal shooting at 54 per cent and made 12 of their first 14 shots while surging to a 31-10 lead . They finished at 60 per cent from the field , including 9 of 14 from beyond the arc , and scored 48 points in the paint .
“ If we 're going to give up 48 points in the paint , we 're not going to win many games , ” said Colorado 's George King , who had 15 points of 5-of-15 shooting .
TOUGH AT HOME
Xavier has won 37 straight non-conference home games , the last loss coming against Wofford 56-55 on Dec. 22 , 2012 . The Musketeers are 235-35 all-time at the Cintas Center , including 7-0 this season .
FROZEN IN TIME
The scoreboard froze with 10:22 left and Xavier up 71-56 . Teams went by the clock above the baskets , and the public address announcer updated the score after each basket . The scoreboard started working again with 7:49 to go and Xavier up 77-58 .
“ Thank God the scoreboard broke down so I did n't have to watch it happen , ” Boyle said .
SLOPPY , SLOPPY
The Buffaloes had 23 turnovers in their 75-57 win over New Mexico and turned it over 16 times on Saturday , including 10 times while falling behind in the first half .
HARD FALL
Xavier freshman point guard Paul Scruggs fell hard on a play under the basket in the second half and left the court , holding his right side . He returned several minutes later and went back into the game .
UP NEXT
Colorado plays home games next week against San Diego and South Dakota State .
Xavier has a week off for exams before hosting East Tennessee State next Saturday , the fifth of six straight home games .
——
More college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
Immediate past Miss CommonWealth Africa , Queen Joy Onumajuru celebrated copies of ATTENTION Magazine that had exclusive content of her grand opening of Queenel Saloon in a Abuja that featured A'list showbiz entrepreneurs . The ex- beauty queen met with the publisher Alex Nwankwo who happens to be a publicist when she returned to Nigeria recently after bagging Masters degree abroad .
Onumajuru also reigned supreme as Queen Of Aso ‎Nigeria in 2011 with the executions of high profile project geared towards empowering children and providing for the less privileged . The blueprint edition of ATTENTION Magazine had Nollywood actress Rosaline Meurer as the cover page , while the June edition which is in the press will have top Ghanian actress Juliet Ibrahim as the front page cover .
Omoyele , Ezenwa , Shammasu… TheCable 's NPFL team of the week – TheCable
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. ( WFLA ) — The Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimps are celebrating “ You Might Be the Father 's Day ” this Thursday .
The minor league baseball team will be handing out pregnancy tests at the ball park .
The team 's website says this is so you 'll know if you need to return for Sunday 's Father 's Day Game .
The organization is promising a night of “ suspense and intrigue . ”
WHAT 'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
> > MORE FROM LILA 'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
BEAUMONT , Texas — Zjori Bosha scored 18 points with 10 rebounds and two steals and Lamar clobbered Stephen F. Austin 76-54 on Saturday to break a 10-game losing streak to the Lumberjacks , dating back to 2012 .
Bosha drained a 3-pointer to put Lamar ahead 11-9 about five minutes in . The Cardinals ( 14-10 , 6-5 Southland Conference ) never trailed again and soon pushed the lead to double digits . Josh Nkeazor added 16 points , three steals and 11 boards . James Harrison and Nick Garth tossed in 13 and 11 points , respectively .
Stephen F. Austin got within nine points twice early in the second half . After the second time , Lamar took off on a 27-13 run and pushed the lead to 23 points . Bosha scored 10 in that span and Stephen F. Austin suffered six turnovers .
TJ Holyfield and Shannon Bogues each scored 12 points but the Lumberjacks ( 18-5 , 7-3 ) were held to 37 per cent shooting ( 18 of 49 ) and were outrebounded 43-25 . Lamar had more rebounds off the defensive boards ( 27 ) than Stephen F. Austin had total .
The loss was Stephen F. Austin 's worst in the Southland since losing 62-35 at Lamar on March 2 , 2002 .
Taking a Knee and Taking Down a Monument Video In a Louisiana town , a mother navigates racial tensions that flare up around her son 's wish to take a knee during the national anthem , and her own wish to have a local Confederate monument removed .
For more coverage of race , sign up here to have our Race/Related newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox .
SHREVEPORT , La . — As Confederate monuments across the country were being removed in October , sometimes under the cover of night , the Caddo Parish Commission in Shreveport , La. , voted 7 to 5 in favor of removing its own , a 30-foot stone sculpture that has loomed over the entrance to the parish courthouse since 1906 .
After a federal judge in the Western District of Louisiana denied a preliminary injunction last Friday to keep the monument in place , the parish is preparing for further litigation and for the challenge of removing the monument .
Unlike removal of the Confederate flag , which flew over the courthouse grounds until the commission voted to take it down in 2011 , the relocation of the monument is projected to cost hundreds of thousands of dollars , and a new home for it has yet to be determined .
Image Pink floodlights illuminate the Caddo Parish Commission and a 30-foot-tall Confederate monument in Shreveport , La . Credit Brent McDonald/The New York Times
The United Daughters of the Confederacy had filed the injunction , claiming that the 400-square-foot parcel , on which the monument stands , is the private property of the Daughters , not of the parish . It said that forcing the group to remove the sculpture would violate its constitutional rights .
The Daughters erected the monument with a $ 1,000 donation from the Caddo Parish Police Jury , the predecessor to the commission . The sculpture is a celebration of the Lost Cause , a movement championed by the Daughters that sought to honor the South 's “ gallant dead. ” The movement also aimed to recast the Civil War as being about something other than upholding slavery , and to characterize slavery as a benevolent institution .
In the middle of the monument , Clio , the muse of history , stands facing the words “ Lest We Forget ” and “ Confederate. ” In her right hand is a scroll that once bore the word “ History , ” though according to the National Register of Historic Places , that portion of the scroll went missing around 2010 . Clio is surrounded by the busts of four Confederate generals : Robert E. Lee , Thomas ( Stonewall ) Jackson , P. G. T. Beauregard and Henry Watkins Allen . ( Allen would later become governor of Louisiana . )
For LaPeachra Bell , 39 , who attended the commission 's vote in October , the monument is a reminder of a different sort — an emblem of the systematic and brutal oppression that black people suffered under slavery . Ms. Bell said it was also a reminder of the violence that white people continued to wage on African-Americans during Reconstruction — including dozens of lynchings — earning Caddo Parish the moniker “ Bloody Caddo. ” And in a state with one of the nation 's highest incarceration rates of African-Americans , she added , the sculpture is a symbol to many who enter the courthouse today that justice is not yet equal .
Image Supporters who sought to keep the Confederate monument in front of the Caddo Parish Courthouse in Shreveport , La . Credit Brent McDonald/The New York Times
“ Why would I praise a Confederate monument when it did nothing but bring hurt to my race ? ” Ms. Bell said . “ Even if I was innocent , as a black man or a black woman , by the time I go in that courthouse , I 'm passing by that … monument . It 's letting me know that my chances are slim , because they still respect somebody that murdered us . They raped us , they did all kinds of stuff to us that 's unthinkable . ”
When the vote to remove the monument was announced , a wave of applause and utterings of “ thank you , Jesus ” swept through the packed commission chamber . An 81-year-old black woman wept tears of joy . Strangers hugged . Others turned and walked out .
The New York Times filmed the commission vote in October , as part of a video documentary following Ms. Bell and her son , a high-school football player in Shreveport who was enmeshed in the controversy over student athletes ' taking a knee during the national anthem .
Sign up for California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians ( and anyone else interested in the state ) , delivered weekday mornings . SEE SAMPLE Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services . * Required field Thank you for subscribing . View all New York Times newsletters . An error has occurred . Please try again later . You are already subscribed to this email . View all New York Times newsletters . Sign Up
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Mookie Betts beat the Boston Red Sox in the first salary arbitration case of the year . The All-Star outfielder will get a raise from $ 950,000 to $ 10.5 million instead of the team 's $ 7.5 million .
Arbitrators Daniel Brent , Mark Burstein and Phillip LaPorte made the decision Wednesday , a day after hearing arguments .
The 25-year-old hit .264 with 24 homers and 102 RBIs last year , when he made his second straight AL All-Star team . He batted .318 with 31 homers and 113 RBIs in 2016 .
His gap was the largest among the 27 players who swapped figures with their teams on Jan. 12 . Just two of them reached agreements , leaving the rest headed toward hearings , which are scheduled through Feb. 16 .
Teams won eight of 15 decisions last winter . Several clubs refused to negotiate after the exchange of proposed arbitration salaries , a so-called file and trial strategy .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BANGKOK — The main global group for certifying sustainable wood has sent a “ come clean ” ultimatum to one of the world 's largest paper companies and its billionaire Indonesian family owners following evidence it continues to cut down tropical forests and operate through corporate proxies .
A May 28 letter from the Forest Stewardship Council seen Wednesday by The Associated Press makes four demands of Sinarmas and the Widjaja family that it insists must be met within days .
The conglomerate 's years long effort to be readmitted to the council , whose stylized tree mark is an influential endorsement in the global marketplace , could be completely undone if it does n't comply . It was expelled in 2007 for extensive destruction of Indonesia 's rainforests .
The ultimatum comes after Greenpeace earlier this month ended a five-year truce with Sinarmas , citing an AP investigation into its opaque corporate structure and accusing it of destroying tropical forests during the entire time the two were co-operating on conservation . Sinarmas founder Eka Tjipta Widjaja and his family control a $ 9 billion fortune amassed from paper , palm oil , real estate and other businesses , according to Forbes .
The forest council 's letter to the Asia Pulp & Paper arm of the Sinarmas conglomerate said it requires a “ demonstration of the highest level of commitment by the Widjaja family ” to the council 's standards , which include protection of natural forests and human rights .
It demands a “ high level , official and public announcement ” of that commitment by Monday ; proposed remedies to Greenpeace 's evidence of deforestation , also by Monday ; a full disclosure by June 11 of Asia Pulp & Paper 's corporate structure including its wood suppliers , shell companies and offshore companies and their true ownership ; and disclosure by June 11 of any other violations of the council 's standards .
Asia Pulp & Paper had no immediate comment . It said it wo n't be able to comment on the letter unless FSC agrees . The council did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
Indonesia 's rainforests , among the world 's largest , are an important buffer against global warming and a haven for a staggering diversity of wildlife including critically endangered orangutans , tigers and rhinos . But they are being cleared faster than in any other country , swelling the profits of paper and palm oil conglomerates while causing chronic social and environmental problems . Rapid forest loss and greenhouse gas emissions have made Indonesia the fourth biggest contributor to global warming after China , the U.S. and India .
The country 's emissions soared in 2015 when record dry season fires , worsened by draining of swampy peatland forests for plantations and El Nino weather conditions , burned 10,000 square miles ( 25,900 square kilometres ) of plantations and forests . The smoke blanketed much of Indonesia , Singapore , Malaysia and southern Thailand in health-damaging haze .
Greenpeace ‘ s investigation , which included analysis of satellite imagery , showed that two companies connected to Sinarmas cleared almost 8,000 hectares ( 19,770 acres ) of forest and peatland on Borneo during the five years it was advising the conglomerate on forest conservation . Its Asia Pulp & Paper arm acknowledged that employees had been shareholders of one of the plantation companies . Sinarmas ' direct ownership of the second plantation company named by Greenpeace is a matter of public record .
The investigation followed AP stories in December that found extensive links between Sinarmas , its pulp and paper and forestry arms and nearly all the 27 plantation wood suppliers it had told the outside world were independent , apparently trying to greenwash its image . Most of the wood suppliers were based in Sinarmas offices and owned by employees of the Sinarmas group and in some cases former employees .
Separately , a group of 13 global and Indonesian environmental and civil society organizations including WWF and Indonesia Corruption Watch on Wednesday released a report of their own investigation into the ownership of Sinarmas wood suppliers , which found they are largely owned by current and former employees of the conglomerate .
It also said Sinarmas controls sizeable land that was n't included in the zero deforestation commitment made by its Asia Pulp & Paper and Sinarmas Forestry arms in 2013 as part of the agreement with Greenpeace .
The Bonn , Germany-based forest council 's letter said the “ pattern of using corporate proxies to control operations without legal ownership is very alarming . ”
The letter said “ these proxies and agents are considered directly linked ” to the Sinarmas empire , which will be held “ responsible for remedying violations committed by these proxies . ”
Entertainment of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : enewsgh.com
2017-01-02
Joey B at # MUSELive16
You x Me star Joey B rocked audiences at the MUSE Live Africa Concert at the World Trade Centre in Accra .
Joey has had a magical 2016 with the performance of songs of his upcoming 89 album , and hopes to continue with the momentum .
# MUSELive16 saw performances from rappers Haywaya , Ko-jo Cue , Feli Nuna , Tee Phlow , DJ Mic Smith , MzVee , and Medikal .
Hosted by Live FM 's Antoine Mensah , the event also paraded a brilliant lineup including Eugy Official , Maleek Berry , Kwamz & Flava , among other surprise acts that treated patrons to exciting performances of their hits over the years .
YFM 's Vision DJ , Mic Smith , Starr FM 's Vyrusky and Nii Ayi Tagoe were entrusted with the turntables , and a party aerosphere was established .
BOSTON ( AP ) — The Latest on sentencing in the 2012 meningitis outbreak ( all times local ) :
12:20 a.m .
The pharmacist convicted in connection with a deadly meningitis outbreak has tearfully apologized to the victims for the pain and suffering they endured .
Glenn Chin sobbed as he struggled through his statement during his sentencing hearing in Boston 's federal courthouse on Wednesday .
Chin said he has prayed every day for the people who were impacted by the outbreak . Chin says he understands that many of the victims will never forgive him , but said he will continue to pray that they will `` find some sort of peace . ''
Chin was convicted in October of fraud and racketeering , but cleared of second-degree murder . Prosecutors are seeking 35 years behind bars , while the defense is urging the judge for a three-year sentence .
___
11:45 a.m .
Victims of the 2012 meningitis outbreak and their family members are describing the pain and suffering they experienced because of the contaminated drugs .
The victims spoke Wednesday during the sentencing hearing in federal court in Boston for pharmacist Glenn Chin , who was convicted of racketeering and mail fraud for his role in the nationwide outbreak .
The Massachusetts man was cleared in October of second-degree murder under federal racketeering law .
Colette Rybinski choked back tears as she described watching her 55-year-old husband deteriorate mentally and physically after being injected with a mold-tainted steroid .
She urged the judge to punish Chin severely , saying he ignored plenty of warning signs that the drugs were unsafe .
Prosecutors are seeking a 35-year-sentence for Chin . Chin 's lawyers are asking for about three years behind bars .
___
12 a.m .
A Massachusetts pharmacist convicted of mail fraud and racketeering in connection with a deadly meningitis outbreak is set to be sentenced .
Prosecutors in Boston 's federal court will ask a judge Wednesday to sentence Glenn Chin to 35 years in prison for his role in the 2012 outbreak that killed 76 people and sickened hundreds .
Chin was cleared in October of second-degree murder charges , but convicted on dozens of other counts . Chin ran the now-closed New England Compounding Center 's clean rooms , where the drugs were made .
The outbreak was traced to mold-contaminated steroid injections .
Chin 's attorneys are asking for about three years behind bars . They say there 's no evidence Chin caused the drugs to become contaminated and have blamed the pharmacy 's co-founder , Barry Cadden .
Cadden is serving a nine-year prison sentence .
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Two defendants in the criminal trial stemming from the deadly 2016 fire at the Ghost Ship warehouse and art collective in Oakland , California are expected to accept plea deals resulting in less than 10 years apiece in prison , the East Bay Times reports . Last year , both pled not guilty to 36 charges of involuntary manslaughter .
Derick Almena , who 's been described as the Ghost Ship collective 's “ creative director ” and the warehouse 's “ master tenant , ” will accept a plea deal resulting in nine years in prison , while Max Harris , described as the collective 's “ executive director , ” will accept a deal for six , according to an email sent from the Alameda County district attorney to the families of victims . Both men are scheduled to appear in court tomorrow ( July 3 ) , avoiding a trial that had been set for July 16 . They 're expected to serve their time at a county jail , rather than state prison .
The December 2 , 2016 fire at the Ghost Ship warehouse killed 36 people attending a dance party for electronic label 100 % Silk . Though the warehouse was zoned as a commercial space , Almena is accused of allowing multiple people to live there and of refitting the building with additions , such a flight of homemade wooden stairs , in violation of city code . The family of the warehouse owner has said that Almena told them no one was living in the building .
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail :
Country : Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below , I acknowledge and agree to Penton 's Terms of Service and to Penton 's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton 's or its third-party partners ' products , services , events and research opportunities . Penton 's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton 's Privacy Policy .
Mishka Kapoor an eighth-grade National Junior Honor Society Student at Madison Middle School , is hosting a Kicks for Kindness soccer fundraiser Sunday at Madison Middle School 's soccer field . First Selectman Tim Herbst will serve as the goalie . For $ 5 , participants can take three shots on goal . The event is open to all students .
“ At a time in our world and communities where tensions are high , I believe it is critical for community members to act locally to promote kindness and caring ” Mishka said .
Kick for Kindness will raise funds for Ben 's Bells , a non-profit organization with a mission to “ inspire , educate , and motivate people to realize the impact of intentional kindness , and to empower individuals to act according to that awareness , thereby strengthening our relationships , our communities and ourselves . ”
The effort is part of Mishka 's community service project for the National Junior Honor Society .
Kick for Kindness takes place from 12:30 to 1:30 p.m. Herbst said Mishka was an example of the talent and character of students in Trumbull .
“ It is wonderful to see young people taking a stake in their community , ” he said . “ I am very happy to be teaming up with her to raise money for a wonderful organization . ”
The entire community is invited to attend Kick for Kindness . For more information , call 203-452-5005
ALAMEDA , Calif. — The Oakland Raiders have signed free agent quarterback Josh Johnson to compete for the backup position .
The team also officially announced the signing of cornerback Shareece Wright on Monday . Wright said last week he had agreed to join the Raiders .
Wright spent last season in Buffalo , where he had one interception and five passes defenced in 12 games .
Johnson is an Oakland native and was drafted by Tampa Bay in Raiders coach Jon Gruden 's last season there in 2008 . Johnson has spent time with 10 teams and started five games . He has completed 96 of 177 passes for 1,042 yards , five touchdowns and 10 interceptions and a 57.7 passer rating .
Johnson has n't thrown a pass in the NFL since 2011 and will compete with Connor Cook to become Derek Carr 's backup .
——
More AP NFL : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Already , YouTube has said it will begin to manually vet videos before they can be added to its top tier Preferred ad program . It has also changed its creator partnership requirements , with creators now having to accrue 4,000 hours of watchtime over the last 12 months and 1,000 subscribers before they can make money from their content . Additionally , Google is working to build up its content review team to 10,000 people . Along with new consequences for creators , Wojcicki said that throughout the year YouTube will focus on being more transparent , providing new ways for creators to make money , giving viewers more ways to engage with video content and investing in learning and education .
It 's good that YouTube is taking more responsibility over what is published on its platform , but while Logan Paul is the latest creator to step over the line , he 's certainly not the first . Let 's not forget Pewdiepie and the numerous awful things he 's said online . The point is , Paul is n't a singular circumstance , there 's been a pattern building for years , and YouTube should 've taken a more active role long before Paul was able to post that wildly disrespectful video . It will be interesting to see what sorts of consequences YouTube lays out for creators going forward .
`` As YouTube grows , I want to remain focused on our mission to give everyone a voice and show them the world , '' said Wojcicki . `` It 's my commitment in 2018 to ensure we do this responsibly , with greater openness , smarter policies , more engaging products , more revenue for creators , and a higher emphasis on learning and education . ''
MAQUOKETA , Iowa ( AP ) — Authorities say a teacher who showed up drunk at his eastern Iowa classroom has lost his teaching license for two years .
Source : LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
MIAMI ( AP ) — What are the latest cruise trends ? Have Caribbean ports recovered post-hurricane ? What about the old saying that cruises are for the `` overfed , the newlywed and the nearly dead '' ?
Three experts discussed these issues and more Jan. 4 in Miami aboard the Seabourn Sojourn . The panel was taped for The Associated Press ' `` Get Outta Here ! '' podcast . Panelists were CruiseCritic.com 's Carolyn Spencer Brown , Miami Herald business editor Jane Wooldridge and Carnival Corp. CEO Arnold Donald , chairman of the Cruise Lines International Association .
The experts said small ships are booming , but a number of new large ships debut this year , too , reflecting demand .
They also said Caribbean ports impacted by hurricanes have reopened .
As for cruise stereotypes , today 's ships have healthy eating and fitness options , and millennials are showing interest in cruising .
BB Naija 's Tboss Dazzles In New Photos
Following the completion of the 2017 edition of the Big Brother Naija Realtiy TV Show , there have been several controversies surrounding housemates with Tboss , Thin Tall Tony , Bisola and Uriel being most named in dramas . However , away from the drama , Tboss , a runner-up in the competition took to her page to share new photos…
The post BB Naija 's Tboss Dazzles In New Photos appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Congress is ratcheting up political pressure on Facebook after reports that a political data analytics firm employed by President Donald Trump 's 2016 campaign received personal data and information from up to 50 million profiles on the popular social networking site .
Lawmakers involved in congressional investigations into Russian election interference have renewed interest in the platform , calling for top company leaders to testify on Capitol Hill and more scrutiny of safeguards meant to protect user data .
“ I think it 's time for the CEO , Mr. [ Mark ] Zuckerberg , and other top officials to come and testify and not tell part of the story , but tell the whole story of their involvement -- not only with the Trump campaign but their ability to have their platform misused by the Russians , ” Sen. Mark Warner , D-Va. , the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , told ABC News .
“ These tech platforms .... need to be more forthcoming or Washington is going to start imposing rules and regulations that may not fit , ” he warned .
Sens . Amy Klobuchar , D-Minn. , and John Kennedy , R-La. , members of the Senate Judiciary Committee , wrote to chairman Chuck Grassley requesting a hearing with social media company CEO 's , including Zuckerberg .
On Saturday , The New York Times and The Observer of London reported that the data firm , Cambridge Analytica , mined data from millions of Facebook users -- largely without permission -- through an app created by a Russian-American psychologist , with the goal of using the data to create voter profiles and craft political messages .
Facebook did not publicly acknowledge the possible data breach until the report surfaced over the weekend , and did not notify users that their information had been obtained by a third party .
Cambridge Analytica has denied improperly obtaining any data , said they destroyed the unauthorized data as soon as they learned of it and said none of the information was used in its work 2016 presidential campaign work .
On Monday , Facebook announced that it had hired a digital forensics firm , Stroz Friedberg , to audit Cambridge Analytica and sweep the firm 's servers and systems to confirm that the tranche of Facebook data had been destroyed after acknowledging reports that the data may still exist .
“ We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims . We remain committed to vigorously enforcing our policies to protect people 's information , ” the company said in a statement .
Facebook has turned over records to investigators with special counsel Robert Mueller 's team and the company has said it is cooperating .
AP
Rep. Adam Schiff , D-Calif. , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , has invited Christopher Wylie , the former Cambridge Analytica contractor who first spoke with The Times and The Observer , to appear for an interview with his staff . He said Democrats have also invited the Russian-American researcher Alexandr Kogan , to appear for an interview .
Cambridge Analytica provided documents to the House Intelligence Committee about its work with the Trump campaign last year . The panel also interviewed CEO Alexander Nix over video conference from a Washington law office instead of in person at the Capitol , a move that frustrated committee Democrats . Nix was questioned about the firm 's work with the Trump campaign .
“ We need to bring [ Nix ] back . I also think we need to bring in the other witnesses from Cambridge Analytica that we had asked the majority to previously [ agree to ] , ” Schiff said , referencing Democrats ' calls for interviews with other Cambridge Analytica executives and GOP donor Rebekah Mercer , whose father Robert helped create the political data firm .
Photo Illustration by Jaap Arriens/NurPhoto via Getty Images
Facebook has already faced scrutiny and calls for regulation in Washington amid investigations into Russian efforts to disrupt the election using fake news and political ads disseminated on the platform and other social media sites .
Lawmakers , including Warner and Klobuchar , have called for tighter regulations of online political ads and greater disclosure requirements , which Facebook and other tech companies have resisted .
The company has also worked to improve its image in Washington in recent months : Chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg traveled to Washington last fall to meet with congressional leaders in October amid the House and Senate Intelligence Committee investigations into Russian election meddling .
Sports News of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-01-02
Ghana forward Andre Ayew
Ghana players in England will be playing with cautious on Monday as any long-term can wreck their Africa Cup of Nations plans .
As many as four players bound for Gabon for the tournament will be in action in the Premier League and Championship .
Andre Ayew will be involved in West Ham United 's clash at the Olympic Stadium in London against in-form Manchester United .
His younger brother Jordan will be relied upon when Aston Villa travel to Cardiff City in the Championship .
Christian Atsu is set to start for Newcastle United who play Blackburn Rovers on the road .
Barnsley 's Andy Yiadom , who is tipped to be named Ghana 's squad , will be involved against Nottingham Forest .
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairman of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration .
In an interview with NPR on Monday , Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating his tiny agency , which has only advisory power .
`` We 've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box , and we could n't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in , '' Shaub said . His office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload .
But while citizens , journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations , Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee , which has the power to investigate ethics questions , particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration .
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz , a Utah Republican , has `` authority to investigate these things and compel responses , so hopefully we 'll see some action from him , '' Shaub said .
`` OGE , however , has no investigative authority , so we 're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly , '' he said .
Chaffetz ' office said he had no comment .
The New York Times , in collaboration with ProPublica , published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists , lawyers and consultants , and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website .
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues , the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints .
How big is the jump in public contacts , such as calls , letters and emails ? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009 , as the Obama presidency was taking shape , the OGE got 733 contacts .
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period , it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent .
Comparing those same two time periods , the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39 . That 's an increase of 618 percent .
Shaub said that , for example , when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends , the public outcry and media interest rocketed up .
`` When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump 's product line , our phones rang off the hook , and they practically melted the system , '' he said . `` This is a level of attention that we have n't seen before in terms of public interest . ''
Shaub said Trump is correct when he says , as he did back in January , that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest . `` I have a no-conflict situation because I 'm president , '' Trump said at the press conference . He added , `` I did n't know about that until about three months ago , but it 's a nice thing to have . ''
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of his administration , though . Those are the ones keeping Shaub 's small staff busy , according to the director .
`` When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency , the best they can do is log the calls , '' he said .
The statistical analysis , comparing the Obama and Trump eras , have not previously been released . Shaub says his office is `` understaffed right now , '' compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests , coming mostly from Democrats . `` I 've never seen anything like this , '' he said .
Still , the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face . Other routine business , such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines , has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers , he said .
Leicester City transfer news recap : Pereira latest , Sowah 's City dream – Leicester Mercury
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
Roddy White is one of the best players in the history of the Atlanta Falcons but he was n't even the most famous member of his traveling party during Super Bowl weekend . As part of a discussion on the “ We Never Played The Game ” podcast with Jeff Schultz and Zach Klein , White revealed that he lost $ 40,000 betting on the Falcons in the game and that , of course , did not sit well . However , White also shed a bit of light on Charles Barkley 's activities surrounding Super Bowl LI , including a $ 100,000 lost wager on Atlanta while taking in the spectacle live from Mandalay Bay .
“ Charles is down there and we 're having fun , ” White said . “ He 's like ‘ I just bet $ 100K on the Falcons . ' I was like , ‘ Do n't worry , just get your chips ready . Everything 's gon na be great . ' ”
The interview goes in a number of different directions , including the fact that White lost $ 60,000 playing blackjack in Las Vegas before the game even kicked off . That was actually the impetus behind White not journeying to Houston for the festivities on site and , in retrospect , many Falcons fans probably wish they had not made the trek .
Still , the mere factoid that Barkley dropped six-figures on one side in the Super Bowl is both riveting and wholly unsurprising . LeBron James famously shed light on some of Barkley 's previous activities in Las Vegas and he is known for placing a wager or two of substantial amounts both on various events and at the tables .
An interview that included the nugget that Roddy White probably “ would 've fought ” Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan for bad play-calling should be heard in full at the very least . In the same breath , the Falcons imploded in a way we 've never seen before on the game 's biggest stage and neither White nor Barkley are quite as wealthy as a result . We can officially add that to the list of carnage created by what was an epic meltdown in every sense of the word .
# warriors fans in China rocking some old school classics . pic.twitter.com/3EXIpFFZck — Larry Beil ( @ LarryBeilABC7 ) October 3 , 2017
# warriors center JaVale McGee making new friends in China . pic.twitter.com/6fPubAutwZ — Larry Beil ( @ LarryBeilABC7 ) October 3 , 2017
The Golden State Warriors are the hottest ticket in town this week in China.About $ 1,300 for courtside seats to see the Warriors play the Minnesota Timberwolves in Shenzhen.Former Bay Area residents who now call Beijing home made a huge effort to see their favorite team place in their new home.From a coaching perspective , a week in China is a less than ideal way to prepare for a season.But Coach Steve Kerr sees the NBA 's global vision and the role the warriors play in that mission .
Answering the outcry from some customers about the recent higher than normal storm restoration fee , Entergy said Friday the fee actually saves their customers money in the long run .
The fee , coupled with high utility usage during recent cold snaps , has resulted in sticker shock for many customers as they opened their most recent bill . Entergy says it has some of the lowest electricity rates in the nation , but the company frequently enjoys a healthy profit , taking in a $ 398 million in the third quarter of 2017 alone , up from a $ 388 million profit in the same quarter of 2016 .
The company said Friday it 's working with customers who currently have high bills to set up payment arrangements that could allow them more time to pay . In some cases , that might mean a few extra days , but it could also mean spreading payments over several months . A recording at Entergy 's toll-free customer service line Friday afternoon said the current wait time to speak to someone about payment arrangements exceeded 20 minutes .
The storm restoration fee is assessed on the monthly bills of Entergy customers across Louisiana and go up or down depending on monthly usage , the company said .
RELATED : Entergy customers caught off guard by extra charge
Tony Martin , an Entergy customer from Tangipahoa Parish , said Thursday he usually pays about $ 7 per month for the fee , but it jumped up to more than $ 25 on his latest bill . “ Where is all the money going to ? ” he asked .
Entergy says the fee covers the replacement of power lines and poles after catastrophic storms , such as Hurricanes Katrina and Gustav . Entergy does not pay for insurance on their poles and lines , saying the cost for that type of insurance is extremely high and would actually result in higher monthly rates for its customers . Instead , when catastrophic storms hit the state , Entergy says it recoups the money it spends to replace damaged lines by collecting the storm restoration fee from customers .
The Louisiana Public Service Commission ( PSC ) agrees insurance would be too costly and has approved the fee . The PSC says it regularly audits Entergy to make sure the money being collected is being properly used . PSC Commissioner Dr. Craig Greene said this week the commission has started instructing all power companies in the state to put more money in reserve for such emergencies .
Entergy Customer Service Director Sheila Pounders says Entergy does have a “ rainy day fund , ” but it quickly becomes depleted during catastrophic events . The current Entergy storm restoration fee covers damages caused during Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 , Ike and Gustav in 2008 , and Isaac in 2012 . The fees related to Katrina and Rita are due to drop off bills later this year . That will reduce the fee by about half , Entergy says . The fees related to Ike and Gustav are set to expire in 2022 and Isaac fees are set to expire in 2026 , unless they are paid off sooner .
Pounder says Entergy is currently “ working with customers to provide them with personalized payment arrangements ” for consumption during the recent below-freezing temperatures . Customers wishing to set up payment arrangements can call the company at 1-800-ENTERGY ( 1-800-368-3749 ) .
Assistance for low-income customers is also available through various Council on Aging offices and a federally-funded program known as the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program ( LIHEAP ) .
EBR Council on Aging Director Tasha Clark-Amar says their office works in conjunction with the Salvation Army to assist some households with up to $ 600 per year in utility expenses . She says funding is currently available for those who qualify . Amar says those wanting to apply must provide certain items , such as proof of financial hardship and a disconnect notice from a utility company . More information on the EBR Parish program can be found here or by calling 225-923-8000 .
Entergy offered the following internet links for customers needing assistance with paying bills :
Help with paying your bill | Bill and payment options
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
Bullion van driver , police officer die in road accident
A bullion van driver and a police officer lost their lives in an accident in Jos on Wednesday , when the van collided with a truck loaded with soft drinks .
Newsmen report that three other persons , who sustained injuries , were rushed to the Bingham University Teaching Hospital , Jos .
The accident , which occurred around 5.30 pm along the Polo-Gada Biyu route , caused a heavy traffic gridlock as fear-stricken motorists and pedestrians scampered to safety with the arrival of fierce-looking security officers to guard the van .
Mr Andrew Bala , FRSC Public Education Officer , who spoke with newsmen on the incident , confirmed the death of the two people .
He also confirmed that the three injured persons had been taken to hospital .
“ FRSC personnel are already at the scene to clear the road and ease traffic flow , ” he said .
Mr Terna Tyopev , Public Relations Officer of the Plateau Command , also confirmed the accident , but said that further details were not ready .
“ I can not tell you much about the casualties because were are still gathering information , ” he said .
The post Bullion van driver , police officer die in road accident appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
VANCOUVER - A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver .
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday .
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when she lost control of her bike , jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place .
She was treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene .
Her name has not been released .
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences to his crew member 's family and friends .
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences for the death of his crew member .
“ We 're heartbroken , shocked and devastated ... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment , '' wrote Reynolds on social media . `` My heart pours out to them .... ''
Deadline.com reports that the stunt driver , who was not wearing a helmet , was a motocross rider who was doing her first film as a stunt performer .
`` We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2this morning , '' 20th Century Fox spokesman told Deadline . `` Our hearts and prayers are with the family , friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time . ''
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower . Vancouver police have taped off the area .
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place . Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks . Non responsive . @ WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree ( @ jerfree ) August 14 , 2017
WorkSafeBC says they have five officers investigating .
Two officers are investigating to see if there are any immediate health or safety concerns , while three other officers are investigating the cause of the fatality and future prevention , said WorkSafeBC spokeswoman Trish Knight Chernecki .
Findings on any immediate health or safety concerns could be available within several days , while the investigation on the cause usually takes longer , said Chernecki .
Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash .
She ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with her body inside and her head outside the building .
Glass was still falling on the woman , Kermalli said .
“ I was thinking , what if I was just five seconds ( later ) , ” she said , explaining that she had just walked by the spot where the crash happened .
Allan Webber was among those who came to the accident scene to watch as investigators assessed the scene then uprighted the stunt bike with its crumpled front tire .
`` It 's like a cursed corner , '' Webber said of the area , noting that just the day before the crash , one man died and two were injured in a bus accident down the street , and in 2013 , actor Cory Monteith died in a neighbouring hotel .
Webber said he had previously watched the stuntwoman successfully complete a ride down Thurlow Street .
Nathan Kramchynski works on the seventh floor of the Shaw Tower and said he had been watching rehearsals of the stunt at the Vancouver Convention Centre .
The stunt woman had been riding the motorcycle down a set of stairs from the convention centre and stopped when she reached the street , he said .
When the accident happened , the driver appeared to pick up speed , crossed the street and swerved to avoid pedestrians before disappearing from his view , said Kramchynski .
“ She lost control really quickly . It happened in a split second , ” he said . “ She was going full throttle and then there 's a building there . ”
He said a fire truck and police cars arrived “ instantly . ”
“ The response was actually incredible , ” he said .
The ambulance remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving , he added .
According to Global News , whose TV crew witnessed the accident , the rider successfully completed the stunt four times but on the fifth try she encountered trouble with the throttle and lost control of the bike .
Deadpool 2 , the sequel to the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster from 20th Century Fox starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds , has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26 . The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters .
Domino , a female character played by actress Zazie Beetz , was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street . It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday 's accident .
Jason Cameron , a business agent with the Union of B.C . Performers said it 's not known if the stunt woman was one of their members .
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors , stunt performers , singers , and voice actors .
“ We 're waiting for more information to come in . We would have had members on set , ” said Cameron .
He said a union representative headed out to the set after hearing news of the accident . Trauma counselling will be available , he said .
Cameron said despite today 's tragic accident , performing stunts is very safe .
“ The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way , ” he said .
“ These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time . ( Accidents are ) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed . It 's exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level . ”
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a “ stunt-heavy ” production .
It 's not the first tragedy to hit the B.C . film industry .
In 1998 , local stuntman Marc Akerstream was killed when he was struck in the head by a piece of flying debris while observing an explosion on the Squamish set of the TV show The Crow : Stairway to Heaven .
Two years earlier in Squamish , 32-year-old Vancouver stuntman Keith Perepelkin died on the set of the movie Firestorm , after his parachute failed to open during a jump from a helicopter .
Last month in Atlanta , stuntman John Bernecker died on the set of The Walking Dead after he fell head-first onto concrete instead of on padding meant to cushion his roughly 7-metre fall from a balcony . His death was believed to be the first stunt-related fatality on U.S. soil in 20 years .
Meanwhile , in May of 2016 , Hollywood actor Dylan O'Brien suffered a concussion and multiple facial fractures after a stunt went wrong on the set of Maze Runner : The Death Cure in Cache Creek .
WorkSafeBC put the blame for O'Brien 's injuries squarely on 20th Century Fox , saying the production company `` failed ” to ensure the safety of workers on the Maze Runner set .
Monday 's crash occurred just metres away from the site of Sunday 's fatal bus accident . A charter tour bus loaded with passengers hit three people — killing one and injuring two others — on Canada Place Way , between the Convention Centre and Canada Place .
Deadpool 2 is scheduled to be released in theatres on June 1 , 2018 .
With files from Gord Hoekstra , Matt Robinson , The Canadian Press and The Associated Press
sbrown @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Browniescott
SEGUIN TWP . — Mark Stivrins wants to be Seguin 's mayor .
The local businessperson and property owner filed his nomination papers May 29 after noting his perspective differs from those of the two candidates already on record .
“ I just felt it was worthwhile to offer a local alternative of somebody who 's grown up here , worked here every day , is here everyday , ” said Stivrins . “ And still has a future family to grow up in this area — I 'd still like to see a focus on being able to do that . ”
Stivrins first ran for a councillor position in 2003 before putting his name on the ballot for the mayor 's seat in 2006 and 2010 . He sat out the 2014 election after moving to Muskoka .
He 's concerned with the potential regulations meant to control behaviour on private property being brought forward in , what he sees , as the guise of protecting the environment . Regulations , he said , such as a defeated clean yard bylaw and a new enhanced noise bylaw around a Muskoka Lake near Seguin 's border , would make the township more difficult to live in and enjoy .
“ In the official plan , under the Recreational Carrying Capacity , the line that says they may restrict public access to the water to help with the recreational carrying capacity and I 'm just concerned … the ( other mayoral candidates ) may end up doing that , where for me I 'm more focused on the proper operation of the township , focused on keeping our roads up , our services well , and letting people continue to live and play here without constantly having to check the rule book to make sure they are n't breaking something , ” he said .
The portion of the official plan cited is under B . 3.3 and reads in full : c ) in order to minimize the impact of development on the recreational carrying capacity of a lake , the Municipality may impose limitations on the size of docks , public access to the lake or seek voluntary restrictions on the power of boats using the lake . ”
While he opposes a lakewide quiet zone imposed in part due to cottage rentals , he is supportive of some control on commercial cottage rentals .
“ I believe there is a difference between someone renting for a weekend or two throughout the summer versus someone who purchased a cottage specifically for the purpose of turning it into a business , ” he said , suggesting a licence or registry could work .
That does n't mean he supports regulating businesses across the board . He 's like to make it easier for businesses to open outside of set commercial areas in order to create jobs .
James Bond-Like Villain in $ 2 Million Bitcoin Heist Caught in Amsterdam
Amsterdam police have announced the re-arrest of Sindri Thor Stefansson . He was initially arrested days ago in Iceland in connection with a bitcoin hardware mining caper that included 600 computers worth $ 2 million . In a James Bond-like villain move , after his first capture he managed to escape , reportedly hitching a ride on a plane carrying Iceland 's prime minister .
Also read : Bitcoin in Brief Thursday : ICO Scares Investors with Ghost Prank
Bond-Like Bitcoin Villain Re-Arrested
Mr. Stefansson , after have absconded , wrote to a popular online site to plead his case . “ I simply refuse to be in prison of my own free will , ” he explained to Frettabladid , “ especially when the police threaten to arrest me without explanation . I 'm not trying to say that it was the right decision to leave , I really regret it…I did n't expect an international arrest warrant to be issued against me , as I was legally free to leave , and believed it was out of the question that I would be labelled a fugitive . I would never have done this if I did n't believe I was a free man . ”
It 's something straight out of a movie . Media outlets are claiming Sindri Thor Stefansson to be a “ mastermind ” . He , at the very least , was implicated recently in a major crime for the country of Iceland : $ 2 million in computer mining hardware is missing , believed to be part of an elaborate theft conspiracy , involving a gang of 11 others including Mr. Stefansson 's wife .
Mr. Stefansson escaped what local press refers to as “ low-security ” confinement after first being arrested . He was held in Sogn , an open prison 59 miles from the country 's international airport ( 95 km ) . It 's so loose it does n't have a fence , and detainees can even surf the net .
Thought He Could Avoid Capture Indefinitely
The mastermind slipped out through a window . He somehow later made it to the airport , procuring a flight boarding pass under an assumed name ( though he paid with his own debit card ) , and managed to put himself on a flight to Sweden carrying Iceland 's prime minister , Katrín Jakobsdóttir . He was n't discovered missing by guards until well after the plane was airbound . An international warrant was soon issued for Mr. Stefansson .
The Big Bitcoin Heist , as it has been tagged on the frozen island , involved bitcoin mining rigs grabbed in conjunction with four data center break-ins . Iceland has become a magnet for crypto miners due to relatively cheap electricity and its cold climes , helping the notoriously overheated instruments cool as they mine .
Mr. Stefansson 's unorthodox public letter while on the run insisted he could remain elusive to authorities for “ as long as I like ” . Dutch police disagreed , arresting him downtown without incident and are presently arranging for his extradition back to Iceland .
Do you think bitcoin mining rigs present a lucrative target to thieves ? Let us know in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock . Dutch police .
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings ? Check our tools section .
The post James Bond-Like Villain in $ 2 Million Bitcoin Heist Caught in Amsterdam appeared first on Bitcoin News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HONOLULU , United States — An autistic high school student raped a classmate while the adult assigned to monitor him was taking a nap , said a federal lawsuit accusing Hawaii 's statewide school district of negligence .
The autistic student had a full-time one-on-one aide because he was known to be violent , the lawsuit filed Monday said . The aide was asleep when the 2012 attack happened during Pearl City High School band practice , the lawsuit said .
ADVERTISEMENT
READ : Rape charge exposes sexual ‘ tradition ' in top US school
The Associated Press does n't typically name victims of sexual assault . The 10th-grade girl was in the back of the band at the percussion section when the larger 11th-grader raped her there and then again in a curtained area of the auditorium .
The aide was sleeping in the audience section of the auditorium , the lawsuit said .
State Department of Education spokeswoman Donalyn Dela Cruz declined to comment on pending litigation . Kyle Miyashiro , who was a vice principal at the time and is named as a defendant , referred questions to the school 's principal who did n't immediately respond Tuesday . The aide , Bryan Simpson , is also named as a defendant and no longer works at the school , Miyashiro said . Simpson could n't be reached for comment .
The girl reported the rape to her mother and police , said her attorney Peter Hsieh . The autistic student was prosecuted in family court and convicted of two counts of first-degree sexual assault , Hsieh said .
READ : Sex case puts spotlight on rape culture at US campuses
“ She dropped out of high school . She could n't finish because of what happened to her , ” Hsieh said . But she later earned a GED diploma and is now studying bioengineering at the University of Hawaii , he said .
“ She 's basically turned an adverse situation as a motivator for her , ” he said , adding that it was her decision to pursue a civil lawsuit .
In a separate , similar case , a jury last year determined that the Department of Education failed to protect a special education student who said she was raped by a special education classmate at Waianae High School . The jury awarded the girl and her mother about $ 810,000 in damages , but the state appealed . The case is before the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , said Hsieh , who also handled that case .
The two lawsuits send a “ loud message that there is a lack of proper training and supervision of teachers , aides and assistants , ” Hsieh said , “ especially when it comes to children who have a history of violence. ” CBB
Download English News App and stay updated with all Latest News .
For News in English , follow us on
VIDEO : Zafi B – See My Baby ft. Maleek Berry
Nigeria Today
Whilst juggling her university studies in Broadcast Media and working on her debut EP , the pint-sized teenage songstress Zafi B returns with a brand-new video for her summer anthem 'See My Baby ' which features prolific producer and singer-songwriter …
and more »
BILLINGS , Mont . — New trails , fishing sites and other recreational features will be built along Montana 's Yellowstone River as compensation for damage from an Exxon Mobil Corp. pipeline spill , under a plan approved Wednesday by the governor .
The 63,000 gallon ( 238,474 litre ) oil spill in 2011 near Laurel damaged thousands of acres along an 85-mile stretch of the famous waterway and required a months-long cleanup .
Exxon in 2016 agreed to pay $ 12 million for environmental damage , including about $ 2.3 million for lost recreational opportunities .
The recreation plan includes 19 projects in Laurel and Billings , which is located just downstream of the spill site and is Montana 's largest city .
Gov . Steve Bullock says the projects due to receive money will improve public access to a river that plays a major role in Montana 's $ 7 billion outdoor recreation economy .
“ I do n't want to look backward at some of the frustrations we had seven years ago but can certainly look forward to what we 've got next , ” Bullock said . “ These are legacy projects , projects that will make a difference long after we 're around . ”
Montana Attorney General Tim Fox , whose office helped negotiate the settlement with Exxon , said the recreation plan was the work of local officials and residents intent on restoring the river to its natural state .
Exxon reported spending an estimated $ 135 million on cleanup and repair work following the spill . The company has also paid $ 2.6 million to resolve federal safety and state pollution violations .
The accident occurred on a pipeline installed just a few feet beneath the riverbed , sparking a national discussion over the adequacy of safety rules for thousands of pipelines crossing beneath waterways .
In the years since the Yellowstone spill and at the urging of safety regulators , oil and pipeline companies , including Exxon , have re-installed some lines at greater depths to reduce the risk of accidents .
There still are no regulatory mandates for lines to be deeply buried . In 2015 , another shallow pipeline broke and spilled 30,000 gallons ( 113,559 litres ) further downstream along the Yellowstone near the town of Glendive .
Overseas scholarship no longer sustainable —PTDF boss
By Grace Udofia
Executive Secretary of Petroleum Technology Development Fund , PTDF , Dr Bello Gusau , has said that plans were underway to domesticate its training and capacity building programmes .
According to him , the current scholarship arrangement which is disproportionately focused on Overseas Scholarship Scheme , was no longer sustainable and therefore , needed to be reversed .
Gusau , who disclosed this in Abuja during an interactive session with Vice Chancellors of Federal Universities in Nigeria , discussed the new strategic agenda that will govern the training and capacity building programmes of the Fund .
He explained that the bulk of the scholarship to be offered , going forward , would be for training in Nigerian universities .
“ This meeting and interactive session with the Vice Chancellors is to agree on relevant terms as well as gather sufficient information that will assist the Fund in the planning and implementation process . Let me clearly state it that the fund has not completely jettisoned the overseas scholarship programmes , as it will continue to sponsor few candidates overseas especially for courses that are not offered in Nigerian universities and through partnership agreements with select foreign universities .
“ At the centre of the agenda is the domestication of all PTDF training and capacity building programmes , with the implication that Nigerian universities will now play a greater role in the process as partners and major stakeholders . ”
“ At the moment , PTDF has decided that there will be no more undergraduate Overseas Scholarships . All undergraduate programmes for sponsorship by PTDF will now be done in Nigerian universities . For the post graduate programmes , the bulk of that for both the Masters and PhD 's will be done in Nigerian universities . We are also open to collaboration especially through the split-site PhD programme ” .
In his reaction , Executive Secretary , National Universities Commission , NUC , Professor Abubakar Rasheed welcomed the initiative by PTDF , which he said tallies with the vision to collectively reform post graduate training in Nigeria .
The post Overseas scholarship no longer sustainable —PTDF boss appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Sunday , 1 January 2017
Source : Myjoyonline.com
Reverend Dr Kwabena Opuni-Frimpong
The Christian Council has urged Ghanaians to be bold in handling the challenges and opportunities that would come in 2017 .
The Council 's General Secretary , Reverend Dr Kwabena Opuni-Frimpong , in a New Year message noted that progress would be assured when situations faced by Ghanaians are handled with a balanced character .
He thanked God for the “ peace and tranquility in 2016 , ” entreating national confidence to be built by instituting the right programmes .
On December 31 , Ghanaians across the country joined the world to usher in 2017 amidst fireworks and church activities .
Prayers were offered to the leadership of the country and the incoming President , Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo by Ghanaians .
Rev Opuni-Frimpong wants Ghanaians to seek hope within and not outside themselves . “ We must pay attention to the potentials within us that must be identified and developed . ”
He cited scripture in Exodus 4:2 to stress the gift Ghanaians have . “ We have a rod in our hands and as such we must build confidence in ourselves and work hard towards making our state institutions , private sector and other sectors of the economy work much more efficiently . ”
The clergyman said the confidence of Ghanaians would be bolstered when the incoming New Patriotic Party ( NPP ) government fulfills promises made to the people in the course of the 2016 campaign .
“ For instance the new government 's promise to build a factory in every district and also build dams in villages in the three Northern regions can not gain the needed impact if Ghanaians have no confidence in the quality of the products from the factories or produce from our own farms . ”
He called for pragmatic steps to be taken by government to brighten the future of Ghanaian youth , charging security agencies , and Judiciary to work at winning the trust and confidence of the population .
Rev . Dr Opuni-Frimpong implored Ghanaians to rally behind the incoming government to execute policies that would bring about development in the country .
“ The Christian Council of Ghana , ” he said would continue its public education , sensitization and prayers for peace and harmony in Ghana .
10 total views , 0 views today
Many fans look forward to the championship game , the annual Doritos commercial and the extravagant halftime show of Super Bowl Sunday . But for others , the highlight of the event is n't the commercials , performance or even the game : it 's the assortment of classic Game Day snacks . When it comes to wings , people often stick to places like Buffalo Wild Wings or their local supermarket , but there are many underappreciated spots for your party platters that should not be ignored tomorrow .
Domino 's
$ 31.99 for 40 wings
Though best known for their pizza , Domino 's offers wings that are a decent , inexpensive option for those who enjoy their chicken crispy , albeit with a trivial amount of sauce .
Customers can order their wings with one of five sauces : hot sauce , barbecue , mild sauce , plain or a sweet mango habanero . The wings are not very meaty but have a crunchy outer layer that 's drizzled in poorly distributed sauce , which takes away from the experience .
Management at the Bethesda Domino 's location ordered twice their usual weekly order of 750 wings in preparation for the Super Bowl , senior Gabe Bayona , who works at Domino 's , said .
The wings arrive frozen and are cooked in the same ovens as their pizzas . They are sauced straight out of the oven and then boxed for pickup or delivery .
Dominos has two Bethesda locations : 4817 St Elmo Ave and 5110 Ridgefield Rd . Order online delivery or takeout here .
Rock Bottom Brewery
Normally $ 85 for 50 wings , $ 59.50 on Super Bowl Sunday
Rock Bottom 's wing party platters are high-priced , but the quality of their sauces makes up for the hefty cost . Rock Bottom will also have a 30 % sale on all takeout items on Super Bowl Sunday .
Rock Bottom offers only two sauces on their menu : buffalo and honey chipotle barbecue . The buffalo is spicy but not overpowering , and the honey chipotle barbecue sauce has a great blend of sweet and savory .
To cut down on prep time , cooks at Rock Bottom half-bake their wings when the shipment arrives . Staff members then refrigerate them and fry them at the customer 's request , manager Edward Madueno said .
Rock Bottom Brewery is located at 7900 Norfolk Ave and can be reached via phone at 301-652-1311 .
Hard Times Cafe
$ 10.99 for a pound of wings ( usually 9-11 wings )
At this small local chain , the wings are juicy and the sauce choices are unconventional but exceptional .
Customers can choose between Original Texas , honey mustard , chili lime , honey barbecue , sweet red chili or teriyaki sauces .
Because Hard Times never freezes their wings , they taste as fresh as possible . Each bite is full of meat and there is no noticeable cartilage . One outstanding sauce is the sweet red chili , with an equal mix of sweet and spicy .
The wings are baked , fried , sauced and finally grilled before they 're served , Hard Times owner Scott Roth said . To keep up with the demand of Super Bowl Sunday , the Rockville location 's sit-down service will be closed all day to solely make chili , cornbread and an estimated 10,000 wings .
Hard Times Cafe is located at 1117 Nelson St. at 301-294-9720 .
Each of these wings options have their standout elements , from taste , to price , to quality , but the MVP is Hard Times Cafe . Their wings are crispy , tasty and still not overly expensive . On Super Bowl Sunday , wing responsibly .
FORT HOOD , Texas — Baylor dressed just six scholarship players because of injuries that shortened the bench and sidelined two of the top three scorers for the 23rd-ranked Bears .
It did n't matter much against tiny Randall , a 400-student Oklahoma college with a large roster considering the size of the student body .
Nuni Omot scored a career-high 30 points while Jo Lual-Acuil and freshman Tristan Clark notched double-doubles , leading Baylor over Randall 105-82 in the Bears ' return to Fort Hood on Saturday night .
Lual-Acuil matched his career best with 19 points and had a career-high 16 rebounds , Clark added 16 points and 11 boards and King McClure scored 23 for the Bears ( 7-2 ) .
Baylor snapped a two-game losing streak while playing for the third straight year at the sprawling Army post about an hour from the Waco campus . The Bears were without leading scorer Manu Lecomte and Terry Maston , their No . 3 scorer , along with Mark Vital .
“ The last couple of years we 've been really blessed , ” Baylor coach Scott Drew said . “ We have n't had many injuries or illnesses or season-ending stuff . I think they all added up and came this year . The good thing is we 've still only lost two and we 'll get people back . ”
Trey Sneed scored 29 points and Xavier Hunter added 23 for Randall ( 5-9 ) of the National Christian College Athletic Association . The Saints have 18 players and used 17 against the Bears .
Randall was within seven points late in the first half after Hunter drove for a layup and Brad Ficken hit a 3-pointer for a 41-34 deficit . Baylor had two 3s to help push the lead back to 49-34 at halftime .
“ We never look down on playing any opponent , ” McClure said . “ We knew these guys could play basketball . They shoot it just like we do . We ca n't take anyone lightly . We did n't play the way we should have , did n't play defence the way we should have . ”
Omot had a career high in 3-pointers , going 6 of 8 from long range and 12 of 17 overall as the Bears shot 57 per cent . Clark made seven of eight shots . Jake Lindsey scored 12 points , putting all five Baylor starters in double figures .
The Saints were within eight with 13 minutes left when McClure hit a 3-pointer to start a 14-2 run for a 79-59 lead . McClure had a layup to finish the run .
Tyson Jolly missed all five of his shots but led Baylor with 10 assists .
BIG PICTURE
Randall : It was an impressive showing to keep the deficit inside 10 points well into the second half , fueled in part by shooting 46 per cent ( 10 of 22 ) from 3-point range . Sneed and Hunter combined to go 7 of 14 from deep .
Baylor : After losing back-to-back games at Xavier and at home to No . 6 Wichita State , the Bears should have an easier time heading into Big 12 play . The conference opener is Dec. 29 at Texas Tech .
TOO MUCH SIZE
Baylor outrebounded Randall 45-22 . The Saints ' tallest starter was the 6-foot-4 Sneed . Four Baylor starters were 6-5 or better .
TIP-INS
It was the second meeting between Baylor and Randall , and the Bears have won both . … Baylor has won 32 consecutive regular-season games against unranked nonconference opponents . … Baylor scored a season-high 56 points in the second half .
UP NEXT
Randall : Southwest Region Conference opener at Ozark Christian College on Tuesday .
Baylor : Texas Southern at home Thursday .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
LOS ANGELES — There 's more than one way to win a hockey game , and the Los Angeles Kings keep proving that .
Tanner Pearson scored 4:40 into overtime and Los Angeles edged the Carolina Hurricanes 3-2 on Saturday night for its eighth consecutive victory .
It 's the longest winning streak in the NHL this season , but it 's not as though the Kings have overpowered teams every night . This was the second consecutive game in which they lost a lead in the third period only to win in OT .
“ I think we win in different ways , ” said Anze Kopitar . “ None of these have been easy , but we 're grinding out wins . ”
Kopitar and Tyler Toffoli each scored and assisted on the other 's goal for the Kings in the second period . Jonathan Quick had 32 saves .
Los Angeles was unable to build on its lead and the Hurricanes stormed back , scoring twice in the third period to force overtime on goals from Elias Lindholm and Victor Rask . Scott Darling stopped 18 shots .
The struggling Hurricanes have lost five of their last six games overall , and six of seven against the Kings at Staples Center , but Carolina coach Bill Peters was pleased with the way his team fought back .
“ The guys were dialed in right from the drop of the puck , ” he said . “ I thought we were real good . I thought there were lots of things we can build on and move forward with . ”
Carolina outshot the Kings 34-21 , yet despite putting on the pressure could not find the net for the opening two periods .
The Kings struggled early , too , before Toffoli and Kopitar teamed up twice in less than three minutes in the second .
But the Kings ' offence stalled at that point and the Hurricanes mounted a comeback .
“ We 've been a little mentally soft the last few games and tonight we could have easily folded , ” said Carolina 's Jordan Staal . “ The third period was huge for us . ”
The Kings were playing their 15th game in 28 days , and coach John Stevens sensed it was affecting their play .
“ I think we looked a little bit tired tonight , ” he said . “ Even though you 're tired , you get some great performances from a couple of key guys . Quick was great tonight . ”
Things did not look promising for Los Angeles through most overtime . The Hurricanes controlled the puck for almost the entire period .
“ I got a little nervous for the guys on the ice because it was a long change , ” Stevens said . “ I think they probably made three line changes there . I thought the guys played really smart . ”
When the puck was finally turned over and the Kings were able to make a line change , Pearson came streaming down the right side and fired a shot that Darling blocked .
The rebound , however , went back to Pearson , who knocked it high by Darling for the game-winner .
“ You have the lead in the third period , you do n't want to give it up , ” Stevens said . “ That sounds good in theory , but it 's not going to happen all the time .
“ I think it comes from a big chuck of the group that knows how to win . They 're comfortable playing in tight games . They 're not going to sit there and hang their heads because things did n't go our way . There was still time on the clock to make it right . ”
NOTES : The eight consecutive victories ties the second-longest streak in Kings history ( fifth time ) . . Quick has won six straight . . Staal , too , was pleased with Carolina 's effort . “ It was a whole game of working hard , ” he said . “ We play like that every night , we 're going to be a lot better off . ”
UP NEXT
Hurricanes : Head down the freeway to play Anaheim on Monday .
Kings : Open a four-game road trip Tuesday in New Jersey .
——
For more NHL coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Flags are mounted , grills are fired up and friends , family and neighbors are gathering to celebrate Independence Day across the country . We celebrate our history , our veterans and our most fundamental values of American democracy , including the right to vote . But this year , recent decisions by an ideologically split U.S. Supreme Court are putting Americans ' right to vote at risk by enabling racial and partisan gerrymandering and upholding voter suppression tactics . We are reminded that we can not celebrate America without also defending the right to vote .
Make no mistake — the Supreme Court 's assault on voting rights impacts everyone — red states , blue states , the elderly and young of any race . But the brunt of such attacks will be felt most profoundly by communities that have been historically disenfranchised — people of color and low income communities .
Specifically , in Abbott v. Perez , the Supreme Court reversed a lower court 's extensive findings that the Texas legislature engaged in intentional racial discrimination when drawing congressional and state legislative districts . The targets ? Black and Latino voters . The message ? The Supreme Court will find a way to justify a legislature 's impermissible racial discrimination to pick their voters , rather than allowing voters to pick their representatives .
In Husted v. A. Philip Randolph Institute , the court upheld an Ohio law that permitted the state to start the process to remove voters from the rolls , simply because they sat out an election . The court effectively sanctioned a “ use it or lose it ” rule on American voters .
Justice Anthony Kennedy 's decision to retire by the end of this month presents additional challenges to protect our voting rights . We know that important voting rights questions will continue to find their way to the Supreme Court as legislatures across the country are expected to double down on issues ranging from harsh voter ID laws , campaign finance laws , partisan gerrymandering , and voter registration practices . I wo n't be holding my breath that Trump 's nominee is going to be friend of voting rights . We are approaching what will likely be the biggest showdown on voting rights in decades .
History has shown that these types of laws disproportionately disenfranchise lower income voters , communities of color , and younger voters for reasons ranging from access to transportation to the ability to take time off of work to go vote without loss of wages .
Many of these laws are advanced under the false premise of voter fraud , despite the abundant evidence that shows voter fraud is exceedingly rare .
According to the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law , since 2010 , 23 states have enacted laws making it either harder to vote , or implemented stricter voter ID requirements .
But these attacks on voting rights wo n't go unchallenged . Americans who care about our democracy are ready to act .
We are acting by encouraging the people in our lives to register and vote . In schools , churches and local communities , Americans are participating in their democracy by getting others to as well .
Related Articles Times change , but the ideas in Declaration of Independence endure
Re-declaring the Declaration of Independence
It 's ‘ like , literally amazing ' how sloppy language has become
Supreme Court gave free speech life with pregnancy center decision
The California Republican Party 's long slide into irrelevance We are holding officials accountable when they try and enact regressive voting laws . Voters are marching , hosting phone banks or writing letters to express their outrage at any efforts making it harder for eligible Americans to vote .
And , we are supporting reforms that have taken hold in places like California to expand the franchise . Leaders across the country are being pressured to adopt automatic and online voter registration , same-day voter registration , more early voting options and eliminating discriminatory voter ID laws .
These next few years will be crucial for voting rights in America . In addition to picking at least one new Supreme Court nominee , there is also the issue of ensuring that the 2020 Census — which dictates billions in funding and congressional apportionment — is done fairly and accurately .
This Fourth of July , let us remember that the Declaration of Independence states that “ governments are instituted among men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed. ” We all have a right for our voices to be heard , not stifled . After all , American independence does n't come with an asterisk . It is n't life , liberty and pursuit of happiness for some — it is declared for all of us . So let 's celebrate America by defending the right to vote — for every eligible citizen , everywhere in America .
That 's the most American thing we can do this holiday .
Alex Padilla is California 's Secretary of State
VILLANOVA , Pa. — Big East freshman of the year Omari Spellman is staying in the NBA draft after helping Villanova win the national championship .
The school announced Spellman 's decision Wednesday , the final day of the NCAA deadline for players who have n't hired an agent to withdraw from the draft and return to school . Spellman joins Donte DiVincenzo , Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges as Wildcats who left the champs for the NBA with eligibility remaining .
Spellman enrolled at Villanova in the fall of 2016 after attending St. Thomas More in Connecticut for his final season of prep basketball . After sitting out the 2016-17 season as an academic redshirt , Spellman averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds as the Wildcats set a school record with 36 victories . Spellman connected on 43 per cent of his 3-pointers and led the Wildcats with 59 blocked shots .
“ The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari 's maturity and potential as a player , ” coach Jay Wright said . “ He made a great impact on our program and we 're thrilled that his efforts have led him to this opportunity . ”
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Microsoft 's Cortana refuses to sit idly by as Amazon 's Alexa hogs all the skills . Even though the two digital helpers are best buds ( by way of their upcoming partnership ) , Cortana is feeling competitive . The AI can now connect to your Gmail account via Windows 10 , allowing it to access multiple calendars , contacts , and -- of course -- mail , as spotted by Windows Central .
CHARLOTTE , Mich. — More women and girls are giving victim statements in a Michigan courtroom in a third sentencing hearing for Larry Nassar , the disgraced former gymnastics doctor who has pleaded guilty to molesting people under the guise of medical treatment .
Nassar , 54 , worked at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics , the governing body that also trains Olympians . He was sentenced Jan. 24 to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaulting seven people in the Lansing area ; more than 150 statements were given in that seven-day hearing . He was sentenced in December to 60 years in federal prison for possessing thousands of images of child pornography .
Here are excerpts of some victims ' statements from a hearing that started Wednesday in Charlotte , Michigan , where Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting three gymnasts at an elite club run by an Olympic coach :
——
Lauren and Madison Margraves gave statements Friday shortly before their father , Randall Margraves , lunged at Nassar in court . He was stopped by bailiffs .
Lauren said she was 13 and competing at Twistars gymnastics club in Dimondale when she was molested by Nassar .
“ I trusted you . My parents trusted you . My two sisters , who 've also had unfortunate experiences with you , trusted you . I feel like I 'll never be able to trust another man ever again . ”
“ My parents are heartbroken and so filled with regret . All three of their children were victims of you . They wish so badly they could have taken us somewhere else to get care . ”
“ I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something , but they ca n't . The guilt they have will never go away . All this is because of you . ”
——
Madison Margraves said she also was molested as a young gymnast competing at Twistars . She first went to Nassar because of a back injury in 2014 . She thanked the other accusers .
“ You showed me that I am not alone . You showed me that there is power in voice , ” she said , her voice cracking . “ And I will forever be grateful for that . ”
——
Katie Black , who was a gymnast , stood with her father and her coach . She first saw him for a lower back injury at age 11 .
“ He ruined my sport and my body and he ruined me . Larry was a master manipulator . ”
“ You did n't just hurt us . You hurt everybody who cares about us . Sometimes I think you hurt my dad more than me . ”
——
Brittney Schumann said Nassar molested her at age 11 when she attended her first national team training camp . She is now a practicing physician .
“ I 'm making this statement because by staying anonymous , how can I say that I 'm an advocate for women 's health and encourage my patients to be empowered if I ca n't do it for myself ? I 'm here today to say to Larry : You are a disgrace to our profession . How dare you say you were a good doctor or providing treatments . ”
——
Soccer player Erin Blayer said she 's starting seeing Nassar for excruciating back pain at age 12 .
She told him : “ I am here to move on and leave you in my past . ”
Blayer said one takeaway for her is that “ the bad guy never wins . … My last tears have already been shed over you . ”
——
Jessica Thomashow , 17 , said Nassar molested her at ages 9 and 12 when she had rib displacement and a stress fracture in her ankle .
“ You took advantage of my innocence and trust . You were my doctor . Why ? I ask myself that question all the time . What you did to me was twisted . You manipulated me and my entire family . How dare you ? ”
She said at Twistars injured gymnasts were instructed to see Nassar , not their family doctor . She said she wanted to be a sports doctor , but the dream “ died ” after Nassar 's abuse .
——
Michigan State University student Katherine Ebert said she was a gymnast since the age of 5 and began seeing Nassar when she was 15 .
“ You are the most vile , disgusting creature I have ever met , ” she told him in court . “ There are black holes in my memory that come back as nightmares or flashbacks , not wanting to believe they 're true . ”
——
Annie Labrie was a full-time gymnast through adolescence . She travelled to Twistars gymnastics club , spending 25 hours a week there , not including the hour-and-a-half drive each way . Nassar was her doctor for five years . She said she saw him for a back injury and was treated at Twistars , Michigan State and the basement of his home .
She said his treatments “ made my skin crawl . I rejected my intuition anyway because every adult and authority figure around me assured me that this , that competing was the only option . ”
Labrie said she hid it from her parents , “ because in Larry 's words , ‘ They would n't understand. ” ‘
“ A pedophile can not flourish in the way Larry did and in an environment that is not conducive to his behaviour . … It is imperative we as a society do not view this as an isolated incident . ”
——
Tiffany Dutton said she was a competitive gymnast from a young age . She suffered back pain around age 12 or 13 and was referred to Nassar by coaches at age 14 . She said she was inspired to come forward publicly by the people who appeared at the earlier hearing where Nassar was sentenced last week .
“ On this day , I 've decided to fully relinquish my anonymity as a symbol to myself that there is absolutely nothing I have to be ashamed or afraid of , ” she said . “ Due to the bravery and courage of the many women who appeared in Ingham County to face our predator , I am no longer fearful . To all of them I will be ever grateful . ”
——
Eve Petrie said she competed at another gym in Lansing but saw Nassar for a back injury starting in late 2012 . She said he molested her from ages 12 to 15 .
“ One thing I never like myself being is a victim . I hate to feel as if I am to be pitied or felt sorry for , especially by those that I love . But I feel as if I can stand here today and say that I am not a victim of sexual abuse , but I am a survivor . ”
HALIFAX — A Halifax bus mechanic who allegedly created a poisonous work environment by terrorizing his co-workers with racial slurs and harassment no longer works for the transit service .
City spokesman Nick Ritcey says Arthur Maddox is no longer with Halifax Transit but he declined to discuss how or why he left his position , citing “ confidential personnel matters . ”
Maddox 's tenure with the transit service , which started in 1988 and included a brief termination in 2001 , ended after a Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission board of inquiry decision found his workplace behaviour to be “ disrespectful , aggressive and racist . ”
Lynn Connors , independent board chairwoman , said in her decision released publicly on Tuesday that Maddox bullied his co-workers and intimidated them into silence .
She said the irony did not escape her that Maddox continued to be employed with Halifax Transit while his victims had all left in part due to his behaviour and the “ poisoned work environment ” he created .
The allegations against Maddox and his small entourage included a message scrawled on the men 's bathroom wall , which said “ all minorities not welcome ; show you care , burn a cross. ” It was signed by “ a member of the Baby Hitler . ”
In another instance , the white bus mechanic who lodged the rights complaint arrived at a social event with his African Nova Scotian wife to hear Maddox allegedly say loudly : “ We do n't want this kind of people here . ”
Apologies , payouts and promises , and claims to want to do better do n't cut it any more . The residents of HRM and equity-seeking groups have a right to know what 's really going on and how we 're going to solve this systemic problem
Maddox is also quoted as saying “ racism should be a law that you can shoot somebody and get away with it . ”
After he allegedly threatened a black mechanic with physical violence , Maddox was fired in 2001 .
However , he filed a grievance through the union and was reinstated a year later . The city would later say that “ its hands were tied ” by a sunset clause in the collective agreement
Maddox allegedly blamed the complainant for his dismissal and tried to hit him with a bus , according to the rights decision . The complainant reported the incident to the maintenance yard supervisor , but it was not investigated and Maddox was not disciplined .
Connors said Maddox “ took an opportunity to frighten ” the complainant and was “ trying to terrorize ” him .
She said Halifax is “ vicariously liable ” for the actions of its workers and that it did not do enough to curb inappropriate behaviour .
Jacques Dube , chief administrative officer for the municipality , issued an apology Tuesday to the complainant and his family . He said the city is committed to a harassment-free workplace where all people are treated with dignity and respect .
A hearing is set for Monday to discuss the awarding of damages or assignment of mandated training .
The complaint regarding racism and harassment at the transit yard was filed with the provincial human rights commission nearly 12 years ago , in July 2006 .
Equity Watch , a Halifax-based group dedicated to employment equity , is calling for an independent public inquiry into what it calls a long-standing pattern of bullying , harassment and discrimination at the municipality .
The group points to other examples of racism and sexism at the city , including the case of firefighter Liane Tessier . She faced systemic gender discrimination , but her concerns were ignored by the municipality and dismissed by the provincial human rights commission before she eventually received an apology last December .
Earlier this month , a group of African Nova Scotian city employees demanded action on a confidential report from two years ago that found racism in the workplace . Raymond Sheppard , a spokesman for the group , told reporters that “ the anti-black racism and discrimination within HRM is at 1950s levels . ”
“ We believe that these cases are only the tip of the iceberg , ” Equity Watch spokesperson Judy Haiven , a retired management professor at Saint Mary 's University , said in a statement .
“ Apologies , payouts and promises , and claims to want to do better do n't cut it any more . The residents of HRM and equity-seeking groups have a right to know what 's really going on and how we 're going to solve this systemic problem . ”
The group is calling for an independent public inquiry outside of the human rights commission , with its “ dilatory , bureaucratic and uncaring approach , ” Haiven said .
Mankind is one step closer to possibly discovering life outside Earth . A group of astronomers has discovered 60 new extrasolar planets near the Solar System , with some of them having the likelihood to sustain life , the Independent reported Tuesday .
One planet – Gliese 411-b – strongly resembles Earth and tells researchers that it is possible for stars close to the sun to have their own planets with orbits potentially supporting alien life . `` It is fascinating to think that when we look at the nearest stars , all of them appear to have planets orbiting them . This is something astronomers were not convinced about , even as little as five years ago . These new planets also help us better understand the formation processes of planetary systems and provide interesting targets for future efforts to image the planets directly , ” said Dr. Mikko Tuomi of the University of Hertfordshire and one of the astronomers on the team .
Gliese 411-b is considered a “ hot super-Earth , ” located in the third closest planetary system to the Sun . Since it resembles Earth and is relatively near the Solar System , its discovery means that there could be other planets in the galaxy similar to the Earth , according to the researchers .
Findings for the new planets were compiled after scientists conducted nearly 61,000 observations of 1,600 stars within a 20-year time frame . In addition to the 60 planets confirmed by the scientists , they also uncovered evidence of another possible 54 planets , tallying the count to 114 . Astronomers used the Keck-I telescope in Hawaii , a segment of the Lick-Carnegie Exoplanet Survey implemented in 1996 by esteemed astronomers Paul Butler from the Carnegie Institute of Science , and Geoffrey Marcy and Steve Vogt , both from the University of California .
“ Keck-I telescope and its instruments have been wonderful tools in establishing the current consensus that virtually all stars have planets orbiting them . These new discoveries will further help us characterize the population of planets in the immediate Solar neighborhood , ” Tuomi said .
Related Articles
Twitter 's updated privacy policy sheds light on just what happens to your data
Twitter is aiming to be more transparent about how the platform uses your data , starting with clearer language inside an updated privacy policy . While sparked by the GDPR laws in Europe , the new policy applies worldwide .
The post Twitter 's updated privacy policy sheds light on just what happens to your data appeared first on Digital Trends .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pinellas County is hosting a free tire disposal event for residents on Saturday , Oct. 7 , from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. , at six locations throughout the county . Pinellas County Mosquito Control , Solid Waste , Public Works and Parks and Conservation Resources , in partnership with the cities of St. Petersburg and Tarpon Springs , are hosting this countywide event in a continued effort to reduce the spread of mosquitoes and mosquito-borne illnesses .
“ Collecting tires will remove mosquito breeding habitats from our environment , ” said Brian Lawton , Pinellas County vegetation management and mosquito control manager . “ Eliminating these habitats reduces the population of adult mosquitoes and reduces the threat from mosquito-transmitted diseases such as Chikungunya , Dengue and Zika . ”
Tires will be collected at the following locations :
Tarpon Springs : Tarpon Springs Yard Waste Facility , 898 South Levis Ave .
Palm Harbor : John Chesnut Sr. Park , 2200 East Lake Rd . S .
Clearwater : Pinellas County Mosquito Control , 4100 118th Ave. N .
Largo : Eagle Lake Park , 1800 Keene Road
Largo : Walsingham Park , 12615 102nd Ave. N .
St. Petersburg : Boyd Hill Nature Preserve , 1101 Country Club Way S .
This event is for Pinellas County residents only ; proof of identification is required . No business drop-offs will be accepted . County residents will be able to bring up to 12 tires of 36″ in diameter or less per customer . They will be accepted with or without rims .
The collected tires will be processed through Pinellas County Solid Waste 's Waste-to-Energy facility , which generates enough electricity to power approximately 40,000 homes a day . Additionally , metal from the tires will be recovered from the remaining ash and recycled .
For more information , residents may call Pinellas County Mosquito Control at ( 727 ) 464-7503 or visit www.pinellascounty.org/resident/mosquito_control.htm .
Getty Image
As the fallout from disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein 's predatory behavior continues , new allegations of sexual misconduct have been levied against Vincent Cirrincione , Halle Berry ‘ s ex-manager and Taraji P. Henson ‘ s current . According to the Washington Post , Cirrincione “ made unwanted sexual advances toward ” at least eight African-American women and one Asian-American woman who came forward with stories of abuse “ over a period of two decades. ” Because of his attachment to Berry and Henson 's star power , these young women viewed him “ as an important gatekeeper for ” minority actresses .
Per the Post ‘ s interviews with these nine women , “ as well as friends , family members and others in whom the women said they confided aspects of their interactions with Cirrincione ” :
Three of the women say he pushed for sex as a condition for representing them , and that he did not take them on when they refused . A fourth said he offered to help advance her career if she agreed to have sex with him monthly . A fifth actress said he masturbated in front of her in his office during the years he managed her .
In a statement , Cirrincione acknowledged claims that he pursued sexual relationships with various women while committed to others but denied allegations of leveraging sex for career advancement . “ I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors , sexual or otherwise , as a reason for managing anyone , ” he said . “ I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual. ” Cirrincione apologized profusely , adding that he did not want to “ diminish anyone 's feelings or experiences , ” but he nonetheless denied the harsher allegations .
Nigerian govt roads in Niger unsafe , commissioner says after collapse of two bridges
Premium Times
The Niger Government on Wednesday declared 'state of emergency ' on federal roads following the collapse of two bridges , linking the Western and Northern Nigeria . Jonathan Vatsa , the state Commissioner for Information , made the declaration shortly after …
and more »
Thanks to Pfizer , Viagra Is About To Get a Lot Cheaper
The little blue pill that 's helped millions of men in the bedroom is turning white . Drugmaker Pfizer is launching its own cheaper generic version of Viagra rather than lose most sales when the impotence pill gets its first generic competition next week .
Pfizer Inc. will begin selling the white pill at half the $ 65-a-pill retail price on Monday , when its patent-protected monopoly ends . Generic maker Teva Pharmaceuticals can start selling its version then , but is n't disclosing the price .
Many more generics go on sale next summer , which will steadily slash the price of generics , possibly by 90 percent .
`` Patients are paying fortunes . When generic Viagra comes out , they will be very happy , '' said Dr. Nachum Katlowitz , a urologist at New York 's Staten Island University Hospital .
Launched in 1998 , Viagra was the first pill for impotence . It transformed a private frustration for many aging men into a publicly discussed medical condition with an easy treatment , far more appealing than options like penile injections and implants . Pfizer 's early TV ads for the little blue pill even coined the term erectile dysfunction , ED for short .
Eli Lilly 's Cialis came out in 2003 and now dominates the U.S. market with on-demand pills and daily , low-dose ones . Viagra is a close second .
Pfizer says its market research shows 20 percent of customers are loyal to Viagra . So rather than give up sales to generic makers as brand-name drugmakers once routinely did , the company is selling its own generic and also fighting to keep men on its blue pills .
`` We believe that the story for Viagra is n't done . It 's just going to be a new chapter , '' said Jim Sage , president of U.S. brands for Pfizer Essential Health , which sells its older medicines .
In January , the drugmaker will offer two new discount programs and increase its copayment card discounts . Uninsured men can get brand-name Viagra half off through an innovative online home delivery program , Pfizer Direct . Many insured patients will be able to get a month 's prescription -- typically six to 10 pills , depending on plan limits -- for as little as a $ 20 copayment .
`` This is the most comprehensive pricing and marketing response I 've seen to a generic , '' said Erik Gordon , a pharmaceuticals analyst at the University of Michigan 's business school . `` It 's unprecedented . ''
Gordon thinks Pfizer 's reduced prices will retain some patients and attract others who buy pills , often counterfeits , from the internet .
Dr. Matthias Hofer , a urologist at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago , said some of his insured patients who take Viagra would n't want a generic . `` They will be ecstatic if they can save money and get the brand product from Pfizer , '' he said .
Last year , more than 12 million prescriptions for Viagra and Cialis were filled in the U.S. , generating a combined $ 3 billion in sales , according to health data and clinical research company IQVIA . However , prescriptions have dropped more than 20 percent since 2012 , as repeated price hikes put the pills out of reach for many men lacking good insurance .
According to health information analytics firm Elsevier , over just the past decade , retail prices jumped from about $ 10 to $ 62 per pill for Viagra and from $ 11 to $ 61 for Cialis . Pharmacies and other middlemen add a few dollars more per pill .
Generic Viagra , called sildenafil , will become even more affordable starting June 11 , when more versions go on sale .
`` Many patients already know it 's going generic and they want it , '' said Aracely Pena , a medical assistant at San Diego Sexual Medicine .
Cialis and Levitra , another pill launched in 2003 , get their own generic competition next fall .
In the meantime , some doctors specializing in sexual dysfunction have found other options . Some prescribe generic Revatio , the blood pressure pill Pfizer was testing when older patients reported stronger erections as a side effect . It contains one-fifth the sildenafil dose in Viagra and costs as little as $ 1 per pill .
Northwestern 's Hofer arranges for his patients to receive made-to-order pills from a couple of specialty pharmacies .
Daniel Lobello , 60 , is satisfied with those pills but thinks a lot of men probably would use cheaper generic or brand-name Viagra .
`` It 's great '' that the prices are getting cut , said the West Chester , Illinois , electrical inspector , `` because it 's something men need . ''
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Product shots by Pfizer/Artist 's concept .
Read more on : Health , Medical , Scientists , Pharmaceuticals , Viagra , Pfizer
A few possessions later , he was helping protect the rim , getting his hand in to deny an alley-oop dunk attempt by Antetokounmpo .
He was also active on the offensive end , helping drive the ball into the interior of Milwaukee 's defence , like when he tossed an alley-oop to Horford late in the third quarter .
TIP-INS
Bucks : F John Henson missed his third straight game with back soreness . ... Scored 15 points in first quarter . It was low for a quarter in the series , excluding the Game 1 overtime period ( eight points ) .
Celtics : Finished with 18 turnovers . ... Outscored the Bucks 32-28 in the paint .
DROUGHT AND A RUN
The Celtics went without a field goal from Rozier 's 3-pointer with 9:14 left in the third until Jaylen Brown hit from beyond the arc with 4:26 to go in the period .
Boston 's only points during the shooting slump came on a pair of free throws by Tatum with 6:36 left .
It allowed Milwaukee to go on a 12-2 run , trimming Boston 's lead to 58-52 .
STILL BEEFING
Rozier and Eric Bledsoe got tangled up with 9:33 left in the third quarter . Rozier bumped Bledsoe near the baseline . Bledsoe responded with a hard shove . They then got face-to-face and had to be separated .
Bledsoe was assessed a flagrant foul and Rozier was issued a technical foul .
It was the continuation of some off-court chiding between the pair .
Rozier called Bledsoe `` Drew Bledsoe '' when asked about him after Game 1 . Bledsoe has since responded by saying `` Who ? '' whenever he 's asked about Rozier .
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Kyle Hightower , The Associated Press
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. — The questions about tackle Ereck Flowers ' future with the New York Giants are increasing as the 2015 first-round draft pick was a no-show for the team 's first voluntary minicamp under new coach Pat Shurmur .
Players do not have to attend either the organized team activities or any minicamps .
Shurmur , however , let it be known in the off-season that he would appreciate it if they attended , with new systems on offensive and defence being installed and the team coming off a 3-13 season that cost former coach Ben McAdoo his job .
Flowers has skipped everything . There are now reports the Giants are shopping him in the days leading to the NFL draft , which starts Thursday .
The former Miami product has not lived up to expectations in his first two seasons at left tackle . That forced new general manager Dave Gettleman to go out and sign New England Patriots left tackle Nate Solder as a free agent , a move that would have forced Flowers to move to right tackle .
Flowers has not given any indication why he has stayed away .
“ He 's not here , so there 's not really much to say , ” Shurmur said .
The coach refused to say whether he was disappointed .
“ We understand that this is a program that is voluntary , ” he said . “ I tend to believe it is very necessary , but he 's not here . So , when he is here , we will start to talk about him . ”
The Giants do n't have a lot of depth at tackle . Free agent Chad Wheeler played in 11 games with five starts as a rookie . Adam Bisnowaty started in his only game last season after being drafted in the sixth round .
If Flowers is traded , the Giants are going to have to draft a tackle or sign one as a free agent .
Odell Beckham Jr. , who missed most of last season with a broken ankle , and defensive end Olivier Vernon were both at the minicamp . They skipped the minicamp a year ago .
“ I think the big thing for us is our game is very simple — it 's about the ball , it 's about negotiating the ground and it 's really about man whipping man , ” Shurmur said .
The minicamp , which does not entail any hitting , is more about making sure players get to know the new systems , with some throwing and receiving mixed in . The defences can work on stripping the ball .
There was speculation that Shurmur wanted to use the minicamp to see what quarterback Davis Webb could do . The third-round pick did nothing last season , so the Giants really do n't know what they have with their backup to Eli Manning .
“ I do n't think there needs to be any anxiety on his part — get trained up , come on out here , let it rip and mistakes happen in practice and you learn from them , ” Shurmur said . “ I think that 's why you practice , so I think you have to be careful about making a final evaluation on a guy in a three-day period here . He just needs to come out here and get as good as he can be . ”
Most players said they felt they were entering this season with a clean slate .
Cornerback Janoris Jenkins , who was suspended for a game last season after missing a practice , intends to be on his best behaviour this season .
“ I promise y'all that Jackrabbit says it wo n't happen this year what happened last year , ” he said . “ There wo n't be any animosity between players , no disrespecting the coach . There will be none of that . New York Giant football is back . ”
Jenkins also believes fellow cornerback and 2016 first-round draft pick Eli Apple , who also was suspended for a game , will be a different player this season .
“ You have to understand that he was young , ” Jenkins said . “ It 's a clean slate , new coaching staff and for him it 's guys like me that have to push him and help him out because I 've been in the league so long and just help him understand that adversity is going to hit you and when it hits , you 've just got to keep it going . ”
Beckham did not take part in the afternoon practice , but fellow receiver Sterling Shepard said that was a precaution .
“ I 've been with him and have been training with him a bit and , to be honest , I forget that he got hurt sometimes , ” Shepard said .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
FUOYE 's unending crisis
The crisis between the Federal University , Oye-Ekiti ( FUOYE ) and the workers has taken a new turn . The school is accussing Ekiti State Governor Ayo Fayose of fuelling the strike . ODUNAYO OGUNMOLA examines the scenario .
The crisis at the Federal University , Oye-Ekiti ( FUOYE ) is not over yet . Last week , a new twist was added to the workers-management face-off when the Vice Chancellor , Prof Kayode Soremekun , alleged that the Ekiti State Governor , Ayodele Fayose , was fuelling the crisis by instigating the workers against the management .
As at the time of this report , the gates of the institution have been shut by workers , who are demanding sundry allowances and colleagues ' promotion .
The twist was added to the crisis on Wednesday , last week , when the union leaders allegedly unleashed terror on memebres of the Academic Staff Union of Universities ( ASUU ) , who were not part of the industrial action . The aggrieved workers allegedly dragged and beat some lecturers for their failure to join the strike . They were also alleged to have hung fetish objects at the main gate of the university , supposedly to scare visitors away .
According to the management , the development forced it to contact the police , who arrested the chairmen of the three unions – Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities ( SSANU ) – Mutiu Ademola , Non-Academic Staff Union ( NASU ) – Dada Adebayo , and National Association of Academic Technologists ( NAAT ) – Ekundayo Ajibaye – for disrupting the peace .
Briefing newsmen last weekend , Soremekun claimed that the crisis in the university was being fuelled , sponsored and instigated by Fayose . He alleged that the governor used the Secretary to the State Government , Dr. Modupe Alade , as a front to secure the release of the union leaders .
“ The unionists were becoming so unruly in recent time . In fact , they beat up some lecturers and we called for their arrest only for the SSG to bail them out , acting on the governor 's directive , ” Soremekun told reporters . Nonetheless , Governor Fayose denied it all .
Speaking on his behalf , his Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media , Lere Olayinka , said as the chief security officer of the state , Fayose 's priority was to protect the entire state and not dabble into irrelevances .
The union leaders have also shot back at Soremekun , saying their release was secured by their national leaders .
The crisis started in January when workers protested over non-payment of about three months salary arrears and Hazard Allowances . Workers also alleged Soremekun of carrying out questionable employment in contravention of the federal character . They accused the VC of engaging on frequent trips abroad , despite the school 's financial constraint .
But Soremekun , who denied the allegations , said he sits on boards of many foundations and global bodies across the world , which usually facilitate his trips abroad whenever the need arises .
The unions claimed that the recent promotion carried out in May was marred by favoritism and irregularities . Workers also kicked against an average score of 85 per cent pass mark set by management as against the 60 per cent entrenched in the Condition of Service for senior staff in the university . They alleged that certain workers , who scored below 85 per cent were promoted , leaving many others , who equally deserved promotion on merit .
The two parties eventually went for negotiation in February , brokered by the Ekiti State Office of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Productivity . They both agreed that all arrears would be paid within five days of suspending the strike , The Nation learnt .
Explaining the rationale for last week 's crisis , workers claimed that the VC refused to sign the said agreement , adding that this fuelled their fears that the management was not ready to honour the pact .
During the briefing , FUOYE management further accused Fayose of sponsoring the union leaders to launch physical attacks on lecturers and other workers in the Registry .
Soremekun said the unions ' actions almost resulted into anarchy as students wanted to launch a counter-attack , but the management promptly waded in .
The VC said the union leaders invaded the Bursary Unit , ejected workers forcefully , and deflated tyres of vehicles parked . He lamented that the incident coincided with the meeting of the university 's Governing Council , which had to relocate to Ado-Akiti to conclude its agenda because of the chaotic atmosphere .
He listed some of those wounded by the unionists to include : the Dean of Faculty of Engineering , Prof. Babatope Alabadan ; Dr Ayodele A Fajinmi and Dr Olatunde Oyelawon of the Department of Crop Science and Mechanical Engineering respectively .
Others were : Messrs. Tunde Ogundana and Olawale Sanni both of Department of Mechanical Engineering ; Head of Department of Physics , Dr Olusayo Olubosede and Dr Kikelomo Oluwalola , an adjunct staff member . Another victim , Mr. GabrielOkoli of the Department of Computer Engineering got his car vandalised during the attack , management added .
According to Soremekun , the Registrar , Mr. Daniel Adeyemo was almost manhandled by the unionists .
Ahead of last week 's attack , Soremekun recalled that the union leaders were given queries , which they refused to answer , adding that they also shunned a panel set up to investigate their activities .
The VC accused Fayose of exerting pressure on him while he served as the Chief Returning Officer ( CRO ) for the Edo State governorship election by sending one of his ( Fayose ) aides to him .
He claimed that Fayose had allegedly been after his life after serving as the CRO in the election last September , which saw Governor Godwin Obaseki of the Progressives Congress defeating the Peoples Democratic Party 's candidate , Osagie Ize-Iyamu .
Soremekun said : “ I am not a politician and I did n't expect the governor to be sponsoring violence against me . Before the Ondo State governorship election , it was rumoured that I would be the Chief Returning Officer and before I could blink an eye , Fayose released my phone to the world where all sorts of messages were being sent to me .
He continued : “ Although I occupy a political position , but I am not a politician ; the next election held was that of Ondo State and they thought I was going to be the Chief Returning Officer only to be sending horrible text messages to me .
“ As I speak with you now , my life and those of the Registrar and other management members are not safe . It is as bad as that.This fight is meant to save the soul of our university against partisanship . It is a fight against principalities and power of darkness in high places , working to politicise and destabilise our university . ”
Soremekun denied employing over 300 workers . He explained that few numbers of staff were employed to fill some vacancies and in deference to the principle of federal character .
Fayose challenged Soremekun for having the gut to order the arrest of the protesters .
“ The Vice Chancellor is the one that should search his conscience whether or not he is doing the right thing concerning the management of the university , ” Fayose said .
“ Be that as it may , it sounds so illogical that head of a university will stand before the press to say that university staff should be arrested and detained by the police for protesting , ” the governor added .
The union leaders , however , described Soremekun 's allegation as an attempt to gain the sympathy of the federal authorities and the public .
Ajibaye said the unions were primarily concerned about the welfare of their colleagues and payment of their benefits and promotion of those who deserve it .
Ajibaye said : “ There is no truth in the allegation by the VC that the governor is sponsoring unions in FUOYE . The allegation should be disregarded by the entire public and the authorities .
“ The VC is only trying to deceive the public and the authorities in Abuja to cover his inefficiency . This VC in January stopped the payment of occupational Hazard Allowance to academic technologists in the university .
“ This is an allowance that is component of monthly salary paid by the Federal Government and has been appropriated in the university 's budget . This allowance has been part of the staff salary for four years now in the university .
“ This is a VC who , in the space of one year , has employed over 320 illegally without proper approval . In a bid to cover up this crime , the management recently did a kangaroo regularisation of appointments and forwarded few names to the Federal Character Commission as if due process were followed . ”
Ajibaye claimed that the national representatives of the unions that visited FUOYE management to seek a truce left in frustration because the VC was not cooperative .
Ademola also denied the union 's involvement in the attacks on lecturers last week . He said workers ' grouse was further fuelled by the VC 's refusal to sign the aforementioned tripartite agreement .
Agreeing with Ademola , Adebayo said the union was left with no choice than to picket the Bursary Unit , adding that though the agreement stated that workers ' arrears and salaries must be paid within five days of suspending the strike , NASU was disappointed that the management failed to fulfill its part of the bargain 17 days after the unions suspended the strike .
He said the union found that the management intentionally delayed the payment to punish workers for their participation in the strike earlier in the year .
Adebayo said : “ The general public is hereby informed that the bail of the union leaders illegally arrested was not secured by the SSG , but by representatives of the national bodies of SSANU , NAAT and NASU . The letter written and signed by the representatives is at the police headquarters for the world to see . ”
The university 's Students ' Representative Council ( SRC ) the equivalent of Student Union Government ( SUG ) , appealed to all parties to sheathe their swords in the interest of peace .
“ We want the crisis to be resolved , all parties in the crisis should come to the negotiation table in the interest of all students , who want to graduate at the right time .
“ Unions came to classes last Wednesday and stopped lectures , we are not happy that academic activities are now at a standstill . The earlier the crisis is resolved the better for everybody , ” said the Deputy Speaker of FUOYE SRC , Miss Monjolaoluwa Bamiteko .
Ekiti State Police Command Public Relations Officer , Mr. Alberto Adeyemi , told The Nation that the union members were invited for clarification and were allowed to go after issues were sorted out .
Adeyemi explained that the union leaders were not detained at the command 's headquarters .
“ We invited them ( union leaders ) for clarification and they made their statements and left . That is all I can say for now , ” Adeyemi said :
Federal University , Oye-Ekiti ( FUOYE ) was one of the nine universities established by the Federal Government in 2011 under former President Goodluck Jonathan . The purpose of their establishment was to make their host states have more Federal presence , while also generating employment opportunities .
Unfortunately , FUOYE appears to have been more crisis-ridden since inception , owing to frequent showdown between management and the unions .
Only three Vice Chancellors had presided over FUOYE since the institution was established . Its pioneer VC Prof Chinedu Nebo , left to take up an appointment as Minister of Power under the immediate past administration . However , Nebo 's successor Prof Innocent Asuzu , whose stay at FUOYE was brief , had a running battle with all the unions . Except ASUU , Soremekun 's administration has also been wriggling in crisis by three other unions , leading to strikes and forceful closure of the university .
The post FUOYE 's unending crisis appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bull Sessions . Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know .
Thank you for signing up for our newsletter . You will receive a confirmation shortly . Submit
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Joseph O'Brien retains full faith that his classy bunch of juvenile hurdlers can still reach the top .
Landofhopeandglory lost his unbeaten record when he had the tables turned on him by Bapaume in the Knight Frank Juvenile Hurdle at Leopardstown having finished in front of the same rival at Fairyhouse .
Housesofparliament , the best of his recruits from the Flat having finished a close third in the St Leger at Doncaster , could manage only a five-length second to Meri Devie on his hurdling debut at Leopardstown , while Sword Fighter , a Royal Ascot winner , was fifth in the same race .
“ Landofhopeandglory ran well . The race probably did n't work out as well as it did the last day , ” said O'Brien . “ There is no reason why he should n't get closer to the winner the next day .
“ Housesofparliament ran well on his first run over hurdles . He jumped quite well apart from missing the third-last . Sword Fighter ran well too on his first run over hurdles . It 's a long year . ”
Stablemate Ivanovich Gorbatov produced a seasonal best in the Ryanair Hurdle when pushing Nichols Canyon all the way for second , albeit some way behind impressive winner Petit Mouchoir .
“ He ran a blinder and I was delighted with him . He travelled and jumped brilliant , ” said O'Brien . “ It looked like he might be second and he flattened out . I 'd say he 's running close enough to his mark . I 'd imagine we 'll look for another good two-mile race for him somewhere and see what happens . ”
SOBOT 'S SELECTIONS
BANGOR : 1.15 Pithivier , 1.45 Clondaw Draft , 2.20 Derrynane , 2.50 Magic Mustard , 3.20 Dingo Dollar , 3.50 Infinite Sun .
MUSSELBURGH : 1.00 Fattsota , 1.30 Golden Investment , 2.00 Like A Diamond , 2.30 Dutch Canyon , 3.00 Oliver 's Gold ( next best ) , 3.30 Beyond The Clouds .
NEWCASTLE : 2.10 Glorious Politics , 2.40 Burnside , 3.10 Avoidable , 3.40 Go George Go , 4.10 Monticello , 4.40 Jacquotte Delahaye , 5.10 TATLISU ( NAP ) .
The big names due to ride in the Tour de Yorkshire have been confirmed .
Race organisers Welcome to Yorkshire and A.S.O have announced a host of big-name riders for the 2017 Tour de Yorkshire , with Luke Rowe , Nacer Bouhanni and Caleb Ewan among those set to compete .
Welshman Rowe , who has been part of the last two Tour de France wins , will be joined in a strong Team Skyline up by Olympic gold medalist Owain Doull and 2016 World Track Champion Jonathan Dibben .
Bouhanni , one of the world 's top sprinters who have five Grand Tour stage wins to his name and has already claimed the Nokere Koerse and Paris–Camembert titles this season , will head up the Cofidis Solutions Credits team while fellow star sprinter Caleb Ewan leads the Orica-Scott charge in a squad that also includes 2016 Paris-Roubaix winner Mathew Hayman .
The Asda Women 's Tour de Yorkshire on Saturday April 29 also boasts a top-quality field with Olympic road race champion Anna van der Breggen ( Boels-Dolmans ) , two-time world champion Giorgia Bronzini ( Wiggle High5 ) and 2017 Tour of Flanders winner Coryn Rivera ( Team Sunweb ) all on the start line .
In addition , reigning British Road Race champions Adam Blythe ( Dimension Data ) and Hannah Barnes ( Canyon-SRAM ) will both be in action along with three former race winners in Lars Petter Nordhaug ( Aqua Blue Sport ) , Thomas Voeckler ( Direct Energie ) and Kirsten Wild ( Cylance Pro Cycling ) . 2016 Points Classification and Stage One winner Dylan Groenewegen ( LottoNL-Jumbo ) also makes an appearance .
If that was n't enough , Yorkshire 's very own Scott Thwaites ( Dimension Data ) and Lizzie Deignan ( Boels-Dolmans ) are set to be in attendance , with the full start lists for both races being unveiled before the men 's race commences on Friday April 28 .
Welcome to Yorkshire chief executive Sir Gary Verity said : “ It is exciting to be able to unveil this first wave of big-name riders and the strength of this list demonstrates how highly the Tour de Yorkshire is regarded .
“ The third edition will be the biggest and best one yet , and with world champions , Olympic gold medalists and Grand Tour stage winners on the start list , we can guarantee three days of great racing .
“ Yorkshire is already gearing up to celebrate the race with banners , bunting and giant land art projects springing up right across the county , and we ca n't wait to welcome everyone . ”
Full information on the Tour de Yorkshire and Asda Women 's Tour de Yorkshire can be found athttp : //letour.yorkshire.com
Hilary Duff 's ex-husband Mike Comrie is reportedly under police investigation over a rape allegation .
The retired ice hockey star , who used to play in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , has been accused of raping a woman at his Los Angeles home on Saturday night , according to TMZ.com .
An unnamed woman has claimed she met him in a bar that night and they went back to his place and he raped her “ multiple times ” . She reportedly went to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center soon afterwards and had a rape kit administered .
Sources connected to the 36-year-old former athlete claim the woman , who Mike has allegedly known for a long time , had given her full consent to sex . They also allege there was another woman present during their sexual encounter and she has not filed a complaint .
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) are investigating the allegation but have not yet spoken to Mike , according to the site .
Mike began dating 29-year-old actress/singer Hilary Duff in 2007 , they tied the knot in 2010 and have a four-year-old son named Luca . Hilary filed for divorce in February , 2015 , citing irreconcilable differences and requesting primary custody of their son , and it was finalized in February , 2016 .
They have remained friends ever since and have regularly been spotted together with their son . She spoke to The Love Bomb podcast in November about how they handled the split .
“ I think that I was in a very successful marriage for a long time , ” she said . “ We got together based on love and we separated in a very loving way . I ca n't imagine going through that process with anyone but him , and he continues to be my very good friend .
“ I think we handled it very consciously and with a lot of love . But marriage is sacred and marriage is not for everyone . Marriage is work . Marriage is really hard . ”
She has since dated trainer Jason Walsh , and in January , she made her red carpet debut with new man , musician Matthew Koma .
Scientists have made a breakthrough in the antibiotic resistance battle — the urgency has never been greater , says Lois Rogers
British scientists claim they have beaten more than a dozen rival teams around the world in the race towards a new synthetic antibiotic . They hope that the agent — an improved version of a natural antibiotic called teixobactin , discovered in soil by U.S. scientists in 2015 — will provide a new treatment for resistant hospital superbugs and a range of other infections that are becoming impervious to our battered medicine cupboard of 20th-century antibiotics .
The group from the University of Lincoln , the site of a new medical school due to open in September , has been collaborating with groups from the University of Liverpool , as well as academic researchers in the Netherlands , Belgium and Singapore , to achieve the advance .
Their data , just published in the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry , provides the first evidence using mice that the treatment can knock out methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and vancomycin-resistant enterococci , both of which appear on a World Health Organization [ WHO ] list of 12 “ priority pathogens ” — treatment-resistant families of bacteria that represent the biggest threats to human health . Their work is an advance , but not yet a game-changer . Data from the Philadelphia-based Pew Charitable Trusts , which is tracking progress in the superbug war , indicates there are 80 possible antibiotic drugs , vaccines and other “ non-traditional ” candidate products in development round the world , which could save us from losing the war against new generations of killer infections .
The need has never been more urgent . A recent global study from a team at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , Maryland , showed the problem has been fuelled by an astonishing 65 per cent increase in antibiotic use between 2000 and 2015 .
Current Government projections indicate that , by the time today 's primary schoolchildren reach adulthood , deaths from infectious illnesses will claim at least 10 million lives a year worldwide and limb amputations to halt the spread of infection will become commonplace — unless we find new treatments .
We have not only proved our treatment kills the bacteria , but we have also shown it reduces inflammation at the same time
“ We are optimistic , ” says Dr. Ishwar Singh , a specialist in novel drug design and development , who is leading the Lincoln project . “ We are the first people worldwide to achieve this step .
“ We have not only proved our treatment kills the bacteria , but we have also shown it reduces inflammation at the same time . ”
The results so far are only in mice , but Dr. Singh is in talks with three pharmaceutical industry investors and he hopes the product will go into human trials within three years .
At the University of East Anglia in Norwich , Professor Changjiang Dong , an expert in molecular medicine , is also forging ahead with a different candidate weapon : a treatment that blocks construction of the two-layer cell walls protecting virulent so-called Gram-negative bacteria , which include resistant strains of salmonella , E.coli and legionella , all of which regularly cause fatal outbreaks of disease .
Prof Dong is as upbeat as Dr. Singh . “ We think we have found a very good target for a new treatment . I am very optimistic about where this will lead , ” he says .
Over in Leicester , Professor Martha Clokie , another expert on infectious diseases , is working on phages — tightly targeted viruses that attack disease-causing bacteria , which could provide an answer to the search for a new way of destroying antibiotic-resistant superbugs . She is similarly hopeful , but , like the others , needs more investment to develop her work .
Until now , the problem has been bubbling away below the surface . Official figures indicate that in the U.K. about 5,000 people a year die from illness that could previously be treated by penicillin and its myriad derivatives . Many authorities believe the real figure is 10,000 deaths or more , but it is still a number that looks irrelevant compared with the 300,000-plus who die from cancer and heart disease .
However , increasing numbers of superbug survivors are coming forward with accounts of the horrific damage that may affect many more of us . In February , Magdalena Malec , 31 , from Dunstable , Bedfordshire , told how she lost a kidney , plus both legs , her right arm and the fingers of her left hand , from a superbug infection during routine treatment to remove an ectopic pregnancy . A few weeks later , Ben May , a 25-year-old Oxford graduate and keen athlete from Haslemere , Surrey , described how he narrowly escaped amputation but suffered life-threatening illness and eight operations after he contracted a superbug following surgery for a football injury .
Also last month , Dee Struthers , from the Isle of Man — who set up a charity after her 18-year-old daughter , Ann , died in 2013 from a superbug throat infection — presented her local emergency services with a lactate monitor , a device to show when antibiotics are not working . “ Perhaps if Ann 's blood had been tested with such a monitor , we would be sharing a different story today , ” she said .
A further worrying development was reported last month by Public Health England , which revealed doctors were battling with a new treatment-resistant version of gonorrhoea , the common sexually transmitted infection that can cause permanent infertility .
Antibiotics work by destroying the cell walls of disease-causing bacteria , disrupting their repair mechanisms , or preventing cell multiplication . Existing treatments are called broad-spectrum , meaning they work against varieties of different bacteria . Doctors have prescribed them indiscriminately , secure in the knowledge that knocking out a variety of species at the same time will probably include the one causing the infection .
Attracting investment for new antibiotics is difficult . Despite the scale of a problem , which is ranked alongside terrorism and global warming as a major threat to mankind , drug companies can make much more money out of treatments for heart disease and cancer
Although the treatment has been liberally overused in the UK , overuse has been worse in the developing world . In addition , countries that permit routine use of antibiotics for pre-emptive dosing of intensively reared chickens , pigs and cattle , to prevent spread of infection in their cramped and unhygienic living conditions , has only encouraged the survival and proliferation of the deadliest bacteria , whose mutations have made them resistant to existing drugs .
“ There 's no doubt that the rate of antibiotic resistance is accelerating , ” says Dr Nick Brown , a Cambridge medical microbiologist who directs a global public awareness campaign called Antibiotic Action . “ Attracting investment for new antibiotics is difficult . Despite the scale of a problem , which is ranked alongside terrorism and global warming as a major threat to mankind , drug companies can make much more money out of treatments for heart disease and cancer . ”
In the past two years , however , levels of anxiety among doctors have been ratcheted up by new warnings from the WHO , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and an influential report commissioned by Dame Sally Davies , Britain 's chief medical officer , from Professor Jim O'Neill , a global authority on bacterial infection .
Prof O'Neill , whose report concluded that 10 million lives could be lost to superbug infections by 2050 , says : “ Key medical procedures such as gut surgery , caesarean sections , joint replacements and treatments that depress the immune system , such as chemotherapy for cancer , could become too dangerous to perform . ”
The WHO also fears the lack of commercial incentive for pharmaceutical companies to develop antibiotics . Last March , it published a list of 12 “ priority pathogens ” , including new treatment-resistant versions of run-of-the-mill bugs that routinely cause food poisoning , stomach and chest infections .
“ This list is a new tool to ensure [ drug ] researchers and developers respond to urgent public health needs , ” said WHO spokesman Dr Marie-Paule Kieny . “ Antibiotic resistance is growing and we are fast running out of treatment options . If we leave it to market forces alone , the new antibiotics we most urgently need are not going to be developed in time . ”
And that is the problem . “ We want to encourage the development of new drugs that are expensive to produce and we also want to restrict their use , ” says Lloyd Czaplewski , an antibiotic investment consultant . “ We need to decouple use from profit . It 's a bit like a fire extinguisher : you pay a lot for it , but hope you never have to use it . ”
In addition to the search for new antibiotics , other anti-superbug treatments include short-acting vaccines , targeted anti-bacterial antibodies or agents to attack specific bacterial properties ; and probiotics — “ good ” bacteria designed to crowd out disease-causing bugs .
Meanwhile , phages — the viruses capable of infecting and destroying targeted disease-causing bacteria – have been dramatically successful for some people . Tom Patterson , 71 , a professor of psychiatry at the University of California in San Diego , is one of the highest-profile beneficiaries of the technique . He almost died from septic shock after all known antibiotics were ineffective against an infection from a resistant bug called acinetobacter baumannii , which he contracted on holiday in Egypt two years ago . It was only through his medical contacts that he was able to get a targeted bacteriophage from the former Soviet republic of Georgia . “ It was quite simply , a miracle , ” said Prof Patterson , who had been expected to die . “ Within two days of receiving the therapy , I was getting better . ”
The phage technique was developed behind the Iron Curtain at a time when antibiotics were hard to come by . Although it is now being investigated as an alternative to antibiotics , it is fearsomely expensive , with each phage having to be tailored to an individual patient .
A variety of international collaborations have formed to tackle the problem of funding for unprofitable treatments designed to be used as sparingly as possible . The biggest investor has been the European Union 's Innovative Medicines Initiative ( IMI ) which since 2013 has been overseeing a vast pounds 620 million joint project between industry , academia and biotech companies .
The IMI collaboration is also co-operating with the Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria Biopharmaceutical Accelerator ( CARB-X ) , funded by the US government and the London-based Wellcome Trust medical charity . It has a pounds 320 million commitment to identify 20 potential new antibiotics and get at least two of them into human trials by 2021 .
Alongside this is the WHO 's pounds 240 million Global Antibiotic Research and Development Partnership ( GARDP ) , which is hoping to produce new potent forms of four existing antibiotics by 2023 .
Despite these apparently vast levels of investment , Mr Czaplewski says getting a candidate treatment to a stage where it may be considered for next-level funding is still too expensive for many ideas to get off the ground .
“ The charity sector is very under-represented in this field and that needs to change , ” he says . “ At the moment , there is a cancer research building on virtually every major university campus . If we 're going to make progress , we need attitudes to change so people realise antibiotic research is just as important . ”
There are garage sales in Gympie , Widgee and Chatsworth this morning .
There are garage sales in Gympie , Widgee and Chatsworth this morning . Contributed
MONSTER Sale at 5 Randall Street , Gympie . Something for everyone . Household furniture and lots of bric-a-brac , clothes , books , plus much more .
WIDGEE , 9 Tooth Drive . Sunday only from 6am , 04/02 . Car trailer with winch , household items , white goods , shed items , garden items and much more
GYMPIE , 90 Pine Street , ( enter Myall Street ) , Saturday February 3 from 6:30 am . Fridge , washing machine , fishing gear , over 200 Cheap items !
Chatsworth , 3 Torview Road , Saturday , 6:00 AM-10:00 AM , Household items , pushbikes , BMW roof racks , baby goods , office chairs , electrical items .
14:26 Reported News Briefs Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Iran defies Trump Read more Iran expands budget for those fighting ISIS , warns US not to threaten sovereign Arab countries in the Middle East . ► ◄ Last Briefs
2 South African communities issue quit notice to Nigerians
The Nigeria Union in South Africa on Wednesday accused two communities in that country of ordering Nigerians residing within their territories to leave . The President of the union , Mr Ikechukwu Anyene , told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on telephone from Pretoria that the Kuruman community in Northern Cape Province gave Nigerians till Friday to leave . Anyene also said that the Klaafontein community , Extension 5 , Johannesburg , directed landlords not to renew the rent of Nigerians in the area .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A PROJECT using innovative technology and practices to help farmers improve nutrient use efficiency on grazing farms in the South West has received substantial funding .
In the first round of the National Landcare Program 's Smart Farming initiative the Department of Water and Environmental Regulation has been awarded $ 2,365,000 over four years to reduce pressure on waterways and estuaries from excess nutrients and increase farmer productivity and profitability .
Projects earmarked for funding include Oyster Harbour , the Wilson Inlet and Lower Blackwood near Mayanup .
Federal O'Connor MP Rick Wilson said a key focus of the project would be facilitating behaviour change in farmers in relation to their current fertiliser use .
“ Farmers will be able to optimise their fertiliser use by establishing on-farm trials with ‘ champion farmers ' who will demonstrate the benefits of matching fertiliser application to productivity targets , ” Mr Wilson said .
“ Farmers will also have the opportunity to trial and implement innovative technology to measure pasture productivity and soil nutrient status .
“ This will help build confidence in farmers and enable them to reduce unnecessary fertiliser applications due to the perceived risk of loss of productivity and will greatly expand current soil testing programs . ”
Pioneering technology including near-infrared and x-ray fluorescence will be used to measure and manage productivity and nutrient status in crops with real-time information , while hand-held x-ray sensors will enable users to diagnose pasture health problems and measure plant tissue phosphorus , potassium and sulphur in real-time during the pasture growth season .
It is believed this delivery of accurate real-time data to farmers could significantly reduce costs associated with fertiliser use , soil health and plant tissue testing and expand opportunities for farmers to fine tune their nutrient use and significantly improve biodiversity protection requirements .
Commuters stranded on Mai Mahiu-Narok road after it was cut-off yet again – The Standard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
A `` Celebration of Life '' was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick , Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville . At the memorial , CA Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Dr. Vito Imbasciani saluted the victims for how they lived and how they served . `` So while we grieve with your family , in mourning this terrible loss , we also salute these brave women for how they lived and how they served , '' he said . `` We pray that their sacrifice will advance their purpose . In the words of a great French statesman , 'It is not tolerable , it is not possible that from so much death , so much sacrifice and ruin , so much heroism , a greater and better humanity shall not emerge . ' '' INCLUDE RELEVANT SOT HERE IF YOU CAN
OTTAWA — A plan to “ triage ” asylum seekers crossing the Canada-U.S. border illegally , in an effort to move some migrants out of Quebec and into Ontario , has stalled because Ontario is in the midst of a provincial election .
Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau says Ontario civil servants have been working on details of the plan with the federal government and Quebec , but nothing can be finalized until a new provincial government is in place .
“ There 's a lot of very hard work being done by civil servants who work for Immigration Ontario to look at the whole issue of the triage , which is more than just a reception centre . It 's the whole process of absorbing people who want to go to Ontario . And that entails resources — financial resources , and other kinds of resources , manpower resources , ” Garneau told reporters Wednesday .
“ There is an election going on and , when it 's all in place , there will be a requirement to get the new government of Ontario , whatever that government is , to sign onto that . ”
The ad hoc intergovernmental task force on irregular migration met Wednesday evening to discuss the ongoing issue of illegal border crossers and how to address pressures facing Quebec , where the vast majority of irregular migrants are arriving .
The group of federal and provincial officials also met last month , when they reached agreements on measures including the creation of a so-called triage system to identify asylum seekers interested in going to areas outside Montreal or Toronto to await the outcome of their refugee claims .
So far , the system has not materialized .
Quebec Immigration Minister David Heurtel says his province 's resources are becoming strained . More than 9,000 refugee claimants have crossed into Canada through unofficial paths along the border so far this year , with 90 per cent of them landing in Quebec .
A majority of the primarily Nigerian asylum seekers who have arrived this year have indicated they want to live in Ontario . That 's why Heurtel says he wants to see the triage system up and running , to help facilitate travel and other arrangements for those who want to go to Ontario .
“ For us it is important to see that people who do not want to be in Quebec do not have to stay in Quebec , ” he said in French .
Heurtel noted that all federal resources and claims processing centres for these migrants are in Montreal , which is why many of them are remaining there despite wanting to leave .
Garneau said all they can do is continue to work on the details , which he says are complex .
“ Very significant progress has been made on what is a fairly complex operation , ” he said .
“ It includes accommodations and other service that are provided . And of course , like Quebec , which is getting near full capacity , Toronto is getting near full capacity . So there 's also a conscious effort to see whether , while people are going to Ontario , whether they would go to smaller centres in Ontario . ”
Concerns have also been raised by both Quebec and Ontario about costs they say the provinces have borne as a result of the surge of irregular migrants .
They 're looking to Ottawa for reimbursement , with Quebec seeking $ 146 million and the city of Toronto recently stating it needs $ 64 million to recover its costs .
Garneau said Wednesday those financial negotiations are ongoing .
Meanwhile , federal Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said the month of May has seen a drop in the number of irregular migrants , which he attributes to getting the message out that crossing the border illegally is no free ticket to Canada .
In April , an average of 83 asylum seekers were crossing per day . So far in May the average has been 51 per day .
But Heurtel says the federal government must also do more to reduce the amount of time it takes to process the refugee claims .
Many of these border-crossers are well aware there are significant delays , and this is an incentive for them to come to Canada illegally , he said .
“ For us this is the heart of the problem . ”
-Follow @ ReporterTeresa on Twitter .
Was there ever an election that the Greens should have had a better chance of winning than the Batman byelection ? — Laura Tingle , 18.3.18 , AFR , p.4
Why yes 'm — about 15-20 more compact and distinct state seats around the country , several of which the Greens have won . Urban federal seats are four times the size of a state seat . Batman takes in very solid Labor areas , with booths recording a 75 % vote .
* * *
We have already seen Pauline Hanson slide in Queensland , Jacqui Lambie fail to make an impression in Tasmania , now Xenophon and the Greens . – Tingle , ibid .
Lambie got single digits , Hanson 13 % , Xenophon , 14 % half what he polled three months ago . The Greens won 39 % of the vote and 47 % of the two-party preferred in a Labor anchor seat , a dip of 3 % , after Labor replaced a curse with a nurse .
* * *
The Liberals are expected to lock in at least a 24-seat majority in South Australia 's 47-seat lower house … — Rob Manwaring , AFR , p.48
What ? They won 35.5 seats , to everyone 's else 's 11.5 seats ? Do n't get excited Rob . It 's a one-three seat majority .
* * *
Voters are turning on the minor parties after the Greens lost their push to claim the Federal Seat of Batman . — Joe Kelly , The Australian , 19.3.18 , p.6
Green gains , federal and state :
two state seats , Victoria 2014 ;
two lower house state seats , NSW 2015 ;
one Queensland seat 2017 ;
two upper house seats , West Australia 2017 ; and
one state seat byelection , Victoria 2018 .
Losses , federal and state :
One federal senator 2016 ; and
One Tasmanian seat 2018 .
Professor Wan na also said protest parties lacked the ability to give their candidates the kind of political ‘ apprenticeships ' … — Joe Kelly , ibid .
Keep doing that apprenticeship your Dad Paul got you at the Oz , young Joe , and you 'll be able to count eventually .
* *
Steven Marshall – having been cheekily dubbed the ‘ worst opposition leader in the state 's history ' by my colleague and ex-Labor numbers man Graham Richardson just two months ago , will become Premier after just eight years in parliament having achieved 53 % of the popular vote in his first election . — Chris Kenny , The Australian , 19.3.18 , p.7
SA Liberal vote , 2018 : 53 % . SA Liberal vote , 2014 : 53 % .
Labor years in power , 2018 : 16 . Swing to Labor , 2018 : 1.5 % .
Liberal majority : one-three , tops .
Chris Kenny 's byline : “ an unashamedly rationalist approach to politics ” .
* * *
Malcolm Turnbull 's ' cynical decision to sit the election out – hoping for a Greens victory – stood in stark contrast to Bill Shorten ' discipline … — Mark Butler , The Age , 19.3.18 , p.19
Candidates in 2009 Higgins byelection , occasioned by retirement of Peter Costello : Liberal , Kelly O'Dwyer ; Greens , Clive Hamilton : Labor …
More discipline :
The shadow climate change minister , Mark Butler , has warned the development of the Galilee basin is not in Australia 's national interest , because it would displace mining and jobs in existing coal regions , and would not help the world meet its obligations under the Paris climate agreement … Before Butler 's speech on Monday evening , [ Bill ] Shorten told reporters in Townsville there was a role for mining in Australia , and ‘ there is a role for coal in Australia ' , and he echoed CFMEU national president Tony Maher 's description of Adani last week as just “ another project ” . — Guardian , 19.2.18
More discipline :
Factional deals to determine preselections are … . holding the Labor party back , the outgoing party president , Mark Butler , has said… .. Butler singled out a proposed factional realignment in Victoria [ the AWU-HSU-Somyurek-CFMEU-RTBU deal ] which would have given a new bloc control over a new federal lower house seat as an example of “ backroom buffoonery [ that ] does not reflect a healthy party organisation ” . — Guardian , 23.1.18
The News and Documentary Emmy Awards were presented at a ceremony at Lincoln Center 's Frederick P. Rose Hall in New York City . In this event Sharmeen 's short documentary ‘ A Girl in the River : The Price of Forgiveness ' which tells the tale of honor killing in depth , received nominations in three categories : ‘ Best Documentary ' , ‘ Outstanding Short Documentary ' and ‘ Outstanding Music and Sound ' . However came out as a winner in the ‘ Best Documentary ' category .
On Wednesday morning , NASA rewarded five members of the public — two doctors , a dentist , an engineer and a product designer — for their creative ideas for how to poop in a spacesuit .
Yes , it sounds a little bit funny . But unmet toilet needs could have life or death consequences for an astronaut in an emergency situation .
That 's why thousands of people spent tens of thousands of hours on the `` Space Poop Challenge , '' brainstorming , modeling , prototyping and number-crunching to come up with a crowd-sourced solution to the problem of human waste in a spacesuit .
Currently , astronauts on spacewalks rely on diapers , which is a feasible solution for only a few hours at a time . As we explained in November , NASA is imagining a situation where an astronaut is stuck in a spacesuit for days — like during an emergency on future Orion missions , which will take astronauts far from Earth .
The super-portable-bathroom solution had to work quickly easily , in micro-gravity , without impeding movement , for both men and women , for solid and liquid waste . It could either store waste in the suit , or expel it . And it had to be comfortable .
Since the project launched on the HeroX crowdsourcing site back in October , nearly 20,000 people , from all over the world , submitted more than 5,000 ideas . They were competing for a total of $ 30,000 in prizes .
The winning solution came from Thatcher Cardon , an Air Force officer , family practice physician and flight surgeon . He says his design was inspired by minimally invasive surgical techniques — and a strong desire not to store the poop .
`` I never thought that keeping the waste in the suit would be any good , '' he told NPR . `` So I thought , 'How can we get in and out of the suit easily ? ' ``
`` I thought about what I know regarding less invasive surgeries like laparoscopy or arthroscopy or even endovascular techniques they use in cardiology — they can do some amazing things in very small openings .
`` I mean , they can even replace heart valves now through catheters in an artery . So it should be able to handle a little bit of poop ! ''
He designed a small airlock at the crotch of the suit , with a variety of items — including inflatable bedpans and diapers — that could be passed through the small opening and then expanded . His design even allows an astronaut to change underwear while inside the spacesuit , through the same small opening .
Cardon used an old flight suit to try some physical proto-typing , and his kids helped gather supplies . They were `` totally excited , '' he says . `` They lost their minds when I told them I won . ''
Second place went to a trio from Houston — a physician , an engineering professor and a dentist ( who also served as the team 's illustrator ) . All three had studied chemical engineering in college .
Stacey Louie , the environmental engineer on the team , said the different areas of expertise on the team were central to their solution . But before they fine-tuned their design , they had to discard a lot of ideas .
For instance , doctor and team leader Jose Gonzales says that he immediately thought of some medicine-inspired strategies that would be effective — but not at all comfortable .
`` You have to take into consideration , 'Is the astronaut going to be OK with this design ? ' `` Katherine Kin , the dentist and artist , notes . `` You have to have something that 's psychologically comfortable . ''
So internal catheters were out . Instead , Gonzales says , they used an air-powered system to push waste away from the body to store it elsewhere in the suit . `` More specifically , that air is created by passive and active normal body movements of the astronaut , '' Gonzales says .
A product designer from the U.K. , Hugo Shelley , placed third . He usually works with electronics and tech products , but he says for this contest , he went in the other direction — and tried to build a solution with as few electronic parts as possible .
`` I think we 're all aware of the dangers of things going wrong in space , '' he says . A simple design seemed safer , he says .
`` My mother 's a textile designer so I think I started off really thinking about materials , '' he says . `` Making something as comfortable as possible I thought was fairly important ... a lot of your mechanism really has to be in , effectively , the first few millimeters away from the skin . ''
His solution , the `` SWIMSuit - Zero Gravity Underwear , '' disinfects and stores waste inside the suit , like the second-place design does .
Cardon won $ 15,000 , while the trio from Houston took home $ 10,000 and Shelley netted $ 5,000 .
The next step is for NASA to start prototyping the ideas , and get working versions of a waste-management system up to the International Space Station for testing .
Dustin Gohmert , the Orion crew survival system project manager at NASA , explains that NASA will combine existing ideas with elements of the winning designs to create a solution that will , indeed , go into space .
`` Optimistically this will never be used , because it is a contingency scenario that something catastrophic has happened , '' he said . `` But this will be on Orion and should something happen , and should it be called on to save the crew , this will be there and at their disposal . ''
Shelley , the product designer , notes that research on how to improve waste management inside a spacesuit could also be useful in `` earth-bound applications '' — for people with incontinence or in high-pressure , critical job situations .
And while it was `` kind of odd '' to think about poop in space for weeks at a time , he says the project was `` quite exciting . ''
`` Yes , it 's an amusing thing to think about , but still it 's a part of a spacesuit — and there 's something incredibly thrilling about the space missions , '' he says .
And , he notes , `` you ca n't fully appreciate being an interplanetary explorer if you 've constantly got to use the bathroom and you ca n't . ''
Last night , Patti Smith brought along fellow rockers Bruce Springsteen and R.E.M 's Michael Stipe to join her on stage during a concert at New York 's Beacon Theater . The concert followed the Tribeca Film Festival 's premiere of the documentary Horses : Patti Smith and Her Band , which chronicled Smith 's 2015 tour for the 40th anniversary of her debut album , Horses .
In the videos , Bruce Springsteen joins Smith to perform “ Because the Night ” and then Michael Stipe joins the two for a performance of “ People Have the Power. ” Watch clips of both performances below .
RENO , Nev. ( AP ) — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “ Black people food ” — not “ White people food ” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary , according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination .
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken , BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $ 2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages , ride horses and take Wild West “ safaris ” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort .
Appling alleges he was fired in 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment . He says Pickens ' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line .
Among other things , he says Pickens , who is White , instructed him to terminate two other Black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “ bull ” or “ ox ” and another who had “ too much personality. ” He says she told him they did n't “ look like people we have working at the country club ” and did n't “ fit the image ” of the staff she wanted at the ranch .
Pickens ' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true , none of her comments were racially motivated . At worst , Pickens ' remarks “ reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy , rudeness or lack of sensitivity , ” they wrote in recent court filings .
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling 's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim . She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens ' nonprofit , Save America 's Mustangs .
“ It takes a lot to prove these allegations , ” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday .
Du agreed with Pickens ' lawyer , Dora Lane of Reno , that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “ Black people food . ”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry . Some restaurants serve Mexican food , others Chinese or Thai food , she said .
“ The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense , ” Lane argued in earlier court documents . “ This is especially true here , given that Pickens ' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for ‘ Black people food ' rather than a racial anima against ‘ Black people ' or ‘ Black people food . ' ”
Williams said Pickens ' comments about the fired employees “ not fitting in ” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite , private-club settings . Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a 5-month stint in Nevada .
“ In many cases , the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like ‘ they do not fit the image , ' ” Williams said in court documents . He added the use of the words “ ox ” and “ bull ” implies ownership of property , given “ America 's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners . ”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “ was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs . ”
“ Indeed , Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets , such as the ‘ N-word , ' ” she wrote in court documents .
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes .
Du agreed that Lane 's arguments focus on the “ plain meaning of words ” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “ African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas . ”
“ If the alleged comments were not directed at him , but others who look like him , it may affect his work environment , ” the judge said .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
If viewing on a mobile device , click here to watch live
The route for three Mardi Gras parades has been forced to change due to construction in downtown Baton Rouge .
The Baton Rouge Police Department reported the changes affect the Krewe of Artemis parade on Friday ( Feb. 2 ) . The Krewe of Orion parade and Krewe of Mystique parade , both Saturday ( Feb. 3 ) are also affected by the changes .
The changes are indicated on the attached map .
The Krewe of Orion has also been moved up due to the threat of rain over the weekend . The parade was originally scheduled to roll on Saturday at 6:30 p.m . The new start time has been bumped up to 5:30 p.m .
RELATED : Mardi Gras Parade Schedules
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
Following Istanbul attack , Turkish President vows his country will continue to fight terrorism and its backers `` till the end '' .
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Sunday said his country will continue to fight terrorism and its backers `` till the end '' , in a statement issued hours after the shooting attack on a nightclub in Istanbul in which 39 people were killed .
Erdoğan said the `` vicious attack '' in Istanbul clearly showed that terror does not discriminate but `` aims to hurt and kill '' , reported the Anadolu news agency .
`` Turkey is firm on doing whatever it takes to protect its citizens ' safety and peace in the region , '' the president added . `` Turkey will stand together and not give passage to dirty games of terrorists . ''
Erdoğan said that those who attack people 's peace aim to `` create chaos . ''
`` I offer my condolences to our citizens ' , to our foreign guests ' and to our security officer 's families and wish a speedy recovery to those injured , '' Erdoğan said . `` We are dedicated to eradicate attacks and threats to our country . ''
Among the 39 people killed in the attack was Lian Zaher Nassar , a 19-year old resident of the Israeli Arab town of Tira , located in the concentration of Arab towns and villages in central Israel known as the Triangle .
Nassar 's friend , Rawa Mansour , suffered moderate injuries in the attack . She was flown in from Turkey to Israel on Sunday evening and was taken for treatment at a hospital .
The attack in Istanbul came three weeks after two explosions outside a soccer stadium in Istanbul killed 29 people and wounded 166 .
In July , an attack on the Ataturk Airport in Istanbul left 45 people dead , including 19 foreigners .
No group has claimed responsibility for the New Year 's Eve attack , but Turkish authorities characterized the attack as a terrorist act .
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department is asking a judge to dismiss a lawsuit by Donald Trump 's former presidential campaign chairman .
Paul Manafort was indicted in October in special counsel Robert Mueller 's ( MUHL'-urs ) Russia investigation . A suit Manafort filed last month challenges the scope of Mueller 's appointment and authority .
The government says in a court filing Friday that a judge should throw out that suit .
Justice Department lawyers say federal courts are prohibited from interfering with ongoing criminal prosecutions — and that Mueller 's been operating properly and not exceeded his authority .
The department says if Manafort believes he 's being unfairly prosecuted , then he can file a motion in his criminal case to seek to have it dismissed .
Manafort is one of four people charged so far in Mueller 's investigation .
US speaks on Nigeria being giant of Africa
The United States of America has spoken on Nigeria being the giant of Africa . Speaking through its Consul General , Mr. F. John Bray , the United States said its continued support for Nigeria 's democratic process is rooted in its conviction that the country “ is key to Africa 's prosperity and stability. ” Bray said it is the belief [ … ]
US speaks on Nigeria being giant of Africa
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
United States ' Bobby Wood ( 9 ) celebrates his goal against Panama in front of cheering fans , with teammates Dax McCarty ( 13 ) and Michael Bradley ( 4 ) during the second half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Orlando , Fla . The United States won 4-0 . ( AP Photo/John Raoux )
ORLANDO , Florida ( AP ) — American soccer players do not want fly over 8,000 miles ( 12,800 kilometers ) to Malaysia next month for a playoff against Syria or make a more-than 7,000-mile ( 11,300km ) journey for a match in Australia .
After getting just one point in two September qualifiers , a loss to Panama on Friday night would have left the U.S. with one more chance to reach next year 's World Cup : by winning a playoff against the fifth-place nation in Asia . And the Americans were n't even assured of that .
`` We still knew that everything was in our hands . It still is , '' defender Matt Besler said after Friday night 's 4-0 rout of the Panamanians lifted the United States back into third place — the last automatic berth in the North and Central American and Caribbean region .
The Americans have overcome an 0-2 start and head into their final game of the hexagonal grouping on Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago with 12 points , two ahead of Panama and three ahead of Honduras , which plays Saturday at Costa Rica .
A win would put the U.S. in its eighth straight World Cup as long as Honduras does not defeat the Ticos and Mexico while overcoming its goal difference against the U.S. , which is currently 12 .
A draw at Trinidad would be sufficient unless Honduras wins its last two matches and Panama does not beat Costa Rica by eight goals ( or seven if Panama somehow overcomes its deficit in total goals vs. the U.S. , currently nine ) .
Retired goalkeeper Kasey Keller , now an ESPN analyst , said the reality of the situation hit the Americans after the 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and the 1-1 draw at Honduras .
`` Oh , boy . We do n't have any time . We have to put it right , '' Keller said of the thought process . `` So much of the rhetoric before the game was there had to be a start to this match that kind of emphasized the poor results from September , and I think you saw that . You needed stars to show up , and the U.S. 's biggest star showed up and scored the first , created the second . ''
Christian Pulisic , the 19-year-old from Hershey , Pennsylvania , who is a rising star with Germany 's Borussia Dortmund , helped energize the U.S. when he was shifted to central midfield from the flanks . He scored with a brilliant touch in the eighth minute and passed to Jozy Altidore , who doubled the lead in the 19th.Altidore converted a penalty kick in the 43rd and Bobby Wood got the final goal in the 63rd .
`` It was exactly what I expected , '' U.S. captain Michael Bradley said , `` and now we 've got to make sure that in a few days ' time were ready to go to Trinidad and after 15 games of qualifying make sure that we finish things off in the right way . ''
A playoff against Syria would raise the issue of whether President Donald Trump 's administration would allow opposing players to enter the U.S. for the first leg . Syria is among the nations in the administration 's current travel ban . A playoff against either team would include wearying travel , especially for American players based in Europe who would return home for the first leg , travel to Malaysia or Australia for the second , then return to Europe for matches with their clubs .
A Leighton Buzzard man who treats locals to a Christmas light display every year has added a snowman to the back of the house for 2017 .
Keith Siddle , 55 , of Highfield Road , has been decorating his house every December for fifteen years in a bid to raise money for local charities , this year he is raising funds for the Leighton Buzzard Rotary Club .
Keith 's christmas light display 2017
Keith said : “ I have been doing this for years now and every year I add something new , this year I have a snowman on the back of the house and the icicles at the front have been replaced with new ones .
“ The money raised will go to the Rotary Club , they are a local charity supporting this town . ”
The lights will be on every night from 5pm till 10.30pm until Friday , January 5 .
Keith added : “ If anyone would like to make a donation , could they please place it in an envelope and put through the letter box . ”
> > Send in photos of your Christmas light displays or festive decorations to news @ lbobserver.co.uk .
BEIJING ( AP ) - The co-chairman of HNA Group , a conglomerate that operates China 's fourth-largest airline and finance , logistics and other businesses around the world , died in an accident while on a business trip in France , the company said Wednesday .
Wang Jian , a co-founder of the company , suffered `` severe injuries '' in a fall in Provence in southern France and died Tuesday at age 57 , said an HNA Group statement . It gave no other details .
Regional French media outlet France Bleu said Wang fell a dozen or so meters ( yards ) while taking photos on a high wall in Bonnieux , a town in a region famed for its panoramic views .
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan , HNA expanded into finance , hotels , logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree .
More recently , HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt .
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China and received an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands , according to his company .
HNA agreed last year to acquire a hedge fund operated by Anthony Scaramucci , an aide to U.S. President Donald Trump . That never received regulatory approval and the two sides called off the deal in April .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Over the last two years , Kompakt records co-founder Wolfgang Voigt has revived his ambient techno project Gas after a 17-year hiatus , releasing the very good new album Narkopop and a box set reissue of his four seminal late-'90s records . It appears that the alias is n't going into hibernation any time soon . Today , Voigt announced a new Gas album called Rausch , which is being billed as a single long piece of music . Accordingly , there is n't an advance single to be heard , just a minute and a half of hovering atmosphere in the album trailer below . Rausch arrives on CD and 2xLP via Kompakt May 18 .
ISLAMABAD — A Pakistani rights group has appealed on Indonesia to free on humanitarian grounds a terminally ill Pakistani convict on death row .
The Justice Project Pakistan , which opposes capital punishment , said in a statement Thursday that 54-year-old Zulfiqar Ali could soon die after his health deteriorated while in a Jakarta prison hospital .
There was no immediate response from Indonesia .
Ali was arrested in November 2004 and later convicted on drug smuggling charges which carry the death sentence in Indonesia . The rights group claims his trial was unfair and that he was wrongfully convicted .
Sarah Belal , executive director at Justice Project Pakistan , said they can not save Ali 's life but are trying to help him “ die a free man . ”
Pakistani President Mamnoon Hussain has asked Indonesia President Joko “ Jokowi ” Widodo to pardon Ali .
Friends With Hearts give to children in need
It was a record breaking year of giving for a local charitable organization .
Thousands of less fortunate children in Hamilton will be getting presents this Christmas thanks to an initiative one man began six years ago , with a single tweet .
In a studio in downtown Hamilton , dozens of volunteers spent their Sunday wrapping boxes upon boxes of toys for children .
The founder of Friends With Hearts , Jay Perry , says six years ago he was just looking to sponsor one family . Now , Friends With Hearts is serving thousands .
The money goes towards buying toys for children of all ages . Friends With Hearts works with the Good Shepherd to distribute the goods to families in need .
But the children will be opening more than toys .
Today volunteers were wrapping diapers , baby clothes , pyjamas , winter coats , hats and mits .
Representatives from the Good Shepherd say , families and even children request basic necessities that many of us take for granted , like underwear , socks , and scarves . They say taking time to give to complete strangers during the holidays is a gift in itself .
This enormous mountain of toys will not only put smiles on the faces on thousands of children , but it will also provide a sense of relief for parents and even grandparents in our community .
Many families brought their children , to teach them that christmas is not just about receiving .
The wrapping was done with smiles all around .
The founder of Friends With Hearts says the toys could easily be delivered to the Good Sheppard un-wrapped , but he chooses to hold a wrapping party every year so that those who can not give money can still donate their time .
LAKE FOREST , Ill. — There were no major revelations or bold proclamations from Chicago Bears general manager Ryan Pace heading into the draft .
“ This time of year I think it 's OK to be a little boring in these moments , ” Pace said Tuesday .
He 's saving the excitement for when the draft starts on Thursday .
Pace has shown he 's not afraid to make a bold move to get the player he wants . And with the No . 8 pick , the Bears have a chance to land a difference-maker whether they stand pat or make a trade .
Pace staked his reputation last year to Mitchell Trubisky when he traded up a spot with San Francisco to grab the quarterback he believes is the one to help energize a struggling franchise with the second pick .
In 2016 , Pace moved up two spots with Tampa Bay to land outside linebacker Leonard Floyd at No . 9 .
“ I think when we identify a guy that we like — and there 's unified vision in the building of a player that we want — I do n't think we 're ever afraid to go up and get that guy , ” he said .
“ I 'd rather do that and ensure we get that guy , than he goes right before you and everybody walks out of the draft room , you know , a little bit disappointed . ”
There has been plenty of disappointment at Halas Hall and Soldier Field in recent years .
The Bears have four straight last-place finishes in the NFC North and just one trip to the playoffs since the 2006 team 's run to the Super Bowl .
Even so , they believe they have the quarterback in place to lift a struggling franchise .
They 've spent the off-season trying to surround him with the pieces he needs to reach his potential , hiring offensive-minded coach Matt Nagy to replace John Fox and signing receiver Allen Robinson .
Now , they have another chance to land a major contributor . Whether they go for help on offence or a potential centerpiece on defence in the first round , Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson and Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith would seem to fit .
Pace said the Bears have identified eight players they would be comfortable taking at No . 8 . None are quarterbacks , though he believes a strong class this year works to Chicago 's advantage .
Pace was also asked about the decision to let receiver Cameron Meredith sign with New Orleans . The team 's leading receiver in 2016 , he missed last season because of a knee injury .
Because the Bears tendered him at the low restricted free agent level , they did not get any compensation from the Saints .
“ Obviously he was coming off an injury , ” said Pace , who worked in New Orleans ' front office before the Bears hired him as GM in 2015 .
“ We lean on our training staff and our docs . Hey , I 've got a lot of respect for Cam and a lot of respect for the organization he went to ( Saints ) . We wish him luck . ”
Pace also said the Bears will decide whether to pick up receiver Kevin White 's fifth-year option after the draft .
It seems unlikely they will , considering the West Virginia product has been limited to just five games since Chicago selected him with the No . 7 pick in 2015 .
“ Right now it 's all focused on the draft , ” Pace said . “ Then once the draft 's over , we 'll meet with him and his agent and make that decision . ”
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
DOHUK , Northern Iraq ( CNN ) -- Could he help make Iraqi Kurdistan great again ?
Some people here are so convinced he will that they are showing their love for Donald Trump in unusual ways .
One , Nadyar Zawiti , has jumped on the Trump train particularly enthusiastically , naming his fish restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Dohuk after the US President-elect .
Zawiti heard Trump say during the campaign that he was a big fan of Kurdish forces , and called for the US to arm them in their fight against ISIS .
He 's hoping the incoming president will make good on his promise -- so much so that he named his new restaurant Trump Fish .
`` What I admire about Trump 's personality , '' Zawite says , `` is that he 's decisive , he 's tough , and hopefully with that toughness he 'll finish ISIS off . ''
The restaurant 's logo -- featuring San Diego Chargers-style lightning bolts where Trump 's hair and eyebrows should be -- was taken from a 2015 Uproxx story that injected a Trump theme into the logo of every NFL team .
The restaurant sells `` maskouf , '' Iraq 's national dish of oily carp cooked over an open fire .
Nadyar shrugs off Trump 's controversial pledge to ban all Muslims from entering the US as mere campaign rhetoric .
He even hopes to someday open a branch of Trump Fish near the White House -- if Trump will invite him in , that is .
He 's not the only dedicated fan of the President-elect to be found in the region .
Hassan Jamil , a Peshmerga fighter on leave , even named his newborn baby Trump Hassan Jamil .
Of the unusual choice of moniker bestowed on the three-week-old , Jamil explained : `` I called him Trump because he is charismatic and has clear policies and that 's why he won the election . ''
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
REGINA — Jeremiah Masoli is looking to join some select company as he continues to emerge as the face of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats ' resurgence .
The quarterback needs one more game of 300-plus yards passing to tie a long-standing CFL record currently shared by Sam ( The Rifle ) Etcheverry and Kent Austin .
Etcheverry had nine consecutive games of at least 300 passing yards for the Montreal Alouettes in 1956 . Austin matched that feat in 1991 as a member of the Saskatchewan Roughriders — who Masoli and the Ticats face Thursday at Mosaic Stadium .
Masoli , who became the Tiger-Cats ' starting quarterback in their ninth game of 2017 , hit the 300-yard mark in the final five games of that season . He has hit that benchmark in the first three games this season while leading the Ticats to back-to-back victories .
“ The significance of ( the streak ) is it 's a good sign that our offence is rolling and that we 're executing , ” Masoli said Wednesday . “ As long as we win these games , we 'll be all right . ”
While Masoli 's play has heated up , he has cooled off stories about his backup , former Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Manziel .
Manziel has been a huge story across the league since signing with Hamilton shortly before training camp , but he has yet to take a regular-season snap due to the strong play of Masoli .
“ It was definitely important to play well early on , ” Masoli said when asked about dealing with the hype surrounding Manziel . “ I 've got a lot of great teammates that make it easy . ”
Masoli said Manziel has fit in nicely with the club .
“ He is just like everybody else — another one of the guys on the team , ” Masoli said . “ He 's another one of the teammates who are contributing to help us win . ”
Masoli is making his second start against Saskatchewan . On Sept. 15 , game last season he threw for 328 yards and one touchdown , with two interceptions , as the Roughriders won 27-19 at Tim Hortons Field . He also rushed nine times for 62 yards .
Along the way , Masoli has impressed Roughriders head coach and general manager Chris Jones .
“ I think the maturity 's there , ” Jones said . “ I think the comfort in the offence certainly is there .
“ ( Ticats head coach June Jones ) and his staff are doing an outstanding job . When his back foot hits the ground , the ball is coming out . He knows where to go with it and he can spin it as good as anybody right now . ”
Saskatchewan quarterback Brandon Bridge is preparing to make his second consecutive start in place of ex-Tiger-Cat Zach Collaros , who is on the six-game injured list with a concussion .
On Saturday , Jones pulled Bridge at halftime of a game against the visiting Alouettes , who won 23-17 in Regina to snap a 13-game losing streak .
Bridge was replaced last week by untested David Watford , who hit Naaman Roosevelt in the end zone for the Roughriders ' only touchdown .
Like Bridge , Watford threw two interceptions in the loss to Montreal .
Jones indicated Thursday that he is prepared to turn to Watford again in the event that Bridge struggles — not unlike last season , when Jones routinely used Bridge when starter Kevin Glenn was struggling .
——
HAMILTON ( 2-1 ) AT SASKATCHEWAN ( 1-2 )
Thursday , Mosaic Stadium
CARTER THE CORNER : Five days after going against Montreal Alouettes speedster Chris Williams , Roughriders receiver-turned-cornerback Duron Carter is likely to see plenty of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats ' Brandon Banks — another premier deep threat .
BRIDGING THE GAP : With Zach Collaros ( concussion ) on the six-game injured list , the Roughriders are hoping to get by with Brandon Bridge starting at quarterback . Bridge struggled in Saturday 's 23-17 loss to Montreal .
LINE OF WORK : Whereas the Roughriders ' offensive line has been porous this year , the Tiger-Cats boast a fearsome front four . Defensive tackle Ted Laurent could take over the game unless the Roughriders ' interior offensive linemen can quickly upgrade their play .
SHOTGUN VS. POPGUN : Hamilton is leading the league in average net offence ( 457.3 yards per game ) , while Saskatchewan is sixth at only 303.3 .
NEW TUNE UNDER JUNE : The Tiger-Cats had an 0-8 record last season before installing June Jones as the head coach . Under Jones , Hamilton has an 8-5 record .
What do you call a second chance when you never had a first ?
For two young men at the heart of Transfers , Lucy Thurber 's resonant and thought-provoking new play that opened off-Broadway at the Lucille Lortel Theatre last night , a special scholarship to a prestigious liberal arts college comes to feel like the only shot they have left . In a finely calibrated production directed by Jackson Gay for MCC , Thurber 's play sheds welcome light on the roots of systemic inequality through the lens of distinctly individual human dramas .
It 's a snowy evening at a small New England motel , where David ( Glenn Davis ) is prepping two candidates for morning interviews with the scholarship committee at a nearby elite school . David works for Democracy Now , a private foundation where his gig is recruiting students from underprivileged backgrounds gain the sort of access that 's otherwise beyond their reach .
Clarence ( Ato Blankson-Wood ) and Christofer ( Juan Castano ) go to the same community college . They grew up across the street from each other in the Bronx , where their acquaintance was tenuous ; Christofer is a mouthy star wrestler , raised by his grandmother , Clarence , more bookish and buttoned-up , went to live with his aunt in Brooklyn after falling in with the wrong crowd — and coming out as gay in a neighborhood where being queer is anathema .
Of the two , Clarence is the very image of a model minority , while the freewheeling Christofer , who feels obliged to tell David that Clarence is “ super into sucking dick and shit , like for real ” — since the three of them are sharing one room and all — often masks his best intentions behind a disregard for respectability politics .
After a revealing and emotional night in their company , we see each of their interviews the following morning and ultimately listen in on the committee 's decision within the play 's 100 minutes . Gay 's staging unfolds seamlessly on Donyale Werle 's versatile set , which transforms into a handful of different rooms with slight , swift alterations .
Schematically , Thurber 's nimbly assembled play echoes the application process , while allowing us personal insight into the people who make up the system — from advocates and deciders to the students whose lives might be forever changed by a single opportunity doled out of the course of an afternoon . In dramatizing what may otherwise seem to come down to test scores , report cards , and quotas on the page , Thurber shows how slippery first impressions — and assumptions based on appearance — can be .
This is particularly true of the play 's standout scene and emotional high point , Christofer 's sit-down with Rose ( the school 's rugby coach played by Samantha Soule ) , which starts out terribly ( “ You 're kinda acting like a jerk , ” she tells him point blank ) . As the interview lurches forward , they 're revealed to be more alike than anyone might have guessed — in a scene that feels disarmingly frank rather than pat like an after-school special .
When Geoffrey ( Leon Addison Brown ) , the literature professor who interviews Clarence , asks what set him in motion , Clarence confesses that he 's gay . “ That 's not — my eyes or my mouth or my mind — but it is the thing , the thing that set me in motion . Where I come from… it 's not something , well , it 's just not . It 's not . And I am , ” he says . Clarence 's conviction , as a result of coming out and accepting himself , that “ no matter what — there is always beauty ” may be the best education of all .
Recent theatre features…
Time 's Up ? Not So Fast : ‘ Carousel ' Is Back on Broadway : REVIEW
In ‘ This Flat Earth , ' Growing Up in the Shadow of a School Shooting
Get in , Losers : The ‘ Mean Girls ' Musical Is Fun as Hell : REVIEW
In ‘ Three Tall Women ' and ‘ Yerma , ' Stunning Portraits of Women on the Verge : REVIEW
Chris Evans and Michael Cera Are Men in Uniform in Kenneth Lonergan 's Superb ‘ Lobby Hero ' : REVIEW
Andrew Garfield and Nathan Lane Star in Electrifying ‘ Angels in America ' : REVIEW
A Slushy ‘ Frozen ' Opens on Broadway : REVIEW
Jimmy Buffett Serves up ‘ Margaritaville ' on Broadway , Tequila Goggles Sold Separately : REVIEW
Follow Naveen Kumar on Twitter : @ Mr_NaveenKumar
( photos : joan marcus )
A teenager was killed and a woman was injured after a package exploded at an East Austin home on Monday morning , ABC News reported .
A teenager was killed and a woman was injured after a package exploded at an East Austin home on Monday morning , ABC News reported .
Authorities increase reward offer to $ 100,000 for information leading to arrest of suspect in package bombings
Authorities increase reward offer to $ 100,000 for information leading to arrest of suspect in package bombings
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . A police vehicle blocks a road leading to the scene of an explosion , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas .
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . A bomb detecting unit walks along a street near the scene of an explosion , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas .
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . FBI agents work the scene of an explosion in Austin , Texas , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas ' capital late Sunday , after three package bombs detonat ...
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Interim Austin police Chief Brian Manley , center , talks to the media after an explosion , early Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . The area around the explosion site has been blocked off and authorities are interviewing neigh ...
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . FBI agents meet at the scene of an explosion in Austin , Texas , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas ' capital late Sunday , after three package bombs deto ...
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - The Latest on the bombings in Austin , Texas ( all times local ) :
1 p.m .
The PGA Tour , which is staging the Dell Match Play Championship in west Austin this week , says its security advisers are collaborating closely with law enforcement to try to ensure the safety of players and fans .
The PGA said Monday that it does n't comment on the specifics of its security measures , but that the safety of players and fans is its top priority .
Austin has been the site of four bombings this month , including one Sunday night that was triggered by a tripwire and seriously injured two men . The first three attacks used package bombs left on people 's doorsteps . They killed two people and injured two others .
Authorities believe the attacks are the work of a serial bomber .
___
12:40 p.m .
Those who live in the Austin neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings injured two men are expressing a mix of fear and other emotions , including surprise and confusion .
Laura McGinnis , who lives in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin , said Monday that Sunday night 's attack is frightening but that it has n't personally affected her yet . However , she says the bombing and three others elsewhere in the city this month make her wonder why the bomber has n't been caught .
Adam McGinnis , who also lives in the neighborhood , says he was reading on his back porch Sunday night when he heard what sounded like a large gun blast . He says he figured it must have been a transformer that blew and did n't realize it was a bombing until his wife told him Monday morning .
Authorities say they believe all four blasts are the work of a serial bomber . The attacks have killed two people and injured four others .
___
12:10 p.m .
An FBI investigator says he hopes the latest bombing in Texas ' capital city is n't the bomber 's way of reaching out to law enforcement .
Authorities have been calling on the person or people behind this month 's string of bombings in Austin to let them know the reasons for the attacks .
Christopher Combs , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio division , told The Associated Press on Monday that investigators are looking for a dialogue with the bomber . He notes that the stakes `` went up a lot '' on Sunday with the bomber 's use of a tripwire . Two men were seriously injured .
Combs , who is investigating the Austin attacks , says , `` The bomber has obviously shown us that he has the ability to make more complex devices , to hurt more people , to be more random . And that 's not good . That why we need to talk to the bomber about what is going on . ''
___
11:45 a.m .
Authorities say the latest bomb to go off in the Texas capital of Austin was anchored to a metal yard sign near a hiking trail and equipped with a fishing line-thin tripwire .
Frederick Milanowski , the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , said at a news conference Monday that the wire or filament that detonated the bomb Sunday night would have been very difficult to see .
Two men received significant injuries in the blast . Authorities say that although it is different from the three package bombings that killed two people and injured two others elsewhere in the city this month , they believe they are all the work of a serial bomber or bombers .
Milanowski says investigators have received more than 500 leads since the first bombing on March 2 and they are looking at several persons of interest .
___
11:20 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says officers have completed a sweep of the neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings occurred and deemed it safe , but he asked those who live there to remain indoors until 2 p.m .
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although officers did n't find anything suspicious while canvassing the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country , investigators are still collecting evidence .
Authorities say that although Sunday night 's bombing differed from three earlier this month , they believe they were the work of a serial bomber or bombers . Two men received significant injuries in Sunday 's attack . It apparently involved a bomb placed alongside a fence and a tripwire that the men triggered while walking their bikes between the fence and a street .
The first three attacks used package bombs left on people 's doorsteps . Those attacks killed two people and injured two others .
___
11 a.m .
Authorities are urging the public to provide surveillance video that could assist in the investigation into the string of bombings in the Texas capital of Austin .
During a news conference Monday , police Chief Brian Manley asked homeowners and others to forward video to investigators that might offer insight into the bombing Sunday night or three earlier this month .
The latest explosion injured two men in their 20s who were riding or walking their bicycles through a neighborhood in southwestern Austin . The earlier blasts killed two people and injured two others and happened in other parts of the city .
Authorities say the device that detonated Sunday featured a tripwire and was left near a road , while the prior bombings involved packages left on people 's doorsteps .
___
10:50 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says the four bombings that have killed two people and injured four others in Texas ' capital city this month is believed to be the work of a serial bomber .
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that Sunday night 's explosion that injured two men marks a `` significant change '' from the first three because it was triggered by a tripwire that would have hit any random person walking by it . The first three attacks were carried out with package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
Manley says as investigators search for a pattern in the attacks , they will try to determine if there is a specific ideology motivating them .
The attack Sunday happened in a southwestern Austin residential neighborhood that is n't close to the sites of the first three attacks .
___
10:25 a.m .
Authorities have called on the person or people behind the bombings in Austin , Texas , to reach out to the police to let them know why they 're setting off the explosives .
Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday that it 's too soon to say whether Sunday night 's bombing that injured two men could have been a response to his call for those behind the bombings to reach out .
Manley says investigators see `` similarities '' between Sunday night 's bomb and three others this month that killed two people and injured two others . But he says Sunday 's differed in that it involved a tripwire whereas the others were package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
Frederick Milanowski , the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , says the latest bomb is `` more sophisticated '' because it used a tripwire .
___
10:15 a.m .
Authorities say investigators see `` similarities '' between the latest bomb to detonate in Texas ' capital city and three bombs that went off earlier this month .
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although the bomb that injured two men Sunday night seems linked to the three previous ones , the latest bomb involved a tripwire and those three were package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
Frederick Milanowski , the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , says the latest bomb is `` more sophisticated '' because it used a tripwire .
Manley says the two victims are men ages 22 and 23 and that they are hospitalized in stable condition with significant injuries .
Both men are white , as opposed to the victims of the three prior bombings , who were black or Hispanic . Those attacks killed two people and injured two others .
___
9 a.m .
Austin 's mayor says growing anxieties are `` legitimate and real '' following the fourth bombing in the city this month .
Mayor Steve Adler told The Associated Press on Monday that residents should n't think twice about calling 911 if they see anything suspicious . A blast occurred Sunday night in a neighborhood far from the sites of the three package bombings in Austin this month .
Police have n't confirmed the latest explosion , which injured two men who were riding or pushing bikes , is related to the first three , but they 're looking into the possibility .
Authorities say Sunday 's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed a different level of skill from previous blasts . Adler says the concern now is that `` the methodology has changed . ''
___
8:30 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says the two men injured in the most recent bombing in Austin were riding or pushing bicycles when the explosives detonated .
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' on Monday that Sunday night 's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed `` a different level of skill . '' The attack differed from three earlier blasts in Austin this month , which were caused by package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
The men injured in Sunday 's blast were white , unlike the victims of the first three bombings , who were black or Hispanic .
Authorities have cordoned off the neighborhood where the bomb went off Sunday night and have warned residents to remain indoors while officers check for anything suspicious .
___
8:20 a.m .
The University of Texas ' campus police force is warning students returning from spring break to be aware of the four recent bombings to hit Austin , saying , `` We must look out for one another . ''
In a tweet Monday , UT Austin police said , `` When you get on campus this morning ASK your friends if they 've heard about the bombings . TELL them about the incidents . ''
It also urged students to report suspicious items to the authorities . Classes were resuming Monday after a week off .
A blast triggered by a tripwire in a residential neighborhood Sunday night injured two men . Three previous package bombs detonated in different parts of the city since March 2 , killing two people and injured two more .
None of those incidents were close to the university 's sprawling campus near the heart of Austin .
___
8 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says the latest bombing to hit the city was detonated by a tripwire , `` showing a different level of skill . ''
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' on Monday that both of the men injured in Sunday night 's blast are white , unlike the victims in the city 's three previous bombings this month , who were black or Hispanic .
Sunday night 's explosion happened in the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country . The three previous bombings happened two-plus weeks in residential neighborhoods east of Interstate 35 , which divides the city .
Authorities have warned Travis Country residents to remain indoors until 10 a.m. as police scour the area for anything suspicious .
___
7:25 a.m .
Police have warned residents near the site of the latest explosion in Austin to remain indoors and to call 911 if they need to leave home before 10 a.m .
Authorities say Sunday night 's explosion in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin injured two men and may have been triggered by a tripwire . The police chief repeated his warning to residents not to touch or approach suspicious packages .
Investigators are trying to determine whether the blast is related to three package bombings this month in other parts of the city that killed two people and injured two others .
Austin 's school district announced that buses would n't be going into the Travis Country neighborhood .
Authorities had already offered $ 115,000 in rewards for information leading to an arrest in the first three bombings .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Authorities are asking for help finding a hit-and-run driver who critically injured a 13-year-old boy on a bicycle on New Year 's Eve .
Cameron Fuller was riding the bike he had just received for Christmas when he was hit early Saturday evening .
The Florida Highway Patrol said a vehicle was traveling south on US-41 when another vehicle crossed the road in its path .
That caused the driver to fail to see the teen on the bicycle .
The vehicle failed to stop . It was described as a green Chevrolet Suburban and should have damage in the area of the left front headlight .
Fuller was airlifted to Tampa General Hospital and remains in critical condition .
Anyone with information is asked to contact the FPH at 813-631-4020 or Crime Stoppers . There 's a $ 3,000 reward for information that leads to an arrest .
Tonight at 6 , Fuller 's family pleas for your help finding the driver .
About Steven L. Taylor
Steven L. Taylor is Professor of Political Science and Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Troy University . His main areas of expertise include parties , elections , and the institutional design of democracies . His most recent book is the co-authored A Different Democracy : American Government in a 31-Country Perspective . He earned his Ph.D. from the University of Texas and his BA from the University of California , Irvine . He has been blogging since 2003 ( originally at the now defunct Poliblog ) . Follow Steven on Twitter
Pilots for Delta Air Lines ' wholly owned subsidiary and regional carrier Endeavor Air , represented by the Air Line Pilots Association ( ALPA ) , has reached a tentative agreement with management on an extension of their existing contract through to Jan. 1 , 2024 .
Specific details of revisions to the contract were not revealed .
Endeavor pilots will consider the agreement and begin casting votes for its ratification in November , concluding the vote at month 's end .
Endeavor Air flies for Delta as Delta Connection , operating 136 regional jets on 700 daily flights to 120 cities in the US and nine cities in Canada . Endeavor is based in Minneapolis , Minnesota and maintains hub operations at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , Detroit Metropolitan Airport , Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport and New York City , at both New York JFK and La Guardia .
In August , Endeavor parent Delta ended its regional flying contract with SkyWest Inc. subsidiary ExpressJet and decided to move 31 Bombardier CRJs to Endeavor Air . The 28 CRJ900s and three CRJ700s will operate from Atlanta as Delta Connection flights . The move will increase Endeavor 's fleet to 154 aircraft by July 2018 , beefing up Endeavor 's 76-seat fleet to 112 aircraft while reducing Endeavor 's fleet of 50-seat CRJ-200s from 58 to 42 .
Endeavor has approximately 4,000 employees—42 % of which are pilots—and transports over 10 million passengers per year .
Mark Nensel mark.nensel @ penton.com
Cyclists of all ages and abilities will gather in Leeds city centre this weekend as they push for a safer network of bike-friendly routes .
The Leeds Cycling Campaign have organised the Space for Cycling ride , which will start from Millennium Square at 12pm on Saturday .
The group will ride around the streets in an orderly manner to promote their aims , before heading out to Kirkstall Abbey for a picnic lunch .
The organisers want to urge Leeds City Council to plan new cycle routes , invest 5-10 per cent of the transport budget in cycling , and build up-to-date infrastructure , such as new cycle lanes .
The family-friendly event will celebrate the sport , and riders are encouraged to decorate their bikes , while the pace of the ride will be slow and easy .
There will be speakers at the start of the gathering and an information stand on the Square , and two feeder rides will join the event from the suburbs .
Anyone who rides a bike is welcome to attend , whatever their level of experience or ability .
Visit the Leeds Cycling Campaign Facebook page to find out more .
Saraki 's victory at CCT : What Nigerians are saying
Nigerians have taken to the social media to react to the Code of Conduct Tribunal 's dismissal of the charges of false assets declaration against Senate President , Bukola Saraki . In his ruling , Chairman of the tribunal , Danladi Umar , declared that the prosecution team had failed to provide sufficient evidence to prove that Saraki was indeed guilty [ … ]
Saraki 's victory at CCT : What Nigerians are saying
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PORTSMOUTH , N.H. — More than 100 people will celebrate Independence Day in New Hampshire by becoming U.S. citizens .
The naturalization ceremony at Strawbery Banke in Portsmouth is part of the museum 's annual “ American Celebration . ”
Sens . Jeanne Shaheen and Maggie Hassan , and Gov . Chris Sununu will attend the ceremony presided over by Judge Joseph Laplante . The 102 people becoming citizens come from 48 countries .
The museum also will be hosting a patriotic parade and an old fashioned Field Day .
A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince 's friend to protect the musician 's priv…
DORTMUND , Germany — Borussia Dortmund sacked Peter Bosz as coach after managing just one win in 13 games across all competitions and named former Cologne coach Peter Stoeger as his replacement on Sunday .
Stoeger was sacked as Cologne coach the previous Sunday after his side failed to win any of its opening 14 Bundesliga games of the season .
The club said the 51-year-old Stoeger and his assistant coach Manfred Schmidt , who was also let go by Cologne , were signed until June 30 , 2018 .
Stoeger , who joined Cologne in 2013 and led it to promotion from the second division in his first season , said it was a “ surprising situation ” to be called Saturday night by Dortmund , “ but also an extraordinary chance for me . ”
Stoeger oversaw steady progress at Cologne , culminating in fifth place and Europa League qualification last season . But this season did n't go to plan .
Bosz 's last game in charge of Dortmund was Saturday 's 2-1 defeat at home to relegation-threatened Werder Bremen , a loss that stretched the side 's winless run to eight games in the league .
“ We decided yesterday evening in a talk with Peter Bosz that we 're letting him go with immediate effect , ” Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke said . “ It was emotional . ”
Dortmund previously had a 41-game unbeaten run at home , but since Leipzig inflicted a 3-2 loss on Oct. 14 , the side slumped to two defeats and a draw at the Westfalenstadion . The draw came after squandering a four-goal lead to allow bitter rival Schalke to draw 4-4 .
Bosz led Dortmund to its best-ever start in the Bundesliga with six wins and a draw from seven games and a league-high goal difference of 19 . It led the league by five points after beating Augsburg 2-1 away on Sept. 30 but has n't won since .
Now the side trails Bayern Munich by 13 points , a turnaround of 18 in just eight rounds .
Dortmund next faces a trip to Mainz in the Bundesliga on Tuesday .
“ We 're training today at 3 p.m . There 's another training session tomorrow , then we 'll make our way to the opponent , ” Stoeger said . “ For now it 's about empathy and getting to know the team and the staff . ”
Sunday 's training session was forced indoors , however , due to heavy snow .
Bosz , who led Ajax Amsterdam to the Europa League final and second place in the Dutch league last season , was hired in June as a replacement for Thomas Tuchel , sacked the week before despite winning the German Cup after falling out with club management .
Watzke and sporting director Michael Zorc were keen on Bosz 's style of attacking football , continuing a mould started by Juergen Klopp , who won two successive Bundesliga titles , before it was refined under Tuchel , who took over in 2015 .
The 54-year-old Bosz , a fluent German-speaker , signed a two-year contract with Dortmund . Watzke said at the time the club assumed it would be longer .
“ Unfortunately we all failed to achieve the desired results to the circumstances . I am so sorry about that , ” Bosz was quoted as saying on Dortmund 's website , where he thanked the club , the team and the fans .
“ For the future , I wish the best for the club and will keep my fingers crossed , ” Bosz said .
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
RHINELANDER ( WAOW ) – Prosecutors on Wednesday reduced from a felony to a misdemeanor accusation that a Manitowoc man shot a black wolf on the opening weekend of gun deer season from a stand near where shell corn was spread on the ground , according to online Oneida County court records .
Source : WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
GAINESVILLE , Fla. — Alabama coach Avery Johnson had a “ conversation ” at halftime with his team , a “ great talk ” about reducing turnovers and making better decisions .
His message was loud and clear . It was well-received , too .
Collin Sexton scored 17 points , Donta Hall notched his fourth double-double of the season , and Alabama rallied from a 10-point deficit to thump No . 23 Florida 68-50 Saturday .
Sexton added eight rebounds and six assists for the Crimson Tide ( 15-8 , 6-4 Southeastern Conference ) , which dominated the second half and improved to 2-4 on the road .
“ We basically looked like we had never practiced before in our lives offensively in the first half , throwing the ball all over the gym , too many turnovers , ” Johnson said , noting his team 's 14 turnovers in the first 20 minutes .
Johnson ripped into his players in the locker room , and they responded in resounding fashion . The Tide scored the first eight points of the second half and later used a 15-2 run to open up a double-digit lead .
Alabama dominated Florida ( 15-8 , 6-4 ) in the paint , on the glass and up and down the floor . The Tide outscored the Gators 41-17 in the second half , finishing with a 43-25 rebounding advantage and outscoring them 46-26 in the paint and 29-1 off the bench .
“ The halftime talk was a great talk , ” Hall said . “ We came out with a better mindset , more focus . … Crashing the boards , getting easy looks , finding the open man . ”
Sexton did the most damage , dribbling through Florida 's defence and creating open layups and dunks .
Hall was one of the beneficiaries . He made all seven shots and finished with 14 points and 11 boards . Fellow forward Braxton Key chipped in 13 points on 5-of-7 shooting .
“ The defensive performance we gave in the second half was discouraging to say the least , ” Florida coach Mike White said .
The Gators had no answer for Alabama 's speed at guard and athleticism in the paint .
They lost their third consecutive SEC game , the first time that 's happened since the end of White 's first season in 2016 , and surely wo n't be ranked Monday .
“ If we do n't make wholesale changes , we 're going to continue to have peaks and valleys , ” White said . “ We 'll continue to be average . ”
KeVaughn Allen led the Gators with 16 points . Keith Stone had 12 , and Egor Koulechov added 11 .
“ It 's pretty frustrating because I know that the players are mad , I know that the coaches are mad , I know that the fans are mad , ” Stone said . “ So we 've just got to turn around and do better . ”
BIG PICTURE
Alabama : The Tide gained some much-needed confidence on the road . Alabama had lost three of four away from home in league play , and since Johnson 's team plays three of its next four on the road — tough games at Mississippi State , Kentucky and Auburn — winning at Florida could prove to be a turning point for a late-season surge .
“ How are we going to handle this perceived prosperity ? ” Johnson said . “ What 's going to happen in the next 48 hours before we go to Mississippi State ? Are we going to believe the hype that we 've arrived or are we going to keep our heads down and just be focused ? Trying to instil that in 18- and 19-year-old guys , it 's not an excuse , it 's a challenge sometimes . But we love the challenge . ”
Florida : The Gators have little , if any , inside presence and might not have any this season . Injured centre John Egbunu had a setback while recovering from knee surgery , and there 's no timetable for his return .
WARM RECEPTION
Florida recognized longtime Billy Donovan assistant John Pelphrey during an early timeout . Fans gave the former Florida assistant a warm reception . Pelphrey spent a decade at Florida , working under Donovan for two stints ( 1996-2002 , 2011-15 ) . Pelphrey was making his first trip to Gainesville since joining Johnson 's staff at Alabama in 2016 .
UP NEXT
Alabama : Plays at Mississippi State on Tuesday .
Florida : Hosts LSU on Wednesday .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
Benue Prisons Command appeals to FG for operational vehicles
The Benue Command of the Nigeria Prison Service , on Wednesday appealed to the Federal Government for operational vehicles to enhance its effectiveness in conveying inmates to courts .
The State Comptroller of Prisons , Mr Peter Pevigo said this in Makurdi that the command has no single official vehicle for the movement of inmates .
Command now uses all kinds of buses , including ambulances to move inmates to courts .
Pevigo explained that the command had no option but to improvise , by exploring alternative means of conveying inmates to court to avoid any breakdown of law and order in the prisons .
“ We do not have any Black Maria , the official car for the movement of inmates from one place to the other , so we have to improvise alternative means of solving the problem .
“ This is a very sensitive issue , because if we fail to take inmates to court at the appropriate time , they may cause havoc or cause any unlawful thing within prisons yards .
“ At the moment , we have 858 inmates out of which only 86 are convicts .
“ It is incumbent on us to take 772 inmates awaiting trial to court as at when due , that is why we are using our discretion to solve the issue. ” he said .
The comptroller explained that the command had officially communicated to relevant authorities about their condition and expressed the hope that the situation would be addressed soon .
He commended prison warders under the command for their hard work and dedication to duty , and ensuring peaceful coexistence at all times .
Reacting to allegations of misappropriation of inmates ' food , Pevigo said there had been no such complain in the state , but warned that anyone caught would be dealt with severely .
He explained that inmates have representatives in the store where their food are weighed and shared .
“ You ca n't touch inmates ' food and have peaceful prison yard , they would react because food is their right . ”
The post Benue Prisons Command appeals to FG for operational vehicles appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Video shows arrested Senator , Dino Melaye , on ground
Mr Melaye was hospitalised Tuesday .
The post Video shows arrested Senator , Dino Melaye , on ground appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Our Father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy Name . Thy kingdom come . THY WILL BE DONE , on earth as it is in heaven . Give us this day our daily bread . And forgive us our trespasses , as we forgive those who trespass against us . And lead us not into temptation , but DELIVER US FROM EVIL .
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory , forever and ever . Amen †
Advertisements
Lyft Partners with Magna on Autonomous Vehicles
Ride-hailing company Lyft is joining with large Canadian auto parts supplier Magna to develop self-driving vehicles , sharing expenses on a multi-year project that could vault them onto the leader board in autonomous technology .
The companies announced the partnership Wednesday and also said that Magna would invest $ 200 million in Lyft .
Raj Kapoor , Lyft 's chief strategy officer , says Lyft needs auto industry expertise to manufacture autonomous vehicle components and eventually build the vehicles . Automakers know how to design vehicles so they meet safety regulations and can be manufactured easily , Kapoor said .
`` The auto industry has perfected all of these tools and all of those processes , '' he said .
Once technology is developed , Magna would be free to sell it to other companies , which would be encouraged to place their vehicles onto Lyft 's ride-sharing network , Kapoor said .
The tie-up is a huge step forward for both companies , Navigant Research analyst Sam Abuelsamid says . Before the announcement , he was skeptical of Lyft 's autonomous vehicle efforts because it had no manufacturing ability and very limited data to offer from its ride-hailing network .
Magna , he said , knows how to build sensors and assemble engine control computers . `` They know how to do electronics , '' he said . `` They have the capability to design and develop vehicles and manufacture them . '' That can be paired with Lyft 's service expertise , Abuelsamid added .
The partnership pushes the companies into a group of leaders in the autonomous vehicle race , Abuelsamid says . Also in the race are Google 's Waymo , General Motors ' Cruise Automation , automotive tech company Aptiv , Renault-Nissan , and a Daimler AG and Bosch partnership , he said .
Magna International Inc. , based near Toronto , has about 168,000 employees worldwide . It also builds cars under contract in Austria for Mercedes-Benz , BMW and Jaguar . By next year , Magna expects its factory in Graz to be able to build over 200,000 vehicles per year .
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Lyft ; iStock/Artist 's concept .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
The Cavaliers withstood a big night by Timberwolves forward Andrew Wiggins , who scored 41 points to lead the way for Minnesota . It matched Wiggins ' second-highest point total of the season .
Wiggins had help from Karl-Anthony Towns , who scored 26 points and grabbed seven rebounds . Gorgui Dieng added 12 points , but no other Timberwolves player reached double figures in scoring .
A step-back 3-pointer by James and a fast break layup by former Timberwolves player Derrick Williams pushed Cleveland 's lead to 114-106 with 1:39 to play . That essentially sealed the win for the Cavaliers , who went on to close out their 38th victory of the season .
It 's Cleveland 's second win over Minnesota in a two-week span . The Cavaliers beat the Timberwolves 125-97 on Feb. 1 .
Cleveland took its biggest lead of 14 points midway through the third quarter when Irving hit a deep 3-pointer . Wiggins single-handedly brought the Timberwolves back .
Wiggins scored 19 points in the third quarter , including a late 3-pointer and a buzzer-beating jumper to tie it at 93 heading into the fourth . Wiggins had 37 points through three quarters on 14-of-22 shooting but cooled off in the final quarter .
Cleveland 's offense had to make up for the loss of forward Kevin Love , who earlier Tuesday had surgery on his left knee that will sideline him for six weeks . Love was averaging 20.0 points and 11.1 rebounds per game .
In Love 's absence , three Cleveland starters topped the 20-point mark . Irving and James had their typical outputs on offense , while Channing Frye chipped in 21 points—including four 3-pointers . Tristan Thompson added 14 points and 11 rebounds .
Minnesota struggles to guard the 3-pointer this year , while Cleveland entered Tuesday 's game as one of the top 3-point shooting teams in the league . While the Cavaliers shot only 33.3 percent from long range , they converted 13 3-pointers .
NOTES : Timberwolves G Zach LaVine had successful surgery Tuesday to repair his torn ACL in his left knee . LaVine suffered the injury Feb. 3 in Minnesota 's game against Detroit . LaVine was averaging a career-high 18.9 points . ... Minnesota plays Wednesday at Denver before a nine-day break for the NBA All-Star Game . The Timberwolves return to action Feb. 24 against Dallas . ... Cleveland hosts Indianapolis on Wednesday before the Cavaliers enter the All-Star Break . The Cavs ' first game after the break is Feb. 23 against the Knicks .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork/AP ) — Gov . Andrew Cuomo said he is forming a statewide task force to address the environmental impact of plastic bags after blocking New York City Council 's fee on non-reusable shopping bags just hours before it was supposed to take effect .
Cuomo on Tuesday approved a measure to forbid the city from placing any fees on disposable shopping bags until at least next year . The state Assembly and Senate both voted to block the 5-cent fee last week .
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio had championed the bag fee as a way to reduce litter and protect the environment . The city planned to distribute hundreds of thousands of reusable shopping bags to help with the adjustment and shoppers using food stamps would not have to pay the fee .
Both sides agree the widespread use of disposable bags poses an environmental and financial problem with 1,700 tons of plastic bags tossed out each week in New York City .
“ These bags are plastic , they 're made of petroleum products , fossil fuels , that 's a problem right there , ” de Blasio said . “ What happens ? They go into landfills . Tax payers pay a lot of money for those bags to end up in landfills . ”
According to Cuomo , disposal costs the city $ 12.5 million each year . But the governor Tuesday called the fee “ deeply flawed ” because it would allow store owners to keep the profit .
“ There are two possible rationales for New York City 's bill providing the fee to profit the merchants : political expediency or legal impossibility , ” he said in a statement .
The mayor has said the plan would have changed the way New Yorkers shop and create waste without hurting their pockets .
“ I think the five cent fee on the bags was taken out of context in the discussion in Albany , ” he said . “ The whole idea was to change behavior . We were going to great extents to ensure people had permanent reusable bags for free . It was not going to be a burden on people . ”
Instead , the governor said the statewide task force will “ develop a uniform state plan for addressing the plastic bag problem ” by the end of the year .
“ It is a statewide challenge , ” he said . “ As such , a statewide solution is the most appropriate way to address this issue . ”
Republican Majority Leader John Flanagan applauded the moratorium .
“ We take these issues very seriously and will continue to work collectively toward solutions that preserve our cherished natural resources without placing new burdens on hardworking people , ” Flanagan said in a statement . “ If allowed going forward , this onerous bag tax would have hurt low- and middle-income residents the most , making it even more difficult to make ends meet in what is already the most expensive city in the world . ”
But council members slammed lawmakers for what they said was an affront to home-rule .
New York City Councilman Brad Lander , a Brooklyn Democrat and one of the sponsors of the bag fee legislation , said council members spent two years researching , promoting and creating a process to address the 91,000 tons of solid waste caused by plastic bags in the city each year .
“ We fought plastic bags , and for now , plastic bags won , ” he said . “ They are stubborn and toxic forms of solid waste . They never biodegrade , so they pollute our trees , oceans , and landfills forever . And they are hard to dislodge from the state Legislature , too . ”
The action irked local authorities too , who called it government overreach . Several cities around the country , including Los Angeles , Washington D.C. and Chicago , have either banned single-use plastic bags or imposed a fee .
“ With dysfunction in Washington , now more than ever , we need to empower our local governments to adopt common sense solutions , not block them. ” said Greg Young , City of Gloversville supervisor and co-coordinator of Elected Officials To Protect New York .
Environmental groups also rebuked lawmakers for delaying efforts to limit reliance on petroleum-based products .
“ Let us be clear : a task force that does not lead to a robust statewide law is not an acceptable consolation prize , ” New York League of Conservation Voters President Marcia Bystryn said . “ We take Gov . Cuomo at his word that he will work with the Senate and Assembly and act expeditiously . The League looks forward to participating in the process and holding our state government accountable for enacting the best possible policy solution . ”
( TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
The inquest into the death of a murdered Leeds teenager was opened and adjourned this morning .
Wakefield Coroner 's Court heard that Raheem Omar Wilks , 19 , died after receiving a gunshot wound to the chest in a barber 's shop in Gathorne Terrace on January 26 this year .
Temporary detective inspector Shaun Bartram confirmed to the court that a post-mortem of Mr Wilks , of Roundhay Grove , Chapeltown , had been carried out .
Mr Wilks received a gunshot wound to the chest before he died in hospital , the court heard .
David Hinchliff , senior coroner for West Yorkshire , adjourned the inquest to await the outcome of criminal proceedings relating to Mr Wilks 's death .
Two people have been charged with his murder and will stand trial on October 16 .
Plumber Mr Wilks was the brother of Leeds United player Mallik Wilks .
His body will now be released so that his funeral can take place .
FILE- In this April 4 , 2017 , file photo , Vice President Mike Pence speaks during a town hall with business leaders in the South Court Auditorium on the White House complex in Washington . Pence is set to arrive on Sunday , April 16 , in South Korea as President Donald Trump vows that North Korea Kim Jong-un 's government is a `` problem '' that will be `` taken care of . '' ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci , File )
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is embarking on a 10-day , four nation tours of the Asia-Pacific this weekend , arriving in South Korea amid tensions over North Korea 's aggressive flaunting of its nuclear and missile program .
Pence will visit South Korea , Japan , Indonesia and Australia during his trip , meeting with leaders in the region , military troops and business groups . It will be Pence 's second foreign trip as vice president — he traveled to Germany and Belgium in February to meet with NATO and European Union officials .
Five things to know about President Donald Trump 's No . 2 at the start of his visit .
__
ON MESSAGE :
If Trump is known for his unpredictability and blunt talk , Pence projects a polite Midwestern humility and is more measured in his speeches , rarely going off-script . Pence 's first foreign trip to Europe included steady assurances that the U.S. would honor its commitment to NATO even after Trump said the military alliance was `` obsolete . '' The Republican has doggedly pursued an agreement in Congress to repeal and replace the so-called `` Obamacare '' health care law but lawmakers have failed to cut a deal . The vice president was initially out of the loop when former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn 's contacts with Russia emerged at the start of the administration , even though Flynn had denied those conversations to Pence and others . Pence said he was `` disappointed '' in Flynn and supported Trump 's decision to fire him .
__
INDIANA ROOTS :
Pence is a former Indiana governor and congressman . He was a prominent conservative member of Congress during the presidencies of George W. Bush and Barack Obama , frequently championing anti-abortion causes and reducing federal spending . He opposed Bush 's White House on education and prescription drug plans , arguing that the administration had veered from its conservative principles . He unsuccessfully challenged future House Speaker John Boehner in a leadership election but joined the House Republicans ' leadership team two years later . Elected Indiana 's governor in 2012 , Pence signed a controversial `` religious freedom '' bill in 2015 that critics said allowed businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians by allowing them to cite religious beliefs as a reason for denying services . After a backlash from corporations , Pence softened the law following criticism that it was discriminatory .
__
FAITH AND FAMILY :
Pence often describes himself as `` a Christian , a conservative and a Republican , in that order . '' Pence and his wife , Karen , a former elementary school teacher , have been married since 1985 and have three adult children . The couple 's son , Michael , is serving as an officer in the U.S. Marines , and their two daughters , Charlotte , a recent college graduate and filmmaker , and Audrey , a college senior , are traveling to Asia with their parents . Pence often speaks of his Christian faith and participated in Bible study groups in Congress . One of the first stops on his itinerary in South Korea will be attending Easter services with U.S. and South Korean troops and their families .
__
ASIA TIES :
Pence 's late father , Edward , served in the U.S. Army during the Korean War and was awarded the Bronze Star on April 15 , 1953 — 64 years to the day of Pence 's departure for Asia . The vice president displays in his office his father 's Bronze Star , accommodation letter and a photograph of his father receiving his pin . Indiana has a significant Japanese manufacturing hub and Pence conducted two trade missions to Japan while serving as governor . Toyota , Subaru and Honda all have manufacturing plants in Indiana and Japanese companies employ tens of thousands of workers in the state . Honda 's plant in Greensburg , Indiana , is near Pence 's hometown of Columbus , Indiana , near Indianapolis . Pence will be making his first visits to South Korea , Indonesia and Australia .
__
TALK RADIO , ART THERAPY :
Before serving in Congress , Pence was a conservative radio and television talk show host in Indiana during the 1990s . His shows were not known for a combative style that marked conservative talk radio during the era — Pence liked to call himself `` Rush Limbaugh on decaf . '' Karen Pence is a longtime advocate of art therapy , the use of art in mental health treatment and forms of rehabilitation , and will be attending art therapy events throughout the trip .
__
Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/KThomasDC
BALTIMORE — The AL East matchup between the Tampa Bay Rays and Baltimore Orioles has been postponed by rain .
Bad weather was expected deep into Tuesday night , so the game was called two hours before the scheduled first pitch .
The game will be made up as part of single-admission doubleheader on May 12 .
It 's the 27th major league game to be postponed this season , the most related to weather through April since the commissioner 's office started keeping records in 1986 .
The postponement comes at a good time for the Orioles , who are hampered by injuries and have lost nine of 10 games to fall 11 games under .500 ( 6-17 ) .
Baltimore 's projected starting lineup did not include infielder Tim Beckham , who 's been bothered by a groin injury and is expected to land on the 10-day disabled list .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FORT COLLINS , Colo. — Colorado State placed basketball coach Larry Eustachy on administrative leave Saturday while the school assesses the program , a decision that again raises questions about his conduct .
Athletic director Joe Parker said he “ asked ” the coach to “ temporarily step away ” while the university gets a better understanding of the “ climate ” surrounding the team .
Assistant Steve Barnes will coach Saturday 's game against Nevada and “ until the assessment is complete. ” Eustachy is under contract through the 2020-21 season .
“ We are diligently working through this assessment as expeditiously as possible , understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process , ” Parker said in a statement . “ No conclusions have been made . ”
On Wednesday , Parker said the school was evaluating the team by talking to students and staff associated with men 's basketball . Parker offered no further information . That came after an online report by former Rocky Mountain Collegian sports editor Justin Michael who said Parker was interviewing players about Eustachy 's conduct .
Eustachy coached later Wednesday night , with the Rams losing 91-86 to Wyoming in double overtime .
It was reported last year that the university looked into Eustachy 's conduct in 2013-14 , finding that he created an atmosphere of “ fear and intimidation ” among players . In documents obtained by the Coloradoan and posted online a year ago , Eustachy acknowledged he “ crossed the line ” when asked about the atmosphere within the program by former athletic director Jack Graham . The documents also said the coach called players derogatory names , threw chairs , soda cans and erasers , along with punching a whiteboard .
Graham wrote to Eustachy in March 2014 , saying the “ behaviours we discussed shall not occur again or the university will terminate its contract with you for just cause . ”
The 62-year-old Eustachy is in his sixth year with Colorado State . The short-handed Rams entered the day 10-14 — dropping five in a row — with a 7-5 mark at Moby Arena . Entering this season , Eustachy 's squads have won 80 per cent of their games in Fort Collins .
Before his arrival at Colorado State , Eustachy went 61-33 in three seasons with Idaho , and then 98-52 in five seasons at Utah State . He may be best known for his time at Iowa State . His best season for the Cyclones was 1999-2000 , when Eustachy had Jamaal Tinsley and Marcus Fizer and the team went 32-5 record , reaching the final eight of the NCAA field . For that , Eustachy was named AP coach of the year .
He resigned from Iowa State in 2003 after photos of him partying with students surfaced . Soon after , Eustachy went into alcohol rehab .
Following a year away from basketball , he was given another opportunity at Southern Mississippi , where he steadily built the program into a contender . He turned in four 20-win seasons with the Golden Eagles and led them into the NCAA Tournament in 2011-12 .
He was introduced as Colorado State 's coach in April 2012 . The Rams went 26-9 his first season and made it to the NCAA Tournament .
How can a genuinely democratic , equitable and sustainable society be created ? Donate to order this gift now !
Valentines week falls in the month of February every year . This is the special time for lovebirds to express love and feelings . Valentine 's Day is celebrated in honour of Saint Valentine , a 3rd-century Roman saint associated with courtly love . Each day of Valentines week is special as it carries its importance and a special message . People often use this time to propose their crush , Valentines week is also known as the right time to tell someone special about your feelings .
Celebrate each day of Valentines week in a special way with your loved one
February is the special month for lovebirds to share and express love . Each day of Valentines week is special as it carries its importance and a special message . People often use this time to propose their crush , Valentines week is also known as the right time tell someone special about your feelings . Valentines are famous mainly among the youths , who celebrate this with excellent joy , excitement and great enthusiasm . Valentines Week is dated from 7th February to 14th February every year . People mostly celebrate this week this Red roses , chocolates and teddy bears and cards .
Each day is known as each step to fall in love , as Rose day , Propose day , Chocolate day , Teddy day , Promise day , Kiss day , Hug day and Valentine 's day .
We list down every special day of the Valentines week with message and promise behind it .
February 7 , 2018 ( Wednesday ) – Rose day
Rose Day is the special time to gift a red to your loved one and express your feelings through a lovely flower . Red roses are traditionally associated with romance and Yellow roses are given to special friends .
February 8 , 2018 ( Thursday ) – Propose day
On the second day of Valentine Week , one can express their feeling or propose to your crush and there is no better time to take your heart out .
February 9 , 2018 ( Friday ) – Chocolate day
As the name suggests , the third day of the week leading up to the festival of love is dedicated to chocolates . Chocolates and candies are age-old gifts for first dates , anniversaries , weddings and more .
February 10 , 2018 ( Saturday ) – Teddy day
An adorable teddy bear is the cutest way to let your significant other know how much they mean to you . Gift them a teddy and see the huge smile on their face .
February 11 , 2018 ( Sunday ) – Promise day
This is the time to promise a good and lifetime relationship to your partner . The day you make meaningful promises to your loved ones .
February 12 , 2018 ( Monday ) – Hug Day
The best possible way to share your love is to hug your partner . Hug Day is a favourable way to show your loved ones and best friends that you care and make them feel special .
February 13 , 2018 ( Tuesday ) – Kiss day
The day just before Valentine 's Day is celebrated as Kiss Day . A kiss represents love , affection and respect .
February 14 , 2018 ( Wednesday ) – Valentine 's Day
This day is called the day of love . Valentine 's Day is celebrated in honour of Saint Valentine , a 3rd-century Roman saint associated with courtly love .
Gov . Ganduje confident Buhari will reverse economic recession
Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has expressed confidence in the ability of President Muhammad Buhari to tackle to current economic challenges in the country . The governor said this on Sunday in Kano in his New Year message to the people . Ganduje , who spoke through the State 's Commissioner for Information , Youth and Culture , Mr Mohammed…
This content is for WSJ 5 DAY TRIAL members only . Visit the site and log in/register to read .
The post Gov . Ganduje confident Buhari will reverse economic recession appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Death toll rises to 12 in London blaze – Police
“ It is very , very challenging to put a number on those unaccounted for , ” Mr. Cundy told reporters .
The post Death toll rises to 12 in London blaze – Police appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
You can download Everest VR right now for $ 15 . As with most VR titles , though , you 'll need a reasonably modern Windows PC to handle the Oculus Rift experience . The developers recommend at least a 4th-generation quad Core i5 processor , 8GB of RAM and a GeForce GTX 960 to make the most of it . That wo n't be too much trouble if you already have a Rift , but it 's something to consider if your PC is on the edge of being VR-ready .
SAN DIEGO — A wheelchair athlete who was injured after organizers of a San Diego marathon altered the course has been awarded $ 4 million .
The San Diego Union-Tribune says a jury this week ruled for Craig Blanchette in a negligence lawsuit against organizers of the 2014 Rock ‘ n ' Roll marathon .
Blanchette , a former Olympian , says on the morning of the race , organizers narrowed part of the course by eliminating one lane without telling the racers .
Blanchette says he was doing about 20 mph when his wheelchair slammed into a car . The crash broke his collarbone and several ribs , tore his rotator cuff and ended his career as an elite racer .
A representative for the race organizer , Competitor Group Inc. , told the Union-Tribune that the company does n't comment on ongoing litigation .
Uber Power Play : Board Undercuts Ex-CEO
Uber is curbing the power of former CEO Travis Kalanick and taking on Japan 's SoftBank Group as a major new investor as the ride-hailing service tries to recover from internal strife and a myriad of legal headaches .
The changes adopted unanimously Tuesday by Uber 's 11-member board strip Kalanick [ pictured above ] and other early investors of the extra voting power they were originally granted to control the privately held company 's direction , according to two people briefed on the board vote . The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the board 's decisions are considered confidential .
Kalanick , who stepped down as Uber 's CEO in June under pressure from irate investors , was among the directors who approved putting everyone on equal footing . He agreed to the provision weakening his power partly to block another proposal that would have prevented him from ever returning as Uber 's CEO , according to one of the people .
For now , the job of Kalanick 's successor -- Dara Khosrowshahi -- appears safe . In another vote , the board agreed to pursue an initial public offering of Uber 's stock by the end of 2019 . Before an IPO , two-thirds of the board would have to approve a switch in CEOs , a provision designed to prevent Khosrowshahi 's ouster , according to one of the people .
The truce cleared the way for SoftBank to invest about $ 10 billion in Uber and get two seats on an expanded board that will consist of 17 directors . SoftBank 's investment is based on Uber 's current valuation of about $ 69 billion .
If Uber 's value declines amid all the trouble that has been swirling around the San Francisco company during the past year , SoftBank could end up investing slightly less than $ 10 billion . Either way , SoftBank is supposed to wind up with a 14 to 17 percent stake in Uber .
SoftBank will be buying the share from current investors who want to cash out of Uber . The firm is working with the Dragoneer Investment Group on the Uber deal , according to one of the people briefed on the transaction .
The company 's reputation has been tarnished by revelations of rampant sexual harassment and bullying infecting its culture . It 's also facing a high-profile lawsuit filed by Google spinoff Waymo that alleges Uber engineered a $ 680 million deal to steal its self-driving technology . Uber is also under investigation for its use of technology to trick transportation regulators as it expanded its ride-hailing service through the U.S .
The turmoil triggered an investor backlash against Uber , ending Kalanick 's reign over a company he co-founded in 2009 .
Benchmark Capital , a major Silicon Valley venture capital firm that was among Uber 's early backers , was so incensed at Kalanick it sued him , alleging he covered up the turmoil and legal threats that proved to be his downfall as CEO . That lawsuit will be dropped if the SoftBank deal is completed .
Even with Tuesday 's attempt to make peace , the drama still might not be finished .
Two other investors in Uber , Shervin Pishevar and Steve Russell , vowed to file a class-action lawsuit seeking to reverse the board 's decision to take away the extra voting power that had been previously granted . In a statement , they blasted the move as `` unfair and illegal , '' culminating a `` blatant bait and switch . ''
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Uber CEO Travis Kalanick/Twitter .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
Guy goes missing after boarding bus to Bayelsa from Portharcourt ( photo )
Isaiah Belema boarded a bus to Bayelsa from Portharcourt 2 weeks ago and has n't been seen since then . Kindly call 09033822919 for any useful info . Got something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“ If at first you do n't succeed , try , try again. ” Good advice . We just never thought it would apply to Justin Trudeau and his Liberals in their attempts to memorialize the Holocaust .
You know the Holocaust . Nazi Germany 's campaign to annihilate European Jewry ? The murder of six million Jews , along with millions of other supposedly impure ethnicities , gay people , and disabled individuals . These facts are extremely well known and disputed only by hateful deniers . So why do the Liberals keep screwing them up ?
Last year it was on International Holocaust Memorial Day , when Trudeau 's generic statement proved rather too generic . “ On this day , we pay tribute to the memory of the millions of victims murdered during the Holocaust . We honour those who survived atrocities at the hands of the Nazi regime , and welcome their courageous stories of hope and perseverance. ” You might have noticed he failed to mention the very people who were targeted specifically by the Nazis , those brutally persecuted for being one thing : Jews .
It was an error , the government insisted . An embarrassing oversight . Lesson learned !
An embarrassing oversight . Lesson learned ! Only , it was not
Only … it was n't learned . This week , the prime minister dedicated Ottawa 's National Holocaust Monument with a plaque commemorating “ the millions of men , women and children murdered during the Holocaust and … the survivors who persevered and were able to make their way to Canada after one of the darkest chapters in history . ”
Notice something missing ? Again ? !
Is it too much of a challenge for our diversity-obsessed prime minister to recall any atrocity not helpfully named after the location or the victims ? The Armenian , Rwandan and Cambodian Genocides he can surely figure out . The Holocaust is harder ; it does n't actually directly name its victims , the Jewish people . And , gosh , it 's almost confusing how similar it sounds to the Holodomor , the Soviet regime 's deliberate starvation of Ukrainian people ( which the prime minister , we fear , might someday lament as “ much hunger experienced in Eastern Europe ” ) .
The Liberals have had the plaque removed to be replaced by something that — hopefully — actually mentions Jews and enduring anti-Semitism . Until then , can we suggest the prime minister keep a cheat sheet handy ? Something simple , like “ Remember : Holocaust = Jews , ” stitched into his embroidered socks .
VANCOUVER — Some industry experts are asking questions about the staffing and inspections of arenas using ammonia refrigeration systems , months after a leak killed three men at an ice rink in southeastern British Columbia .
Ammonia is inherently dangerous and should be not used in skating and curling rinks , said Lou Roussinos , who spent decades inspecting refrigeration and boiler systems across B.C .
“ It 's an absolutely wonderful refrigerant , but it 's dangerous , ” Roussinos said . “ It 's highly toxic , it will kill you in less than 30 seconds in high concentrations , and we know that . ”
Last October , three men died following a leak of the colourless gas at a rink in Fernie . The victims included City of Fernie employees Wayne Hornquist and Lloyd Smith and refrigeration contractor Jason Podloski of Turner Valley , Alta .
The city previously said in a Facebook post that the arena was closed for “ emergency maintenance ” the morning of the leak .
Several agencies continue to investigate , including RCMP and WorkSafeBC .
A report from Technical Safety B.C. , which oversees the installation and operation of technical systems like refrigeration and boiler systems , shows there were 40 reported “ refrigerated release incidents ” involving ammonia across the province between 2007 and 2015 . The report says 10 of the incidents included injuries .
Two experts in the industry say more inspections and stricter staffing requirements are needed to protect against leaks .
Facilities using dangerous chemicals like ammonia used to be checked annually , said Roussinos , former head inspector with the B.C . Safety Authority , Technical Safety B.C . 's predecessor .
“ Now there are very few inspections being conducted . You can go from place to place in the province and most places will tell you they have n't seen an inspector in years , ” he said .
A spokeswoman for B.C . 's Ministry of Municipal Affairs , which is responsible for recreational facilities , said in an email that annual inspections have not been required since the Safety Standards Act was enacted in 2003 .
Janice Lee , director of safety oversight at Technical Safety B.C. , said the agency does inspections when equipment is installed and conducts “ periodic assessments ” throughout the lifespan of the system .
Timing of the assessments is determined using a “ risk-based inspection criteria ” that includes factors such as the equipment 's age and whether the building is a public space , she said .
There 's no national standard for how often ammonia refrigeration plants in ice rinks are inspected .
Ontario can require as little as six months between checkups , depending on the previous report , while facilities in Alberta can go as long as five years between inspections .
In B.C. , when “ imminent safety issues ” are found during an inspection , they are dealt with immediately on site , Lee said . Other “ non-compliance ” issues may be dealt with in a variety of ways , including a safety officer following up with the facility 's operator by phone or email .
Reports obtained by The Canadian Press under the Freedom of Information Act show the B.C . Safety Authority inspected the Fernie Memorial Arena six times between September 2007 and when the fatal leak occurred on Oct. 17 , 2017 .
Technical Safety B.C . said in a statement the agency was advised that all of the items noted during the latest inspection in December 2014 had been addressed .
Reports filed between September 2007 and December 2014 noted several issues at the arena , including leaking , corroded and uncertified equipment , and non-compliance with required staffing levels . In the final report , a safety officer made note of potential issues with a compressor , oil fill pumps , an ammonia sensor and staffing on statutory holidays .
Liz Rhodes , a City of Fernie spokeswoman , declined to comment on the inspection reports , citing ongoing investigations into the fatal leak .
Keeping an ice rink safe requires more than just inspections , said Lee , with Technical Safety B.C .
People who own and operate the rinks have a responsibility to make sure maintenance is kept up , emergency measures are in place , and the facilities are properly staffed .
“ All those things add up to the safety of the equipment as well as the overall site for the public , ” she said .
A former inspector in Manitoba said he 's concerned those measures are n't always being followed .
“ These accidents should not happen , ” said Ray Kolbuch . “ We 're not being proactive enough with these plants . ”
He said he 's concerned that arena staff do n't always have the training necessary to keep a rink safe .
The province needs to make sure that trained individuals are working whenever an indoor rink is occupied , he said .
Manitoba 's Office of the Fire Commissioner , which oversees ice arenas , said in a statement that staffing requirements vary depending on the size of the refrigeration plant and what type of additional safety controls are part of the facility .
“ All refrigeration plants are required to be inspected annually under The Steam and Pressure Plants Act . Inspections are done across all of Manitoba an in each case the plant owner is responsible to ensure that they are meeting staffing requirements . These requirements are verified at the time of inspection , ” the statement said .
Technical Safety B.C . put out a safety order last December , reminding rink operators of staffing requirements for rinks with ammonia refrigeration plants .
“ Technical Safety B.C . has determined that much ammonia refrigeration plants within the scope of this safety order are currently being operated by person ( s ) that are not appropriately qualified , ” the bulletin said .
Ultimately , whoever owns an ice rink 's refrigeration plant is responsible for its inspections , maintenance and operations , said Terry Piche , technical director with the Ontario Recreational Facilities Association , whose more than 6,000 members operate and manage recreation facilities in municipalities .
Often that person ends up being the mayor or chief administrator of a municipality , but municipal officials often have little idea how a plant works , he added .
“ Sometimes the operators are qualified to run the plant , sometimes they 're not . Sometimes they get enough resources , sometimes they do n't . ”
Complicating the issue is the fact that Canada 's recreation facilities are aging , Piche said , noting that in Ontario , they 're estimated to be , on average , between 50 and 60 years old . The “ natural life expectancy ” of a recreation facility is about 32 years , he said .
He compared rec centres to old cars , saying regular maintenance and proper operation can help extend the life cycles , but even preventative maintenance only goes so far .
“ I can give it a coat of paint , maybe a new roof , windows and doors . But the veins of the buildings are still 50 or 60 years old . That 's really the challenge that 's going on from coast to coast . ”
A new refrigeration plant for a single-rink community arena can cost between $ 600,000 and $ 900,000 , Piche said .
“ Most municipalities ca n't afford it . ”
Oversight agencies do n't have the resources to police how facilities are run day-to-day , so instead they rely on operators to comply with the rules and be honest , Piche said .
“ Really what needs to happen is the commitment to do the checks , balance and maintenance by the operators and owners . And it will greatly reduce the opportunity for any similar event ( to the deaths in Fernie ) to happen . ”
Piche disagreed with the notion that ammonia refrigeration plants are inherently dangerous . Artificial ice rinks operated across Canada for more than 100 years before the first “ catastrophic event ” last fall , he said .
“ Shifting to another refrigerant does n't mean you 're going to be any safer . ”
Roussinos , the former B.C . inspector , said some municipalities have already moved to replace their ammonia refrigeration systems with what he considers to be safer alternatives , like freon or carbon dioxide .
He 'd like to see B.C . 's government require all the remaining ammonia systems to be replaced , too .
“ This government has an opportunity to do it … they can do the right thing this time . Take ammonia out of the places where there are young children playing hockey or old men like me go curling . ”
— Follow @ gkarstenssmith on Twitter
DENVER , Colo. - The holiday season may have brought more cheer , but for many it also brought more debt . Shoppers added an average of about $ 1,000 in debt over the holidays . That 's up about 2 percent from last year according to Magnify Money . And most people did n't plan on it .
`` I did n't spend any more than usual but it 's still a lot . It 's always a lot. , '' says shopper Valeri Meyers .
She admits the holiday spending plan does n't always turn out as intended .
`` I try to stick to like the debit card with using what I 've got but inevitably the credit cards come out , '' Meyers says .
Researchers at Georgetown and other universities found the secret to paying off those credit card bills may be focus . They found people who targeted paying off one of several accounts were more successful than those who spread out repayments across their cards .
Researchers also found people feel a bigger sense of accomplishment when they pay off a more significant portion of their balance , meaning it 's not about how much you repay , but how much of the balance is left .
`` I try to pay more than the minimum balance or the minimum required , '' Meyers says . `` So I try to do double what they 're asking for the minimum and it pays it off a little bit faster . ''
Experts say if your credit cards have similar interest rates , pay down the ones with the smallest balances first . Also , consider a balance transfer card . You can often get a zero percent introductory annual percentage rate . Although there is a fee , it could work well if you can pay down the transferred balance each month before the rate expires .
Still , experts say this shopper 's approach may be best .
`` I use my credit cards as convenience but I pay off the bills right away , '' Andy Klein says .
But if you ca n't , have a plan .
To avoid credit card debt in the first place , research from the Urban Institute says using cash instead of plastic for small purchases can really make a difference . A charge card can add about 20 percent to an item 's total cost because of interest .
Galveston , TX ( 77553 )
Today
Thunderstorms likely . Rainfall will be locally heavy at times . High 83F . Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph . Chance of rain 100 % . 5 to 8 inches of rain expected . Localized flooding is possible ..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies . A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible . Low 78F . Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — South Carolina GOP Rep. Trey Gowdy says he will not run for re-election and will `` instead be returning to the judicial system . ''
Gowdy is chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and previously chaired a highly partisan panel investigating the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi , Libya .
Gowdy is a former federal prosecutor . In a statement , he said `` whatever skills I may have been better utilized in a courtroom than in Congress , and I enjoy our justice system more than our political system . ''
The Benghazi panel revealed the existence of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's private email server and controversies involving it proved to be damaging to her failed 2016 presidential campaign .
Gowdy was elected in the 2010 tea party wave that returned control of the House to Republicans .
AP | For lehighvalleylive.com
By Kurt Bresswein | For lehighvalleylive.com
The chance for winter weather remains in the forecast for Super Bowl Sunday in the Lehigh Valley , but less than an inch of snow is expected , meteorologists say .
Higher amounts , about 4 inches , are forecast for the Pocono Mountains , according to the National Weather Service .
The timing for precipitation 's arrival looks good for Sunday night plans , as the system moves off to the east `` rather quickly '' during the early evening , says Bobby Martrich , with the Eastern PA Weather Authority in Allentown .
`` If you do have plans in the evening to go out , to go to Super Bowl parties or whatever , which most of you should be doing Super Bowl things I would think , it should be drying out fairly quickly in the evening , '' he said in a forecast video Saturday morning .
LAS VEGAS — Outdoor enthusiasts looking for wildflowers in the Mojave Desert this year is likely to encounter the blossoms only along the path of a storm that moved through Las Vegas last month .
Should wildflowers bloom at all in the coming months after a dry fall and winter , experts believe it will occur in a roughly 50-mile-wide ( 80-kilometre-wide ) area , the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported .
The swath of land stretching from southern Nevada to Yucca Valley , California , is showing early signs of germination , said Jim Andre , director of the Granite Mountains Desert Research Center .
The area hit by the storm includes the eastern edge of Joshua Tree National Park , the Mojave National Preserve and the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area outside Las Vegas .
“ There is still a chance we 'll see some annuals pop up , ” Andre said . “ This one rain in a season of bone-dry might get some response . It 's not looking real promising , but it 's not a guarantee . ”
Las Vegas went without rain for 116 days before the early January storm . It dropped an inch ( 2.5 centimetres ) or more of rain on parts of the desert where rain has not been recorded for at least 300 days , Andre said .
In some past years , so-called superblooms have spurred flocks of tourists to visit desert areas like Death Valley National Park . A superbloom covered the valley with wildflowers in 2016 , resulting in record park attendance .
The park is unlikely to experience a superbloom this year due to the lack of rain , said Patrick Taylor , the acting chief of interpretation for the park .
While the number of desert visitors might dip , Andre said researchers might have the opportunity to learn how annual plants respond to receiving their only moisture from a single storm .
“ We have n't really seen this scenario before in the last 100 years , ” Andre said .
——
Information from : Las Vegas Review-Journal , http : //www.lvrj.com
OTTAWA — Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett held back tears as she announced an agreement in principle with survivors of the '60s Scoop .
The agreement provides up to $ 750 million in compensation for individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit .
It also includes an investment of up to $ 50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation .
Bennett called the 60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada 's history .
Between the 1960s and 1980s , Indigenous children were removed from their homes by child welfare agencies and placed in the care of non-Indigenous families .
The deal is aimed at resolving numerous related lawsuits , most notable among them a successful class action in Ontario .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
SKARAMANGAS , Greece ( AP ) — Soccer fans of a certain age may still remember Antonis Nikopolidis for his resemblance to American actor George Clooney and as the goalkeeper who helped Greece become surprise European Champions in 2004 .
Now the country 's national youth team coach , Nikopolidis is helping refugees stranded in Greece regain a sense of purpose . The soccer team he helped build , named Hope ( Elpida in Greek ) , is made up of players who fled warzones in Syria , Yemen , Iraq and Afghanistan .
Most of Hope 's players live in Skaramangas , an industrial zone west of Athens where metal containers have been turned into shoebox-shaped homes . They compete in an amateur league on Sundays , facing teams made up of lawyers , telecom workers and accountants .
Nikopolidis , a soft-spoken 46-year-old whose hair has turned silver in retirement , says team practices and matches provide a welcome distraction for young men facing uncertain futures in the European Union 's slow-moving relocation program .
`` We 're helping people who are at a difficult moment in their lives , '' he said . `` They are guests in our country , and we are trying with this team to give them a few hours of happiness . ''
Soccer is the main source of entertainment for many of the 60,000 refugees and economic migrants living in camps around Greece while they wait for asylum applications to be processed and a possible move elsewhere in Europe .
`` You have to spend your time ( doing something ) because it 's very boring , '' Hozaifa Hajdepo , 23 , a Hope player from Syria , said . `` If you stay in your home and you do n't have work , you will be like — you will die . ''
The Union of European Football Associations , the governing body for soccer in Europe , has awarded grants to assist refugees in 15 countries . Some of the money that went to Greece is being used to sponsor Nikopolidis ' team .
Nearly 9,000 refugees have been moved from Greece to other European Union countries , and the coach already has lost several players . But with the pace of relocations still at just over half the target rate , most of the team expects to be in Greece for a while .
`` It 's a joy for me to do this , '' Nikopolidis said . `` The main thing is that they enjoy it , that they have fun ... We have created a group of friends , with bonds of friendship , a family . ''
___
Theodora Tongas and Srdjan Nedeljkovic in Athens contributed . Follow Stavrakis at http : //www.twitter.com/TStavrak and Gatopoulos at http : //www.twitter.com/dgatopoulos
Senator Dino Melaye Hospitalised After Jumping Off Moving Police Vehicle
Senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District , Dino Melaye has reportedly jumped out of a police moving vehicle conveying him to Kogi state and ran into a thick bush .
According to reports , police operatives also jumped out of the vehicle and gave the fleeing lawmaker a hot chase .
SIGNAL gathered that Senator Melaye injured himself in the process and has been rushed to Zankli hospital in the Mabushi area of Abuja .
More to come…
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @ thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL . Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources .
The post Senator Dino Melaye Hospitalised After Jumping Off Moving Police Vehicle appeared first on SIGNAL .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for [ … ]
Bitcoin in Brief Tuesday : Wary Giants , Eager Dwarfs
For some obvious reasons , but also irrational fears , big players like China , Russia , and the European Union are wary of cryptos like bitcoin . Centralized control does n't square with decentralization . However , often that 's not how their own regions and smaller neighbors feel about cryptocurrencies . In today 's Bitcoin in Brief we cover some recent developments mirroring this divergence of interests . The balance between center and periphery is likely to determine the future of cryptocurrencies in Eurasia and beyond .
Also read : Bitcoin in Brief Monday : Snatching Blockchain , Tracking Bitcoin
Only Cryptoyuan , Only Cryptoruble
China will not allow any cryptocurrency other than a digital yuan , a Chinese entrepreneur recently told Russian media . Huan Zhang 's company , DAEX Blockchain Group , is working on a clearing ecosystem for cryptocurrencies in collaboration with Russian counterparts . She believes the decentralized nature of blockchain technologies and a centralized clearing platform should be balanced well for the crypto market to function properly . “ China treats the blockchain in a positive way , but fears cryptocurrencies , ” Zhang told Sputink . “ The central bank is working on its own digital coin , cryptoyuan , and authorities wo n't allow any other cryptocurrency in the country , ” she said on the sidelines of the economic forum in Yalta , Crimea .
The Central Bank of Russia is also wary of decentralized cryptocurrencies . On multiple occasions , its representatives have spoken against their uncontrolled circulation and free exchange . The idea of a cryptoruble has its supporters among Russian officials , including in the CBR . For many Russian regions , however , a centralized crypto as a state-issued alternative is simply not good enough . The western exclave of Kaliningrad and Russia 's far-eastern capital Vladivostok , for example , are willing to create offshore zones for businesses working with decentralized cryptocurrencies .
Crypto-Crimea Planned
The Autonomous Republic of Crimea , which hosted the Yalta Forum , has been dealing with sanctions since it joined the Russian Federation . Local officials are convinced that a vibrant crypto sector could help the region overcome international isolation and develop economically . They have recently asked for permission to set up a crypto offshore zone , crypto exchange , crypto cluster , and even issue a Crimean crypto . The Russian Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Association is actually working on a “ Crypto-Crimea ” plan encompassing all proposals .
Forget about China , Think of Hong Kong
Beijing 's crackdown on cryptocurrencies has turned China 's own Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong and the Asian city-state of Singapore into wanted destinations for investors and businesses raising crypto funds . The number of startups launching initial coin offerings ( ICOs ) in these two territories has sky-rocketed in recent months , according to local fintech entrepreneurs , lawyers , and industry organizations . “ Yes , there has been a lot of activity , ” said Anson Zeall , chairman of Singapore 's Association of Cryptocurrency Enterprises and Startups . Like many others in the sector , he thinks the increase is related to China 's retreat from ICOs .
Thanks to its independent legal system , Hong Kong has also seen significant ICO growth . As reported by Chinese media , all ICO platforms and Bitcoin exchanges have already exited the Chinese market as a result of official warnings of the risks associated with investing in these projects . Well , others , including Hong Kong , which is part of China , are still willing to accept the risks , supporting innovation and economic growth .
Europe and the Europeans
While United Europe has recently confirmed serious intentions to end anonymity for crypto traders , with a vote in the European parliament last week , crypto exchanges are not turning back on Europeans , not yet . Many trading platforms have decided to move closer to the Old Continent , not too close , though – Switzerland , Gibraltar , Malta , even the exiting UK .
Maltese authorities are on a crusade to make their island the friendliest jurisdiction for the crypto sector . Proposed regulations are tailored to provide crypto exchanges , brokerages , asset managers , and crypto users with “ legal certainty ” . Two of the world 's largest cryptocurrency trading platforms have confirmed intentions to relocate operations to Malta . Binance , which announced it is moving to the “ Blockchain Island ” , recently said it will hire up to 200 people there . Following its decision , the Chinese rival Okex said it 's also coming to island . Other crypto companies have followed in their footsteps , including Berlin-based blockchain firm Neufund and the gaming platform operator Abyss .
Looking to expand beyond Asia , another Chinese exchange , Huobi , is planning to set up an office in London , despite Brexit . “ Our statistics show that London is the most active trading scene across Europe , ” Chern Chung , Huobi 's senior business development manager for Europe , has been quoted as saying . “ Absolutely – London , Britain is the entry point for the European market for us , ” Vice-President of Huobi Group Peng Hu confirmed .
Beyond Eurasia
Crypto businesses are often known for swimming against the stream . The crypto exchange Golix , which has recently felt the heat from competition in bitcoin-loving Zimbabwe , has announced plans to expand its operations to neighboring South Africa . In partnership with the local crypto hub Blockstarters , the trading platform wants to increase its network on the continent , tapping into the very active South African market .
Authorities in the regional powerhouse have recently taken steps to tax crypto incomes and transactions , which can curb crypto trade . On the other hand , self-regulation has been mentioned as a solution for the South African crypto sector . So , at the end of the day , Golix might have taken a sound business decision .
Do you agree that the diversity of interests in each country and region helps cryptocurrencies ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock .
Make sure you do not miss any important Bitcoin-related news ! Follow our news feed any which way you prefer ; via Twitter , Facebook , Telegram , RSS or email ( scroll down to the bottom of this page to subscribe ) . We 've got daily , weekly and quarterly summaries in newsletter form . Bitcoin never sleeps . Neither do we .
The post Bitcoin in Brief Tuesday : Wary Giants , Eager Dwarfs appeared first on Bitcoin News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Microsoft Fine-Tunes Windows 10 and Debuts Beta Eye Control As the date for the next big Windows 10 update approaches , Microsoft today released its latest developer preview , which includes a beta version of a new eye control system . Borne out of a Microsoft hackathon challenge inspired by former NFL player Steve Gleason , who suffers from ALS ( amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ) , Eye Control enables disabled users with compatible eye tracker devices to operate Windows 10 PCs through gaze alone . The Windows 10 Fall Creators Update , expected to arrive next month , will bring several improvements to the Microsoft Edge browser and will also update the default colors in the Windows Console for the first time in more than 20 years . The color changes are aimed at making text easier to see and read on today 's high-contrast screens . 'Liberating ' Technology Available in beta through the Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 16257 released today , Eye Control lets users with limited mobility type , control a mouse and convert text to speech with compatible eye tracker accessories . The first such device to support those capabilities is the Tobii Eye Tracker 4C , announced yesterday by Tobii , a Sweden-based company that specializes in assistive technology . `` This collaboration clearly shows the value of eye gaze input and is a big step forward on the long-term journey to drive high-volume adoption of eye tracking , '' Tobii CEO Henrik Eskilsson said yesterday in a statement . Microsoft began working with partners in the ALS and motor neuron disease ( MND ) community during its first hackathon three years ago , following a challenge by Gleason . Gleason had sent an email to Microsoft asking the company to develop a technology that would make it easier for him and others like him to control a wheelchair and communicate . That challenge led to the concept of an Eye Gaze Wheelchair , which won the 2014 hackathon grand prize . Since then , Microsoft has continued to further refine its eye-tracking technology for use with PCs . `` Having Eye Control in Windows 10 continues to bridge the gap between widely used technology and people with disabilities , '' Gleason said in a post published yesterday on the Microsoft Accessibility Blog . `` It 's simply liberating . '' More Modern Console Colors Another change coming with the Fall Creators Update is an overhaul of the default colors that appear in the Windows Console . The new palette aims to make it easier to read text , especially in darker colors , and to `` give the Console a more modern look & feel , '' project manager Craig Loewen wrote yesterday on the Microsoft Developer Blog . `` During the past 20 years , screens & display technology , contrast ratio , and resolution have changed significantly , from CRT 's through TFT LCDs to modern-day nano-scale 4K displays , '' Loewen said . `` The legacy default scheme was not built for modern displays and does not render as well on newer high-contrast LCD displays . This is particularly apparent with deeply saturated darker colors like blue . '' For now , the new colors will not appear in the Windows Console default option . Microsoft plans to release a tool soon that will let developers try out the new color scheme , he said . Other changes arriving with today 's Insider preview include a refreshed browser frame look for Microsoft Edge , several fixes to the anti-virus Windows Defender Application Guard , and the elimination of a number of other bugs in previous builds . In addition , Developer Insiders who are in the Office Insider program will see new support for using 3D images in Word , Excel and PowerPoint . Image credit : Product shots by Microsoft . Read more on : Microsoft , Windows , Windows 10 , Update , Preview Build , Developers , Enterprise IT , Operating System , Microsoft Edge , Cybersecurity , Top Tech News Comment :
Name :
Jack Lumber : Posted : 2017-08-08 @ 1:06pm PT Well it 's no longer competition between Microsoft and Apple . It 's WAR ! ! ! Now that Jobs is dead , the leaders and dev folks at Apple are no longer real software developers and no longer offer actual software that serves its users and Apple community .
As Microsoft rolls out its Xmarin and .Net Core -- allowing developers to create software that will run on iOS -- and Apple and its lame software can not compete unless they are keeping its iOS private and not public -- Apple is losing its market to better software from Microsoft .
I downloaded the new version of iTunes on my Windows 10 development computer . iTunes 3.3 unlike 3.2 has a purposeful virus . Destroy with Windows 10 OS on all Windows users .
If the virus detects any Xmarin or MS .Net CORE development installation , then iTunes destroys the Windows 10 OS . After the restart for iTunes you computer will not reboot . You get a WHITE SCREEN and it never reboots . By this time your Windows 10 OS is toast , it forces you to go back to the previous Windows 10 and therefore all the Visual Studio Community special upgrades are lost . VS will not run on the previous Windows version and your current Windows version will never reboot again ! ! ! ! ! !
It 's about 3 days work to recover the current Win 10 OS and re-download all the .NET CORE and Xmarin and TFS and VS so the reinstalled Win OS has all the community 2017 features installed and running in the OS .
Apple is going down and they are getting ugly as they fail . Be aware . I have never had this issue with iTunes before . But I will never allow iTunes , or now ANY Apple company products on my dev PCs , laptops or servers . Especially my own personal computer .
iTunes is Apple 's most used software and that is why they put the `` Microsoft Killer '' code in iTunes now . Be Aware . Apple is going down like a Boxer in the ring that is losing and chose to hit below the belt .
It is no longer civilized competition -- it is corporate WAR . Be Aware ! ! ! ! ! ! David Stump : Posted : 2017-08-06 @ 12:54am PT Please give us the old blue colour back on the Windows
Console default option , the white on grey is hard to read partiality for those of us who are colour-blind .
NEW YORK — Mario Batali is stepping down from daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years .
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women , three who worked for Batali . In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press , Batali said the complaints match up with his past behaviour .
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behaviour by Batali in October . The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training .
ABC said Monday that it has asked Batali to step away from the show , “ The Chew ” while the allegations are investigated .
NEW YORK — The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm , the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein , shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries .
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein 's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out . That step had long been sought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees .
“ Since October , it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence his accusers . Effective immediately , those ‘ agreements ' end , ” the company said in a statement . “ No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet . ”
In a statement , Schneiderman praised the decision as “ a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace . ”
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct . Dozens of prominent men in entertainment , media , finance , politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed , but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co .
Some 80 women , including prominent actresses , have accused Harvey Weinstein of misconduct ranging from rape to harassment . Weinstein , who was fired as his company 's CEO in October , has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex .
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a “ stalking horse ” agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners , meaning the equity firm has agreed to buy the company , subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware .
Lantern was among a group of investors that had been in talks for months to buy the company outside of bankruptcy . That deal was complicated when Schneiderman filed his lawsuit , citing concerns that the sale would benefit executives accused of enabling Weinstein 's alleged misconduct and provide insufficient guarantees of compensation for his accusers . Talks to revive the sale finally fell apart two weeks ago when the group of buyers said they had discovered undisclosed liabilities .
The Weinstein Co. said it chose Lantern as a potential buyer because the firm was committed to keeping on the studio 's employees as a going concern .
“ While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court , the Board is pleased to have a plan for maximizing the value of its assets , preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims , ” said Bob Weinstein , who co-founded the company with his brother Harvey in 2005 and remains chairman of the board of directors .
Lantern co-founders Andy Mitchell and Milos Brajovic said they were committed to “ following through on our promise to reposition the business as a pre-eminent content provider , while cultivating a positive presence in the industry . ”
Under bankruptcy protection , civil lawsuits filed by Weinstein 's accusers will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company . Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company .
Schneiderman 's lawsuit will not be halted by the bankruptcy filing because it was filed by a law enforcement agency . Schneiderman said his investigation would continue and that his office would engage with the Weinstein Co. and Lantern to ensure “ that victims are compensated , employees are protected moving forward , and perpetrators and enablers of abuse are not unjustly enriched . ”
Other bidders also could emerge during the bankruptcy process , particularly those interested in the company 's lucrative 277-film library , which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label . Free of liabilities , the company 's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy .
In more fallout over the scandal , New York 's governor directed the state attorney general to review a decision by the Manhattan district attorney 's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her .
The bankruptcy process will bring the company 's finances into public view , including the extent of its debt . The buyers who pulled out of the sale earlier this month said they discovered up to $ 64 million in undisclosed liabilities , including $ 27 million in residuals and profit participation . Those liabilities came on top of $ 225 million in debt , which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $ 500 million acquisition deal .
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker . Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company after leaving Miramax , the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like “ Pulp Fiction. ” After finding success with Oscar winners “ The Artist ” and “ The King 's Speech , ” the Weinstein Co. 's output and relevance diminished in recent years . The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash .
Last year , the studio sold distribution rights for the movie “ Paddington 2 ” to Warner Bros. for more than $ 30 million .
KIEV , Ukraine — An anti-corruption agency established in Ukraine two years ago was expected to be the driving force that would uproot the endemic graft that depleted the nation 's resources and worried its Western allies .
But the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine instead has come under fire from allies of President Petro Poroshenko who are trying to curtail its operations and authority .
NABU chief Artem Sytnik told The Associated Press in a weekend interview that fear is behind the recent attempts by political and business elites to weaken the agency that was supposed to be a visible symbol of reform in Ukraine .
“ The old and new elites are quite scared ” after realizing “ there are no untouchables anymore , ” Sytnik said .
Last month , the Security Service of Ukraine and the prosecutor general 's office derailed a sting operation by undercover NABU agents to catch a State Migration Service official suspected of issuing passports and residence permits for bribes . The agencies accused NABU of illegal eavesdropping and released the names of its agents , blowing their covers .
Poroshenko 's faction and its allies in parliament also have submitted a bill that would allow lawmakers to fire the anti-corruption agency 's director with a simple majority vote . Under current law , NABU 's chief can only be fired for a criminal conviction , a provision that was intended to ensure independence .
“ Those attacks are directly linked to the fact that we investigate an increasing number of criminal cases involving people who are in control of the media , material or administrative resources , which they turn against us , ” Sytnik said .
Since its creation in 2015 , NABU has investigated 461 cases involving business executives , government officials and judges accused of involvement in corrupt schemes .
Sytnik thinks the current campaign against his agency results from a probe that targeted the son of Interior Minister Arsen Avakov for alleged involvement in a scheme to embezzle 14 million hryvnias ( about $ 520,000 ) allocated for purchasing police rucksacks .
Avakov has insisted his son was innocent and alleged that NABU of falling under political influence .
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde expressed concern about the recent developments “ that could roll back progress that has been made in setting up independent institutions to tackle high-level corruption , including the National Anti-Corruption Bureau . ”
“ Fighting corruption is a key demand of the Ukrainian society , is crucial to achieving stronger and equitable growth , and is part of the government 's commitment under the program with the IMF , ” Lagarde said in a statement last week .
She urged the Ukrainian government and parliament to safeguard NABU 's independence and to move quickly to set up an independent anti-corruption court “ to credibly adjudicate high-level corruption cases . ”
IMF made the establishment of a court where corruption cases could be prosecuted a condition for releasing further installments of a $ 17.5-billion aid package as Ukraine grapples with the separatist conflict in the east .
In what was seen as another attempt to block anti-corruption efforts , lawmakers from Poroshenko 's faction and their allies voted Thursday to dismiss the chairman of the anti-corruption committee in parliament .
“ The former and present corrupt elite have colluded , ” the ousted committee head , Yegor Sobolev , said . “ Their plan is to break the independence of anti-corruption bodies , replace them with fake ones and stop the process of cleaning the government , ” he added .
Popular anger over corruption was a factor in months of protests that drove Ukraine 's former Russia-leaning president from office in February 2014 . Poroshenko 's failure to oversee progress has caused growing impatience and triggered calls for his impeachment led by Mikheil Saakashvili , the former Georgia president turned Ukrainian opposition leader .
After leading several rallies in Kyiv , Saakashvili was arrested Friday on allegations that he colluded with Ukrainian businessmen tied to Russia to topple the president . Saakashvili scoffed at the charges , alleging they resulted from longtime hostility between him and Russian President Vladimir Putin .
“ The detention of Saakashvili shows how far Poroshenko is ready to go to muzzle his opponents and those who expose corruption , ” Sobolev said .
Thousands of Saakashvili 's supporters marched across the Ukrainian capital Sunday , demanding his release and calling for Poroshenko to be impeached .
“ Poroshenko is continuing the worst traditions of the old nomenklatura , ” said Vitaly Shabunin , the head of watchdog group the Center for Fighting Corruption . “ The same old elites , the same people have taken different political slogans , but their way of thinking and their goals have remained the same . ”
Rarity aside , CNET notes that it works as promised . Bring your Apple Watch close to the machine and it 'll ask you to confirm your activity , and syncs activity after that . All the data your watch would normally collect shows up on the exercise equipment 's display , including activity-specific data like flights climbed on a stair stepper . The info reflects the Apple Watch 's heart rate measurements as well as the height and weight you supplied in the Health app , so you do n't have to keep a firm grip on handlebars or punch in stats like you do with conventional fitness hardware . And if you forget to sync before you start , do n't panic -- you can still pair later into a session , including afterwards .
Support will spread soon enough , with 130 other Life Time gyms ( focused initially on gyms opened in 2017 ) across the US getting GymKit starting in 2018 . Equinox gyms are also upgrading in 2018 , starting with New York City . However , it could be a very long while before the technology becomes ubiquitous . As any gym rat can tell you , facilities tend to hold on to equipment until the bitter end , waiting until it either breaks or is woefully outdated . Your local gym probably is n't going to upgrade just to make sure its machines and your Apple Watch exist in perfect harmony .
OKLAHOMA CITY — Authorities say suspects in the 1999 shooting deaths of an Oklahoma couple and the abduction of their 16-year-old daughter and her friend “ bragged ” about photographing the girls while they were bound .
Sixty-six-year-old Ronnie Dean Busick was charged Monday with four counts of first-degree murder in the killing of Danny and Kathy Freeman of Craig County , and the disappearance of teenagers Lauria Bible and Ashley Freeman .
Oklahoma officials say two other suspects have died .
According to an affidavit , unnamed witnesses interviewed by investigators said the suspects abducted the girls , and that they had seen photos of them . Authorities believe the teenagers were eventually killed and might be buried in a pit in northeastern Oklahoma .
Lauria Bible 's mother , Lorene Bible , says she believes “ somebody knows where these girls are . ”
Uncertainty about husband 's whereabouts : Woman seeks divorce from “ relative ”
A housewife , Hauwa Musa , on Tuesday approached a Mararaba Upper Area Court , Nasarawa State , to demand for divorce from her husband 's family , as she can not establish whether he is alive or dead . Hauwa told the court that the respondent , one Mr Musa Dangudu , who is a farmer and resides at One Man Village , is an [ … ]
The post Uncertainty about husband 's whereabouts : Woman seeks divorce from “ relative ” appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The communes are not part of official government discourses . Nor are the two fundamental bodies created in recent years : the Presidential Council for the People 's Government of Communes and the National Communal Parliament . What are these bodies ? What situation are they in ? Why are they not named , and what will the National Constituent Assembly say with respect to this ? Below is an interview with Jennifer Castillo , a commune activist and militant with the Revolutionary Bolivar and Zamora Current in Tachira .
What are the Presidential Council for the People 's Government of Communes and the National Communal Parliament ?
The Presidential Council is the voice of the bloc of communes in each state , it is [ the body ] which advance , carries out , plans , controls and communicates the vision for a communal economy in each geographical area . The Presidential Council and the National Communal Parliament are not two different things but rather the unity of what is a big commune , self-government . These bodies have to be at the same level as the ministries . The Presidential Council should meet with ministers to develop government plans , something which has not been done . There were two attempts and then there was no progression .
These structures have given us a lot of benefits . One of them is the feeling of camaraderie that one communard activist feels for the other . When I talk about benefits , I 'm referring to what one commune can do for another , for example , the exchange of crops , the solidarity economy . A commune that produces one crop can exchange with another . The exchange of knowledge , which is the driving force that the Communal Parliament needs through debate with the grassroots , trough open open assemblies , it legislates , that is the Communal Parliament .
In that same vein , we are creating rules for the functioning of a great communal company . These will be taken to all states , to all communes , to all communal councils , so that they can be debated until we have a document to orientate the norms of this system , the great communal transport system .
How would you describe the current situation of these bodies ? Why do they not appear in the public agenda ?
The current situation is full of disillusionment , there is not the same support [ from the government ] , or the same enthusiasm as when we began the Presidential Council [ in 2014 ] . There are a lot of projects , but they do n't go anywhere . The national executive was supposed to meet with us once a month but that has been forgotten . Likewise , parallel structures have been created alongside the Presidential Council , such as the Homeland Congress . But where are the communes ? Because the communes are the fundamental nucleus where all communal councils are , where all sectors that live in a community are : campesinos , workers , sex and gender diverse groups , they are all present in the communes . At this moment , everything is visible except the communes .
They wo n't put us in the public arena because of power interests . We believe that there should not be a parallel structure to that of the communes , because the commune has everything to solve the problems of the community . What has happened is that they have not been given sufficient value by state institutions . What keeps us committed to this struggle is because we recognize each other as communards in our own territories , we do not need institutional recognition .
The public agenda of Chavismo with all its structure should put its ear to the ground and listen : there are the communes , although it has been incredibly difficult to manage at a local level because of the lack of institutional support .
The National Communal Parliament for its part has been deployed much more . It is organized through networks which have traveled throughout nine states in the country and maintained permanent debate . It has collected signatures against the interference of the United States in internal affairs of the country . We have been to the foreign ministry in support of our homeland , we have been to marches .
What challenges do you see for the commune movement within the framework of the National Constituent Assembly ? What should appear in the new Constitution ?
One of the principle challenges will be to manage to restructure the communal movement through the national effort which we are carrying out to restructure the communes and the communal councils , and to help with their development plans and to accompany them in their struggles .
The National Constituent Assembly [ ANC ] must serve [ the people ] by establishing the sixth power , which is popular power , and in particular communal power . The commune movement has carried out debates over what should be established in the constitution , and one of its chapters must establish the responsibilities , rights and functions … of each body so it has the power to act . Furthermore , we have proposed that the communes receive a percentage of GDP which is destined to production in communal territories , so that the communes become self-sustainable in time .
We also believe that the capacity of each organization to defend its territory should be stipulated . We 're talking about the Bolivarian communal militia , and taking preventative measures because the militia is what will defend us when we need it . Likewise , the defense of sport , recreation , study , culture and environmental protections . The commune should protect the rivers , the nature within its territory .
All of this is a challenge for us in the commune movement , and it should be in the new constitution through the ANC . The twenty-four delegates that represent the communes have the challenge of raising these proposals that have emerged from the heart of the commune movement , so that they are in unison with the worker and campesino sectors , because all of these sectors are present within the communes .
Translated by Rachael Boothroyd Rojas for Venezuelanalysis .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Getty Image
According to the New York Times , at least four members of the U.S. Army Special Forces contingent popularly known as the Green Berets were killed during an ambush in Niger . In a previous report published on Thursday , the Times indicated three Green Berets were killed among a reconnaissance patrol consisting of nearly a dozen Americans and their Nigerian soldier trainees . The team 's leaders had apparently told their superiors that the operation was “ low risk ” in nature , as they believed there was little chance of encountering hostile activity 120 miles north of Niger 's capital , Niamey .
Military officials familiar with the incident told the Times they believe the attack was carried out by al-Qaeda forces from the nearby West African country of Mali . Per the latest update , American commanders are n't entirely sure how the fourth Green Beret was killed :
It was not clear whether the American was captured and killed by militants or whether he had been separated during the fighting that erupted on Wednesday… In the hours following the attack when it became clear that the soldier was missing , additional troops from the Joint Special Operations Command were rushing to try to help find him , according to American officials .
In addition to the four U.S. soldiers who were killed , at least two others were injured during the surprise attack :
The firefight lasted roughly 30 minutes and involved less than a dozen United States troops and more than 20 Nigerien soldiers . The official said they ran into a large group of militants traveling in pickup trucks mounted with machine guns , known as technicals , that took them by surprise . United States drones were in the area , but it is unclear how close they were at the time of the attack given the mission 's perceived low risk .
Pentagon officials are reportedly still in “ shock ” following the incident , which resulted in the first combat deaths suffered by American forces in an expanding counterterrorism mission in the region .
( Via New York Times )
HAMILTON , Mont . — The Latest on the sentencing of a pain doctor in the deaths of two patients ( all times local ) :
4:15 p.m .
A western Montana pain doctor who was convicted of prescribing drugs to two patients who died of overdoses has been sentenced to 10 years in prison .
District Judge Jeffrey Langton sentenced 69-year-old Chris Christensen on Friday , but then suspended the sentence pending an appeal of his convictions . Christensen was released on a previously posted $ 200,000 bond .
Christensen , of Florence , was convicted in November of two counts of negligent homicide in the deaths of Greg Griffin and Kara Philbrick-Lenker . He also was convicted of 11 counts of drug distribution and nine counts of criminal endangerment .
Prosecutors alleged Christensen overprescribed opiates and other drugs in dangerous combinations and should have known he was putting patients at risk because five of his patients in Idaho died and six others were hospitalized in the 1990 's because of overdoses . His defence argued he was a compassionate doctor who cared for his patients .
10:25 p.m .
A western Montana pain doctor who was convicted of prescribing drugs to two patients who died of overdoses has been sentenced to 10 years in prison .
District Judge Jeffrey Langton sentenced 69-year-old Chris Christensen on Friday to 20 years in prison with 10 suspended .
Christensen was convicted in November of two counts of negligent homicide in the deaths of Greg Griffin and Kara Philbrick-Lenker . He also was convicted of 11 counts of drug distribution and nine counts of criminal endangerment involving other patients .
Prosecutors alleged Christensen overprescribed opiates and other drugs in dangerous combinations and should have known he was putting patients at risk because five of his patients in Idaho died and six others were hospitalized in the 1990 's because of overdoses .
Christensen 's attorney has said he plans to appeal the convictions .
PHOENIX — The Latest on Tuesday 's special election for an Arizona congressional seat ( all times local ) :
6:56 a.m .
Polls are open in the Phoenix area for Tuesday 's special election to fill a vacant U.S. House seat in which Republican Debbie Lesko and Democrat Hiral Tipirneni are running to replace former Congressman Trent Franks .
Tipirneni is an emergency room physician and a cancer research advocate , while Lesko served in the state Senate until recently , representing parts of Arizona 's 8th Congressional District since 2009 .
Franks is a Republican who resigned in December amid sexual misconduct allegations .
Tipirneni is trying to pull off an upset , but Republicans have a sizable lead in both voter registration in the district and in early ballots already cast in the special election .
——
11 p.m .
A Democratic newcomer is trying to pull off an upset victory for an open U.S. House seat in Arizona that has been held by Republicans since the early 1980s .
Hiral Tipirneni is an emergency room physician and a cancer research advocate , but many observers see her odds as slim against former state Sen. Debbie Lesko .
They face off in Tuesday 's special election to replace former Rep. Trent Franks in Arizona 's 8th District , who resigned in December amid sexual harassment allegations .
Lesko , a Republican , has represented parts of the district since 2009 .
She has an extremely strong base of support in a district Franks had locked up since 2003 .
FRIBOURG , Switzerland — Michael Matthews of Australia won the opening Tour of Romandie prologue on Tuesday for his first victory of the season .
Matthews was one second faster than Tom Bohli of Switzerland on the 4-kilometre ( 2-1/2 mile ) route around Fribourg . Primoz Roglic of Slovenia was third .
After a stellar 2017 , when he won two Tour de France stages and the green jersey as most consistent finisher , Matthews had a low-key European spring season .
The Team Sunweb rider told Swiss broadcaster RTS it was a “ massive relief ” to get his first win .
The six-day race through Switzerland 's French-speaking region continues Wednesday with a 166-kilometre ( 103-mile ) ride from Fribourg to Delemont . It includes three category 2 climbs .
2017 : Implement N52,000 Minimum Wages , NLC Tells PMB
The Nigerian Labour Congress ( NLC ) has listed the implementation of the N52,000 new minimum wages as well as tackling unemployment crisis in the country as two major areas where it will confront the federal government in 2017 .
The congress in a new year message by its president , Ayuba Wabba also urged the Muhammadu Buhari led government to muster the necessary political will to deal with the challenge of the power sector , either reversal of the privatization of the sector or ensuring that those who run the sector provide electricity on regular basis and at rates consumer can afford .
He said in the new year , with states earning more revenue from sales of crude oil , and more money as a result of the massive devaluation of the naira , the NLC will continue its campaign to ensure that the incidence of non-payment of salaries as at when due , is no longer a feature of our national life .
The NLC president said Nigerians are yet to see the massive job creation promised by the APC led government , stressing that “ How many jobs has the federal government and the 23 states controlled by the ruling party created in the course of the last 20 or so months , in furtherance of its pledge to Nigerians during the electioneering campaign . ”
He said , in the new year , the crisis of monumental unemployment in the country will remain with us , unless something drastic is done . Accorsing to him , the NLC had stated in its past may day and new year messages , as well as other policy pronouncements , that it has some ideas on how , Nigeria can create new and sustainable jobs .
He said “ unfortunately , no one in government has thought it necessary to give us a hearing on what these ideas are , and what they entail . Presently , we are not even sure which ministry or agency of the government is the focal point on job creation . ”
On the urgent need for new national minimum wage , Wabba said the NLC will in the new year redouble its efforts , using all available means at their disposal to get the federal government to constitute the tripartite panel to renegotiate a new minimum wage , which must be a living wage .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As many of you probably know , February is African-American History Month . In recognition of that , I 'll be spending this month writing on African-American history in Mason County . This article is on a school that is often confused for another nearby institution .
Founded in an era where racism and segregation were the norm , the Lakin School was part of a much larger reform system organized by three African-American legislators . These men were T.G . Nutter , Harry Capehart , and T.J. Coleman . Between 1919 and 1921 , they successfully organized state funding for several institutions , including a similar school for girls in Huntington , the WV Colored Children 's Home in Huntington , and the Lakin State Hospital for the Colored Insane , among others . All of these institutions were to be staffed solely by African-Americans .
But do n't let the name fool you . This was n't a regular school . The Lakin Industrial School for Colored Boys , as it was named , was organized as part of the state 's juvenile correctional system . Prior to this , the juvenile system consisted of two integrated and overcrowded reform schools , one for boys at Pruntytown and one for girls at Salem .
In constructing the Lakin School , no expense was spared . The main building , finished in 1924 , was designed to be completely fireproof . An attempt at arson in 2000 , which did almost no damage , serves as a testament to the quality of this building . The complex also contained a swimming pool , a working farm , and multiple workshops for the teens to learn trades . The equipment provided the means for the juveniles to work as anything from a barber to a mechanic . In that sense , it truly was a reform school more than it was a prison , but nonetheless , it was still a part of the state 's correctional system .
The school operated from 1924 , when the main building was completed , to 1956 , when Brown vs. Board of Education was decided by the U.S. Supreme Court . This court case led to the desegregation of public schools , which included reform schools . That year , everyone was moved back to Pruntytown and the Lakin School was abandoned . Pruntytown operated as a reform school until 1983 , when it was consolidated with the Industrial School for Girls to form the Industrial School for Youth in Salem . This facility closed in 2013 , and juveniles were sent to other facilities across the state .
After its closure , the ownership of Lakin School was transferred to Lakin State Hospital until it came under the control of the Department of Agriculture in 1976 .
Sadly , this architectural masterpiece no longer remains . Over the years , vandals left their mark on the structure as well . The land was bought by AEP in 2006 , and the buildings were subsequently demolished . The other buildings constructed as a part of this program have been demolished as well . Nothing remains of the Industrial School for Girls or Colored Children 's Home in Huntington , and only one building remains of the original Lakin Hospital . That hospital was across Rt . 62 from the Industrial School , and they were two separate institutions with different missions . A later article will be on its history .
Information from the West Virginia State Archives , Clio , the WV Encyclopedia , and the Point Pleasant Register .
http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-2.jpg
A look at ‘ Lakin '
By Chris Rizer Special to the Register
Chris Rizer is president of the Mason County Historical and Preservation Society . The next meeting of the Mason County Historical and Preservation Society will be Feb. 17 at 6:30 p.m. at the New Haven Library .
Chris Rizer is president of the Mason County Historical and Preservation Society . The next meeting of the Mason County Historical and Preservation Society will be Feb. 17 at 6:30 p.m. at the New Haven Library .
'NFF Must Learn Lessons From Eagles ' Defeat To Bafana '
Leadership Newspapers
Nigerian international and Fulham forward , Sone Aluko has urged the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) to learn lessons and move on from Super Eagles ' stunning defeat to South Africa last weekend in Uyo , saying there are lots of improvements to be made .
Furman 's body on the block Mail & Guardian
all 2 news articles »
Mikel Ca n't Wait For “ Big ” England Friendly ; £35 To £75 Tickets Go On Sale
Mikel Obi is confident that the Super Eagles will be at their best for the pre-World Cup friendly match against England at Wembley Stadium on 2 June .
The Nigeria captain , who celebrated his 31st birthday on Sunday , admitted that the Super Eagles have little margin for error since the friendly is so close to the Russia 2018 World Cup .
“ The match comes up only two weeks before our first match at the FIFA World Cup , ” Mikel , who played in England with Chelsea for over 10 years , told thenff.com on Tuesday .
“ It will be a big occasion and a big match for both teams as we both look forward to our respective first matches in Russia .
“ England is a special place for me having spent so many years playing there , and it is one country I love to go to . We ( Super Eagles ) are already talking to each other and everyone is looking forward to the game . ”
Nigeria face Croatia in their first group match at the 2018 World Cup at the Kaliningrad Stadium on Saturday , 16th June before games against Iceland ( Volgograd , 22nd June ) and Argentina ( Saint Petersburg 26th June ) in Group D .
England will play their first match against Tunisia ( Volgograd , 18th June ) before matches against Panama ( Nizhny Novgorod 24th June ) and Belgium ( Kaliningrad , 28th June ) in Group G .
Meanwhile , tickets for the England/Nigeria match are still on sale , with the lowest ticket going for the sum of £35 . There are also tickets for £70 , £55 pounds and £45 . Concessions are available for students , persons under the age of 16 and senior citizens , with £10 off their preferred ticket .
Organizers told thenff.com on Tuesday that no tickets would be sold on match day at the Wembley Stadium , while urging Nigerian fans to buy the ‘ Away Tickets ' as Nigeria will benefit from sales of ‘ Away Tickets ' .
The post Mikel Ca n't Wait For “ Big ” England Friendly ; £35 To £75 Tickets Go On Sale appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PORT CHARLOTTE , Fla. ( AP ) — As the leader of a pitching staff that underperformed last season , Chris Archer relishes the challenge of helping the revamped Tampa Bay Rays re-emerge as playoff contenders .
The team opened spring training Tuesday with increased competition for jobs at a number of key positions , as well as expectations of improving on last year 's last-place finish in the AL East .
Archer acknowledged before the first workout for pitchers and catchers that the Rays are built to thrive on a strong starting rotation . He also stressed it will take more to make the transition from a club coming off its worst record in nearly a decade to a championship-caliber team .
“ Obviously it 's more than just starting pitching . People are going to have to step up in the bullpen . We 're going to have to score more runs than we did last year because when we did pitch well we still struggled to win games , ” Archer said .
“ I 'm taking full responsibility for what I can do , and everybody on the staff is taking responsibility for what they can do , ” he added . “ But I think it 's time for us to shift away from relying solely on starting pitching . You look at teams that win championships , they 're well-rounded . They can do everything . ”
A year removed from being a first-time All-Star , Archer lost 19 games in 2016 . He pitched better over the second half of the season , though , and the Rays are optimistic about the prospect of a healthy Alex Cobb making a difference in a slightly reconfigured rotation this year .
“ We already know what we 're capable of if we 're healthy , ” Archer said . “ As long as we pitch like ourselves , we can contend with anybody . ”
The Rays made several moves during the offseason aimed at improving the offense and defense , including signing free agents Colby Rasmus and Wilson Ramos and trading starting pitcher Drew Smyly and second baseman Logan Forsythe in separate deals that brought young outfielder Mallex Smith and pitching prospect Jose De Leon to Tampa Bay .
Rasmus and Smith will compete in camp for starting jobs in the outfield , while holdovers Brad Smith , Tim Beckham and Nick Franklin are among the candidates to be the regular second baseman .
“ Last year our defense slipped a little bit . That 's another thing that 's made this organization so successful , Some of those things we could n't control , ” manager Kevin Cash said , citing injuries that sidelined outfielders Kevin Kiermaier and Steven Souza Jr. , for stretches of 2016 . “ But ultimately , we know we revolve around starting pitching . And we 're confident they do n't have to do anything more , just be the guys we know they 're capable of being . ”
A third member of the projected starting rotation , right-hander Jake Odorizzi , won his salary arbitration case against the Rays , receiving a raise from $ 520,700 to $ 4.1 million for this year . The Rays offered $ 3.825 million .
“ We worked really hard on the case and worked really hard the three or four seasons leading up to it . So I think it 's kind of a culmination of a lot of hard work over the years . … It 's good to get a win , ” Odorizzi said .
Meanwhile , the Rays finalized a $ 2 million , one-year contract with injured pitcher Nathan Eovaldi , who will miss the 2017 season while recovering from Tommy John surgery performed last summer while he was with the New York Yankees . The deal includes a $ 2 million club option for 2018 , plus an opportunity to earn up to $ 3.5 million in performance bonuses .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
> > back to WFLA.com for more top stories
The 2018 Ontario election will be fought around the edges of the central issue facing the province : how much government can we afford ?
Premier Kathleen Wynne was right when she said the contest will offer a clear choice between her governing Liberals and the poll-leading Conservatives .
Here 's the premier : “ There 's a stark choice on June 7 . So we 're making a deliberate choice with our next budget . ”
That budget , due March 28 , is expected to begin a whole new era of spending since the government has abandoned its commitment to balance the books in 2018 . ( It never appeared to be a serious commitment . ) Instead , Wynne said there will be new money for mental health , seniors care and the environment .
Across the great political divide , Doug Ford the new Progressive Conservative leader , said he will campaign on a balanced budget and continue to meet needs by eliminating government waste .
Ford said he can cut billions through efficiencies , without any government employees losing their jobs .
In fact , the leaders of both parties reached into thin air and grabbed numbers to support their arguments .
Wynne pulled 40,000 from nowhere , saying that 's how many jobs Ford will cut .
For his part , Ford has talked about cutting some $ 6 billion from provincial expenditures .
Although I have serious reservations about Ford as premier , he is absolutely right about the need to reduce government spending .
With the province 's debt of over $ 311 billion , and carrying charges of $ 1 billion a month , Ontario ca n't afford any more borrowing .
In the heartland – if rural Ontario can be called that – spending and debt at all levels of government , but particularly provincial , are a concern of many voters .
The out-of-control spending over the past 15 years of Liberal rule is proof that the government does not have what 's best for the people , or the province , top of mind .
Today 's debt levels simply are not sustainable , particularly in a province that has made life economically tough for small businesses and individuals in so many ways , from hydro rates to user fees .
Shovelling money out the door on all kinds of priorities at Queen 's Park means more bureaucrats to keep track of it all . Since bureaucrats , in both the public and private sector produce nothing , the growth in their numbers is a warning sign of problems down the road .
The province needs entrepreneurs and business people willing to take a risk to establish entities that actually produce wealth and employ others .
The other party that should be in the running to win the June election , the NDP , seems anxious to outspend even the Liberals .
NDP Leader Andrea Horwath has pledged free dental care and pharmacare as part of a universal health care plan .
Such a plan would be ideal in a province as rich as Ontario , but we ca n't afford it with today 's balance sheet and the waste of billions over the past 15 years . The party is to discuss costing in the days ahead .
We 're not even in the official election campaign yet , but we 're getting good insight to where it 's headed .
As I said , around the edges of the real issue .
jimmerriam @ hotmail.com
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season .
Connor McDavid , Alex Ovechkin , Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in his team 's season opener . It 's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in his season opener in 100 years , since the NHL 's first two games back in 1917 .
Ovechkin 's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of his career , most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time . Reigning MVP McDavid picked up his second already at age 20 .
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first , respectively , in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener . Saad 's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965 .
The four players who scored three-plus goals in the league 's first-ever games — Joe Malone and Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers , Cy Denneny of the original Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas — were all alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born .
——
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/SWhyno
——
For more AP NHL coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
The year before Car Seat Headrest relocated to Seattle and made the leap from hometown hero to international acclaim , frontman Will Toledo produced a collection of five intricate tracks for another band : Gold Connections . The project of songwriter Will Marsh , Gold Connections is something like the Silver Jews to Car Seat 's Pavement : rich and wandering , hazy and pensive with the sort of thoughtful lyrics and explosive choruses we 've come to expect from a Toledo production . Recorded in the basement of a DIY venue near Virginia 's College of William & Mary , the band 's newest single “ Faith in Anyone , ” off their forthcoming self-titled EP , is a stoned spiritual that builds to ambitious new heights .
Against a steady bassline and the buzz of dusty guitars , Marsh writes of suburban resignation , of lingering pains , and the summers between semesters that once seemed without end . “ I know , I know , we will never grow old , ” he sings . “ I could never lose faith in anyone , but there you go. ” Check out the track below and pre-order the EP–due out March 31–here .
Liberty Global plc ( `` Liberty Global '' ) ( NASDAQ LBTYA , LBTYB , LBTYK , LILA and LILAK ) , today provided an update on the impact of Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria on its operations in the Caribbean .
In Cable & Wireless ( `` C & W '' ) , over 50 % of mobile sites across our impacted markets of Anguilla , Antigua & Barbuda , British Virgin Islands ( `` BVI '' ) , Dominica , Montserrat , St Kitts & Nevis , and Turks & Caicos are now online and we continue to make progress with further repairs . Our fixed networks also suffered significant damage across these markets and we are working to re-establish connectivity as quickly as possible . The revenue contribution from the markets where we experienced the most significant impact from Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria ( Anguilla , BVI , Turks & Caicos and Dominica ) represent around 4 % of C & W 's Q2 2017 revenue .
Although we suffered some damage to our sub-sea systems due to Hurricanes Irma and Maria , the redundancy and resilience of our networks enabled us to maintain connectivity throughout all our countries served , with the exception of Dominica that went temporarily offline but was quickly restored once the storm passed .
The impact of the hurricanes on our Liberty Cablevision Puerto Rico ( `` LCPR '' ) operation and C & W in Puerto Rico are still being assessed . Individuals and businesses across Puerto Rico are dealing with the challenges caused by water , fuel and food shortages and severe damage to essential infrastructure . As for most businesses , LCPR and C & W are dependent on , among other things , power supply to deliver our services . Puerto Rico 's power supply and transmission system was severely impacted by the hurricanes and power is still only available in a limited portion of the island . Accordingly , we can not predict when and to what extent LCPR and C & W will be able to restore services across the island .
We expect to receive insurance proceeds to cover the losses to our operations resulting from both Hurricanes Irma and Maria as part of our natural catastrophe risk management program . Because these hurricanes inflicted damage over a number of days and to a wide area , we are assessing the extent of damage and loss and the applicable terms of our insurance policy . At this stage no assurances can be given as to the total amount and timing of the insurance proceeds that our operations will ultimately recover due to a variety of factors such as length of business interruption , deductibles and cost of infrastructure repair .
Given the uncertainty of the ultimate impacts that the recent hurricanes have had on our businesses , we are reviewing our previously-issued 2017 financial guidance for LiLAC and we will provide an update at our upcoming third quarter 2017 investor call in November .
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , including statements with respect to the impact of Hurricanes Irma and Maria on our operations in the Caribbean , our ability to timely and fully recover proceeds under our insurance policies , our financial guidance , and other information and statements that are not historical fact . These risks and uncertainties include , among other things , events that are outside of our control , such as hurricanes and other natural disasters , the continued use by subscribers and potential subscribers of our services and their willingness to upgrade to our more advanced offerings ; general economic factors ; the availability of attractive programming for our video services and the costs associated with such programming ; our ability to achieve forecasted financial and operating targets ; the ability of our operating companies to access cash of their respective subsidiaries ; the impact of our operating companies ' future financial performance , or market conditions generally , on the availability , terms and deployment of capital ; the ability of suppliers and vendors to timely deliver quality products , equipment , software , services and access ; and other factors detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including our most recently filed Form 10-K , as amended , and Form 10-Q . These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release . We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events , conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based .
About Liberty Global
Liberty Global is the world 's largest international TV and broadband company , with operations in more than 30 countries across Europe , Latin America and the Caribbean . We invest in the infrastructure that empowers our customers to make the most of the digital revolution . Our scale and commitment to innovation enable us to develop market-leading products delivered through next-generation networks that connect our 25 million customers who subscribe to 51 million television , broadband internet and telephony services . We also serve over 10 million mobile subscribers and offer WiFi service across 10 million access points .
Liberty Global 's businesses are comprised of two stocks : the Liberty Global Group ( NASDAQ : LBTYA , LBTYB and LBTYK ) for our European operations , and the LiLAC Group ( NASDAQ : LILA and LILAK , OTC Link : LILAB ) , which consists of our operations in Latin America and the Caribbean .
The Liberty Global Group operates in 12 European countries under the consumer brands Virgin Media , Unitymedia , Telenet and UPC .
The Liberty Global Group also owns 50 % of VodafoneZiggo , a Dutch joint venture , which has 4 million customers , 10 million fixed-line subscribers and 5 million mobile subscribers . The LiLAC Group operates in over 20 countries in Latin America and the Caribbean under the consumer brands VTR , Flow , Liberty , Más Móvil and BTC . In addition , the LiLAC Group operates a sub-sea fiber network throughout the region connecting over 40 markets .
For more information , please visit www.libertyglobal.com .
$ page_length='long ' ; ? >
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje on Wednesday invited Japanese companies to invest in solar energy sector in the state .
In her meeting with a delegation of Japan External Trade Organization ( JETRO ) here , she said solar energy is the power of the future and Rajasthan is the ideal destination for investment in Solar Energy .
“ Rajasthan has benefitted from the special relationship between India and Japan . Japan and Rajasthan have been working together for more than a decade and this partnership will keep going stronger , ” said Raje , according to an official statement .
JETRO , she said , has been playing pivotal role in this partnership .
The Japanese zone , set up in Neemrana in Alwar district during her last regime , has become a role model and other states are also emulating it .
She assured that Rajasthan Government was committed to provide all possible cooperation and support to JETRO and Japanese investors .
JETRO 's Chief Director General , India , Kazuya Nakajo and other members of the delegation praised the steps taken by Rajasthan government to create an investor friendly atmosphere and promote ease of doing business in the state .
Suspected Bayelsa drug baron nabbed – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SYDNEY ( AP ) — Socceroos skipper Mile Jedinak has been recalled to Australia 's squad for a pair of crucial World Cup qualifiers against Japan and Thailand .
The Aston Villla midfielder missed Australia 's Confederations Cup campaign because of a groin injury but has been given time to prove his fitness for the last two qualifiers , away against Group B-leading Japan on Aug. 31 in Saitama and at home against last-place Thailand in Melbourne on Sept. 5 .
Japan leads the group with 17 points , one clear of Saudi Arabia and unbeaten Australia and seven clear of fourth-place United Arab Emirates . The top two teams in Groups A and B will automatically qualify for the World Cup in Russia , and the two third-place teams will meet to determine which goes into an intercontinental playoff .
Tim Cahill and 21 other players involved in the Confederations Cup squad have been retained for the qualifiers .
`` We have n't strayed too far from the players who went to the Confederations Cup and who we have had on the radar for a while , so not a great deal of change at this stage , '' Australia coach Ange Postecoglou . `` It is going to be a great challenge playing away from home against one of the top nations but that 's what we like to embrace as a team .
`` We are looking forward to going over ( to Japan ) and hopefully getting three points which will put us in great shape for qualification . ''
Getty Image
When you hear people discussing a rookie on the Los Angeles Lakers , there 's about a 99.99999 percent chance that person is talking about Lonzo Ball . But thanks to Joon Lee of Bleacher Report , we got a look at Kyle Kuzma , a rookie forward who the Lakers received in the trade that sent D'Angelo Russell and Timofey Mozgov to Brooklyn .
Kuzma grew up in Flint , Mich. , and explained that he needed to get away from the various issues that impacted the city if he wanted to pursue his dream of playing basketball , saying he viewed the sport as his way out .
As he told Lee , “ I did n't want to go back there . I wanted to explore the world and explore life . I wanted to have more to life than Flint . ”
While he had high hopes for himself , Kuzma did n't get much attention at Bentley Senior High School in Michigan , boasting offers from smaller schools . So he decided to do a post grad year , leaving his mother , Karri , for the first time in his life , which led to the two of them crying before he left for Rise Academy in Philadelphia .
Even as a fat girl , I am still getting it – Ruth Kadiri – Information Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After paying tribute to yacht rock with Kenny Loggins and Michael McDonald , Thundercat comes back with the Valentine 's Day present “ Friend Zone. ” Manning the ship solo on this outing , Thundercat 's new single returns to his signature bounce as he rides an astral key riff . ( He also finds the space to quote Kendrick Lamar 's “ Bitch , Do n't Kill My Vibe . ” )
“ Friend Zone , ” along with the previously released “ Show You the Way , ” will appear on Thundercat 's upcoming LP Drunk , which is out February 24 via Brainfeeder . Listen to the new cut here and catch his tour dates here .
A look at what 's happening around baseball Thursday :
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night , Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston . Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend , that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year 's post-season . Lance McCullers Jr. ( 6-3 , 3.98 ERA ) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz ( 1-2 , 6.75 ERA ) .
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies . The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis . He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season . Aaron Nola ( 6-2 , 2.27 ERA ) pitches for the Phillies .
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves , in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East , begin a four-game series in Atlanta . Tanner Roark ( 2-4 , 3.17 ERA ) starts for Washington against Atlanta 's Sean Newcomb ( 5-1 , 2.75 ERA ) .
‘ ROCK BOTTOM ' IN QUEENS
The New York Mets have been reeling , and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out . Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21 . It began Wednesday 's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season . “ We 've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it , ” Callaway said . The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games . New York has 11 players on the disabled list , including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier , reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud .
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Andrew Miller has been cleared to start a throwing program as the Indians ' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in his right knee . Miller , who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in his knee , visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday . The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can “ begin a gradual progression back to mound activity. ” While there is no timetable for Miller to return , the fact that he does n't need surgery and can resume throwing is good news for the Indians .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Bullion van driver , police officer die in road accident
A bullion van driver and a police officer lost their lives in an accident in Jos on Wednesday , when the van collided with a truck loaded with soft drinks .
Newsmen report that three other persons , who sustained injuries , were rushed to the Bingham University Teaching Hospital , Jos .
The accident , which occurred around 5.30 pm along the Polo-Gada Biyu route , caused a heavy traffic gridlock as fear-stricken motorists and pedestrians scampered to safety with the arrival of fierce-looking security officers to guard the van .
Mr Andrew Bala , FRSC Public Education Officer , who spoke with newsmen on the incident , confirmed the death of the two people .
He also confirmed that the three injured persons had been taken to hospital .
“ FRSC personnel are already at the scene to clear the road and ease traffic flow , ” he said .
Mr Terna Tyopev , Public Relations Officer of the Plateau Command , also confirmed the accident , but said that further details were not ready .
“ I can not tell you much about the casualties because were are still gathering information , ” he said .
The post Bullion van driver , police officer die in road accident appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : yen.com.gh
2017-10-06
File photo
YEN.com.gh brings you the confession of a young man who has over the time past being sleeping with his female employer for a raise in salary and also promotion . But after careful thoughts , Kweku Botwe thinks now is the time for him to quit such an act despite fears that he might lose his job .
He started out as a common waiter in one of the pubs along the streets of Osu but Kweku Botwe just wanted to find himself that decent job that could help me not just pay his 2 years rent advance in Accra but also finish his diploma course in hospitality .
The 25-year-old man had a choice to make , either take on a double job or get a different job that twice of three times more than what he takes at Osu . But he chose none of these options , rather , decided to take advantage of his good looks and fall for the advances of his female employer .
It all happened when his employer had expressed interest in dating him even before she granted him this job as a waiter at her pub but Mr Botwe just wanted more than just the title of a waiter . He wanted to cook , be the boss of chefs with the aprons on giving all the instructions and taking home that wet salary he so yearned to have .
And so he decided to take one decision , play on the emotions of his female employer which he did – a development which led him to start a new “ working schedule ” on the bed with her .
“ Sometimes I just wo n't report at work . We will just spend time together in her room and do what adults always do . I sleep with her . Even as we speak I still do . This is what gives me food to eat , ” Mr. Botwe revealed .
According to him , his option to begin sleeping with his boss resulted in she 's not only tipping him off but also promoting him to the role of senior supervisor and subsequently senior chef of the pub .
Now Kweku Botwe takes home 2000 cedis as his monthly pay but feels he needs to put an end to this pleasure for pay business .
According to him : “ I always feel so bad whenever I engage in this act . I just do n't know what came over me especially when I now realize that my boss is a married woman . I wish I stopped this but she might fire me ” .
The confession by Botwe resonates with many employees in Ghana today who are forced to get laid under the condition of getting a job . This development is feared to not only have widened the unemployment gap but also made getting a job severely difficult .
As we speak , 48 percent of university graduates across the country are without jobs – a dire situation which has even seen government reveal that it has no space for recruitment into the public service .
Is there such a thing as too much immersion ?
A great VR experience pulls you in and keeps you totally engaged . It does n't matter if you 're battling sorcerers , diffusing bombs , operating on people , or just running a convenience store for robots . That immersed feeling is everything , and it 's never just one thing that pulls you in . A polished , natural-feeling environment coupled with some great audio can come together to build something truly special , but how much further can you go with home VR equipment ?
For some , the next step is better whole-body detection . Others want a way to feel what is happening in VR with better vibration and impact vests . Some just want to increase the sense of presence by adding smells or air movement . The truth is there is no one way to move forward , as long as the ultimate goal is to increase immersion . The folks at SubPac have been working for a long time on making it easier for you to feel sounds as though they 're coming from more than just your headphones , and it makes a surprisingly big difference in VR .
Suit up , you 're going to feel this
SubPac offers several products with the same basic goal — to really feel what you 're listening to . The SubPac M2 takes this idea and turns it into a system you wear on your back , as closely to your body as possible . The M2 design is almost like a vest , with shoulder straps and harness-like fasteners to keep the core parts of this system in place while you 're moving around . It 's not quite thin enough to want to wear everywhere , but it 's plenty comfortable enough to want to put it on before jumping into VR .
Because this system is designed to be portable , the M2 is battery powered . The battery sits inside the control panel , which can be mounted in several places on the vest depending on your needs . This panel is fairly simple — there 's an input and output for 3.5mm jacks , a power port , a power button , and an intensity knob . You connect your headphones to the output jack , connect the audio out from your VR headset to the input jack , and hit the power button to get started . SubPac claims the battery pack is designed to last for up to six hours of continuous use , but in our testing that number was closer to eight which is more than enough for a day or two of VR experiences .
By default , the intensity setting is set to 50 % on the dial . There 's even a small notch you can feel when turning the knob for that 50 % mark , so you can quickly adjust without looking . This is particularly convenient in when the control mechanism is on either of the side holsters , making it easy for you to reach and adjust without taking you all the way out of VR .
What `` feeling '' sound means in VR
By design , SubPac takes all of the incoming audio and translates all of the low frequencies into the pad on your back . When the bass kicks in , your whole torso feels it . The louder the input volume , the more intense the vibration coming from SubPac will be . It 's like standing next to a big speaker in a night club , only you control the volume and no one is spilling drinks on you .
In VR , that means you feel any kind of deep tone . If you 're playing a horror game , the door slamming in the hallway you 're standing in is translated into your torso . When you crash in a racing game , the intensity of the impact is felt through your whole body . If you 're watching 360-degree music video , you 're feeling that music course through your body in sync with the video . It 's not a directional tactile vest , where for example you 'd feel an impact on a specific part of your body when shot in a game . SubPac lets you feel the environment , and in many VR experiences that can be even more immersive .
That having been said , this is n't something you 're likely to want to wear for every single VR experience . First-person action titles in VR often lead to jumps thanks to background audio hitting the vest , which can be disorienting . This is the kind of thing you 'd want to wear when piloting a ship in Elite : Dangerous or punching music notes as they fly at you in AudioShield .
Is it worth it ?
The SubPac system is n't cheap . In fact , at $ 299 , it 's the kind of thing you 're only going to consider if the difference made in your life is significant . Adding SubPac to an HTC Vive or PlayStation VR means you 're going to want to use it a lot , which means you 're already using your VR system on a regular basis .
Feeling the audio in your body is a remarkable experience , but it 's important to know this is not the same as a tactile response vest and will not give you a greater sense of depth or direction in any VR experience . As a result , this is not the kind of thing you want on your body if most of your VR activities are first-person action . If you spend a lot of time firing arrows , swinging swords , or reloading guns in VR , this is not the setup for you .
SubPac absolutely makes a difference in how you experience most forms of virtual reality . It makes racing games more intense , silly games more interactive , and horror games with one of these speaker systems on will have you seriously questioning your life choices . If that 's the kind of immersion you want next for your VR rig , SubPac is absolutely what you want .
See at Amazon
Dads can be so embarrassing sometimes , but they can also make you feel better about your own embarrassments .
When kindergartener Valerie had an 'accident ' last week , she was embarrassed and asked to go home early . But when her dad showed up to take her home , he made her feel better by revealing a secret of his own .
My little sis had an accident today at kindergarten & this is how my dad left to pick her up so she would n't feel so sad/embarrassed 😂😂❤️ pic.twitter.com/veHMFO4QHr — Lucinda Sowards ( @ LucindaSowards ) April 14 , 2017
Before leaving the house , he splashed water on himself to make it look like he 'd had accident , as well , so she would n't feel so self conscious about it . Valerie 's older sister Lucinda told Mashable that , `` when he arrived to pick her up , he told her 'honey I need to use your backpack to cover up my accident if we are gon na get out of here . ' ''
SEE ALSO : Best father ever creates unbelievable cardboard armor for his son
Valerie , laughing , handed over her backpack and they `` snuck out '' of the school . Lucinda said that Valerie felt like she got away with it , and the stunt helped her , `` learn to laugh about it . ''
Luckily , Valerie 's accident happened at the beginning of recess , so none of the other kids noticed . With her dad making light of the situation too , there was nothing left to be embarrassed about .
Valerie 's family also fosters children regularly , Lucinda considers herself a `` foster advocate . '' In fact , the family adopted four foster children on Monday .
Based off this story , it seems safe to say they 're an ideal family to be taking in these kids , and the internet seems to agree : people on Twitter adored this story , calling him `` dad of the year . '' It 's gained more than 200k likes since being posted last week .
@ LucindaSowards @ woahkennedy That 's called being a great father . I did the same thing , before . — The MFC Truth ( @ mfc_truth ) April 15 , 2017
Others pointed out the similarity to a classic scene from Billy Madison .
Some people seemed to think it was even more embarrassing .
Based off what Lucinda had to say , as long as he 's dad of the year in their house , it was a success .
WATCH : These awkward shirt suspenders are the garter belts for dads
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Brent oil races toward $ 80 amid strong demand
Brent crude oil rose for a sixth day on Tuesday to hit its highest since November 2014 at over 75 dollars per barrel . This development is buoyed by expectations that supplies will tighten just as demand reaches record levels . Brent crude futures marked 75.27 dollars a barrel on Tuesday . Brent 's six-day rising streak is the [ … ]
The post Brent oil races toward $ 80 amid strong demand appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Roy Moore has been keeping a noticeably low profile in the weeks leading up to the Alabama Senate special election , which makes sense since he 's been accused by over a half dozen women of sexually assaulting or creeping on them when they were teenagers . So all things considered , this appearance in a video for a pro-Trump Super PAC founded by former Breitbart employees , America First Project , was perhaps not the best idea . In it , Moore is interviewed by a precociously conservative 12-year-old girl named Millie March , who asks the candidate adorable questions about whether or not he 'll support President Trump 's border wall and what the most important issues facing Alabama are .
It 's unclear what they were trying to go for with this video . Millie was apparently well known along Trump 's campaign trail , as America First Project spokesperson Jennifer Lawrence explains in the beginning of the video
“ We decided that we were going to bring Millie to Alabama , after everything that 's happened in this Alabama Senate race up until this point , ” she continued . “ We thought it was important to not only come here as a western PAC to support Judge Roy Moore , but also to bring Millie here to show that there is a wide range of people who support Judge Roy Moore. ” It 's unclear whether or not Millie is able to understand or process the full scope of what Moore has been accused of , but either way she wo n't be able to vote for six more years .
CINCINNATI — President Donald Trump heads to Ohio on Monday to make Cincinnati-area stops focusing on the new tax overhaul — though some in a state with one of the nation 's highest overdose rates would rather hear more about his plans for the drug crisis .
In Newtown , outside Cincinnati , Police Chief Tom Synan said he found Trump 's comments on opioids in his State of the Union address to be “ much of the same . There are very convincing words and there 's yet to be very convincing actions . ”
Synan , a law enforcement representative on the Cincinnati-based Hamilton County Heroin Coalition , wrote a column recently for The Cincinnati Enquirer calling for more urgency in the national response .
Trump 's declaration of a public health emergency in October , he wrote , has n't been backed by more federal funding .
“ We need that help to allow us get to the next level , ” Synan said in an interview . “ There are so many more things that could be done , so many more people we could help . ”
The White House did n't respond to a request for comment . Trump on Tuesday night had cited the deaths of 64,000 Americans from drug overdoses in 2016 , a number expected to rise in 2017 .
“ It is terrible , ” Trump said . “ We have to do something about it . ”
Trump said his administration is committed to fighting the problem and getting more treatment for those needing it . Stepped-up border security will help fight the drug influx , he said , and the nation needs to get “ much tougher ” on drug dealers to stop what he called “ this scourge . ”
The Ohio president of the Fraternal Order of Police , Jay McDonald , attended the State of the Union as a guest of Republican U.S. Sen . Rob Portman .
“ I think he hit the nail on the head about the scope of the problem , ” said McDonald , of Marion in central Ohio . “ I like the fact he said we need to be tough on traffickers and provide treatment to those addicted . ”
McDonald said he 'd like to see Trump and Ohio leaders address the “ drastic need for a proven prevention plan ” aimed at heading off youth involvement with drugs .
Hamilton County Heroin Coalition chairwoman Denise Driehaus , a Democratic county commissioner , said she would welcome a Trump visit to discuss what 's needed from the federal government for the opioid battle .
“ We 'd ask him to partner with us , ” she said . “ We 're limited by lack of resources . ”
She and Synan suggested federal , state and local authorities could co-ordinate for a “ one-stop shop ” to link drug users with treatment options , getting insurance , diversion programs and other needs . More federal funding and regulation and policy changes could expand capacity for treatment and recovery , they said .
Ohio reported 4,050 overdose deaths in 2016 , the second-highest overdose death rate after neighbouring West Virginia .
——
Follow Dan Sewell at http : //www.twitter.com/dansewell
Chamberlain , Okowa speak on federation election
A member of the newly elected board of the Nigeria Aquatic Federation , Dunkwu Nnamdi Chamberlain has announced his plan for the development of aquatic sports in his zone .
Speaking with Sports Vanguard soon after his election Tuesday , Chamberlain “ who emerged as South East representative on the board said , “ my election is a challenge to me and a call to service by my zone and Nigeria in general . ”
He promised regular zonal competitions . “ To achieve that , we have to redouble our efforts at engaging the corporate community to identify with our programmes . Only that way can we keep our athletes busy reound the clock , ” he said .
Similarly , the chairman of the Delta State Sports Commission , Tony Okowa who was also elected into the board of the Weightlifting Federation of Nigeria said his target , as a member of the board is to bring back Nigeria 's lost glory in the sport and ensure the sport observe an upward swing in the South South zone .
The post Chamberlain , Okowa speak on federation election appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After a night of 35 knots upwind the the boats now attempting to cross a ridge of high pressure and very light winds .
Wind and boatspeeds are down in the 5-knot region at 08:00 UTC . It 's been a race of extremes for the first 18 hours .
Volvo Ocean race - Leg 3 - Monday 11 December @ 10:36 UTC
1 . MAPFRE -- distance to finish -- 5564 nautical miles
2 . Team Brunel +0.7 nm
3 . Dongfeng Race Team +1 nm
4 . Sun Hung Kai/Scallywag +1.7 nm
5. team AkzoNobel +3.5 nm
6 . Vestas 11th Hour Racing +3.9 nm
7 . Turn the Tide on Plastic +6.3 nm
Kevin Escoffier happy with the trim - Click image for a larger image
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
11 December 2017 10:35 GMT
A case of carbon monoxide exposure at a Delta , B.C . greenhouse on Saturday affected roughly 40 people . At least 50 people in Canada die of carbon monoxide poisoning every year but there is no national database , Pierre Voisine , a director with the Canadian Association of Fire Chiefs said earlier this year . Here are some incidents that occurred in Canada in recent years :
Nov. 1 , 2017 : Investigators blamed a lack of boiler maintenance and a deteriorated chimney for a buildup of carbon monoxide gas in a Saskatoon apartment block where a 41-year-old woman was found dead . Fire officials said there was a leak that allowed the gas to escape from the exhaust system and build up in the block 's interior .
Oct. 1 , 2017 : Carbon monoxide poisoning was suspected in the deaths of a man and woman in their 80s whose bodies were found in a west-end Toronto home . Fire officials said high levels of the deadly gas were detected in the residence .
May 3 , 2017 : Two people were taken to hospital and 26 others were treated on scene after a carbon monoxide leak at a Saskatoon food manufacturing and labelling plant . It was determined a propane-fuelled forklift was the origin of the carbon monoxide .
March 24 , 2017 : Four people in a home near Ashcroft , B.C . died of carbon monoxide poisoning . RCMP officers who were responding to a request for a check on the home found four bodies inside .
Dec. 11 , 2016 : A person who died after he was found unresponsive from an apparent heart attack at a Winnipeg business was actually the victim of carbon monoxide . The fire commissioner said a preliminary investigation found a vent cover on the building 's chimney had collapsed , preventing it from venting properly . The same business was evacuated the next day when up to 20 people started feeling sick .
May 2014 : A member of a work crew employed by a Toronto-based property maintenance business died from exposure to carbon monoxide exposure in a condominium parking garage . Court heard that six workers were using gasoline-powered washers to power-wash the garage when the internal exhaust fans in the garage stopped working . Portable fans were brought in but the workers were still exposed to carbon monoxide gas . Ground Maintenance Cleaning Contractors pleaded guilty to a charge under the Occupational Health and Safety Act and was fined $ 75,000 .
Dec. 1 , 2008 : Former provincial police officer Laurie Hawkins , her husband Richard and both their children died from carbon monoxide that seeped into in their home in Woodstock , ON , which did n't have a CO detector . The Hawkins Gignac Act , passed by the Ontario legislature in 2013 , made carbon monoxide alarms mandatory in all Ontario homes .
Naira up to N360/ $ as CBN injects $ 210m
By Adaeze Okechukwu
The Naira yesterday appreciated for the first time this week by 54 kobos to N360 per dollar in the Investors and Exporters ( I & E ) window , even as the Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) injected $ 210 million into the foreign exchange market .
Confirming the figures , Acting Director , Corporate Communications Department at the CBN , Mr. Isaac Okorafor , said that the Wholesale sector of the market got another injection of $ 100 million , just as the Small and Medium Enterprises ( SMEs ) and invisibles sectors each received $ 55 million .
Data from the Financial Market Dealers Quote ( FMDQ ) showed that the indicative exchange rate for the I & E window dropped to N360 per dollar yesterday , from N360.54 per dollar on Monday , indicating 54 kobo appreciation in the naira .
The depreciation was in spite of 0.6 percent increase in the I & E window turnover yesterday . The transactions in the window stood at $ 218.25 million , up from $ 217.16 million recorded on Monday .
Meanwhile , naira remained stable at N363 per dollar yesterday for the ninth consecutive business day in the parallel market .
The post Naira up to N360/ $ as CBN injects $ 210m appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TOKYO ( AP ) — The men 's and women 's marathon for Tokyo 's Olympics in 2020 will start and finish in the new Olympic stadium , which organizers say last happened in the Atlanta Olympics in 1996 .
The organizing committee announced the course layout on Thursday . It 's a flat route with an uphill finish leading to the new stadium that is still under construction .
Organizers said the original bid had the marathon scheduled to start at 7:30 am to avoid Tokyo 's summer heat and humidity . Tokyo spokesman Masa Takaya said a confirmed starting time was expected to be announced in July at a meeting of the International Olympic Committee 's executive board .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
`` So I went back and made sure we had four premium players we liked when we made the trade . Now , as we 've continued to study , we 've identified a couple more premium players . So if we move back , we 've still got to be able to get one of those premium players . ''
Ballard said the Colts have eight non-quarterbacks defined as `` premium players . ''
But what they need most is to start hitting on their picks .
Off-season CHANGES
Indy added tight end Eric Ebron , a first-round pick in 2014 , veteran offensive lineman Matt Slauson and promising players such as defensive end Denico Autry , linebacker Najee Goode and receiver Ryan Grant in free agency .
Their biggest acquisition , though , might be new coach Frank Reich . He took over in February after Josh McDaniels backed out of a deal following the Super Bowl .
Reich has promised to bring a fun , creative offence that relies heavily on tight ends — news that should make Ebron happy .
NEW Defence
Defensive co-ordinator Matt Eberflus , who was initially hired by McDaniels , will switch to the traditional 4-3 front .
Ballard believes some of the players who can help are already on the roster .
John Simon will move from linebacker to defensive end , where he played at Ohio State . Edge rusher Terrell Basham , who played linebacker last season , also may be headed back to his old college spot on the defensive line . And Jabaal Sheard could be the biggest beneficiary by moving back to defensive end where he had his greatest NFL success .
`` I think Jabaal Sheard will take off in this defence , '' Ballard said .
FILLING HOLES
Indy has needs everywhere : Pass rusher , offensive line , cornerback , linebacker , running back and receiver .
So the list of possible first-round picks is long and wide . Some of the names tagged to the Colts include defensive end Bradley Chubb , running back Saquon Barkley , guard Quenton Nelson , linebackers Roquan Smith and Tremaine Edmunds among others .
HITS , MISSES AND BARGAINS
Indy is rebuilding because it 's made too many poor picks over the past five years .
The Colts ' top pick in 2013 , pass rusher Bjoern Werner , is out of the league . So is Trent Richardson , whom they got in a trade for the 2014 first-round pick . And receiver Phillip Dorsett , Indy 's No . 1 pick in 2015 , was traded to New England in September .
But Indy 's past two first-round picks — centre Ryan Kelly and safety Malik Hooker — have both shown promise when they 've stayed healthy .
Their best bargains have been defensive to end Henry Anderson and safety Clayton Geathers , mid-round picks in 2015 .
___
More AP NFL : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Michael Marot , The Associated Press
CAIN ALTO , Puerto Rico — After months of darkness and stifling heat , Noe Pagan was overjoyed when power-line workers arrived to restore electricity to his home deep in the lush green mountains of western Puerto Rico . But to his dismay , instead of raising a power pole toppled by Hurricane Maria , the federal contractors bolted the new 220-volt line to the narrow trunk of a breadfruit tree — a safety code violation virtually guaranteed to leave Pagan and his neighbours blacked out in a future hurricane .
“ I asked the contractors if they were going to connect the cable to the post and they just did n't answer , ” said Pagan , a 23-year-old garage worker .
After an eight-month , $ 3.8 billion federal effort to try to end the longest blackout in United States history , officials say Puerto Rico 's public electrical authority , the nation 's largest , is almost certain to collapse again when the next hurricane hits this island of 3.3 million people .
“ It 's a highly fragile and vulnerable system that really could suffer worse damage than it suffered with Maria in the face of another natural catastrophe , ” Puerto Rican Gov . Ricardo Rossello said .
Another weather disaster is increasingly likely as warmer seas turbocharge the strongest hurricanes into even more powerful and wetter storms . Federal forecasters say there 's a 75 per cent likelihood that the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season , which begins Friday , will produce between five and nine hurricanes . And there 's a 70 per cent chance that as many as four of those could be major Category 3 , 4 , or 5 hurricanes , with winds of 111 mph ( 179 kph ) or higher .
“ It 's inevitable that Puerto Rico will get hit again , ” said Assistant Secretary Bruce Walker , head of the U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Electricity , which is planning the long-term redesign of the grid run by the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority .
Despite the billions plowed into the grid since Maria hit on Sept. 20 , 2017 , Puerto Rican officials warn that it could take far less than a Category 4 storm like Maria to cause a blackout like the one that persists today , with some 11,820 homes and businesses still without power .
“ The grid is there , but the grid is n't there . It 's teetering , ” said Hector Pesquera , Puerto Rico 's commissioner of public safety . “ Even if it 's a ( Category ) 1 , it is in such a state that I think we 're going to lose power . I do n't know for how long . ”
Federal officials and Puerto Rican leaders blame decades of mismanagement that left the island 's power authority more than $ 9 billion in debt after declaring bankruptcy last year . Expensive projects were launched then cancelled . Politicians approved cheap power for well-connected corporations . By the time Maria hit , wooden power poles were rotted , transmission towers had rusted through and overgrown trees menaced thousands of miles of power lines .
In many places across Puerto Rico , federal emergency funds allocated in the aftermath of the disaster made up for years of neglected maintenance , replacing decaying infrastructure with tens of thousands of new poles and hundreds of miles of power lines rushed from the U.S. mainland at a steep premium .
But in other areas , crews without adequate supplies patched together damaged poles and power lines in a desperate push to restore power . In the western highlands , power cables were spliced together and woven haphazardly through trees in blatant violation of basic safety codes . In Pagan 's town of Cain Alto and at least one other location , trees were used as makeshift power poles in the absence of proper equipment .
“ We patched things up . We worked with the little material that was available and we recycled material . We took the 1,000 feet of wire that was on the ground and we strung it up in another area , ” one power authority worker said , speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation from management . “ We took the post that had fallen over or broken and we put it up somewhere else . A lot of the work is defective . ”
Fredyson Martinez , vice-president of the power authority workers ' union , said he estimates that roughly 10 per cent to 15 per cent of the repair work done over the last eight months did not meet basic quality standards .
“ The logistics were terrible . I give it an F , ” he said . “ Things need to be fixed . ”
Federal and Puerto Rican officials are preparing for another catastrophe that cuts power for weeks or month . The Federal Emergency Management Agency is leaving some 600 generators installed in key sites such as hospitals and water pumping stations , more than six times the number before Maria . FEMA has stockpiled 5.4 million litres of water and more than 80,000 tarps , and is distributing them and other emergency supplies to towns across the island so they will be in place for the next disaster .
Still , few people believe the island is truly ready .
“ If a hurricane comes tomorrow it will leave the island completely without power again , ” said Juan Rosario , a community activist and former member of the power authority 's board of directors .
Up to 4,645 more deaths than usual occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Maria , contends a new study published this week by the New England Journal of Medicine , an estimate that far exceeds the official government death toll of 64 .
Officials now are warning Puerto Ricans to stockpile enough emergency supplies to survive as long as 10 days without help . Tens of thousands of homes still do n't have roofs . FEMA distributed 59,000 enormous plastic sheets to homeowners who lost their roofs in Irma or Maria . More than 100,000 more received smaller tarps to protect specific rooms or belongings . Only 21,000 households have received federal aid to carry out permanent repairs .
Juana Sostre Vasquez 's wooden house in the central highlands was ripped off its foundation by Maria . With the help of a son-in-law , the 69-year-old rebuilt , using cinderblocks and cement bought with $ 14,000 in FEMA reconstruction aid . Her roof is metal sheeting nailed onto wooden two-by-fours because she could n't afford to build stronger . She says she 's hopeful the next hurricane wo n't send that sheeting flying .
“ The money did n't let us do the roof , ” she said . “ I 'm doing it little by little as I save a couple of dollars . ”
Mike Byrne , the head of FEMA 's Caribbean office , says he expects the federal government will eventually have spent a total of $ 17.5 billion in emergency funds on fixing the hurricane damage and making Puerto Rico 's grid more resilient to future storms .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ended its power restoration work in May , so future funding is expected to pass through Puerto Rico 's bankrupt power company . After receiving $ 945 million in federal funds for repairs to the island 's electric grid , Oklahoma-based Mammoth Energy Services announced Monday that the power authority had awarded its subsidiary , Cobra Energy , another $ 900 million to finish the job and begin fortifying the grid against future storms .
Last week , Cobra 's crews were working to rebuild one of a pair of 230-kilo-volt transmission lines climbing from Puerto Rico 's main power plants on its southern coast across high mountains to the main users of energy in the capital , San Juan , and other industrial sites and population centres in the north . Because of a decision years ago to stretch the island 's main transmission lines through a narrow path across the rugged mountains , one of the transmission lines must be turned off so its powerful current does n't energize equipment and workers labouring a few feet away .
Cobra transmission director Alan Edwards had more than 50 linemen working on the repair , at nearly $ 4,000 per worker per day in federal funds from the Puerto Rico power authority , when he got the call to stop . A flaw was causing a transmission line to overheat dangerously elsewhere in the system , so the line alongside where Edwards ' men were working would have to be returned to service , forcing the crews to stop for at least the rest of the day .
“ Maybe we 're back at it tomorrow , I do n't know . May be next week before we can get back out there , ” Edwards said .
The already staggering reconstruction costs will rise by billions more if another hurricane hits . And many billions worth of those federally funded improvements could eventually pass into private hands : Puerto Rico 's Senate could approve the sale of much of the island 's power grid to a private power company or companies as early as this week .
The potential sale wo n't affect the federal government 's decision to spend billions of dollars on repairing and improving the grid , said Byrne , the head of FEMA 's operations in the Caribbean .
“ I ca n't wait , because these are U.S. citizens that are at risk . U.S. citizens deserve every ounce of effort that I can bring to this , and that 's what they 're going to get , ” Byrne said .
——–
Michael Weissenstein on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/mweissenstein
Dino Melaye : Nigeria Police explains how Senator attempted to escape
Force Headquarters has come up with details on the circumstances leading to Tuesday 's escape of Senator Dino Melaye . Melaye jumped down from the vehicle conveying him to Lokoja , Kogi State for possible parade and subsequent arraignment in court . Force Public Relations Officer , Jimoh Moshood , spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria , NAN at the premises [ … ]
Dino Melaye : Nigeria Police explains how Senator attempted to escape
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WARSAW , Poland — German Chancellor Angela Merkel is in Poland for top-level talks that will focus on the European Union 's future and security , and on bilateral issues between the neighbouring countries .
Merkel was greeted Monday by Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki before going into talks on the EU 's post-Brexit future , the bloc 's budget , ways of solving the migration crisis and Poland 's refusal to accept migrants under an EU plan .
They will also discuss the EU 's energy security and Poland 's opposition to a planned Russia-to-Germany gas pipeline , as well as Europe 's strained relations with Moscow .
Merkel will also meet with President Andrzej Duda .
She is making her second foreign trip , after visiting Paris , since she was sworn in for a fourth term last week .
Germany 's new foreign minister visited Warsaw on Friday .
LONDON — British Prime Minister Theresa May says there is a new sense of optimism in the talks to secure Britain 's departure from the European Union .
May is set to address the House of Commons on Monday , updating lawmakers on the negotiations just days after hammering out a deal with the EU on the so-called divorce issues , including the Irish border and Britain 's financial obligations . Brexit talks are now expected to move onto trade and security co-operation .
But Britain 's argument that nothing is settled until all is agreed upon is causing unease among other countries involved in the decision . Irish officials have rejected assertions that the deal is merely a “ statement of intent ” rather than legally binding .
The Irish government branded the view “ bizarre ” and insisted that an agreement is binding .
The first one deserved a sequel , which Cleveland won in the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history to even things up with Golden State .
Then with Kevin Durant joining Stephen Curry on one side and LeBron James leading the other , the Warriors and Cavaliers sent interest soaring as they rampaged toward the tiebreaker last season .
But the rubber match was a mismatch , and the Warriors are expected to win just as easily this time .
So as Round 4 of the record-setting rivalry begins Thursday night , has Warriors-Cavaliers become too much of a good thing ?
“ I do n't think so , ” Golden State guard Klay Thompson said . “ I think the rest of the NBA has got to get better . It 's not our fault . I 'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors and the Cavs around the world , whether it 's in the Bay Area or in Cleveland , I 'm sure they 're happy with their team performance . The only people I hear saying that are fans from other teams , which is natural . I do n't blame them . But as long as our fan base is happy , that 's all that matters . ”
It 's the first time in NBA , NFL , MLB or NHL history that the same teams are meeting four straight times in the championship round , and intrigue in the teams has n't waned yet . The NBA had its most-watched conference finals since 2012 , as both teams had to rally from 3-2 deficits to win Game 7s on the road .
But if this series quickly becomes as lopsided as some fear — ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said he could n't remember a bigger gap between finals teams and said any game the Cavs win is a huge upset — many of those people who have tuned in the last few years might be looking for something else to watch by the time the series switches to Cleveland .
“ If James and the Cavaliers win Game 1 , you know , the interest is going to skyrocket because they are going to have done what very few — except for them maybe — think they can do , which is won at Golden State , ” Van Gundy said . “ If they get blown out both games , it does n't matter what we say . People are n't going to be as excited . ”
The players wo n't apologize for showing up again , or worry that it hurts the NBA .
“ I mean , it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled , ” Durant said , “ but that 's what you 've got movies and music for . ”
Some things to watch when the series begins at Oracle Arena :
BE LIKE MIKE
If the Warriors win , it would be their sixth NBA championship and tie them for third on the all-time list with the Chicago Bulls , who won all theirs with Michael Jordan . Then it would be a long way to go from there to catch Boston ( 18 ) or the Lakers ( 17 ) .
MOVING ON UP
James could vault into second place on the NBA Finals ' career lists for points and assists . He has 1,247 points and needs 71 to pass Kareem Abdul-Jabbar ( 1,317 ) and move behind only Jerry West ( 1,679 ) . His 339 assists are 61 behind Bob Cousy ( 400 ) . Magic Johnson had 584 .
SCORING STARS
While matching up on the court , James and Durant could flip-flop on the career post-season scoring list . James currently has a slight edge , with his 28.83 points per game placing him fourth and slightly ahead of Durant , who has averaged 28.75 . Durant has been even better in the NBA Finals , with his 32.9 points per game ranking last year 's finals MVP behind only Rick Barry ( 36.3 ) and Jordan ( 33.6 ) among players who have appeared in at least 10 games .
DOING IT WITH Defence
The much-maligned Cavaliers ' defence has shown up in the post-season , where Cleveland is allowing just 99.9 points per game , second among the 16 teams . The Cavs held Boston under 100 points in four of the final five games of the East finals . More impressively , Golden State kept high-scoring Houston under 100 in five straight games and is right behind Cleveland at 100.3 in the playoffs .
NEW-LOOK LOGO
Viewers will notice something new on the court during the series . The familiar NBA Finals logo has been replaced and the floor will now be marked with one that reads “ The Finals presented by YouTube TV . ”
——
Follow Brian Mahoney on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/Briancmahoney
——
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Residents in a Sunderland street say they are being inundated with rats .
Homeowners in the Southwick area say they can hear the rats running about under floorboards , in cavity walls and in their roof spaces .
Grace Smart , John Burnikell and Barry Rayne are unhappy with a rat problem in Southwick
People living in Trinity Street say the problem is getting out of hand and believe the vermin are being displaced by the work on the new Wear Crossing and are attracted to their area due to the huge amounts of rubbish being fly-tipped on the site of the former Southwick Primary School .
Council chiefs say they are looking at bringing in tougher penalties for fly-tippers in the new year .
John Burnikell , 67 , said : “ We are being plagued by them . Around 4am you can hear them running around under the floorboards and scratching .
“ I have caught two or three in traps . ”
Around 4am you can hear them running around under the floorboards John Burnikell
The pensioner said the problem has been going on for weeks and lots of people in his and the surrounding streets have seen the rats .
Grace Smart , 70 , who has lived in her house for 26 years , said she has never known anything like it .
She said : “ We have had mice before , but you can deal with them , this is something else altogether . I have had them in my kitchen .
“ I phoned the council before Christmas and they said someone would get back to me , but I have n't heard anything . ”
Southwick resident John Burnikell
Barry Rayne , 60 , who also lives in the same street , said : “ Between 4am and 4.30am you can hear them running about next to the heating pipes . I 've seen lots of rat droppings as well .
“ It is not just our street , lots of other people in the area have seen them . ”
One neighbour , who did n't want to be named , said it is also costing homeowners a fortune in specialised traps and poison to kill the rats .
She added : “ My 11-year-old daughter is terrified , I had to take her to my mam 's house one night because she could n't sleep .
Rat infestation around Southwick 's Trinity Street .
“ We have caught two of them in traps in the loft .
“ The rubbish in the area is just disgusting , we should n't have to live like this . You often see dead rats on the pavement . ”
Councillor Michael Mordey , Portfolio Holder for City Services , Sunderland City Council , said : “ Frankly , the behaviour of some people who dump rubbish in our communities is simply disgusting .
“ I 'll never understand why these people think it is perfectly fine for them to dump their rubbish where they like , and expect other people to pay for its clean-up . It 's not on and it has to stop .
“ That is why the council is looking at introducing stricter penalties for fly-tippers early in the New Year .
“ People have to realise that their actions have consequences . The majority of residents dispose of their rubbish correctly and are like me disgusted at the idle and idiotic behaviour that causes problems like this . ”
Rat infestation around Southwick 's Trinity Street .
Members of the public can report incidents and the council also has a pest control service that can be contacted on 0191 520 5550 or www.sunderland.gov.uk .
US Rapper Meek Mill Has Been Released From Prison
After spending nearly five months incarcerated after a controversial ruling , prominent US rapper , who received a sentence of two to four years in prison for violating probation , has been released from prison , according to Billboard .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Monday ordered an immediate release for Mill , and directed the judge to release him on “ unsecured bail . ”
“ I 'd like to thank God , my family , my friends , my attorneys , my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z , Desiree Perez , my good friend Michael Rubin , my fans . “ The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time , ” Meek said in a statement released to Billboard . “ While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . “ To the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice — not only for my case , but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct , ” he said . Mill said further , “ Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues .
Mill received a two-to-four year prison sentence in November for violating probation on a 2008 gun and drug case .
I 'd like to thank God , my family , and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time . While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
To the Philly District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice . I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
He was arrested in 2017 after being involved in a fight and arrested again later for popping wheelies on a dirt bike .
Judge Genece Brinkley cited a failed drug test and the rapper 's noncompliance with a court order restricting his travel in her sentencing order .
The post US Rapper Meek Mill Has Been Released From Prison appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EMBED > More News Videos 15-year-old viciously murdered at Bronx bodega ( 1 of 3 ) Commissioner James O'Neill said he does not see any wrongdoing by two officers
EMBED > More News Videos Joe Torres reports on the funeral services for Bronx teen Lesandro Guzman-Feliz .
EMBED > More News Videos Josh Einiger reports on the latest arrests in the murder of a Bronx teen .
EMBED > More News Videos 15-year-old viciously murdered at Bronx bodega ( 1 of 3 ) Commissioner James O'Neill said he does not see any wrongdoing by two officers
Police arrested two more suspects Tuesday in the deadly machete stabbing of an innocent teenager in the Bronx , bringing the total to ten.29-year-old Diego Suero of the Bronx , was charged with murder , manslaughter , gang assault , conspiracy , and criminal possession of a weapon in connection with the death of Lesandro Guzman-Feliz , affectionately known as Junior.Suero is also believed to be a member of the Trinitarios gang , The 10th suspect was arrested Tuesday night . 26-year-old Gabriel Ramirez Concepcion is charged with murder , manslaughter , gang assault and criminal possession of a weapon.The attack happened outside a bodega on East 183rd Street and Bathgate Avenue in the Tremont section just after 11:30 p.m. on June 20 , in what authorities believe was a case of mistaken identity that left the entire community outraged.Guzman-Feliz was dragged outside and slashed and stabbed with a machete after police say the group of gang members mistook him for a rival . The teen , who had hopes of becoming an NYPD detective , tried to run to St. Barnabas Hospital a block away but collapsed on the sidewalk.Seven of the other eight suspects appeared in court Monday . Here are the identities of each suspect and the charges they are facing : -- Kevin Alvarez , 19 : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault -- Jose Muniz , 21 , of Paterson : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Jose Taverez , 21 , of the Bronx : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Manuel Rivera , 18 , of the Bronx : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon , and criminal possession of a weapon -- Daniel Fernandez , 21 , of the Bronx : Second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Jonaiki Martinez-Estrella , 24 , of Freeport : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Antonio Santiago-Hernandez , 24 , of the Bronx : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter , gang assault and assault with intent to cause serious injury with a weapon -- Elvin Garcia , 23 : First- and second-degree murder , manslaughter and criminal possession of weaponSources tell Eyewitness News that three of the eight men already charged in the murder have been placed in isolation at Rikers Island to protect them from the other inmates.Authorities identified Martinez-Estrella , who has a prior arrest for robbing and beating a 14-year-old with a golf club in 2016 , as the one who sliced the victim 's neck . `` This investigation is not over , '' NYPD Chief of Detectives Dermot Shea said . `` The brutal nature of this crime , we will leave literally no stone unturned . `` Authorities say the men are all members of the Trinitarios gang , which is also believed to be involved in the stabbing of a 14-year-old on the Bronx River Parkway last month.The NYPD is now cracking down on that gang `` Pick up a gun , pick up a machete , rob an elderly victim walking home from the train is a one-way ticket to prison , '' Shea said.The NYPD said they added extra staff to the CrimeStoppers tip line because they received a `` torrent of tips '' related to the case . The public is urged to continue to provide information , and anyone with information should call 1800-577-TIPS .
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud .
Harold Backer pleaded guilty today in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $ 5,000 .
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $ 5,000 and pleaded not guilty on both counts .
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the 55-year-old former investment dealer three years of probation .
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3 , 2015 , when he failed to return home after telling his family he was going out for a bike ride .
He surrendered to police in April 2017 and his whereabouts while he was missing have n't been explained .
The family of young battler Bradley Lowery has launched an appeal for smiles from people touched by cancer .
They are looking for video clips to show how the cruel disease affects all ages and how strong these people are , which will be pulled together into a video .
The appeal coincides with the announcement that Hartlepool sister act Olivia Crawford and Georgia Fletcher aka Liv'n ' G are to release a cover of Charlie Chaplin 's 'Smile ' in aid of Bradley .
A post on the Bradley Lowery 's Fight Against Neuroblastoma Facebook page read : `` We are looking for clips of families , young people , anyone who has been touched by cancer .
`` We want to show how all ages can be affected , and how strong these people are , smiling through the pain .
`` They can be taken on a phone ( landscape if possible ) and sent to smileforbradley @ gmail.com
`` We want to put as many clips into the video as we can . ''
The post added : `` Bradley Lowery and his family have touched the hearts of the nation and the world , he has made us aware of the awful disease cancer and its effects , on him and his family .
`` Yet through all of his treatment , all of his pain , he has shown the world such strength , and hope , in a time when the world needs hope ; with something as simple as a smile .
`` It is so fitting that recently Bourne Music Co , based in New York gave us the rights to record and release the fantastic Charlie Chaplin song ‘ Smile ' ; the lyrics added in 1954 by John Turner and Geoffrey Parsons giving it a sense of ‘ melancholy and optimism ' making it the song that everyone knows today .
`` A firm favourite with Michael Jackson , Elvis Presley , Nat King Cole , Barbara Streisand , Josh Groban , it has been recorded by a plethora of huge artists .
`` Liv'n ' G are releasing the song in aid of every person fighting , surviving , and with the heart and strength to smile , on June 23 and for pre-order June 16 .
`` It would be amazing to get clips of you guys from around the world smiling , just take it on a phone ( landscape / sideways ) and send the clip to us at smileforbradley @ gmail.com . In the email please let us know your name , age and where you are in the world , and also add that you allow us to use the clip in the video . ''
His partner , Mark Jackson , has been around the league since 1987 and took his time before weighing in on Cleveland 's chances with “ I 'm not going to say zero percent chance . ”
On paper , it 's hard to make a case for Cleveland . Many have suggested that this is the worst supporting cast James has had in any of his nine career appearances in the finals : Jeff Green , a player almost synonymous with failing to meet expectations , was the second-best player in Cleveland 's upset of the Boston Celtics in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals . The Warriors , should Andre Iguodala be healthy , can run out a starting lineup of five players who appear destined for eventual enshrinement in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame .
But once you accept that Golden State has the advantage in stars , home court and , after last year 's trouncing , psychology , looking for a path to victory for the Cavaliers can provide some fun and maybe some hope for Cleveland fans , who are more than happy to point out that the 73-win Warriors blew a 3-1 lead to the Cavaliers in the finals in 2016 .
The first thing Cleveland will have to do is build up a huge lead in the first half — huge . Since the Warriors have had a tendency to lazily plod their way through the beginning of games , developing no rhythm on either side of the court , committing horrendous turnovers and settling for shots that qualify as bad even for their expert shooters , there is an opportunity to capitalize with aggressive play . If Cleveland can control the offensive glass — something Tristan Thompson has shown he can easily do against the smaller Warriors players — and the veteran-laden Cavaliers can bully Golden State on the other end of the court with physical play , they could force the Warriors out of their team-first philosophy . The Rockets showed that this strategy could regularly result in a double-digit lead at halftime .
The trick , though , is for the Cavaliers not to let an early lead convince them of anything , and not to fall into the trap of trying to match the Warriors shot-for-shot once the third quarter rolls around .
Golden State has outscored its opponents by a ridiculous 130 points in the third quarter in these playoffs — an average of 7.6 points a game — and was even better against the Houston Rockets , with a 67-point advantage over seven games . Coach Steve Kerr 's halftime adjustments often resulted in the offense running heavily through Curry , rather than Durant , and the points came in incredible bunches once Curry started having fun . A common response to this scenario is to try to match Curry and Durant 3-pointer for 3-pointer while playing at a breakneck pace , rather than just plugging away with higher-percentage shots and letting their halftime lead do some of the heavy lifting . Cleveland ca n't fall into that trap .
The Warriors are far more vulnerable in the fourth quarter , so if the game is close in the final 12 minutes , there is hope for an upset .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Entertainment of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : Ghanaweb
2017-01-02
Shatta Wale
Shatta Wale has thrown a word of advice to his fans on Twitter where he cautions them to do away with bad friends in order to see progress in their lives .
According to him , associating with bad friends takes away a person 's shine and until such people are completely ‘ weeded ' out of a person 's live , one will not see change and progress .
He said :
“ Delete those bad friends and see the changes that will occur in your life .. They are the ones stopping your shine trust me ”
A top Federal Reserve official suggested Monday that the Fed will likely announce next month that it will begin paring its bond portfolio — a step that could lead to slightly higher rates on mortgages and other loans .
In an interview with The Associated Press , William Dudley , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , said he thinks the Fed has adequately prepared investors for a reduction in the portfolio , which swelled after the 2008 financial crisis as the Fed bought bonds to reduce long-term rates . With the economy now much healthier , the Fed is ready to begin selling some of those bonds .
Dudley also said that he would favor a third increase this year in the Fed 's benchmark short-term rate if the economy remained strong . Many investors expect a modest rate hike in December , to follow the Fed 's previous increases in March and June this year .
Speaking of the Fed 's likely September announcement that it will begin shrinking its $ 4.5 trillion bond portfolio , Dudley expressed confidence that investors would react calmly to the prospect of modestly higher rates on some consumer and business loans . He noted that the Fed spelled out to investors months ago the system it plans to use to reduce the portfolio gradually .
`` The plan is out there , '' he said during an interview at the New York Fed . `` It 's been generally well-received and fully anticipated . People expect it to take place . ''
As president of the Fed 's New York regional bank , Dudley is an influential voice on interest-rate policy . He is vice chairman of the central bank 's policy panel that sets interest rates and is a longtime close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen .
His interview with the AP comes at a time when the Fed has essentially met one of its two mandates : To maximize employment . The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low of 4.3 percent , and job growth remains consistently solid .
Yet the Fed has so far failed to meet its second objective of keeping prices stable . Inflation has stayed chronically below the Fed 's 2 percent target rate — a problem because consumers often delay purchases when they think prices will stay the same or even decline . In its latest reading , the Fed 's preferred inflation gauge was just 1.4 percent year over year . Dudley said Monday that he still thinks inflation will rise toward the Fed 's target level as the job market strengthens further and sluggish wage growth begins to pick up .
On other topics , Dudley :
— Suggested that Gary Cohn , who leads President Donald Trump 's National Economic Council and is close to Trump , would be a `` reasonable candidate '' to succeed Yellen as Fed chair if Trump chooses not to re-nominate Yellen when her term ends early next year . Dudley , who worked with Cohn as top officials at Goldman Sachs , said Cohn `` knows a lot about financial markets , '' and `` I do n't think you have to have a Ph.D. in economics '' to lead the Fed . In a recent interview , Trump said he was considering both Yellen and Cohn for the top Fed job , along with some other candidates he would not name .
— Expressed confidence that the Fed 's political independence , long considered essential for it to carry out its functions , would remain respected during a Trump presidency . Trump may have the opportunity to install up to five members of the Fed 's seven-member board over the next year , and the president has shown a tendency to expect loyalty from some people he has named to key positions . Trump had offered a harsh judgment of the Fed and of Yellen during the presidential campaign but has since avoided making critical comments . Dudley noted that the Trump administration has so far been `` very hands-off '' toward the Fed , `` very respectful of monetary policy . ''
— Said that even as stock prices set record highs and other assets surge as well , he is n't concerned that any potentially devastating asset bubbles might be forming , akin to the subprime mortgage bubble that triggered the 2008 crisis . Dudley said asset prices `` are pretty consistent with what we are seeing in terms of the actual performance of the economy , '' which he said has been evolving without much volatility .
The Fed 's announcement that it will start paring its bond portfolio is expected to come after its next policy meeting ends Sept. 20 . The meeting after that , in December , is when many Fed watchers expect the next increase in its key short-term rate , which remains in a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent .
Yellen and other Fed officials have attributed the persistently low inflation rate , which slowed further in recent months , to such transitory events as a sharp drop in cellphone fees .
Dudley said that if the economy evolves during the rest of 2017 as he expects , with inflation rebounding , `` I would be in favor of doing another rate hike later this year . ''
PARIS ( AP ) — French care workers are protesting at nursing homes around the country in anger over staff shortages and cost cuts .
Unions say workers are under increasing pressure to cut corners on feeding , cleaning and hygiene care for elderly residents . Seven unions called on care workers , nursing home residents and frustrated families to protest Tuesday at 7,000 facilities around France .
Accusing the government of `` abandoning the aged , '' the unions are also rallying in front of the Health Ministry in Paris to demand more staff and protest a government reform of elderly care .
The workers have long complained about conditions at semi-public nursing homes , and sent a letter in October to President Emmanuel Macron warning of an `` explosive situation . ''
The government has argued that the reform will improve and streamline care for the elderly .
Daniel Ademinokan says he does n't deserve Stella Damasus as a wife
Stella Damasus is 40 today and her current husband , Daniel Ademinokan has penned down a message in her honour .
In the message , he said he does n't deserve Stella as a wife .
40 has never looked this good ! Gosh ! Babe , I do n't know what I 've done to deserve you as my wife but I 'm grateful you said YES to me . The door to your glory days has just been swung open . Step in with confidence and claim your blessings , claim your glory and possess your possessions . Behold , God has set before you nations , kings and rulers who will seek your counsel for wisdom and direction . As you have found your purpose @ stelladamasus May you cotinue to walk in God 's light . Happy Birthday boo . # SDat40 # StellaDamasusIs40 # StellaDamasus
Photography by : @ izzybelleimages
Styled by : @ rumeh_ejoor
Recall that Stella had released photos of herself earlier today .
Once again , see them below :
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Daniel Ademinokan says he does n't deserve Stella Damasus as a wife appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops . Donate to order this gift now !
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel , with a foreword by Judith Butler . Donate to order this gift now !
Wild bees , such as bumblebees , do n't get as much love as honeybees , but they should . They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits , vegetables and wildflowers , and compared to managed colonies of honeybees , they 're in much greater jeopardy .
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids . What they found is n't pretty .
Neonics , as they 're often called , are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country , including corn , soybeans and canola . These pesticides are `` systemic '' — they move throughout the growing plants . Traces of them end up in pollen , which bees consume . Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams .
The scientists , based at Royal Holloway University of London , set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens . They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam , and the amount of the pesticide , they say , was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to .
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs , compared to queens that were n't exposed to the pesticide . The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution .
`` Without the queen laying eggs , there is no colony , '' says Nigel Raine , one of the scientists who conducted the experiment . Raine helped start the experiment , but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada .
According to Raine and his colleagues , the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out .
`` To me , based on the data we have , it seems like quite a big impact , '' Raine says .
But he says scientists do n't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild , compared to other perils the bees face , such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food . `` I do n't think we have a really good handle on how important , say , nutrition limitation is — if they ca n't find the right flowers . Or parasite loads . I 'd say [ neonic exposure ] is important and significant , but other factors may be important and significant , too , '' he says .
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides . The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013 , and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent . Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions . They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds .
Wts/wtt norma 300 wm I have 4 25 ct. boxes of new Norma 300 WM brass 125.00 shipped PAYPAL gift or USPS money order . OR would trade for same amount of 28 Nosler brass .
Also have a box OF 30 cal 210 VLD BULLETS 35.00 SHIPPED or trade for some 7mm Berger 195 or 175 ABLR for testing Thanks Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
All Thangs Wild Taxidermy __________________All Thangs Wild Taxidermy
Attorney General notes several cases in which police found no reason to open an investigation against Netanyahu .
Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit on Monday evening released a statement with regards to the questioning of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
The statement was released shortly after Netanyahu 's questioning by investigators from the National Fraud Unit concluded after three hours .
In the statement , Mandelblit officially declared that the probe against Netanyahu has turned into an official questioning , but did not provide new details about the allegations or actions attributed to Netanyahu .
`` The claims that led at the end of the day to the decision to question [ the Prime Minister ] under caution , came up during the probe and , since then , the Israel Police have worked hard to find out the nature [ of these claims ] and evidence to support them . In the last month evidence was gathered that changed the situation in this regard , '' the statement said . `` In this context , the results of the probe formed an evidentiary basis that justifies the questioning of the Prime Minister under warning . ''
While not going into details on the allegations against Netanyahu , the statement did note several cases which the police had probed and in which they found no reason to open an investigation against the Prime Minister .
These include claims about alleged prohibited funding for the 2009 elections , claims of falsifying the results of the Likud primaries that year , claims of receiving benefits overseas and the financing of flights by wealthy individuals residing abroad and claims of double billing of flights abroad .
“ As noted , the opinions presented to the Attorney General [ on these issues ] , which he adopted , indicate that the findings on these issues at this stage can not justify the opening of a criminal investigation , ” said Mandelblit 's statement .
The allegations against Netanyahu have been described by Israeli media outlets as extremely serious .
Authorities , however , have volunteered little information on the investigation , and some have suggested the Israeli media is actively seeking to play up the inquiry in an effort to unseat the Prime Minister .
Prominent American Jewish jurist Alan Dershowitz told Israel Hayom in an interview published Sunday that Netanyahu should be granted temporary immunity from such investigations , to prevent the Israeli left and media from hobbling the government at such a critical time .
STORRS , Conn. — Prosecutors have dropped a breach of peace charge filed against conservative commentator Lucian Wintrich over a confrontation with protesters during an appearance at the University of Connecticut .
Wintrich , the White House correspondent for the right-wing website Gateway Pundit , was charged after grabbing a woman who took his notes from the lectern as he prepared to give a speech last month titled “ It 's OK To Be White . ”
The woman , 33-year-old Catherine Gregory , of Willimantic , turned herself on Sunday to face charges of attempted larceny and disorderly conduct . She did not immediately return phone and email messages seeking comment .
Gregory , who is free on a $ 1,000 bond , is due in court on Wednesday .
Wintrich , who had argued he had every right to retrieve his property , said outside the courthouse Monday that he was pleased “ the system corrected itself . ”
“ We do n't want to create a precedent that people can walk up to speeches they find disagreeable and steal them , ” he said . “ I mean that 's really not what America is about . ”
Wintrich 's attorney , Norm Pattis , said Gregory and UConn would hear from him soon .
“ Free speech matters , ” he said . “ It 's OK to be white , black , brown or anything in between . My client came to Connecticut and was treated like a criminal for no reason . ”
——
This story has been corrected to show Gregory is 33 years old , not 35 .
The first signal that Adam Silver was more enlightened than the average commissioner came just months into his reign when he broke ranks with other sports leagues by calling for the legalization of sports betting .
Not only that , the NBA commissioner suggested later , but the league would n't mind joining in the profits that nationwide legalized betting might bring .
Bold stuff , considering the NBA had for decades been in lockstep with Major League Baseball and the NFL in the belief that sports betting could destroy their empires . While baseball is now coming in line with a new way of thinking , Roger Goodell notably continues to rant about the evils of sports betting .
That Silver is not afraid to tackle social issues is also reflected in the decision to move this weekend 's All-Star Game out of Charlotte because of the North Carolina law limiting protections for lesbian , gay and transgender people . Agree with him or not , it 's hard to imagine the NFL taking such a stand — especially when it might lose some money because of it .
Three years into his tenure , Silver is on a roll . The NBA Finals last year were the most watched in nearly 20 years , the league has a new national television deal that is ridiculously lucrative , and there is a new agreement with players that guarantees labor peace for at least six years .
Owners are happily counting their growing profits . Players are ecstatic over contracts that could pay them more than $ 40 million a year .
To top it off , Silver even managed — at least temporarily — to keep Knicks owner James Dolan from making even more of a fool of himself than he has already in his dustup with former player Charles Oakley .
Good times indeed , as the best players in the league prepare to gather in New Orleans for the All-Star Game that was taken from Charlotte . There 's a lot to celebrate for both players and owners in a league that is not only healthy but thriving .
Some of that came about because both players and owners realized only they can kill the golden goose that continues to provide well for both . The new labor agreement signed a few weeks ago ensures that players will continue to get about half of each team 's basketball revenue in salaries , while the owners will see their franchises go up in value .
Assuming it runs for the full seven-year length , the NBA will go for at least 13 years without any real labor issues . Revenues keep going up , and both owners and players seem to be satisfied with their share of a pie that keeps getting bigger .
Meanwhile , the NBA is not haunted by concussions like the NFL . It 's not tainted by steroids , like baseball . And the entertainment value on the court is at a level probably not seen since Magic Johnson and Larry Bird squared off against each other three decades ago .
Yes , there are still issues to address . Officiating is one of them , in a league where it 's difficult to know just what a foul is despite efforts to be more transparent about calls late in games .
Too many teams have no shot year after year at making the playoffs , which themselves have become somewhat predictable . Ticket prices are scary high , and it remains to be seen whether the $ 2.6 billion a year television package is sustainable in an era of cord cutting .
It 's also hard to give Silver a pat on the back for changing the name of the development league to the NBA Gatorade League and for allowing ads to creep onto uniform fronts . And while Silver wants to be out front on the sports betting issue , there is still no one outside of Nevada legally betting on NBA games and no indication that will happen anytime soon .
But the NBA seems to be in good hands in a commissioner who learned a lot working under his predecessor , David Stern . That was evident on Monday when Silver moved quickly to get Oakley and Dolan in his office and , with an assist from Hall of Famer Michael Jordan , thrashed out a detente of sorts between the former player and the Knicks owner .
As NBA problems go , the spat between Oakley and Dolan was more of a sideshow than anything . Both bear some blame for the altercation , though it was Dolan who escalated it by issuing a ban on Oakley attending Knicks games and suggesting that he had anger issues or alcohol problems .
It could have been another distraction at the All-Star Game that no one wanted . But Silver moved quickly to make sure it was n't , just as he moved quickly to move the game from Charlotte when it became clear the law was not going to be changed .
This weekend , the focus will be on the best players in the world , as it should always be .
But forgive the commissioner if he 's called to take a little bow , too .
———
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press . Write to him at tdahlberg @ ap.org or http : //twitter.com/timdahlberg
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is moving to repeal the centerpiece of former President Barack Obama 's efforts to slow global warming , seeking to ease restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants .
In a plan expected to be made public soon , the Environmental Protection Agency declares that an Obama-era rule exceeded federal law by setting emissions standards that power plants could not reasonably meet .
The Associated Press obtained a copy of the 43-page document .
The proposed rule would make good on President Donald Trump 's campaign pledge to unravel Obama 's efforts to curb global warming .
The EPA wo n't prescribe an immediate replacement for the plan , but will seek public comment on whether to curb climate-warming emissions from coal and natural gas power plants .
The plan was first reported by Bloomberg News .
A new poll finds that President Trump 's continued woes in polling regarding his job approval are having an impact on his party :
President Donald Trump continues to lag his predecessors in public approval and his unpopularity appears to be trickling down to other Republicans in Washington . Trump 's approval rating , according to a new Pew Research Center survey released Monday , is 39 percent — precisely the same as two months ago . The percentage of Americans who disapprove of Trump is virtually unchanged : 54 percent , compared to 56 percent in February . Forty-four percent of Americans disapprove of Trump very strongly , according to the poll conducted April 5-11 , more than the 30 percent who approve very strongly . The most profound shifts in the Pew survey are in Americans ' perceptions of the GOP beyond Trump . Just 40 percent of Americans have a favorable opinion of the Republican Party , down from 47 percent in January , prior to Trump 's inauguration . ( … ) On the issues , Americans trust Republicans over Democrats on dealing with the threat of terrorism by a 12-point margin , 48 percent to 36 percent . The GOP also has a 5-point edge on gun policy , 46 percent to 41 percent . Americans are more evenly divided on the economy and trade , with Republicans holding 3-point advantages on each , and on taxes . But more Americans think Democrats would do a better job on a number of other issues , including some that were previously GOP strengths . By an 8-point margin , Americans say Democrats better represent their views on government spending , 48 percent to 40 percent . In January 2013 , just days after lawmakers avoided the so-called “ fiscal cliff ” by passing spending and taxation provisions , Republicans held a 6-point advantage on this question . Americans now trust Democrats over Republicans when it comes to dealing with immigration , 50 percent to 39 percent . In nine separate Pew surveys conducted over the course of Barack Obama 's second term as president , the two parties were never separated by more than 2 points on this question . On foreign policy , Americans have shifted drastically toward Democrats : Forty-nine percent say the party would do a better job , compared with 36 percent who trust the GOP more . But last April , more Americans trusted Republicans ( 46 percent ) than Democrats ( 38 percent ) . Health care has represented the GOP 's most concerted domestic effort so far , and the poll shows little confidence in the party moving forward . A 54 percent majority says Democrats would do a better job on health care , far greater than the 35 percent who say Republicans would do a better job .
This poll comes as it is starting to become evident that recent events overseas , such as the missile strike on Syria and the rising tensions on the Korean peninsula , have not had a significant impact on the President 's job approval numbers . As of today , RealClearPolitics continues to show the President as being upside down on job approval , with an average of 42.4 % approving of the President 's job performance and 50.4 % disapproving while Pollster shows the number at 42,4 % approval and 51.1 % disapproval . While both of these averages show some slight improvement from the low point Trump was at just a few weeks ago , it still represents a historic low for an incoming President who is still more than a week ago from reaching the end of the iconic , though admittedly entirely arbitrary , first 100 days i office . It also comes on the same day that Gallup released a poll showing that the percentage of Americans who think Trump keeps his promises dropping from a high of 68 % in February to 45 % today , a number that seems only likely to drop further given the fact that Trump has recently backtracked on a number of promises he made during the campaign on issues ranging from health care reform to his claim that he would label China as a “ currency manipulator ” soon after entering office . All of this adds up to an unpopular President who is unlikely to become more popular in the near future , and now we have at least some confirmation that
Given the fact that we 're still a long way from either the 2018 or 2020 elections , it 's arguably the case that these early poll numbers do n't mean all that much , Outside of a handful of Special Elections , including one tomorrow in Georgia that is likely to result in a runoff between the Democratic candidate and which ever of the large number of Republicans also running for the seat , there 's not likely to be much political impact from Trump 's low job approval numbers or from the fact that the GOP is sliding in the polls itself . It 's also worth noting that the Pew Research poll from which these numbers come also show that public approval for the Democrats has fallen over the same time period from from 51 % in January to 45 % today . Nonetheless , the fact that Republicans are falling behind on key issues does n't bode well for their ability to get matters through Congress notwithstanding the fact that they control Congress . Additionally , if Republicans in the House and Senate begin to perceive that close association with Trump could potentially have an impact on their own reelection chances in the midterms which are just over eighteen months away , they could start striking out on their own and assert independence from the White House in ways that make it all the more difficult for a White House that has already been shown to have trouble getting its agenda through Congress to get what it wants out of Capitol Hill . In the end , the Congressmen and Senators up for reelection then are going to act in what they believe is their self-interest regardless of what the White House says or what the President sends out during own of his traditional Twitter tirades , and that could make life in Washington even more unpleasant for the 45th President .
Cleveland native Josh Hunt is not a fan of baseball . But he 's showed up at Progressive Field where the Indians play for the past couple of years to protest the team name and its mascot , Chief Wahoo — confronted with fans in headdresses and face paint , some playing small drums .
`` Being Native American myself , it 's a reminder that our city and our society does n't see me as a human being , '' he said . `` It would prefer to portray me as a racist stereotype , a bloodthirsty savage . ''
The protests have been happening since at least the 1970s , and this week marked what American Indians say is a small but substantial change in professional sports . The players wo n't don Chief Wahoo on their uniforms starting in the 2019 season , when Cleveland will host the All-Star game , though the red-faced cartoon with a big-toothed grin and feather headband wo n't disappear from merchandise .
Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred and team owner Paul Dolan said the change was about diversity and inclusion . Manfred met with the National Congress of American Indians last April , after the club already reduced Wahoo 's visibility and introduced a block `` C '' as the club 's primary insignia . The NCAI 's executive director , Jacqueline Pata , said she knew the All-Star game was putting pressure on the team , and she further impressed in the meeting that change would equate respect .
`` Once you make this big step and the public understands , it makes a statement in itself , '' said Pata , of the Tlingit Tribe of Alaska . `` I continue to say an informed public will make decisions about what they buy and how they want to be associated with the sports teams . ''
The group has kept a list of schools and sports teams that use indigenous imagery , mascots and names generally associated with Native Americans , once a common tradition throughout the U.S. Change has come : Savages to Blue Hawks at Dickson State University . Indians to Big Green at Dartmouth College . Warriors to Golden Eagles at Marquette University . Minnesota and Wisconsin have banned Native American mascots at school districts for decades .
Pata said about 1,000 names still are targeted , including the NFL 's Kansas City Chiefs , the MLB 's Atlanta Braves and the NHL 's Chicago Blackhawks .
The issue stretches beyond the United States .
Brazil 's Chapecoense , a soccer team that lost 19 of its players in a November 2016 air crash , has a mascot named for a 19th century leader of the Kaingang Tribe . Locals in Chapeco , a majority white city , say using the mascot is hypocritical and racist considering the last surviving Kaingangs have been pushed to the edges of the city and beyond .
Most of the efforts for change in the United States are at the high school level . But the biggest push nationally is against the NFL 's Washington Redskins , a name team owner Dan Synder is intent on keeping . The U.S. Justice Department recently gave up a legal fight over the name it said is disparaging because of a Supreme Court decision that favored an Asian-American band calling itself the Slants . Justice officials said that means the Redskins would prevail in a legal battle to cancel the team 's trademarks .
Pata sees public sentiment being the main tool in challenging the names and logos . Activists have used the courts , protested , burned mascots in effigy , advertised and had forums on imagery in sports to explain the disparities it creates for Native youth and the misconceptions about contemporary Native Americans .
Hunt said those discussions are most productive when he meets people one on one , away from the Cleveland stadium he calls `` regressive field , '' and is hopeful enough momentum has been built for further change .
`` While it seems bleak , it really has shocked people into at least waking up a little and paying attention to things like this , racist imagery , to our country 's history , how we 've treated Native Americans and African Americans , '' said Hunt , an enrolled member of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes of Oklahoma .
Charlene Teters was among a group of people arrested in 1998 outside the Cleveland stadium for burning an effigy of Chief Wahoo she likened to Little Black Sambo — a character from an 1899 children 's book widely considered to be racist . It was a way for Native Americans , who make up about 2 percent of the U.S. population , to be heard after years of holding signs , she said . The movement now is being led by a younger generation of Native Americans who see how imagery affects them , she said .
`` That says to me it 's over because our young people get it , and they 're taking up that challenge and doing it their own way , '' said Teters , a Spokane tribal member and academic dean at the Institute of American Indian Arts in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
For some Cleveland fans , Chief Wahoo has been a beloved part of the team since 1947 and they do n't want to see the players without him . They 've seen Wahoo as a sign of hope , as a symbol of Cleveland 's renaissance in the 1990s when the team 's fortunes turned on the field — urging through signs and T-shirts to keep him .
`` That 's the way it is , I guess , '' said Jeremiah Baker of North Ridgeville , Ohio , wearing one of the team 's blue caps with a red `` C. '' `` I know people get offended about just about everything nowadays . It 's disappointing . ''
___
Associated Press writers Tom Withers in Cleveland and Mauricio Savarese in Rio de Janeiro contributed to this report .
Laramie , WY – A record-setting placekicker , an American track athlete , a basketball player fondly known as “ the Prince of Pilfer ” , an accomplished wrestler who went on to become an outstanding coach , a successful baseball player , and a championship football team comprise the 2018 class of the University of Wyoming Intercollegiate Athletics Hall of Fame .
This year 's inductees are Sean Dent , Men 's Basketball ( 1984 , 1986-88 ) ; Jessica Fox Rasby , Track & Field ( 2003-05 ) ; Art Howe , Baseball ( 1967-69 ) ; Steven Suder , Wrestling ( 1975-79 ) and Wrestling Coach ( 1989-2008 ) ; Cory Wedel , Football ( 1994-97 ) ; and the 1987 Western Athletic Conference Championship Football Team .
A total of 162 individuals and 19 teams have been inducted into the Hall of Fame since its inception in 1993 . A dinner and induction ceremony for the Hall of Fame 's 26th class will be Friday , August 31 , at the Marian H. Rochelle Gateway Center in Laramie .
Here are the 2018 Wyoming Hall of Fame Inductees :
SEAN DENT – Men 's Basketball , 1984 , 1986-88 , Hometown : Trenton , New Jersey
Wyoming 's all-time leader in steals and assists , Dent earned the nickname “ The Prince of Pilfer ” during a brilliant playing career spanning one of the most successful eras of UW basketball . As the floor general for Cowboy teams featuring Fennis Dembo and Eric Leckner , Dent helped lead the team to a runner-up finish in the NIT , as well as back-to-back appearances in the NCAA Tournament , including a Sweet 16 appearance in 1987 . Dent established career records for assists ( 502 , including a single-season record 183 in 1986-87 ) and steals ( 249 , including a single-season record 93 in 1985-86 ) . The Cowboys also won back-to-back conference tournaments in 1987-88 .
JESSICA FOX RASBY – Track & Field , 2003-05 , Hometown : Burns , Wyoming
A three-time All-American , Fox was one of the best sprinters in the nation during her time at Wyoming . She still holds the indoor 200-meter record and the 4 x 400-relay record , as well as the top marks in the outdoor 200m and 400m and both relays ( 4×100 and 4×400 ) . She was a seven-time Mountain West conference champion and a six-time national qualifier , in addition to earning All-Mountain West honors seventeen times . In 2003 , she became the first Cowgirl sprinter to earn All-America honors .
ART HOWE – Baseball , 1967-69 , Hometown : Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania
Howe came to UW on a football scholarship but an injury forced him to switch to baseball . A slick-fielding third baseman , Howe played 109 games for the Cowboys and earned first-team all-conference honors in 1969 . After graduating from Wyoming with a business degree , Howe returned to Pittsburgh and worked in the private sector while playing baseball in a weekend league . The Pirates discovered him there and signed him to a contract . He went on to play professional baseball for over a decade , with Pittsburgh , Houston , and St. Louis . He was also a manager with Houston , Oakland , and the New York Mets , experiencing his greatest success with the A 's winning the American League West title in 2000 , 2001 , and 2002 . He still ranks as the third all-time winningest manager in Oakland A 's history .
STEVEN SUDER – Wrestling , 1975-77 , 1979/Wrestling Coach , 1989-2008 , Hometown : Littleton , Colorado
Suder completed an outstanding career as a UW wrestler by earning All-America honors during his senior year of 1979 . Wrestling at 150 pounds , Suder had an overall record of 62-37-2 as a Cowboy . He placed in the top four each year in the conference and was a team captain his senior year while placing at every major tournament in the Rocky Mountain Region . He returned to his alma mater as the head coach in 1989 and served in that capacity for nineteen years . He led Wyoming to two Western Athletic Conference team titles while being named Coach of the Year four times . He also earned NCAA West Regional Coach of the Year honors twice .
CORY WEDEL – Football , 1994-97 , Hometown : Burlington , Colorado
Holding almost every placekicking record at the University of Wyoming , Wedel earned All-America honors in 1996 and 1997 . He was named to the all-Western Athletic Conference team in 1995 , 1996 , and 1997 . During his career , Wedel kicked five game-winning field goals , including a dramatic 41-yarder against Iowa State to give UW its first ever overtime win in its first ever overtime game . He was one of twenty finalists for the Lou Groza Award ( honoring the nation 's best kicker ) in 1996 and 1997 . He led the team in scoring in both his junior and senior seasons . Named first-team Academic All-America in 1996 and 1997 , while earning WAC Scholar-Athlete and Academic All-WAC honors all four years at Wyoming .
1987 WAC CHAMPIONSHIP FOOTBALL TEAM
Under first-year head coach Paul Roach , the 1987 Cowboy football team went 8-0 in the Western Athletic Conference to win the league championship and a berth in the Holiday Bowl . They compiled an overall record of 10-3 , including a streak of nine wins in a row . Led by team captains quarterback Craig Burnett , defensive end Jeff Knapton , and linebacker Galand Thaxton , the Cowboys were ranked as high as 21st in the USA Today poll during the year . Craig Burnett passed for 3,131 yards on the year , while running back Gerald Abraham rushed for 1305 yards . Seven Cowboys earned All-Conference honors ( wide receiver Anthony Sargent , tight end Bill Hoffman , offensive tackle Tony Kapushion , Abraham , Knapton , Thaxton , and punter Tom Kilpatrick ) and Roach was named Coach of the Year . Knapton led the conference in sacks that year , while Thaxton added to his totals as Wyoming 's all-time leader in tackles . Roach was assisted by coaches Gregg Brandon , Greg Brown , Dave Butterfield , Scott Downing , Larry Korpitz , Al Roberts , Joe Tiller , Mark Tommerdahl , and Del Wight .
The Hall of Fame Committee met in January to make its final selections for this year 's class . The inductees must fit into one of five categories : student-athlete , coach , team , athletics staff member or special achievement . The special achievement category includes individuals who have contributed to the ideal of sports at the University . Each nominee must receive at least 75 percent of the committee 's vote to be eligible for induction . Nominations are encouraged and must be submitted by Sept. 1 in order to be considered for the following year 's class . For more information , check out the UW Athletics Hall of Fame website at www.wyohof.com .
Members of the committee are Gary Crum ( chairman ) , Tom Burman , Jim House , Rob Jarosh , China Jude , Dale Ann Meeker , Kevin McKinney , Brian Morgen , Jared Newland , Bill Schrage , and Sally Ann Shurmur .
NEW DELHI ( AP ) — A media watch group has expressed serious concern at `` an alarming deterioration in the working environment of journalists in India '' and demanded that the government ensure the safety of journalists who are feeling threatened .
Reporters Without Borders said in a report Wednesday that that at least three journalists were killed in India in 2017 and that a fourth case is still under investigation . In 2018 , the situation appears to have worsened significantly , with four journalists killed in the first six months of the year .
The report said , `` The hate speech directed toward journalists has increased massively , causing serious concern for their safety . ''
There was no immediate reaction from the Indian government .
The group demanded a swift and independent investigation of cases in which journalists have been targeted .
DALLAS — The Latest on Gov . Greg Abbott 's plan to improve school safety following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school ( all times local ) :
2:15 p.m .
Texas Gov . Greg Abbott 's recommendations on improving school safety do n't include any major restrictions on guns in the state .
The plan unveiled Wednesday by Abbott includes dozens of recommendations on topics including security at schools , mental health , crime prevention efforts and firearm safety .
Abbott is proposing a change to the state law that says guns ca n't be made accessible to children under 17 , with exceptions such as hunting or parent supervision . He 's encouraging the Legislature to consider changing the age to include 17-year-olds . The accused gunman in the Santa Fe High School shooting this month that killed 10 was 17 and obtained the firearms used from his father .
Abbott is also encouraging the Legislature to consider adopting a “ red flag ” law that would allow family , law enforcement and others to file a petition to remove firearms from a potentially dangerous person .
He also wants a new law that would require gun owners to report a lost or stolen firearm within 10 days .
——
12:15 p.m .
Texas Gov . Greg Abbott is recommending dozens of strategies to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a high school near Houston .
The Republican unveiled a 43-page report of recommendations on Wednesday that includes increasing the presence of law enforcement at schools . He also suggests more mental health screening for students . A handful of recommendations involved gun safety .
Abbott says funding will be aided by federal grants , though some recommendations require state lawmakers to weigh in .
The report was released a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers .
The recommendations follow three days of mostly closed-door meetings last week that Abbott organized after the shooting . The staunch gun-rights supporter met with school districts , shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate , among others .
——
12 a.m .
Texas Gov . Greg Abbott is set to reveal his plan to improve school safety in the aftermath of the deadly shooting at a high school near Houston this month .
Abbott will unveil the plan Wednesday morning at a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters . Last week — just days after the shooting at Santa Fe High School that killed 10 — Abbott held meetings in Austin with a variety of people to help come up with a plan .
Included in the talks were officials from school districts , gun-rights advocates , gun control groups and survivors of shootings .
The Republican governor has been a staunch supporter of gun rights , and there has been little mention of any new weapons restrictions in Texas .
THUNDER BAY , Ont . — Police in Thunder Bay , Ont. , are appealing for witnesses to an assault to come forward after video of the incident was shared on social media .
Investigators say the cellphone video shows a male striking a female , but the time and date of the incident are not known .
They say it 's believed the incident occurred in the vicinity of Water and Camelot streets .
Police say they are appealing to those who witnessed the incident to come forward and provide investigators with more information .
Spokesman Scott Paradis says members of the public should report crime directly to police , especially when video evidence exists , as soon as possible .
Member of Knesset Yair Lapid ( Yesh Atid ) has called on the international community to consider imposing sanctions on Chairman Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority , if he does not retract his calling United States Ambassador to Israel David Friedman `` son of a dog '' .
Lapid said , `` Abu Mazen 's remarks about Ambassador Friedmann are a disgrace worthy of all possible condemnation . I call on the entire international community , especially the countries that contribute to the PA , to strongly condemn his words and examine sanctions if he does not take them back . ''
Ariana Grande To Become The First Honorary Citizen Of Manchester
According to the BBC , the Manchester City Council has announced that Ariana Grande will receive the city 's first-ever honorary citizenship title .
The singer will be recognized for her response to the unfortunate May 22nd bombing during her Dangerous Woman show at the Manchester Arena , which led to the death of 22 people and left more than 100 people injured . Ariana then organized the One Love Manchester concert on June 4th which raised an estimated $ 3.5 million for the Love Manchester Emergency Fund set up by the city council and the British Red Cross .
According to city council leader Sir Richard Leese , many people have already considered Ariana “ an honorary Mancunian . Speaking to the BBC , he said “ We 've all had cause to be incredibly proud of Manchester and the resilient and compassionate way in which the city , and all those associated with it , have responded to the terrible events of 22 May – with love and courage rather than hatred and fear . ”
Ariana will also be the first honorary citizen to be from outside the Greater Manchester area .
The post Ariana Grande To Become The First Honorary Citizen Of Manchester appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . — A 22-year-old man has been sentenced to 30 years in prison after pleading guilty to the drive-by shooting death of a 2-year-old girl in Little Rock .
Deshaun Rushing was charged with capital murder in the 2016 killing of 2-year-old Ramiya Reed . But on Monday , Rushing pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of first-degree murder and avoided a potential life sentence .
Prosecutors say Ramiya 's mother identified Rushing as a suspect , and another defendant still awaits trial .
According to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , Rushing will be eligible for parole after 21 years .
A month after Ramiya 's killing , 3-year-old Acen King was killed in an apparent road-rage case in Little Rock . The alleged shooter in that case awaits trial .
——
Information from : Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , http : //www.arkansasonline.com
You can watch Trumbull Community Television on Charter , channel 194 and Frontier Vantage , channel 6019 , and online anytime at trumbullps.tv . Schedule subject to change . Updated schedule and shows on-demand are also available online at trumbullps.tv .
Thursday-Wednesday , May 31-June 6 , 2018
12 a.m. — Govt : Board of Finance May 17 meeting
1:30 a.m. — Govt : Trumbull Housing Authority May 21 meeting
2 a.m. — Govt : Board of Education May 22 meeting
4 a.m. — Trumbull Memorial Day Ceremonies
5 a.m. — Trumbull Memorial Day Parade
5:45 a.m. — Jane Ryan Elementary School Spring Concert
7 a.m. — Daniels Farm Elementary School Spring Concert
8:10 a.m. — Booth Hill Elementary School Spring Concert : Band and Strings
8:45 a.m. — Booth Hill Elementary School Spring Concert : 2nd Grade Chorus
9 a.m. — Hillcrest Middle School Spring Concert : Winter Percussion and Chorus
10:15 a.m. — Trumbull High School Spring Choral Concert
12 p.m. — Trumbull Memorial Day Ceremonies
1 p.m. — Trumbull Memorial Day Parade
1:45 p.m. — Jane Ryan Elementary School Spring Concert
3 p.m. — Daniels Farm Elementary School Spring Concert
4:10 p.m. — Booth Hill Elementary School Spring Concert : Band and Strings
4:45 p.m. — Booth Hill Elementary School Spring Concert : 2nd Grade Chorus
5 p.m. — Hillcrest Middle School Spring Concert : Winter Percussion and Chorus
6:15 p.m. — Trumbull High School Spring Choral Concert
8 p.m. — Govt : Senior Commission May 25 meeting
10 p.m. — Govt : Police Station Building Committee May 30 meeting
NEW YORK — Mayor Bill de Blasio won election in 2013 promising a progressive overhaul of public policy . Robert Anderson Van Wyck won the same office in 1897 with a Tammany Hall-backed campaign featuring the slogan “ To Hell with Reform . ”
The two mayors would seem to have little in common , but the genealogy company MyHeritage says it has discovered the mayors are 11th cousins five times removed , sharing an ancestor who was knighted in England in 1487 .
“ To find a genealogical connection between two of the most impactful and significant New Yorkers in the last 120 years is quite extraordinary and unexpected , ” MyHeritage researcher Nitay Elboym said .
Researchers at the company said they were looking for Van Wyck relatives because of the upcoming 120th anniversary of the consolidation of New York 's five boroughs into one city , which occurred during his administration .
They were surprised to uncover the link to de Blasio , who was born with the name Warren Wilhelm Jr. but dropped it and took his Italian mother 's maiden name after his father became estranged from the family .
De Blasio did not respond to requests for comment .
MyHeritage provided The Associated Press with names from the family trees of de Blasio and Van Wyck going back to Sir Thomas Boteler and his wife , Margaret , who were both born in the 1460s . Sir Thomas and his lady are Van Wyck 's 10-times great grandparents and de Blasio 's 15-times great grandparents if the research is correct .
A titled Englishman may not be the ideal ancestor for de Blasio , a liberal Democrat whose priorities include addressing economic disadvantages in a city he says is often rigged in favour of the rich and powerful .
The Van Wyck connection might not be a badge of honour , either .
Present-day New Yorkers know Van Wyck for the often-congested expressway to Kennedy Airport that bears his name .
Tapped to run by the notoriously corrupt Tammany Hall Democratic machine , Van Wyck presided over the five-borough consolidation and broke ground on New York 's first subway tunnels .
But his one-term administration was tarnished by the so-called ice trust scandal of 1900 .
A plan by the American Ice Co. to double the price of ice — a crucial commodity in the age before refrigeration — drew outrage , and an investigation by Van Wyck 's political opponents found that American Ice had given Van Wyck 5,000 shares of stock for free while securing a monopoly over the supply of ice to the city .
Van Wyck was cleared of wrongdoing by Gov . Theodore Roosevelt but lost the 1901 election to Republican reformer Seth Low .
Mike Wallace , the author of “ Greater Gotham : A History of New York City from 1898 to 1919 , ” called Van Wyck , “ a creature ” of Tammany Hall boss Richard Croker .
Asked if it would be safe to say a modern mayor would n't boast of a connection to Van Wyck , Wallace said : “ Safe as houses . ”
০ = 0 , ১ = 1 , ২ = 2 , ৩ = 3 , ৪ = 4 , ৫ = 5 , ৬ = 6 , ৭ = 7 , ৮ = 8 , ৯ = 9
্ = See example ( Hasant/Viram ) ় = * ( Nukta ) ʼ = ' ( Urdhacomma ) ঽ = & ( Avagrah ) ৺ = ~ ( Isshar ) ৹ = a~ ( Bengali ana sign ) ৲ = Rs~ ( Bengali Rupee sign ) ৳ = T~ ( Taka sign ) । = | ( Devanagari danda ) ॥ = || ( Devanagari double danda ) ₹ = Rs ( Indian Rupee sign ) 卐 = +~ ( Swastika sign ) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if `` ~ '' will be followed , it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol .
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning . You can type this way & = & ~ ~ = ~~ * = * ~ : = : ~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , `` ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols .
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing `` namaskaar ''
As per Rule # 3 , ligature will be rendered . ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature .
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character .
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character .
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel ( i.e . ai , au ) , then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels . It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels .
The pedestrian , identified as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg , was walking her bicycle across the street outside the crosswalk when she was struck , police said , adding that an investigation is ongoing .
CONCORD , N.H. — A Vermont man suspected of killing his millionaire grandfather is trying to raise money to hire a lawyer to fight his family 's attempt to block him from an inheritance .
Nathan Carman has been called a suspect in the shooting death of 87-year-old real estate developer John Chakalos in Connecticut . No one has been arrested . He also has been questioned about the day his boat sank with his mother on it near Rhode Island . She 's presumed dead .
Her sisters sued in New Hampshire , accusing him of killing his grandfather and possibly his mother . They asked a judge to block Carman from collecting money from the estate .
Carman told a judge he wants to use money from a trust in which he 's the sole beneficiary to hire a lawyer . He says one of his aunts is trustee and has n't allowed him any funds .
A message was left Friday with the aunts ' attorney .
HARRIS COUNTY , TX ( WFLA ) – A Texas couple was arrested Monday after police seized almost $ 1 million worth of meth-laced lollipops from a vehicle , according to Click Houston .
Police responded to a call about a burglary at a home outside of Houston when they caught Evonne Mick and David Salinas removing the lollipops from the home , according to the Harris County Sheriff 's Office .
“ They had so many narcotics in their vehicle they could n't close the back hatch of their car , ” Lt. Ruben Diaz said during a press conference Tuesday .
Six hundred pounds of the drug-laced candy had been loaded into the back seat of the vehicle , according to police . The candy had been melted into various shapes and designs , like flowers and butterflies or more complicated figures like Batman or Yoda . Given the designs , police worry the drug was being marketed to children . The home is located near a school .
Investigators believe the meth was manufactured inside the home and that Mick was living at the residence at one time .
“ I do n't believe these two people were the actual people making them , ” a sheriff 's office official said . “ The other part of our investigation is going to be trying to figure out who 's actually making them . ”
Mick has been charged with possession of a controlled substance and her bond is set at an estimated $ 100,000 , according to court records . Salinas was charged with possession with intent to manufacture or deliver a controlled substance . He 's being held without bond .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
SUPER CAT : Jack Cross puts his body on the line against the Maroochydore Roos .
SUPER CAT : Jack Cross puts his body on the line against the Maroochydore Roos . Leeroy Todd
Aussie Rules : The Gympie Cats ' clash against Bundaberg 's Across the Waves last weekend resulted in the Cats disputing the final score .
After singing the club song , thinking they had secured a hard fought victory , the Cats were told they had lost the game by two points .
Cats officials recorded Gympie 12.12 ( 84 ) and Across the Waves 12.8 ( 80 ) .
The goal umpires recorded Across the Waves 12.8 ( 80 ) and Cats 11.12 ( 78 ) .
Cats coach and co-captain Courtney Findlay said the Cats were in the process of disputing the final score .
`` We believe we kicked three goals in the final quarter but the goal umpires only recorded two , ” he said .
`` The papers have been lodged to AFL Queensland with proof backing up our belief . Hopefully we hear back this week . ”
Gympie welcomed back Madry Tonkin who was sidelined due to a suspension from last year .
`` Despite playing his first game of the season , Tonkin played well , ” Findlay said .
`` He was rotated through a few different positions and he handled it well . ”
Cats ' Jack Cross had another stand out performance , backing up from last week 's game .
`` He played up forward and was quiet creative , ” Findlay said . `` Jack won contested possessions in the midfield and when the game was to be won , he kicked a crucial goal. ” Cross and Tonkin were not the only stand out Cats players ; Jesse Lawrence had a great game in the midfield .
Cats head back to Bundaberg this Saturday to play Brothers Bulldogs at 3pm at Brothers AFL complex .
PHOENIX — The Sedona City Council has voted to repeal a requirement that operators of short-term rentals in the Arizona city known for red-rock landscapes obtain a business license violates state law .
The City Council 's May 22 action was a reaction to a report issued May 7 by state Attorney General Mark Brnovich ( BURN'-o-vich ) that concluded that the city 's requirement enacted earlier this year violated a 2016 state law on short-term rentals .
Brnovich 's office had said Sedona had to resolve the violation within 30 days or risk losing state-shared revenue .
City Attorney Robert Pickels Jr. said Brrnovich 's office handled the matter professionally but that the state law allowing individual legislators to force a legal review of local laws is “ patently unfair ” to cities .
Thermal Insulation Market by Manufacturers , Regions , Type and Application , Forecast by 2022 – Business Services
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Arsenal back to winning ways
Arsenal defeated relegation threatened Middlesbrough 2-1 to rekindle their hopes of finishing in the top four . Goals were scored by Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil for Arsenal while Alvaro Negredo scored for the home team .
The win comes on the heels of a poor run that saw the Gunners win just one of their last five Premier League matches .
The post Arsenal back to winning ways appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A day after he declared a narrow victory in a referendum vote that radically expands presidential powers , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is criticizing elections observers and their concerns about the fairness of the vote .
Decrying a `` crusader mentality , '' Erdoğan told a crowd of his supporters that the international monitors should `` know their place , '' according to Reuters . Erdoğan added that Turkey did not `` see , hear or acknowledge '' the reports of irregularities from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe .
Preliminary returns say the presidential proposal passed by just 51 percent of the vote .
The European monitor released preliminary findings about Sunday 's poll , saying the vote `` took place on an unlevel playing field and the two sides of the campaign did not have equal opportunities . ''
Its report states that `` while the technical aspects of the referendum were well administered and referendum day proceeded in an orderly manner , late changes in counting procedures removed an important safeguard and were contested by the opposition . '' The OSCE also said the vote did not meet standards set by the Council of Europe .
Allegations of vote rigging are uncommon in Turkey , Soner Cagaptay of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy tells NPR . `` We do n't know whether the amount of vote fraud was significant enough to change the outcome — or more than 1 percent — but definitely something happened . ''
But in a country that is deeply divided , `` where it 's almost half and half for and against Erdoğan , if you even have allegations of voter fraud , whether or not it happened , his legitimacy will be completely and constantly questioned by that half that does not vote for him . ''
That could present problems for Erdoğan in the future , Cagaptay says .
Acting State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said U.S. officials have noted the OSCE 's concerns , according to Reuters . `` We look forward to OSCE/ODIHR 's final report , which we understand will take several weeks . ''
Considering how tilted critics called the campaign , NPR 's Peter Kenyon in Istanbul says many were surprised at how close the vote was .
`` It 's close enough that the opposition says it 's going to challenge alleged irregularities , '' he says . `` It might be an uphill fight . It could be days or longer before we know the final results . ''
The new framework expands Erdoğan 's powers and means he could potentially stay in office until 2029 . As Peter explains :
`` Power would be more concentrated under the presidency . `` If the referendum is approved by majority vote , the office of prime minister would be abolished after the next elections , scheduled for 2019 . Another body , the Council of Ministers , would also go , and all executive and administrative authority would be transferred to the president 's office . ... `` The change would increase Erdoğan 's influence over who runs for Parliament . `` Cabinet ministers would no longer have to be members of Parliament , and the Parliament would not have power over Cabinet appointments — ministers would be appointed directly by the president . ''
People who voted `` Yes '' say concentrating power in the hands of the presidency will make the country more stable , while critics say it will fundamentally undercut Turkey 's democracy .
Cagaptay says Erdoğan `` has become the most powerful person in the country 's history in at least a century . ''
RIVERVIEW , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Two men are accused of breaking into a storage unit at Extra Space Storage in Riverview and stealing guns , ammo , musical instruments and multiple personal items of the victim .
Deputies say Joshua Vining , 33 , was driving the vehicle as he fled the scene with David Hajipour , 31 , on Jan. 19 .
The storage unit is located at 7018 Hwy . 301 in Riverview .
Deputies say they recovered 11 of the guns that were stolen but a handgun and two AR-15 rifles are still missing .
Hajipour was arrested on Jan. 19 at a home in Tampa , according to jail records . Deputies say a car was parked with some of the stolen items , including guns in plain view .
Deputies arrested Vining on Thursday near the Goodwill Brandon Superstore on E. Brandon Blvd . He had items that belonged to the victim including a computer monitor and keyboard , deputies say .
Vining is denying any involvement in the burglary or theft of the firearms , according to deputies .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW :
Public-Private Partnerships ( PPPs ) may be more attractive than complete privatization of US airports , according to presentations by two expert speakers at a workshop on airport privatization held by the Japan International Transportation Institute in Washington , DC , on Feb. 1 . Eno Center for Transportation CEO Robert Puentes reviewed the very mixed and limited US history of privatization . Stewart International in New York was briefly privatized and failed because of several factors , ...
China gives conditions for Nigeria to receive more assistance
Prof. Zhang Yong-Peng , a research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences ( CASS ) , in Beijing , China on Tuesday said that for more Chinese development assistance to be extended to Nigeria , both countries should become active partners . Yong-Peng told a Delegation of visiting Nigerian Journalists in Beijing , while making clarification on “ The Belt and Silk Road : …
The post China gives conditions for Nigeria to receive more assistance appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The CIA , South Korea and Japan have all speculated North Korea might conduct a nuclear test or missile launch on or around October 10—the anniversary of the establishment of the North Korean Communist Party . North Korea conducted a series of recent missile tests and its sixth nuclear test in early September , which has put the U.S. on high alert .
North Korea claims it has a missile that could reach the West Coast of the United States and plans to test it in the very near future , according to Russian lawmakers who visited the reclusive nation this week .
“ They are preparing for new tests of a long-range missile . They even gave us mathematical calculations that they believe prove that their missile can hit the West Coast of the United States , ” Anton Morozov , a member of the Russian Duma 's international affairs committee , told the RIA news agency , Reuters reports .
“ In general , [ North Korea 's ] mood is rather belligerent , ” Morozov added . “ The situation , of course , demands the swiftest intervention of all interested states , particularly those represented in the region , in order to prevent wide-scale military action . ”
The CIA , South Korea and Japan have all speculated North Korea might conduct a nuclear test or missile launch on or around October 10—the anniversary of the establishment of the North Korean Communist Party . North Korea conducted its first ever nuclear test on October 9 , 2006 .
North Korea had carried out a series of missile tests over the course of the past year and its sixth nuclear test in early September , which has put the U.S. on high alert .
Some believe North Korea already has an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) capable of striking targets on the U.S. mainland . Others question whether Pyongyang has actually developed the technology that would allow an ICBM armed with a nuclear weapon to successfully reach its intended destination .
“ It is clear North Korea has the capability to build a missile that can range the distance to the United States , but North Korea has yet to demonstrate it has the requisite technology and capability to actually target and strike the United States with a nuclear weapon , ” General Paul Selva , vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in late August .
President Donald Trump and North Korea leader Kim Jong-un have taken to trading insults as the U.S. considers how to deal with the North Korean threat . After Trump referred to Kim as “ Rocket Man ” and threatened to “ totally destroy ” North Korea during his first speech in front of the United Nations , the North Korean leader described the U.S. president as a “ mentally deranged dotard . ”
Some in Trump 's administration , including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis , have tried to push for diplomacy but have frequently been undermined by the president 's tweets and bellicose public statements . With that said , the U.S. has succeeded in increasing economic pressure on Pyongyang via sanctions imposed by the United Nations , which have even received the blessing of China—North Korea 's top trading partner .
Meanwhile , Russia , which shares a border with North Korea , has become more vocal about the situation . Earlier this week , Russian President Vladimir Putin urged all parties involved to embrace diplomacy .
Former U.S. President Barack Obama—who 's routinely butted heads with Putin ( and Trump , for that matter ) —also addressed the heightened tensions this week . Obama acknowledged North Korea poses a very “ real threat ” but implored both countries to favor dialogue over conflict .
Related Articles
SANTA MONICA , Calif. — Actor Anthony Anderson will host the second annual NBA Awards .
The show honouring the league 's top performers will air June 25 on TNT from Barker Hangar in Santa Monica , California . The league MVP , defensive player of the year , rookie of the year and lifetime achievement awards will be handed out , among others .
Anderson , the star of ABC 's “ black-ish , ” is an NBA fan who frequently attends games in Los Angeles . He has previously hosted the NCAAP Image Awards and BET Awards .
——
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
ALBANY , N.Y. — New York state 's construction of wider snowmobile trails in the Adirondack Mountains has been upheld by a state Supreme Court judge .
The environmental group Protect the Adirondacks sued the state in 2015 . It says cutting thousands of trees for the Community Connector trails violates the Forever Wild clause of the state 's Constitution .
The Department of Environmental Conservation contends the number of trees being cut is far less than what the group claims . Among issues raised in court was the definition of a tree .
Acting Supreme Court Justice Gerald Connolly in Albany ruled in the state 's favour in a decision dated Dec. 1 .
The Adirondacks region is popular for outdoor activities including snowmobile riding , ice fishing and dogsledding . A network of trails linking Newcomb , Minerva and North Hudson is slated for completion in 2020 .
Deportation : Seven Nigerian footballers stranded in Cairo – FG
FOLLOWING persistent deportation of Nigerians , Federal Government , FG , has warned youths against leaving the shores of the country in seeking unforeseen greener pastures abroad , saying seven Nigerian footballers are presently stranded in Cairo , Egypt . Meantime , the FG in collaboration with Lagos State Government has concluded plans to host the maiden Diaspora Festival scheduled to hold [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It looks set to be another cold weekend across the East Midlands with outbreaks of rain , sleet and snow , according to the Met Office .
Forecasters say today will be cold with light rain and sleet .
The Met Office said : `` Across the Peak District risk of icy stretches on untreated surfaces this morning , and light snow at times throughout . Highest temperatures along the coast , as light onshore winds develop . Maximum temperature 5 °C .
`` Tonight will be largely cloudy with outbreaks of light rain or sleet , also hill snow , gradually dying away . Isolated showers will follow , mainly across Lincolnshire , becoming increasingly wintry . Risk of icy patches . Minimum temperature -1 °C . ''
And we can expect a frosty start on Sunday , with possibly icy patches on untreated surfaces . Then staying cold despite sunny spells , with scattered wintry showers , although many places will remain dry . Highest temperatures along the coast . Maximum temperature 4 °C .
Herdsmen killings : the Libyan angle – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
From Trussville Tribune staff reports
BIRMINGHAM – A man is in custody of the Birmingham Police Department after he allegedly stabbed a 15-year-old girl after an argument over a pair of sneakers . Brenton Christopher Tate , 27 , is being held at the Jefferson County Jail with a bond set at $ 5900 .
According to Birmingham Police , officers were responding to a call for service at the 200 block of 23rd Ave NW when they saw a suspect running from a nearby residence with blood on his shirt . The officers pursued and caught him a short distance away .
At the residence , police spoke with a 15-year-old girl who said that the suspect stabbed her in the arm . Detectives learned that the suspect is her mother 's boyfriend . She had loaned him a pair of sneakers and when she asked for them back he refused .
An argument resulted where the victim tried to take them off of him but he allegedly stabbed her in the arm with a pocket knife . The victim was transported to a hospital with serious but non-life threatening injuries .
Tate has been charged with second degree domestic violence assault , attempting to elude , resisting arrest , and unlawful possession of marijuana in the second degree .
SAN DIEGO — The U.S. Navy on Saturday commissioned its newest warship , the USS Omaha , a futuristic , $ 440 million vessel named for the Nebraska hometown of billionaire Warren Buffett , who was on hand for the ceremony .
The Omaha , a 218-foot-long littoral combat ship , was commissioned at its new home port in San Diego .
Buffett 's daughter , Susie Buffett , who was designated as the ship 's sponsor , gave the traditional order for officers and crew : “ Man our ship and bring her to life . ”
“ Aye , aye , ma'am , ” they replied and ran to the ship as a band struck up “ Anchors Aweigh . ”
The aluminum-clad Omaha is designed for missions close to shore . It has high-tech computer capabilities and can be reconfigured for various missions , including anti-submarine warfare and anti-mine operations .
“ She is a beautiful ship , ” said Cmdr . Michael Toth , the commanding officer . “ To be at her helm is more akin to flying an aircraft with a pilot and a co-pilot than to conning a traditional warship . ”
Other dignitaries at the ceremony included Nebraska Gov . Pete Ricketts , Omaha Mayor Jean Stothert and former Nebraska Gov . and U.S. Sen. Bob Kerrey , a Navy veteran and Medal of Honor winner .
“ I am proud to share our name , our heritage and our community values with USS Omaha and its commander , and we wish you safety on your missions , ” Stothert said .
Ricketts , whose state is landlocked , issued what he said was a unique honour in designating the entire crew collectively as “ an admiral in the great Navy of the state of Nebraska . ”
The ship is the fourth to carry the Omaha name since 1869 . The last vessel was an attack submarine that was decommissioned in 1995 .
“ She represents the strength and the fortitude of her city and her state , ” U.S. Navy Secretary Richard V. Spencer said at the ceremony . “ This ship is ready to deliver the fight tonight . ”
CLU baseball team wins NCAA championship
The California Lutheran University Kingsmen baseball team has returned from Wisconsin with the big cheese , that 's right , the NCAA Division III National Championship , after making a thrilling comeback win in the best of three series .
The Kingsmen were defeated , 12-2 , by the Presidents of Pennsylvania-based Washington & Jefferson College , in the first in a three-game series . In the following bout , the CLU men returned the favor with a 12-4 victory and followed that walloping with a 7-2 victory in the third and final game .
The Kingsmen finish the season with a 40-11 record and becomes only the second team in CLU history to reach 40 wins in a season .
Kingsmen pitcher Miguel Salud earned Most Outstanding Player honors for his 1.23 earned run average with three saves , nine strikeouts and one earned run in four appearances and 7.1 innings .
For more information on the Kingsmen , go to www.callutheran.edu .
Ojai native part of championship equine team
A horse is a horse , of course , of course , unless it 's an award-winning horse , in which case this equine is looking fine .
Ojai native horse enthusiast Lillian Hilgers , sophomore at the Savannah College of Art and Design , competed in the Intercollegiate Horse Shows Association ( IHSA ) National Championships in early May , where she won first place in the Novice Flat category in the Collegiate Cup Rider competition . Her victory led the Savannah College equestrian team to its third consecutive national championship .
With the victory , the Savannah College team is the second to have ever won the national championship three years in a row .
Player development month in Ventura
Olivas Links , Buenaventura Golf Course , and management KemperSports have announced the fourth annual Player Development Month to take place during the month of June , designed to introduce , or re-introduce , players to the world of golf .
Free 15-minute lessons from staff instructors will be offered to new players , as well as a complimentary junior green fee for every adult green fee paid after 2 p.m. at both courses .
“ As avid golfers ourselves , we are passionate about the game of golf , ” said KemperSports general manager Carl-Van Vallier , “ PDMonth gives us the opportunity to share our love of the game and hopefully introduce the game to a generation of non-golfers . ”
Both courses are owned by the City of Ventura and recently underwent renovations in 2005 and 2006 . Both Buenaventura and Olivas Links are 18-hole courses , attracting tourists and locals alike .
For more information , visit www.olivaslinks.com .
Ray Turnbull , a member of the World Curling Hall of Fame and Manitoba 's 1965 Brier championship team , has died . He was 78 .
Curling Canada said on its website that Turnbull died of leukemia at the Winnipeg Health Sciences Centre .
Born in Huntsville , Ont. , Turnbull rose to prominence as a curler in Manitoba . He served as the lead for Terry Braunstein 's squad that captured the '65 Canadian championship and finished runner-up to the United States at the world men 's championship in Perth , Scotland , later that year .
Turnbull became a successful analyst after his career and was part of TSN 's curling broadcast team from 1985-2010 .
“ He loved family .. loved life .. loved red wine .. LOVED curling .. my TSN partner for 25 years .. Ray Turnbull has passed .. heaven now has a lead RIP , ” longtime TSN curling announcer Vic Rauter posted on Twitter .
Turnbull was inducted into the World Curling Hall of Fame in 2015 and the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame in 2009 .
“ It is with deep sadness that I convey the sincerest condolences from the World Curling Federation and the curling community worldwide to the family and friends of Ray , ” World Curling Federation president Kate Caithness said in a statement . “ He did so much throughout the years to grow the sport both on the ice and through his 25 years of TV commentary . He was justifiably rewarded when inducted into the World Curling Federation Hall of Fame . He will be sorely missed . ”
On Saturday , Bengaluru FC consolidated their place at the top of the table by inflicting a 2-0 defeat on reigning champions ATK at the Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan in Indian Super league 2018 . Succumbing to their fourth successive reversal , ATK remained rooted to the eighth spot with just 12 points to show from 13 outings .
Ten-man Bengaluru FC consolidated their place at the top of the table by inflicting a 2-0 defeat on reigning champions ATK , who saw their chances of making the playoffs virtually go up in smoke , in an Indian Super League ( ISL ) encounter at the Vivekananda Yuba Bharati Krirangan here on Saturday . Jordi Montel Figueras ( 3rd ) scored an own goal in the first half with Venezuelan striker Miku ( 83rd ) extending the lead in the second to help the Blues ( 27 points from 13 games ) go four points clear of second-placed Chennaiyin FC who are on 23 points from 12 games . Bengaluru now have five wins from their last seven matches .
Meanwhile , succumbing to their fourth successive reversal , ATK remained rooted to the eighth spot with just 12 points to show from 13 outings . ATK got off to the worst possible start as Figueras put the ball into his own net trying to clear a cross inside the box after Edu Garcia found Udanta Singh on the right flank . It was all downhill for the home team thereafter as Bengaluru toyed around with ATK passing the ball around with relative ease . In the 17th minute , home team keeper Debjit Majumdar was forced into a good save from an Edu swipe . A minute later , Ryan Taylor 's free-kick at the other end was punched clear by birthday boy Gurpreet Singh Sandhu .
ATK got a golden opportunity to pull one back three minutes into the half-hour mark when Jayesh Rane met a Bipin Singh cross but the ball came off the far post . Rane tried to bury the ball on the rebound but visiting fullback Rahul Bheke slid in to avert the danger . Bheke was the saviour for Bengaluru early in the second half as well , intercepting a Martin Paterson dummy for Rane expertly . Ten minutes into the second period , fit-again Robbie Keane came on for Rupert Nongrum as ATK looked to get back on level terms . Keane was straightaway into the act , feeding Paterson whose shot was saved well by Gurpreet .
Bengaluru suffered a body blow when the impressive Bheke was sent off after picking up a second booking . With 20 minutes still to go , the Ashley Westwood-coached side suddenly sensed an advantage but it was the visitors who doubled their lead . Miku ran 35 yards after picking up the ball from Erik Paartalu to beat Figueras for pace and slot the ball into the bottom right corner to bring up his tenth goal of the campaign and stay firmly behind league 's top scorer Ferran Corominas ( 12 goals ) of FC Goa .
Mario Batali , the acclaimed American chef and restaurateur who also hosts ABC 's The Chew , is the latest to be met with sexual harassment allegations .
Early Monday , Eater reported four women had come forward who had previously worked with Batali , all with allegations of misconduct , alleging groping , graphic comments and other inappropriate behaviour dating back two decades .
All of the victims said they remained silent because they were afraid of “ retribution. ” One woman who claims Batali touched her inappropriately in the '90s while working as his employee said , “ He has clear intent on being threatening when he is wronged . And the level of vindictiveness is very chilling . So , it never occurred to me to share tales out of school . ”
Steve Crane , who co-owned restaurant Pó with Batali for a time , is quoted by Eater saying several female staffers had informed him of Batali 's behaviour . When he confronted the chef and asked him to stop , “ Batali would become more aggressive ” to the point that the staff would ask Crane to stop confronting him because it only made the situation worse .
In a statement , Batali did not deny the allegations : “ I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt . Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me , much of the behaviour described does , in fact , match up with ways I have acted . That behaviour was wrong and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family . ”
ABC has requested Batali “ step away ” from the daytime talk show while they investigate the allegations . Meanwhile , the Food Network has put Batali 's cooking series Molto Mario , which has been on the air since 2005 , on hold .
He is also stepping away from Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group , the restaurant management group he co-owns with Joe Bastianich .
Rumours of a notable chef meeting assault allegations this week were brewing on Twitter over the weekend , with Anthony Bourdain , a close friend of Batali 's , fuelling the fire more than anyone .
.. and like you , I 've been sitting on stories that were not mine to tell . And feeling sick and guilty as fuck I had n't heard them before — Anthony Bourdain ( @ Bourdain ) December 11 , 2017
On Sunday , he tweeted , “ Trust me . Monday is really gon na suck . … It 's where you stand when the people you care about and admire do awful things that matter . Keeping head down and hoping it goes away ? No . ”
Despite saying he has only begun to hear the Batali rumours “ a few weeks ago , ” Bourdain also said , “ I 've been sitting on stories that were not mine to tell . And feeling sick and guilty as f—k I had n't heard them before . ”
In other words , this might be just the beginning of the restaurant industry facing the same storm brewing in Hollywood in recent months .
( AP ) – A source with knowledge of the decision says Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from his film company pending an internal investigation into sexual harassment claims leveled against the Oscar winner .
The source , who was not authorized to speak publicly , says an announcement on the suspension and investigation is expected on Friday .
The decision was made by The Weinstein Co. 's board of directors .
The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment .
Weinstein said Thursday that he was taking a leave of absence .
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. is expected to be assumed by Weinstein 's brother , Bob Weinstein , and David Glasser , the company 's chief operating officer and president .
Weinstein has long held a larger-than-life role in Hollywood , but many are questioning whether his career will survive detailed accusations of sexual harassment leveled by several women .
The accusations were published Thursday by The New York Times and include accusations Weinstein sexually harassed actresses , including Ashley Judd , and former employees .
Weinstein has said he is taking a leave of absence from his company and acknowledged he has behaved poorly , but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a vendetta against him .
The Times says it stands by its reporting . Richard Rushfield , founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler , says the accusations against Weinstein mean there will now be a “ cost ” associated with working with the Oscar winner .
Naira : Nigeria 's external reserves at 3-month low , now $ 30.22 billion
Nigeria 's external reserved has dropped to $ 30.22 billion , despite consistent interventions to bolster the Naira at the foreign market . The figure , which is the lowest level in three months , was contained in Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) website on Wednesday . CBN disclosed that external reserve dropped to $ 30.222 billion on Tuesday June 13th , representing a [ … ]
Naira : Nigeria 's external reserves at 3-month low , now $ 30.22 billion
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Woodbridge 's boys basketball team did n't have an easy path advancing to the CIF 2AA playoffs .
But the Warriors did just that , capping a memorable week with a 65-60 victory over Beckman Friday night in a third place league playoff game at Woodbridge .
Woodbridge battled back from a 5-point halftime deficit to win .
It was the second consecutive comeback win for the Warriors , who rallied from a 17-point deficit the night before to defeat University , 77-72 , and help force a three-way tie for third place .
Woodbridge opens the playoffs Wednesday night against Cypress .
Beckman defeated University , 103-80 , Friday afternoon to advance into Friday night 's contest about two hours later . The Patriots ( 13-16 ) needed to also defeat Woodbridge to qualify for the CIF playoffs .
“ I have to commend Coach ( John ) Goins and the Beckman staff ; they really raised their level of play from the first round of league and it was fortunate for us that we got the bye and Beckman played the track meet against Uni early , ” said Woodbridge Coach John Halagan . “ They had us buried early again and it took everything we had to withstand that and fight all the way back . ”
Beckman defeated Woodbridge , 102-66 , in a PCL game Feb. 7 at Woodbridge . But the rematch three days later had much more suspense , with the teams tied , 48-48 , going into the final stanza .
“ We go from having 102 scored on us on senior night and ( we have ) one practice , put in a game plan for Uni and had an incredible comeback at Uni to put us in this position , ” Halagan said . “ Two times in two nights , climbing the mountain against a quality opponent to seal a win . When that happens , it 's a collective effort . ”
Mitchell Rausch scored 23 points , including 14 points in the third quarter to lead Woodbridge . Rausch made seven 3-pointers .
“ He just needs to see the ball go in once and it 's on , ” Halagan said .
“ Our team just did n't give up , ” Rausch said . “ Our year , coming up to this , has been up and down . We 've gone through a lot . It was great . All the seniors really stepped up and helped the juniors out and showed them the way . My teammates found me the ball and I was very ( much ) on fire . The hoop looked like the ocean . It was very big . ”
Ty Calhoun scored 13 points and Sebastian Hooshmand added 12 points for Woodbridge . Halagan was also pleased with Calhoun 's defense against Beckman 's top scorer Dylan Thoerner , who was held to 16 points , two below his average .
“ Sebastian Hooshmand came up big in the fourth quarter ; that ' a a senior returning letterman who was really struggling and then the injuries came and some opportunities opened up for him , ” Halagan said . “ I 'm happy for all the guys , they all work hard . ”
Jean-Claude Demont added 8 points for Beckman .
Goins and his players came out of the locker-room to applause from many of the Beckman fans after the game .
“ We came out and held them to five points in the first quarter and we were moving well , ” Goins said . “ We did n't finish a couple plays at the end , a missed layup changes everything and Rausch had a giant third quarter . We were sitting in that zone and we had been successful and he got them back into it .
“ You have to give them credit . Woodbridge has had to make the same climb that we have and they just had a little more in the tank at the end . ”
Thoerner and Aaaron Lambert both had to sit a while in the third quarter with foul trouble which hurt the Patriots .
“ We went from being 0-5 in the first half of league to just riding the wave and I ca n't wait for next year because we 're bringing back 10 of those guys , ” Goins said . “ And we 've got a little bit of size coming back but we 'll play even faster next year .
“ We were there . There are no excuses . We just did n't quite get it , but it was a lot of fun and our boys will remember that little journey . ”
Contact the writer : tiburt @ scng.com
General News of Monday , 14 August 2017
Source : mynewsgh.com
2017-08-14
Otumfuo Osei Tutu II
Otumfuo 's Manwerehene has condemned chiefs who sell lands to illegal miners popularly known as ‘ galamsey ' in recent times hinting that the activities of these miners is affecting the natural environment and that the Otumfuo Osei Tutu II will soon apply sanctions against such persons .
Nana Baffour Osei Hyeamann Brantuo IV in an interview said “ it is illegal and unacceptable for any chief within Asanteman to sell land either belonging to him or not to illegal miners . Such a ruler would be dealt with by state authorities aside the local sanctions to be applied by the Asanteman Traditional Council ” .
He , however , observed that because chiefs are not direct beneficiaries of the mining because they do not earn much money from the activity adding that , “ though chiefs own lands , yet resources beneath it directly belong to the nation . Anybody who does that has committed a crime and he is stealing from the government ” .
He appealed to state authorities not to only concentrate on the illegal miners but rather , the so-called bigger mining companies which have been issued with licenses to mine the resources of the country .
“ If Obuasi Gold Mine is depleting our resources without any compensation and good deal to benefit the country , then am afraid we have a lot to do as a country .
Every week , they extract pure gold and export them by plane and we do n't even know where it goes . Just because they have invested do not mean they have the right to take away what belongs to us . When Ghanaian does the same thing with unconventional means , it becomes illegal ” , he stressed .
SPECIAL EVENTS
Future Filmmakers Camp , July 9-20 , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tweens and teens can learn how to make films on their smartphones . Enroll online . Fee $ 1350 for 2 weeks includes film equipment that students get to keep . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Summer Camp at Westport Historical Society , 25 Avery Pl. , Westport . The camp is for children ages 7-12 . Each week-long session meets from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. and features a special theme , including a day-long field trips to Adams Academy , the Compo Beach and Wilton Historical Society along with an end of camp Friday celebration . The camp dates are New World Explorers , June 25-29 , History Detectives , Aug.13-17 , Global Archaeologists , Aug. 20-24 : Aug. 20-24 . Info : westporthistory.org
NATURE
The Maritime Aquarium at Norwalk , 10 North Water St. , Norwalk ; 203-852-0700 or maritimeaquarium.org ; open daily , 10-5 ( closed Thanksgiving and Christmas ) ; sharks , seals , river otters , sea turtles , jellies and more than 100 other species ; Marine Lab , Ocean Playspace for toddlers , seal feedings at 11:45 a.m. and 1:45 and 3:45 p.m. daily . Fish Tales for preschoolers , Fri. , 10:15-11 a.m .
Connecticut Audubon Society Center at Fairfield , 2325 Burr St. , Fairfield ; adm. $ 2/adults , $ 1/children ; 203-259-6305 x109 or ctaudubon.org : 155-acre wildlife sanctuary , 7 miles of trails through woodlands , streams , meadows , marshes , ponds , open daily dawn to dusk ; Birds of Prey compound ; nature center w/exhibits and Nature Store , open Mon.-Sat. , 10-3 .
New Canaan Nature Center , 144 Oenoke Ridge , New Canaan , 203-966-9577 ; satellite site for NY Botanical Garden programs ( 800-322-6924 ) ; buildings open Mon.-Sat. , 9-4 ( closed major holidays ) ; Saturday Explorers Club , 2 Sat./month for ages 6 and up and families , 1:30-2:45 ; First Saturdays , 1st Sat . of the month , free guided activities for visitors , 10 a.m.-1 p.m. ; Free Live Animal Presentations , Sat . at 3 , lasting 15-20 min. , dif . animal each week .
Darien Nature Center , 120 Brookside Rd . ; free adm. Mon.-Fri. , 9-4 ; Sat. , 9-1 ; 203-655-7459 : Ongoing exhibits .
Devil 's Den/Lucius Pond Ordway Preserve , a Nature Conservancy property , 33 Pent Rd. , Weston ; open dawn too dusk to passive recreation ; 20 miles of trails ; info. , concerns , 860-455-0716 ; natureconservancy.org .
Woodcock Nature Center , 56 Deer Run Rd. , Wilton ; center open 9:30-5 , Tues.-Sat. , two-plus miles of trails open daily , dawn to dusk ; reg . in advance for programs , 203-762-7280 ; www.woodcocknature center.org .
Audubon Greenwich , 528 Riversville Rd. , Greenwich ; program fees : $ 5/adults , $ 3/children , srs . ( incl . adm. to Center & Grounds ) ; trails open dawn to dusk weekends ; Kimberlin Nature Center open daily , 9-5 ; nature store open Tues.-Sat. , 9-5 ; 203-869-5272 or email [ email protected ]
Stepping Stones Museum , 303 West Ave. , Norwalk ; open daily 10-5 , Memorial Day-Labor Day , and Tues.-Sun. , Labor Day through Memorial Day ; adm. $ 15/adults and children ( under 1 , free ) , $ 10/srs . ; Early Childhood Classes for ages 6 mon.-6 yrs . and After School Adventures for grades 3-12 , reg . online ; other ongoing events ; Around the World Creative Kids , programs Sat . at 2 ; steppingstonesmuseum.org or call 203-899-0606 .
Stamford Museum and Nature Center , 39 Scofieldtown Rd. , Stamford ; adm. $ 10/adults , $ 8/srs . ( 65+ ) , $ 6/students ( 18+ valid ID ) , $ 5/children 4-17 ; 203-322-1646 or www.stamfordmuseum.org : Heckscher Farm , daily , 9-5 ( Heckscher WILD ! new live exotic animal exhibit ) ; Bendel Mansion ( main building ) , Mon.-Sat. , 9-5 , Sun. , 11-5 .
Earthplace , The Nature Discovery Center , 10 Woodside Lane , Westport ; open Mon.-Sat. , 9-5 , Sun. , 1-4 ( closed major holidays ) ; adm. $ 7/adults , $ 5/ages 1-12 & srs . ; free adm. to trails and property , daily 7 a.m.-dusk ; interactive nature museum , live wildlife ; Story and Animal Program , Thur.-Fri. , 10-10:30 a.m. , age 5 and younger , free w/adm . ; Nature Encounters , every Sat . at 2:30 , free w/adm . ; Animal Feeding , Mon. , Wed. , Fri. at 11 a.m. , Animal Hall , and Tues. , Thurs. , Sat. , Birds of Prey at 4 p.m. , free w/adm . ; 203-227-7253 ; earthplace.org .
Connecticut 's Beardsley Zoo , 1875 Noble Ave. , Bridgeport ; open daily 9-4 ; adults $ 14 , children 3-11 and seniors , $ 11 , under 3 , free ; beardsleyzoo.org . Amazing Animal Adventures , every Thurs.-Sun. , 10-2 . Picnic Presentations , every Thurs.-Sun. , noon .
EverWonder Children 's Museum , 31 Pecks Lane , Newtown ; open Tues.-Sat. , 10 a.m.-5 p.m. , Sun. , 11 a.m.-5 p.m. ; adm. $ 7 for visitors older than 1 ; info. , everwondermuseum.org : Story Lab for Young Explorers Tues. and Thurs. , 10:30-11 a.m. New Art Lab projects , Straw Logic Puzzles and Life Cycle Crowns . EverWonder has joined Blue Star Museums , collaboration that offers free adm. to active duty military personnel and their families from Memorial Day through Labor Day .
The Discovery Museum , 4450 Park Ave. , Bridgeport ; discoverymuseum.org or 203-372-3521 ; Tues.-Sun. , 10-5 ; open Mon . for most school holidays , plus school and homeschool groups with a reservation ; museum and planetarium , $ 10 adults , $ 8 children , seniors , students , free under 2 ; Challenger Learning Center , simulated space missions for groups 15-30 , res . required ( schools , scouts , corporate team building , birthday parties ) ; scout science badge classes ; exhibits and daily Planetarium shows ; weekend workshops . Snowflake Festival Week , Dec. 27-Dec. 30 .
Wolf Conservation Center , South Salem , N.Y. ; adv . reg . required , nywolf.org .
MUSEUMS , Etc .
The Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Art , open Sun. , Mon. , Wed. , Thurs. , and Friday : 12 to 5 p.m. , Sat. , 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 29-Sept. 4 , Sun. , 12-4 ; $ 10/adults and $ 5/srs . ; free adm. for full-time teachers and students in grades K-12 , and for active-service military families ; free for all on Tuesdays ; 203-438-4519 or aldrichart.org : Group tours avail . by appointment , 203-438-4519 or email [ email protected ] Spotlight tours every Mon . and third Sat . of each month , 1-2 p.m. ; Third Saturdays Family Workshops , free , 10-noon for ages 2-5 , 1 to 3 p.m. for ages 6-10 . Third Saturdays , free arts activities and tour of exhibits . Afternoon Studios : Plantable Paper , April 9 , 2-4 p.m . Studio Tots : Spring Has Sprung , April 10 , 10 a.m. Little Living Landscapes , April 11 , 9-5 p.m . Afternoon Studios : Agricultural Animals , April 12 , 2-4 p.m . Afternoon Studios : Terracotta Planters , April 13 , 2-4 p.m. Glass Bending Workshop , April 19 , 5:30-7 p.m. Register for programs online .
Keeler Tavern Museum , 132 Main St. , Ridgefield ; 203-438-5485 or keelertavernmuseum.org ; open 1-4 p.m. , Sat. , Sun. , & Wed. , last tour at 3:30 ; closed during January ; Feb. 1-Dec. 31 ; $ 8/adults , $ 5/srs. , youth under 18 and students w/ID ; 300 years of Ridgefield history .
New Canaan Historical Society , 13 Oenoke Ridge ( Rte . 124 ) , in the Town House Gallery ; Tues.-Fri. , 9:30-4:30 , Sat. , 9:30-12:30 ; 203-966-1776 or nchistory.org : Americans at Play , how people spent their leisure time in the late 1800s and 1900s , and the sport attire that went along with their favorite pastimes ; From the Archives : D. Putnam Brinley , works by the impressionist and mural painter .
Ridgefield Guild of Artists , Halpin Lane ; 203-438-8863 : classes for kids , teens and adults , call for info . or visit website , rgoa.org .
Brookfield Craft Center , 286 Whisconier Rd . ; brookfieldcraft.org : classes , open studios in clay , fiber , glass , jewelry , metal . Gallery Shop open Sat. , 11-6 , and Sun. , 11-5 . Blacksmithing , bladesmithing , jewelry making , glass arts , ceramics , weaving and fiber arts , woodturning and more . Info : brookfieldcraft.org or 203-775-4526 .
Weir Farm National Historic Site , 735 Nod Hill Rd. , Wilton , 203-834-1896 or www.nps.gov/wefa : grounds open daily dawn to dusk ; art programs , Junior Ranger activities , visitor center , museum store , historic house and studios ; open Wed.-Sun . 10-4 ( May 1-Oct. 31 ) ; Weir House Tours , offered Wed.-Sun . at 11 a.m. , 1 , 2 , and 3 p.m. ( May 1-Oct. 31 ) , reg . required ; group tours and field trips offered , reg . required .
Wilton Historical Society , 224 Danbury Road ( Route 7 ) , 203-762-7257 : period rooms in the Betts-Sturges-Blackmar House , Betts Store , offering unique American-made items , from fine art to jewelry , books to redware , toys and more ; gift shop ; Tues.-Sat. , 10-4 .
The Bruce Museum , One Museum Drive , Greenwich ; brucemuseum.org or 203-869-0376 : $ 10/adults , $ 8/students and seniors , free/under 5 , free adm. for all every Tues. ; Docent-led Exhibition Tour Tues. , 1:30 p.m. , and Fri. , 12:30 p.m. ; Marine Tank Animal Feeding , every Tues. and Fri. , 2:30-2:45 p.m. Bruce Beginnings . Family Gallery Tours . Art Adventures .
Greenwich Historical Society , Bush-Holley Historic Site , 39 Strickland Rd. , Cos Cob ; open Fri.-Sun. , 12-4 ( docent-led tours at 1 , 2 and 3 ) ; 203-869-6899 , ext . 10 or www.hstg.org ; adm. to gallery , visitor ctr . & house museum , $ 10/adults , $ 8/srs . and students , under 6 free ( half-price on opening day ) ; group tours at $ 7/person avail . on public and non-public days ; library and archives open Wed.-Thur. , 10-4 ; adm. offices open Mon.-Fri. , 9-5 ; gallery hours Wed.-Sun. , 12-4 .
Danbury Railway Museum , 120 White St. , Danbury ; 203-778-8337 ; danburyrail.org : adm. $ 6 per person , age 3 and up ; Train Rides $ 3 extra ( weekends April-Nov. ) ; call for special events adm. rates ; winter hours : Wed.-Sat. , 10-4 , Sun. , 12-4 ; ( summer hours : Mon.-Sat. , 10-5 , Sun. , 12-5 ) ; tour vintage equipment such as 1907 steam engine , 1910 Railway Post Office car , 1973 caboose , 1953 Rail Diesel Car ; vintage diesels on display .
Fairfield Museum and History Center , 370 Beach Rd. , behind the old Town Hall ; open daily , 10-4 ; research library open Tues.-Fri. , 10-4 ; adults , $ 5 , students w/ ID , $ 3 , children 5 and under , free . Info : www.fairfieldhs.org or 203-259-1598 .
Barnum Museum , 820 Main Street , Bridgeport ; 203-331-1104 x100 or visit barnum-museum.org : Recovery in Action , Thur.-Fri. , 11-3 , free adm. , enter through double doors at rear of historic building .
John Jay Homestead State Historic Site , Rte . 22 , Katonah , N.Y. ; 914-232-5651 or www.johnjayhomestead.org : guided tours offered Tues.-Sat. , 10-4 ; Sun. , 11-4 ; $ 7/adults , $ 5/srs. , students , free up to age 12 .
Katonah Museum of Art , open Tues.-Sat. , 10-5 , Sun . 12-5 ; adm. $ 10 ; srs . ( 60+ ) and students , $ 5 ; under 12/free ; Rte . 22/134 Jay St. , Katonah , N.Y. , 914-232-9555 , www.katonahmuseum.org .
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville , Va. , Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter 's life — and , with voice occasionally quavering , called on people to answer hate with forgiveness .
`` My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that , '' the Sharpes , Fla. , resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview . `` With her , it was n't lip service . It was real . ''
Just two days earlier , a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally , killing Heyer 's daughter Heather , 32 , and wounding 19 other people . Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack , saying `` such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred . ''
The man allegedly behind the wheel , James Alex Fields Jr. , had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas , according to a former teacher . Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run .
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that 's `` twisted into something negative '' in its own right , Mark Heyer told the local newspaper .
`` People need to stop hating , and they need to forgive each other . And I include myself in that , in forgiving the guy that did this , '' he said . `` He does n't know any better . You know , I just think of what the Lord said on the cross . Lord forgive him , they do n't know what they 're doing . ''
In this respect , he said he aspires to follow his daughter 's example .
`` You know , my daughter 's life — she 's ... '' he paused , searching for words . `` I 'm proud of her for standing up . She had more courage than I did . She had more courage than I did . She had a stubborn backbone . She thought she was right . She would stand there and defy you .
`` But if I understand her , '' he added , `` she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction . ''
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend , Heather 's mother , Susan Bro , also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a `` very strong sense of right and wrong . ''
`` It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard , to speak up when injustices were happening , '' Bro said , `` and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given . ''
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed , along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S . In Seattle and New York City , Atlanta and in Grand Rapids , Mich. , demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and , in the words of one protester , `` resist it fearlessly . ''
`` I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people 's hearts , '' Mark Heyer said . `` You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff , but when you take your last breath , it 's over . It 's done !
`` You 're going to take away what a person has and everything else they 're going to have . There is no more — not here , you know , '' he added . `` And that 's — that 's pretty much all I got , brother . ''
Kundali Bhagya 4 July 2018 Full Episode Written Updates : Karan and Preeta reach the hospital and Prithvi sees them . He tries calling Sherlyn to inform her but the doctor picks up the phone .
In the previous episode , Sherlyn convinces the doctor to abort her pregnancy . Neel 's brother calls Prithvi and demands more money from him in order to bail him out . Karan and Preeta reach the hospital but Prithvi sees them fighting outside . He is alerted .
9:30pm- Prithvi hangs up on the phone when he sees Karan and Preeta outside . Sherlyn asks Sameer for the phone charger as her phone 's battery has drained out but he wants Karan to listen to the audio in which Sherlyn 's mom indicates that she knows about her and Preeta . However , the audio is not complete . Sameer asks Srishti to go and talk to Preeta and Karan . Sameer asks Akshay where Karan is but he refuses to have seen him .
9:34pm- The doctor refuses to go ahead with the abortion as she tells her that her life will be in danger if she goes ahead with the abortion . She asks her to tell everyone about her pregnancy as they can anyway not abort the baby . Karan and Preeta go inside the hospital . The nurse at the reception asks for his autograph and Preeta asks Karan to concentrate on the work they 've come for . The nurse , when asked , gives Preeta the details of Sherlyn 's whereabouts . Prithvi tries to think of a way to escape without coming in contact with Karan and Preeta .
9:41pm- Prithvi calls on Sherlyn 's mobile and narrates the entire plan without realising that the doctor has picked up the call . The doctor reprimands him and hangs up . She tells Sherlyn about the call and asks her to be careful with him and that she is ready to help her in case she needs her help .
9:45pm- Karan and Preeta enter into a verbal brawl as Karan wants her to accept that she feels jealous when other girls surround him . Preeta disagrees .
9:58pm- Prithvi calls Sherlyn and tells her that Karan and Preeta are in the hospital and asks her to play her charm and get the doctor tight lipped .
For all the latest Entertainment News , download NewsX App
Read More
“ I know things that other people do n't know… . You 'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday ” – Donald Trump on Alleged Russian Hacking
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump says that he knew “ things that other people do n't know ” about the Russian hacking . He promised that the information would be revealed “ on Tuesday or Wednesday ” . Speaking outside his Palm Beach , Florida club , Mar-a-Lago during a New Year party , Trump who expressed lingering skepticism about intelligence assessments of Russian interference in [ … ]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) -- They are called the Golden State Warriors , but they do n't belong to all of California . Not if you ask Oakland .
The down-on-its-luck city that always seems to take a back seat to San Francisco will get a rare to sit back and celebrate itself Thursday in a parade and rally for the hometown Golden State Warriors and their second NBA championship in three years .
They have a lot to cheer for . The Warriors made one of the great playoff runs of all time . They went 15-1 in the postseason , with sweeps in the first three round before beating LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers in five games in the finals .
And it came a year after an epic disappointment when the team blew a 3-1 lead against those same Cavaliers despite the best regular season in NBA history .
'' We learned from everything we 've been through , '' the team 's star guard Stephen Curry said during the trophy celebration Monday . '' Our perspective , being blessed to play on this stage three years in a row , it 's for these fans , for our organization , for these families . ''
Residents of Oakland , which recently learned it 's losing one of its other beloved teams , the Raiders , to Las Vegas , are still reeling from a police scandal and mourning a deadly warehouse fire .
But Thursday the city will make headlines for good news .
They get to celebrate Curry , fellow guard Klay Thompson , Coach Steve Kerr , and finals MVP Kevin Durant , who unlike the others will be in his first championship parade .
'' It 's just a great group of guys , great community , great arena , great fans , '' Durant said after the Warriors clinched the title . '' I 'm just so happy to be a part of it . ''
The parade through downtown Oakland will follow the same route as the one celebrating the 2015 NBA title .
It will start at 10 a.m. at Broadway and 11th Street , wind through downtown streets and end with a procession to the Henry J. Kaiser Convention Center on Lake Merritt .
Fans have spent the week snapping up championship shirts and hats as crews have been hanging gold and blue banners along the parade route .
Spectators can line up for the parade and rally as soon at 5 a.m. , and taking public transportation is encouraged .
SEOUL , Korea , Republic Of — Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills that infuriate North Korea will begin on April 1 , the allies said Tuesday , but they will likely be more low-key than past years ahead of two highly anticipated summits among the countries ' leaders .
This year 's drills were postponed during the Pyeongchang Olympics , which saw rare co-operative steps between the rival Koreas after months of confrontation over the North 's weapons programs . North Korea considers the exercises an invasion rehearsal and often conducts weapons tests in protest .
After post-Olympics talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , South Korean officials said Kim indicated he would accept the manoeuvrs . Kim also offered to meet personally with President Donald Trump to discuss giving up his nuclear weapons on unspecified terms , and Trump quickly agreed to meet Kim by the end of May . Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in are to meet separately in late April .
In a brief statement , the Pentagon said Defence Secretary Jim Mattis and his South Korean counterpart , Song Young-moo , agreed to go forward with the two sets of exercises , known as Foal Eagle and Key Resolve , “ at a scale similar to ” that of previous years . North Korea has been notified of the schedule “ as well as the defensive nature ” of the exercises , the Pentagon said .
South Korea 's Defence Ministry released a near-identical statement .
A ministry official , speaking on condition of anonymity because of department rules , said there are no immediate plans to bring in American strategic assets such as aircraft carriers , nuclear-powered submarines or supersonic B-1B bombers during this spring 's training . The United States sent such assets during past drills when tensions ran high .
The exercises begin with Foal Eagle , a field training drill that will last about four weeks , compared with its typical two-month run . The other drill , known as Key Resolve , is a computer-simulated command post exercise and is scheduled to start around the middle of April for a usual two-week run , the South Korean official said .
“ These are low-key drills . Now it 's a dialogue mode so they are trying to keep pace with that , ” said Choi Kang , vice-president of Seoul 's Asan Institute for Policy Studies .
Choi said North Korea may respond by issuing a relatively mild diatribe but will likely avoid conducting weapons tests that could disrupt its recent outreach to Washington and Seoul .
The timing and size of the annual manoeuvrs are especially sensitive this year because of heightened worry over the North 's accelerated work last year on a nuclear-armed missile potentially capable of reaching the United States . This was followed , unexpectedly , by prospects for a diplomatic solution to the nuclear crisis .
“ To avoid compromising exercise objectives , specifics regarding the exercise scenarios will not be discussed , ” said a Pentagon spokesman , Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan . He said the purpose is to enhance the ability of the U.S.-South Korean alliance to defend South Korean territory .
The planned summit meetings have raised hopes for a potential breakthrough in the North Korean nuclear crisis . But many experts say tensions will flare again if the summits fail to make any progress and leave the nuclear issue with few diplomatic options .
A main sticking point in U.S.-North Korea talks would be what nuclear disarmament steps Kim would promise in return for what concessions from the United States and whether Trump would accept them .
——
Burns reported from Washington .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
By Jason Keidel
Super Bowl LII
Philadelphia Eagles ( 15-3 ) vs. New England Patriots ( 15-3 )
Sunday , February 4 , 6:30 pm ET
One more game , the game , four quarters to distill six months and decide the winner of the NFL for the 2017 season . Super Bowl LII features the New England Patriots , the classic chalk and talk of football for the last 17 years , making a league-record 10th trip to the Super Bowl , and the eighth since Bill Belichick and Tom formed the most famous and successful HC-QB tandem in history .
The Pats play the Philadelphia Eagles , the ultimate upstart , faces covered with German Shepherd masks to remind us how long they 've been overlooked and underdogs . They 've long been a forlorn franchise , making its third trip to the Super Bowl , looking for their first Lombardi Trophy , and first NFL title since they beat Vince Lombardi , himself , in 1960 .
First , the bad news for the underdog Eagles . The Pats under Brady and Belichick are 4-1 against the Eagles . The Pats have a combined 73 Super Bowls played among their players . The Eagles have eight . Tom Brady has thrown more playoff touchdowns ( 68 ) than Nick Foles has tossed in his entire career ( 61 ) . The Pats have beaten every team not from the Meadowlands , and every QB not named Eli Manning .
> > MORE : NFL Playoffs : Super Bowl Picks
The good news for the Eagles is the NFL 's leading passer is 0-5 when he reaches the Super Bowl . Brady led the league in passing yards in 2017 . The other good news is of the Pats ' prior seven Super Bowls this century , they opened none with a TD drive . In fact , Brady has yet to lead the Pats on a scoring drive of any kind in the first quarter of any of his Super Bowls . It belies their regular season efficiency , as the Patriots have scored a FG or TD in nine opening drives during the 2017 season , going 7-2 in those games . Just further proof the Super Bowl is exalted and accelerated , even for a veteran-hardened team like New England .
The bad news for the Eagles is the Patriots have scored 77 points combined in the fourth quarter and overtime during those games , which is why they 've won five of seven , including that biblical comeback last year against Atlanta . The Pats have also toppled the Eagles in the Super Bowl , 13 years ago , a game the Eagles could have won but ran out of gas in the fourth quarter , which fueled some ugly postgame backbiting , led by Terrell Owens , who called out QB Donovan McNabb for coming up lame and sick , heaving and vomiting over the last few minutes of the game .
So as soon as the Eagles soothe their Super Bowl jitters — a very real thing , any player will tell you — the sooner they can get to putting it on the Pats , much the way Atlanta did last year , before forgetting they had the lead , the clock , and Devonta Freeman running the ball . The Eagles are aggressive on both sides of the ball . By any objective measure , they have a deeper and more talented roster , a better offensive and defensive line , and a better overall defense .
> > MORE : Keidel : Super Bowl 52 , By The Numbers
The Patriots are five-point favorites for two reasons — Brady and Belichick — and their combined wisdom , experience , talent and temerity . On paper , the Eagles seem to have the edge . Of course , the Super Bowl is played on a football field , albeit and neutral field , not in theory or with computerized algorithms . Another level of New England 's gridiron genius is their perseverance , patience , and absolute allergy to making big mistakes . Many times the Patriots win games just by making fewer errors . We 've often heard that teams lose games more than win them , which has been the ultimate science behind the Patriots ' playoff success .
If we look at the playoffs , no one can doubt that the Eagles have looked exponentially better . Philadelphia has put forward record-setting defense in January , top five all-time in average playoff points per game against a team in the Super Bowl era . The Eagles D has yielded 17 points so far in the postseason , averaging 8.5 points per game . Only the 2000 Giants and 2000 Ravens have been more stingy to this point than the 2017 Eagles .
Of course , the Pats are harder to kill than Michael Myers , Jason Voorhees , and Freddy Krueger combined . Even when you have the symbolic boot on their throat , you 'd better grind until life leaves their eyes , there 's no breathing , and no pulse . Just ask Atlanta . If the Eagles jump out front , they have the defense to make it stick , and Foles has proved he 's got enough talent and temerity to avoid the big gaffe that felled the Seahawks and Falcons before them .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
This iteration of the Eagles may be more beloved than any in history . More than the Dick Vermeil squads , more than the Reggie White club , led by the ornery Buddy Ryan . This is not just the most cherished team , but also the best in franchise history . How many premature postmortems must we write about these Eagles before we finally realize they refuse to die ?
Prediction : Eagles win , 26-24
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . He is a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . He made his bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow him on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
A machete-wielding man caught inside a car slashed the car 's owner on the neck during a confrontation on Sunday , Allentown police said .
The car 's owner then stabbed Cristian Santiago Perez in the chest during the struggle between the two men , police said .
Both men were taken to an area hospital for treatment , Alsleben said .
On Monday , two counts of aggravated assault were filed against 19-year-old Santiago Perez in district court . The teen , who lives in the 800 block of North Ulster Street in the city , has not been arraigned yet in the case .
2 taken to hospital in Allentown street stabbing , cops say
Police said the owner of a black Mercedes-Benz went to his car at about 7 p.m. Sunday in the 800 block of Godfrey Street .
The owner saw a man , later identified as Santiago Perez , inside the car and confronted him , according to police .
Santiago Perez slashed the owner on the neck , the two struggled and the victim stabbed Santiago-Perez in the chest , police said .
One of the men was found by officers bleeding at Graham and Allen streets , police previously said .
Santiago Perez reportedly told police he got into a fight with the victim , slashed the victim and was then stabbed .
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow her on Twitter @ SarahCassi . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Chimamanda ‘ s view over Hillary Clinton 's bio sets twitter on fire
Nigerian writer , Chimamanda Adichie is in the news again for her feminist views for being ` upset ' by former US Presidential candidate , Hillary Clinton 's usage of ` wife ' on her Twitter bio .
Adichie , who is a renowned feminist fighting for the equality of male and female genders , asked the question at a PEN World Voices Festival lecture .
She set twitter on fire when she said that Hillary Clinton seemed to describe herself as a function of her husband , Bill Clinton .
Reacting to the interview , some Nigerians felt she took her feminism too far , adding that the question was intrusive and Hillary has a choice on her view on being addressed as a ‘ Wife ' .
Meanwhile , some others argued that the question was necessary for women to understand that they have to celebrate their achievements , not just on the home front , just like men .
Adichie to Hillary ; “ In your Twitter account , the first word that describes you is ‘ Wife . ' And then I think its ‘ Mom , ' and then it 's ‘ Grandmother . ”
“ And when I saw that , I have to confess that I felt just a little bit upset .
And then I went and I looked at your husband 's Twitter account , and the first word was not ‘ husband , ” Adichie said .
She was curious as to why with all of Clinton 's career accomplishments ; did her Twitter bio primarily identify her as a “ Wife ” .
Bill Clinton 's Twitter bio leads with , ‘ Founder , Clinton Foundation and 42nd President of the United States ' .
Adichie wanted to know if it was Clinton 's choice to first identify in relation to her husband , and if so , why ?
“ When you put it like that , I 'm going to change it , ” Clinton said , prompting roars from the crowd .
However , Clinton had pretty good explanation for why ‘ Wife ' kicked- off her bio , which is that women should be able to celebrate both their accomplishments and their relationships .
Here are some of the reactions :
Popular blogger Linda Ikeji wrote @ lindaikeji : I 'm a big advocate for women empowerment , rights and indepencence but when I do marry , I 'd proudly describe myself as a wife & proudly add my husband 's name to mine .
“ Proudly ! if you do n't believe in that as a woman , that 's fine too # differentstrokesfordifferentfolks , ''
@ Linesandtimes tweeted , “ Chimamanda said she was a bit upset by Hillary Clinton 's bio . Her intolerance for anything that does not align with her idea of feminism is really tragic .
“ A woman can be defined as anything she wants to be seen as , what 's important is that it 's her choice . ”
@ Txtwistatornado wrote , “ Lol I read the article , and I think it was great . I do n't think she disgraced Nigeria at all .
“ She got Hillary Clinton to re-evaluate the message she sends to women . I believe in a happy medium as a woman so I 'm good with this interview.IMO ”
@ SeunxTemi tweeted , “ Not going to read all these . This is someone 's personal life Chimamanda thinks she has the right to criticize in such an unwarranted manner .
“ Hilary Clinton is a Queen and what her bio states should n't diminish her numerous accomplishments . ”
@ Realcalmday said , “ If Hilary Clinton had a problem with what Chimamanda asked her , I believe she would 've said so . Why are you people carrying the matter on your heads ? ”
@ Chinewubeze_mc wrote , “ Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie went too far with this her feminism issue during her interview with Hilary Clinton today . ”
@ Pengasonconcept tweeted , “ So happy about how Hilary Clinton clarified Chimamanda on the true meaning of feminism .
“ Just because a woman is up to the same task as an average man on earth does n't stop them from knowing their true responsibilities in life . ”
NAN reports that Adichie 's feminism campaign has been a pivotal crux of her writing as her characters centre around powerful women who are usually dwarfed by the patriarchal system in their environments .
Her TedX talk ‘ We Should All Be Feminists ' was sampled on American singer Beyonce 's hit song ‘ Flawless ' and was also part of Beyonce 's performance routine at 2018 Coachella .
In 2017 , Adichie released a small book titled – ‘ Dear Ijeawele or A Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions ' .
Recently , her novel ‘ Americanah ' , was recognised as one of 15 remarkable books by women that are shaping the way fiction was being written and read in the 21st century . ”
NAN
The post Chimamanda ‘ s view over Hillary Clinton 's bio sets twitter on fire appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The president of the Maldives said Saturday that he was willing to hold an early presidential election to allow voters to decide who they want to lead the Indian Ocean archipelago , as political unrest continued to grow after a court ordered the release and retrial of political prisoners .
Speaking publicly for the first time since Thursday 's Supreme Court order to release politicians opposed to him , including exiled former President Mohammed Nasheed , President Yameen Abdul Gayoom said he was open to holding an election several months before his term ends next November .
In addition to ordering the release of the political prisoners , the court also reinstated 12 lawmakers who had been ousted for switching allegiance to the opposition . When those lawmakers return , Yameen 's Progressive Party of the Maldives will lose its majority in the 85-member parliament , which can result in the legislative body functioning as a rival power to the president .
The opening of the Parliament for the year on Feb. 5 has been indefinitely postponed , opposition lawmaker Ahmed Mahloof said . He says the government 's fear of losing their majority could be the reason for the postponement .
Yameen said that he did not expect the court ruling , but that all relevant authorities of the state need to do `` a lot of work to see how to implement it . ''
`` We are working on making sure we can respect the Supreme Court order in a way that does n't cause any difficulties to the people , '' he said at a rally in his support organized by his Progressive Party of the Maldives .
Earlier on Saturday , Yameen fired a national police chief for the second time since the court order . Yameen 's office said he dismissed Ahmed Saudhee and appointed Deputy Police Commissioner Abdulla Nawaz to act as interim police chief . No reason was given for the dismissal .
Saudhee was appointed interim police chief on Friday , one day after Yameen fired Ahamed Areef , whose dismissal came after the police department announced that it would uphold the Supreme Court 's order . Attorney General Mohamed Anil said Areef was fired because Yameen was repeatedly unable to reach him on the phone .
The court 's ruling , which said the dissident political leaders ' guilty verdicts were politically influenced , has led to protests by opposition supporters urging the government to obey the order .
Protesters late Friday and early Saturday converged on a prison in the capital , Male , where the politicians are being held , demanding their immediate release , but police forced them to leave . They then moved to another location for a sit-in protest that was also broken up . Journalists were kept away from both events by police .
After the court 's ruling was made public , street celebrations by government opponents transformed into three hours of clashes with police , who used tear gas and batons to break up the gatherings .
United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres asked the Maldivian government to respect the Supreme Court 's order , his spokesman 's office said .
`` The secretary-general reiterates his belief in finding a solution to the political stalemate in the Maldives through all-party talks , which the United Nations continues to stand ready to facilitate , '' the office said in a statement .
Known for its luxury tourist resorts , the Maldives became a multiparty democracy 10 years ago after decades of autocratic rule by the current president 's half-brother , strongman Maumoon Abdul Gayoom .
But the nation lost much of its democratic gains after Yameen was elected in 2013 . He has maintained a tight grip on power , controlling institutions such as the judiciary and the police .
Yameen had been set to run for re-election this year virtually unopposed , with all of his opponents either jailed or exiled .
On Friday , Nasheed , whose conviction for abducting a judge was overturned by the court order , said he would mount a fresh challenge for the presidency this year .
Nasheed was sentenced to 13 years in prison after he was convicted of the abduction charge under the Maldives ' anti-terror laws in a trial that was widely condemned by international rights groups .
———
Associated Press writer Bharatha Mallawarachi in Colombo , Sri Lanka , contributed to this report .
Savage Prefit 30-06 10T 27 '' 0.780 '' Small Shank $ 165 shipped
It is a small/standard shank 27 '' , 10 twist , 0.780 at the muzzle , with a semi gloss blue finish .
Home
Attached Files :
Call , text west coast time or PM
Chris ( 661 ) 373-5536 I got this from Bison Gun Works for a build but my state is lead free now so I need a faster twist.It is a small/standard shank 27 '' , 10 twist , 0.780 at the muzzle , with a semi gloss blue finish.Attached Files : Call , text west coast time or PMChris ( 661 ) 373-5536 Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
__________________
Hoodlums attack Oluwo 's palace
Some armed miscreants yesterday attacked the Oluwo of Iwo in Osun State , Oba Adewale Akanbi .
The hoodlums attacked the palace during the installation of Taofeeq Adedimeji Tadese as the pioneer Sooko of Elee Royal House .
It was learnt that the hoodlums axed one of the police officers on guard , Sergeant Ikuesan Taiwo , on the head .
Weapons , such as axes , pistols , stones , clubs and charms were allegedly brandished by youths who invaded the Oluwo 's palace .
The youths , who opposed the new Sooko , threw stones into the palace to stop the ceremony .
But Oba Akanbi instructed the security men to be calm , despite the attack .
One of the miscreants was reportedly arrested and is assisting police investigation .
Despite the security threat , Oba Akanbi installed Tadese as the pioneer Sooko of Elee Royal House in Adagunodo Ruling House .
Prior to the installation , miscreants were said to have positioned themselves with harms to stop the induction of the new Sooko , claiming the Elee compound was not for Oluwo while the majority of the actors were not native of the compound .
Chief Mojirin of Iwo was also allegedly kidnapped by the angry youths at the wee hour of Wednesday for his loyalty to Oluwo .
The police have declared those suspected to be behind the attack wanted for attempted murder , kidnapping and public unrest .
The post Hoodlums attack Oluwo 's palace appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Is America 's national Thoughts and Prayers Strategy ( TAPS ) no longer working ? This is a troubling possibility to consider , but it may be time to ask the question .
Politicians , members of the media , and of course the public , quickly responded to the recent horrific shooting of several people during a baseball game in Alexandria , Virginia , including U.S . Congressman Steve Scalise , with a flurry of “ thoughts & prayers ” . President Donald Trump himself immediately assisted in TAPS efforts with his own tweet indicating that he too was doing his part by thinking about the victims and mentioning them in any communications he had with God .
Unfortunately , there is growing evidence that TAPS may not be delivering the results we would expect from appealing to an omniscient and all-powerful deity . For example , in spite of the well-executed TAPS implementation following the Alexandria incident , there was almost immediately afterwards another tragic shooting in a San Francisco UPS facility , killing two . Cleary something is amiss .
In a typical year , over 13,000 Americans will be killed by guns . To put that into perspective , that is six times more than the total number of American troops killed in Afghanistan over the last 16 years . America 's gun homicide rate is 25 times the average of other developed countries . There is now , typically , one mass shooting per day in the United States . Over the course of the year , 45 of those will be school shootings .
This data is very surprising when you consider the power of beseeching God . You would think parting the Red Sea , or smiting the Egyptians with a plague of frogs , would be far more difficult than just reducing gun violence . It is worth noting , however , that most well-known examples of successful celestial intervention in earthly affairs are over two millennia old . This marked drop-off has gone largely unnoticed in American political circles and may be worth exploring in more depth .
The problem , if indeed there is one , could be denominational . Are Jewish prayers as effective as Protestant prayers when it comes to preventing future shootings , or healing existing victims ? For obvious reasons , we know that the prayers of a southern Baptist will have no prophylactic effects on a Muslim in New Jersey . But will they protect Catholics ? These are questions we should possibly start asking .
Perhaps we are not praying enough . Church attendance is down considerably in the United States . This presumably has a direct impact on both the frequency and quality of prayers . If this turns out to be the issue , the government could look at improving public transit links to places of worship , or perhaps even subsidizing sermons as a means to end gun violence .
The other issue that should be considered is whether the wrong people are praying . For example , when a notoriously adulterous politician tweets out his “ thoughts and prayers ” , does that carry more or less weight than a nun who silently mouths the same words over her rosary ? There really should be better metrics to track this .
Is it possible we are saying the wrong prayers or in the wrong way ? Not enough effort has been made to determine if TAPS is equally effective when tacked on to a press release as it would be as an addendum to the Lord 's Prayer . And , have you noticed that you rarely hear a politician implement TAPS in Greek ( Σκέψεις και προσευχές ) or even Hebrew ( מחשבות ותפילות ) ? Could that be the reason 93 Americans are still dying every day from gun violence ?
There are so many factors that need to be taken into account if we want to get to the bottom of this . Kneeling or not ? Eyes open or closed ? Does incense make a difference ? Out of respect for the hundreds of children who are shot and killed every year in the U.S. , we must answer these questions .
The White House , perhaps in co-operation with some of America 's leading research centers like MIT or Stanford , should launch an urgent nation-wide investigation into why TAPS is not working . A series of randomized control trials in various states would be easy to organize and may produce invaluable data . Likewise , the government could test the TAPS methodology against other pressing issues . Does it help fix America 's crumbling infrastructure ? Can it reduce the deficit ? Will it fix Obamacare ? Has the Pentagon considered a robust prayer response to the North Korean missile program ?
With so many daily deaths , so many unnecessary tragedies , America 's leaders must do whatever is necessary to fix TAPS . If they fail at this , the United States would be forced to consider some very dire alternatives . In the United Kingdom , for example , when they decided thoughts and prayers were no longer working , they had to implement hand gun laws which reduced shooting deaths by over 50 per cent . Likewise , Canada , Australia and Europe neglected TAPS and as result are forced to rely on firearm controls and background checks to keep their gun violence levels at 1/25th those in the United States . If America does n't address the TAPS problem soon , this might happen to them too .
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT & T Goal of the Week nomination process . You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using # ATTGOTW and the player 's name . View all goal clips
ATHENS , Greece ( AP ) — Authorities on the Greek island of Lesbos say they have blocked a ship carrying container homes for refugees and other migrants in protest at the refusal of the government and the European Union to move more people to Greece 's mainland .
A government-chartered ship carrying the containers remained anchored at the island 's main town Monday after municipal vehicles were used to block port facilities . The island 's municipal board was due to meet later Monday to decide on whether to lift the blockade following talks with the government , state-run TV said .
The mayors of five Greek islands facing the coast of Turkey are demanding that the government and EU end a policy of containment for migrants — introduced last year as a deterrent against illegal migration — because living facilities are severely overcrowded .
Bryan Habana announced his retirement earlier this afternoon , bringing down the curtain on what has been a quite extraordinary career .
He 'll forever be remembered as a World Cup winner , with his performances under Jake White back in 2007 playing a large role in the Springboks ' success , and he also racked up two Super Rugbies titled with the Bulls .
Bryan took to Instagram , posting this image :
Along with this caption :
So it 's my turn to say Thank You :
The inevitable moment has come knocking on my door and I 've welcomed it in for a drink . .
It 's been more than a year of hoping , trying , pushing and willing to get back on the field for one last time , to taste the sweet victory or encounter that gut-wrenching despair . To hear the roar of the crowd or grab the pill out of the air . To make that last bone crunching tackle or score that last game winning try . But it 's unfortunately just not to be . I , like most , would have liked my career to have ended differently , but sometimes things do n't turn out quite the way we hope for .
So at the end of this season , it 's time to say goodbye and thank you to the game I so dearly love . .
To try and sum up the past 16 years and how quickly they 've flown by or even begin to describe how amazing the journey has been is impossible . .
I would though like to express my gratitude :
. • First and foremost , to God for blessing me with the talent to play this beautiful game .
• To my wife Janine , Timothy and our newborn Gabriel , for your support , sacrifice and love to follow me to all corners of the earth so that I can pursue my dreams . • To my family and friends , far and wide , who wore their hearts on their sleeves as much as I did .
• To the coaches , team-mates , medical and support staff in all the teams I was involved in .
• To every opponent that made the battle tough and worthwhile .
• To all my sponsors over the years who believed in me enough to support me on the journey .
• To the fans , who make the game what it is .
• To the critics , not to prove you wrong but so that I could prove to myself I could .
• To the media , who take the game to households the world over .
• To the lessons learnt , through the good times and the bad .
• To the friendships made and experiences a plenty .
But most of all to Rugby , because for me it truly is a game made in heaven . .
As a close friend one said : “ memories are all we have. ” And I 'm immensely grateful for the memories I take with me into the next chapter . .
With much respect
BH11
Yesterday we learned that Sean Hannity built a $ 90 million real estate empire facilitated by HUD loans overseen by Ben Carson which allowed his shell companies to purchase foreclosed properties .
Today we learn that the real estate dealer employed by Hannity 's shell companies was convicted of fraud for rigging foreclosure auctions .
The Guardian reports :
In 2012 , a shell company linked to the Fox News host bought 11 homes in Georgia that had been purchased by the dealer , Jeff Brock , following foreclosures . Brock transferred the properties to corporate vehicles that sold them on to the Hannity-linked company at a profit .
Brock pleaded guilty in 2016 to federal charges of bank fraud and conspiracy for his role in an operation to rig foreclosure auctions between 2007 and 2012 . He was sentenced to six months in prison and had to pay more than $ 166,000 in fines and restitution .
Some of the houses sold on to the Hannity-linked firm in 2012 had been acquired by Brock from banks later named by prosecutors among his victims . But the justice department declined to identify specific properties sold in the rigged auctions . Hannity has not been accused of any wrongdoing and there is no evidence he was aware that Brock was involved in fraud .
Hannity released a statement yesterday defending his real estate investments , claiming he was helping needy communities .
NEW YORK — The Brooklyn Nets have hired former NBA player and Argentine guard Pablo Prigioni as an assistant coach .
The Nets also announced Tuesday that former Spurs centre Tiago Splitter was hired as a pro scout .
Prigioni spent most of his professional career in Spain and won a bronze medal with Argentina in the 2008 Olympics before coming to the New York Knicks in 2012 as a 35-year-old rookie . He spent four years in the NBA with the Knicks , Rockets and Clippers .
Splitter helped San Antonio win the 2014 NBA championship before spending the final two seasons of his seven-year career with Atlanta and Philadelphia . The Nets said Splitter , who also played for Brazil 's national team , will have added duties related to player on-court development .
——
For more AP NBA coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Army releases report on alleged killing of Boko Haram , IPOB members
Nigerian Army on Wednesday release​d ​report of a Special Board that probed alleged human rights abuse levelled against its personnel by the Amnesty International ( AI ) . AI had accused the ​A​rmy ​of ​extra-judicial killing of members Boko Haram and the Indigenous People of Biafra ( IPOB ) ​.​ Maj.-Gen. Nuhu Angbazo , Chief of Military/Civil Affairs​ , who presented the findings [ … ]
Army releases report on alleged killing of Boko Haram , IPOB members
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Starrfmonline.com
2017-10-06
Ghana loses 65 thousand hectares of its trees and timber resources each year – Statistics
The Ministry of Lands and Natural Resources has revealed that over 23 , 000 youth will soon be recruited to plant trees .
According to the Lands and Natural Resources ministry , the move is part of the Government 's plan to plant six-thousand hectares of trees every year .
Latest statistics indicate that Ghana loses 65 thousand hectares of its trees and timber resources each year .
About 4.9 million tons of wood is currently being exploited through illegal means and smuggled outside the country .
There are currently fears that the country will not have any locally sawn timber in the next five years .
But the deputy minister of Lands and Natural Resources Benito Owusu-Bio in an interview with Ultimate News said government is employing 23 , 000 young people to work in a number of afforestation projects in designated districts to stem the tide .
“ We are going to recruit 23 , 000 youth in afforestation who are going to be attached to the various district offices and their job will be to plant trees , ” Mr. Owusu-Bio said .
A white elephant gift exchange is a holiday tradition where a group of friends , family members or coworkers exchange useless and wacky gifts during a holiday party .
You can either play by Secret Santa rules or each person draws a number to determine who goes first . The person who draws number one chooses a gift and opens it for everyone to see . Each person after that can either steal an already opened gift from someone before them or he/she can choose an unopened gift .
If a gift is stolen from someone , that person gets to pick another unopened gift . This process continues until the last person has gone . A gift can only be stolen three times so the fourth person to steal it gets to keep it .
Generally this type of holiday exchange is for entertainment so you do not have to spend a lot of money on the gift and the funnier or weirder , the better ! Here are 30 ideas for your white elephant gift exchange this year :
1 . Star Wars Ice Cube Trays
2 . Cat Bingo
3 . Beer Belly Fanny Pack
4 . Human Face Anti-Stress Balls
5 . Drinking Buddies Cocktail/Wine Glass Markers
6 . Crazy Patterned Socks
7 . Selfie Toaster
8 . Bubble Gum Refrigerator Magnets
9 . Foot Hammock
10 . The VERY Embarrassing Book of Dad Jokes
11 . Ugly Christmas Sweater
12 . Toilet Golf
13 . Bacon Flavored Toothpaste
14 . People of Walmart Calendar
15 . Dog Butt Magnets
16 . Horse Head
17 . Googly Eyes Stickers
18 . Microwavable S'mores Maker
19 . Unicorn Onesie
20 . Finger Hands Finger Puppets
21 . Pickle Lip Balm
22 . Adjustable Visor with Spiked Hair
23 . Smuggle Your Booze Sun Sunscreen Lotion Flask
24 . Bubble Wrap Rain Jacket
25 . Prank Pack iArm
26 . Poo-Pourri Toilet Spray
27 . Moose Oven Mit
28 . NapSack Sleep Hood
29 . Meat Maniac Insect & Bug Candy
30 . Holiday Toilet Paper
TEMPE , Ariz. ( AP ) — The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Phoenix ( all times local ) :
10:35 a.m .
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles .
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology .
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night .
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit .
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation .
10:15 a.m .
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber 's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian .
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit .
Sgt . Ronald Elcock says in an email that the accident happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning .
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public .
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months .
Uber says on Twitter that it is `` fully cooperating '' with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim .
Guitarist , singer and songwriter Taylor Scott from Cheyenne talked with Grady Kirkpatrick about his new EP from the Taylor Scott Band - `` A Closer Look , The Second Glance . ''
Portions of songs are edited . For full release of EP go to taylorscottmusic.com . The EP will also be available on iTunes the week of October 26 .
Demopolis City Schools Welcomes Back Students
by George McDonald
From the West Alabama Newsroom–
Monday was the first day of school for students in the Demopolis City School district .
Superintendent Kyle Kallhoff says the new school year got off to a smooth start .
Kallhoff toured all four schools in the district — and says he 's looking forward to a productive school year .
“ Our vision is to be in the top ten in Alabama in every single thing we do . That 's art , athletics , academics , ” said Kallhoff .
“ We 're not there . We 're just above average , but that 's not good enough for us . We want to be better than being the best in the Black Belt . ”
He says the district has added a second First Class Pre-K classroom this year .
And there 's a new principal at Demopolis Middle School .
Demopolis City Schools serves about 2300 students .
Blue/Gray Comforter Set
Reversible Twin Sets
Pem America Twin Set
Pink Full/Queen Set
This is a seriously good deal : Right now you can score three-piece comforter sets from Macy 's for less than $ 20 . Right now , Macy 's has deep discounts on closeout comforter sets . On top of that , they 're offering an extra 15 percent off with the promo code BTS . Since these are closeout items , it looks like these savings can be found ( though you might find different closeout deals at your local Macy 's ! ) . Some good news if you 're a fan of shopping in person : The extra 15 percent off is good for both in-store and online purchases . Thepromo code is good for 15 percent off select shoes , coats , suits , dresses , lingerie , women 's swimwear , suit separates , sport coats and home items . A quick note : The promo code will only work on select items and items that are on sale or marked as clearance . The same code will also get you an extra 20 percent off select men 's clothing and accessories , juniors and kids items . ( Check out all the restrictions here . ) The promo code is good through Aug. 18 . And now , without further ado , here are some of the three-piece comforter sets we found on deep discount.This blue and gray striped comforter set is just $ 18.69 ( regularly $ 80 ) after all the Macy 's discounts . You can snag a full or queen size set in this pattern.This Jessica Sanders two-piece reversible comforter set for twin beds is also just $ 18.69 ( regularly $ 80 ) after the sales and promo codes.This Pem America reversible twin comforter set is also on sale for $ 18.68 ( regularly $ 80 ) .This bright pink three-piece reversible full/queen set is also on sale for $ 18.69 ( regularly $ 80 ) .
This story originally appeared on Do n't Waste Your Money . Checkout Do n't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life .
LaRue Tactical OBR QD Mount , Lt111 150.00 shipped
Selling my LaRue OBR QD Lt111 that was on my Premier . 34mm rings . It has some wear on it , not perfect . 150.00 shipped .
TEMPE , Ariz. — The death of a woman who was struck by a self-driving Uber SUV as she crossed a street in suburban Phoenix is the event that many in the auto and technology industries had been dreading .
The crash on Sunday night in Tempe marked the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle and could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology .
The crash led Uber to immediately suspend all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg .
Sgt . Ronald Elcock , a Tempe police spokesman , said it 's too early to draw conclusions on blame .
What should I evaluate when considering a new job offer ?
Today , few people stay with one employer until retirement . Instead , it 's likely that at some point during your career , you 'll be searching for a new job . You may be looking for more money , greater career opportunities , or more flexibility . Or you may be forced to look for new employment if your company restructures . Whatever the reason , at some point in your working life you might be faced with a new job offer . Should you take it ? Here are some things to evaluate .
Salary : How does the salary offer stack up against your previous job ? If the offer is less than you expected , find out when you can expect performance reviews and/or pay increases ( a typical company will review your salary at least annually ) . You can compare your salary offer to the salary range for others working in the same industry by looking at salary-related websites . In addition , consider the availability of bonuses , commissions , and/or profit-sharing plans that can increase your total income , and find out whether they 're dependent on your own job performance , the company 's performance , or a combination of both .
Employee benefits : What benefits do the company offer , and how much of the cost will you bear as an employee ? A good employee benefits package can add the equivalent of thousands of dollars to your base pay . Benefits may include a retirement plan ( hopefully with employer matching contributions ) ; health , dental , and vision insurance ; disability , life , and long-term care insurance ; vacation time and sick leave ; flexible spending accounts for health and dependent care expenses ; tuition reimbursement ; student loan assistance ; child-care programs ; transit programs ; counseling services ; pet insurance ; and other miscellaneous benefits .
Personal and professional consequences : Will you be better off financially if you take the job ? Is there schedule flexibility ? Will you need to work a lot of overtime ? Travel extensively ? Consider any related costs of taking the job , such as transportation and day care . Also take a close look at the company 's work environment and culture . You may be getting a good salary and great benefits , but if the work environment does n't suit you , you may want to think twice .
I received a new job offer but the salary is low . Should I make a counteroffer ?
Probably . Getting paid less than you should when starting a new job can affect not only
your current paycheck but also your long-term asset accumulation . For example , the less money you earn , the less you have available to contribute to your retirement plan , and potentially the lower the amount of matching employer contributions you 'll receive if they are offered .
In addition , because your current salary is typically the benchmark for future pay increases and bonuses ( which are often expressed as a percentage of your salary ) , the effect of a pay gap is cumulative . Unless corrected , pay disparities may widen over the course of your career . For example , a low starting salary at job # 1 could serve as a benchmark for your salary at job # 2 , which could serve as a benchmark for your salary at job # 3 , and so on .
To determine whether the salary offer is competitive , research and compare salaries based on industry or company standards . You can look at salary-related websites to get an idea of a typical salary range for someone in the same occupation , in your geographical location , with your education , experience , and skills .
If the salary offer is low , go back to the company and articulate your strengths . What skills and qualities will you bring to the table ? State the amount of money you want . Make it clear that if the company accepts your terms , you are willing and able to accept its offer immediately .
What happens next ? There are three possible scenarios . First , the company might accept your counteroffer . Second , it may reject your counteroffer , either because company policy does not allow negotiation or the company is unwilling to move from its original offer . If so , you 'll have to decide whether to accept the original offer . Third , the company may make you a second offer , typically a compromise between its first offer and your counteroffer . Again , the ball is back in your court . If you need time to evaluate the latest offer , ask for a day or two to think about it . If the company is n't able or willing to give you more money , it might be able to offer you job flexibility , such as telecommuting or flex scheduling , that might make up for the lack of a salary increase .
I hope you found this beneficial and informational . For more information about me and my services , visit my website :
www.duane.wrfa.com
Thank you for your interest .
This article is meant to be general in nature and should not be construed as investment or financial advice related to your personal situation . Waddell & Reed does not provide legal or tax advice . This information is prepared by an independent third party , Broadridge Investor Communication Solutions , Inc. and is provided for informational and educational purposes only . Waddell & Reed believes the information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable , but does not guarantee the accuracy of the information provided . This information is not meant to be a complete summary or statement of all available data necessary for making financial or investment decisions and does not constitute a recommendation . Please consult with a tax professional regarding your personal situation prior to making any financial related decisions . Also note that the information provided may include references to concepts that have legal , accounting and tax implications . It is not to be construed as legal , accounting or tax advice , and is provided as general information to you to assist in understanding the issues discussed . Neither Waddell & Reed , Inc. , nor its Financial Advisors give tax , legal , or accounting advice . Nothing contained herein is intended as a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any product or service mentioned and they may not be suitable for all investors .
Duane Silbernagel is a Financial Advisor in Lincoln City , Oregon offering securities through Waddell & Reed , Inc. , Member FINRA and SIPC . He can be reached at ( 541 ) 614-1322 or via email at DSilbernagel @ wradvisors.com .
Copyright 2016 – Broadridge Investor Communication Solutions , Inc .
Waddell & Reed is not affiliated with www.newslincolncounty.com website and is not responsible for any other content posted to this website . ( 12/16 )
Goldman Sachs Managing Director Joins Blockchain Startup Chain
Blockchain startup Chain has named a Goldman Sachs managing director as its new president .
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAKE HAVASU CITY , Ariz. — Luke Air Force Base officials say an F-16C from the 56th Fighter Wing crashed while attempting to land at a municipal airport in Arizona . The pilot ejected and was n't seriously injured .
Officials say the jet was on a training flight Tuesday when it diverted to the Lake Havasu City airport and went off the runway while landing , prompting the pilot to eject .
Staff Sgt . Jenna Bigham says the pilot is in good condition and was transported to a hospital .
She says she could n't provide information on why the plane diverted .
The Today 's News-Herald newspaper posted a photo showing the plane apparently missing the nose area of its fuselage .
Lake Havasu City is 134 miles northwest of Luke , located in Glendale , a suburb of Phoenix .
Mercy Aigbe 's Estranged Husband , Larry Gentry Sends Birthday Message To His Kids
Lanre Gentry , husband of nollywood actress , Mercy Aigbe has sent in advance birthday messages to his two children , Olajuwon Michael and Boluwatife Debby whose birthdays come up on June 18 , 2017 regardless of the messy marital crisis with his former wife . Mr. Lanre Gentry was involved in a messy domestic violence with his wife , which …
The post Mercy Aigbe 's Estranged Husband , Larry Gentry Sends Birthday Message To His Kids appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FBN Holdings : Notice of 6th Annual General Meeting
Download FBN Holdings Notice of 6th Annual General Meeting
The post FBN Holdings : Notice of 6th Annual General Meeting appeared first on THISDAYLIVE .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tinubu Bans APC Chairman , Others From Seeking Re-election in Lagos
The Lagos State chapter of the Progressives Congress on Tuesday banned members who had spent a minimum of eight years as a ward , council and state executive members from seeking re-election in its May congresses .
The National Leader of the party , Asiwaju Bola Tinubu announced the ban in Ikeja while addressing party members at a stakeholders meeting .
He said the decision was to allow fresh people to occupy party offices at the ward , local government and state levels with a view to taking the APC to the next level in the state .
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the national leadership of the party had recently fixed May 2,5 , 9 and 14 for ward , local government , state and national congresses respectively .
The decision of the party to allow congresses followed appeals by President Muhammadu Buhari who had opposed the approval of tenure elongation for party executives at all levels .
With Tuesday 's pronouncement by Tinubu , the chairman of the party in the state , Chief Henry Ajomale , who had led the chapter for a very long period , will be unable to seek re-election .
Tinubu said at the meeting : “ We fought hard against tenure elongation , and now we are going to have our congresses .
“ Some of you who have spent two , three , four terms as ward , local government and state executive members , it is time to go .
“ We thank you , we appreciate you . But we want you to step aside . It is time for those who have been crawling for years to walk . It is time for the youths to take over .
“ I mean if you have spent eight years , twelve years , you have tried . You should give us chance , let us now have new people . ”
Tinubu , however , said party executive members who had only spent one term were free to seek re-election , provided they did not have records of misconduct in office .
NAN
_______ Follow us on Twitter at @ thesignalng Copyright 2018 SIGNAL . Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources .
The post Tinubu Bans APC Chairman , Others From Seeking Re-election in Lagos appeared first on SIGNAL .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MUSIC : YungJay – Protect me ( Prod . Fricky J )
South South Records ( SRR ) presents her newest recording act who doubles as a talented songwriter YUNGJAY in his brand-new single titled PROTECT ME .
The song PROTECT ME is a song conscious music inspired by YUNGJAY 's delay struggle in the game and him asking God to always watch over him regardless his daily flaws produced by FRICKY J .
enjoy ! ! !
https : //www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/YungJay-Protect-Me1.mp3
Note : There is a file embedded within this post , please visit this post to download the file .
The post MUSIC : YungJay – Protect me ( Prod . Fricky J ) appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Regulators want to make emergency alerts on cellphones more useful by requiring wireless carriers to distribute them less widely .
The Federal Communications Commission says carriers must transmit the alerts to more specific locations , rather than broadly . That could help make alerts more relevant . The fear is that consumers will disregard alerts if they come too often or do n't address an emergency in their immediate area .
These messages appear on phones like texts with a loud buzzing and noise . Except for messages from the president , phone users can choose to stop receiving them .
The more precise geo-targeting was approved Tuesday and will go into effect in November 2019 . By May 2019 , wireless providers also have to support alerts in Spanish and longer alerts — up to 360 characters , from 90 .
Dalung wants NFF technical committee to synergise with Super Eagles coaching crew
The Minister of Youth and Sports , Solomon Dalung , has advised the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) to ensure that its Technical Committee synergises with the coaching crew of the Super Eagles . Dalung gave the advice at a meeting with the technical committee of the NFF , following Saturday 's 0-2 loss of the Super Eagles to Bafana Bafana…
The post Dalung wants NFF technical committee to synergise with Super Eagles coaching crew appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JAKARTA , Indonesia — Indonesia 's anti-graft commission has arrested the governor of conservative Aceh province on suspicion of receiving bribes , an official said Wednesday .
Irwandi Yusuf was among 10 people arrested Tuesday evening in separate locations in Aceh , said Febri Diansyah , spokesman for the Corruption Eradication Commission .
Diansyah said investigators seized about 500 million rupiah ( $ 35,000 ) in cash . The other nine arrested included a district chief and two assistants to officials .
Yusuf , a former leader of the rebel Free Aceh Movement , known as GAM , was elected governor for a second time in 2017 .
Yusuf was flown Wednesday morning to the Indonesian capital and taken to the headquarters of the anti-graft commission for questioning .
Aceh is the only province in Muslim-majority Indonesia governed by Islamic Shariah law .
Chicken Inn register fourth straight win
Chronicle
A late first half tactical substitution by Chicken Inn turned the direction of the game into their favour as they went on to grind a fourth straight win in a Castle Lager Premiership against ZPC Kariba at Luveve Stadium yesterday . Despite taking a …
and more »
Getty Image
President Trump has been slamming China for what he perceives as a lack of cooperation , but the Asian superpower has quietly been working its own economic angle with North Korea rather than joining Trump in all of his “ fire and fury ” bluster . Now , North Korea is going to have to do without Chinese trade , as China has refused to accept key imports in line with the United Nations ' latest sanctions .
Starting September 5th , China will no longer import North Korean coal , iron , lead , and fish . That should have made the White House happy , as China is one of the only countries that will trade with North Korea ( above board , that is ) . China 's Xi Jinping urged President Trump to try further diplomacy after a recent exchange of harsh words with Kim Jong-un that resulted in threats against Guam , and now he 's going along with the U.N. sanctions that Trump lobbied for him to support .
Unfortunately , despite China 's attempts to soothe the two leaders and keep the peace , all while placating the United States on the sanctions deal , Trump still has plenty of ire with Xi Jinping . The New York Times reports that he is going to follow through on calling for an investigation into whether China violated intellectual property agreements . In other words , Trump is threatening China with a trade war if it does n't in turn wage war on North Korea through trade channels . It looks like nothing will really get Beijing back on Trump 's good side unless it also takes up Trump 's hardline approach . Not even blocking a billion dollar 's worth of trade with North Korea .
The two leaders did agree on a few points announced by the White House Saturday morning , noting , “ President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior . The presidents also reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. ” But until they agree on how best to do that , it seems this awkward three-way stalemate will continue .
( Via Axios & New York Times )
INDIANAPOLIS — Newly released federal figures show a sharp rise in child abuse fatalities in the U.S. , with the bulk of the increase occurring in two states — Indiana and Texas — where child-welfare agencies have been in disarray .
According to a report released this week by the Department of Health and Human Services , there were 1,700 fatalities resulting from child maltreatment reported in fiscal year 2016 , compared to 1,589 the previous year — a 7 per cent increase . The figures encompass data from every state but Maine , as well as from the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico .
Accounting for most of the increase were Texas , where fatalities jumped from 162 to 217 , and Indiana , where the death toll more than doubled from 34 to 70 .
“ It breaks my heart for the kids in this state right now , ” said Juvenile Judge Marilyn A. Moores , whose Indianapolis courtroom has seen a surge in child welfare cases due to the opioid epidemic .
“ Traditional systems of early warning are overwhelmed . And parents , because of addiction , are n't seeking intervention because their kids are going to be removed , ” she added . “ It allows kids to die . It 's a fact . ”
Long festering problems in Indiana 's child welfare system exploded into public view in December , when the director of the Department of Child Services resigned with a scathing letter that accused Republican Gov . Eric Holcomb of making management changes and service cuts that “ all but ensure children will die . ”
“ I choose to resign , rather than be complicit in decreasing the safety , permanency and well-being of children who have nowhere else to turn , ” wrote Mary Beth Bonaventura , a former juvenile judge appointed to lead the agency by then-Gov . Mike Pence in 2013 .
In recent years , the number of child welfare cases in Indiana has skyrocketed , rising from about 13,000 in 2012 to nearly 24,000 last year . Funding , meanwhile , has not kept pace , said Cathy Graham , executive director of the Indiana Association of Resources and Child Advocacy .
Advocates paint a picture of an agency in perpetual triage , with caseworkers spread so thin that they have little choice but to cut corners . The agency does not have enough caseworkers to meet a minimum requirement set in state law and turnover has been a major problem , according to the agency 's most recent annual report .
Holcomb launched a review in December . A preliminary report released Thursday found the state has an inadequate case management system .
In Texas , abuse-related fatalities have continued to rise despite high-level personnel changes at the child welfare agency , new legislative appropriations , and a federal judge , Janis Graham Jack , declaring in 2015 that the foster care system violated the constitutional rights of youngsters ' placed in long-term foster care .
In January , the judge issued her final order in the case , saying the state 's foster care system remained “ broken. ” She also ordered improvements in regards to record keeping and the handling of foster care placements . Texas appealed the ruling .
Two years ago , a commission created by Congress concluded that the United States lacks coherent , effective strategies for reducing the number of children who die each year from abuse and neglect . Although the number of such deaths reported by HHS has hovered at around 1,500 to 1,600 annually in recent years , the commission — citing gaps in how the data is compiled — suggested the actual number may be as high as 3,000 a year .
The commission issued an update this week noting that states across the country were moving to implement some of its recommendations for preventing maltreatment deaths .
The new report released by HHS 's Children 's Bureau , formally known as the National Child Abuse and Neglect Data System , does not offer theories explaining the sharp rise in child fatalities , but it provides demographic data on the victims .
According to the report , 70 per cent of the victims were younger than 3 . Fatality rates were higher for boys than for girls , and higher for African-American children than for whites and Hispanics .
Parents — acting alone , together or with other individuals — were the perpetrators in 78 per cent of the deaths .
Looking more broadly at national trends , the report estimated that 676,000 children were victims of abuse and neglect in 2016 , a 1 per cent drop from 2015 . Most of the cases involved neglect ; about 18 per cent involved physical abuse — up slightly from 2015 .
——
Crary reported from New York . Will Weissert in Austin , Texas , also contributed to this report .
Today – Snow likely , mainly before 11 am . Cloudy , with a high near 24 . Wind chill values as low as zero . Breezy , with a west southwest wind 6 to 15 mph becoming northwest in the afternoon . Winds could gust as high as 23 mph . Chance of precipitation is 60 % . New snow accumulation of around an inch possible .
Tonight – A 40 percent chance of snow , mainly after 11 pm . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 9 . North northwest wind 5 to 9 mph becoming light and variable in the evening . New snow accumulation of less than a half inch possible .
Tuesday – A 40 percent chance of snow before 11 am . Mostly cloudy , with a high near 21 . Wind chill values as low as zero . Light and variable wind becoming west 8 to 13 mph in the morning . Winds could gust as high as 20 mph . New snow accumulation of less than a half inch possible .
Tuesday Night – Mostly cloudy , with a low around 5 . West southwest wind 9 to 11 mph .
Wednesday – A 30 percent chance of snow . Partly sunny , with a high near 17 . West wind 7 to 9 mph .
Wednesday Night – A 20 percent chance of snow . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 2 . West wind around 8 mph becoming north northeast in the evening .
Thursday – A 20 percent chance of snow . Partly sunny , with a high near 16 .
Thursday Night – A 20 percent chance of snow before 11 pm . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 6 .
Friday – Partly sunny , with a high near 26 .
Friday Night – Partly cloudy , with a low around 8 .
Saturday – Partly sunny , with a high near 29 .
Saturday Night – Mostly cloudy , with a low around 18 . Breezy .
# BREAKING # Oakland nurse Maria Mendoza Sanchez , about to be deported after 20 yrs in country . Message to @ POTUS pic.twitter.com/aVFmQlanCM — Laura Anthony ( @ LauraAnthony7 ) August 14 , 2017
With just one day to go before Maria Mendoza Sanchez and husband Eusebio must leave the country , the Highland Hospital cancer nurse made a direct appeal to President Donald Trump , one parent to another . `` One of the things I admire about him s that he is a loving father , `` said Sanchez , standing amid supporters in front of Highland . `` He loves his kids very much and his grandchildren too . I just him to realize how would he feel if all of a sudden something would happen to Ivanka . `` The Sanchez ' were surrounded by other healthcare workers and supporters at a rally demanding the couple be allowed to stay in the United States . `` We have to show the world and this country that there 's no such thing as an illegal human , '' said Josie Camacho with the Alameda Labor Council . `` We have families here , we have mothers ... we have nurses . `` Last Thursday , U.S . Senator Dianne Feinstein met with the Sanchez family at their East Oakland home.Feinstein and U.S . Senator Kamala Harris are both working behind the scenes to try to persuade ICE , Immigration , and Customs Enforcement , to stop deportation proceedings.The government first began trying to deport them in 2002 , but since they had jobs , paid taxes and stayed out of legal trouble , the Obama Administration let them stay on a year-to-year basis . The Trump administration has put a stop to that . They have four children , three of them U.S. citizens.Last week , ICE issued the following statement : `` The courts consistently held that neither of these individuals has a legal basis to remain in the U.S . While ICE continues to prioritize its enforcement resources to focus on individuals who pose a threat to national security , public safety and border security , ICE will not exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement . `` `` There are a lot of good people out there , '' said Maria Mendoza-Sanchez . `` They 're good people . They deserve the chance to be given the opportunity to be here and make a difference for this country . `` As it is now , the couple is set to fly to Mexico Tuesday afternoon with their 12-year-old son . Three older daughters will stay behind in the Bay Area .
Chad Bettis drew a standing ovation when he took the mound for the first time since cancer treatment , then threw seven impressive innings Monday night as the Colorado Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 3-0 .
Bettis scattered six hits , walked none and struck out two . He had n't pitched in the majors since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November .
Bettis had surgery for the condition , but tests in March showed the cancer had spread to his lymph nodes . He later underwent chemotherapy .
The crowd at Coors Field gave Bettis a big cheer as he went out to pitch the first inning . The Braves ' best chance to score against him came when Ender Inciarte led off with a triple , but he was thrown out trying to stretch it to an inside-the-park home run .
The 28-year-old Bettis led Colorado in starts ( 32 ) , wins ( 14 ) and innings ( 186 ) last season . He left for a pinch-hitter in the seventh with the game still scoreless .
Colorado scored three times in the eighth off Rex Brothers ( 2-3 ) , who relieved starter Julio Teheran . The Rockies began the tied with Arizona for the top NL wild-card spot .
Mike Dunn ( 5-1 ) got the win and Greg Holland closed for his 35th save . Holland , who had blown his previous two save chances , gave up a single and walk in the ninth before getting the last out .
Teheran allowed four hits and struck out eight in seven innings .
Charlie Blackmon led off the Colorado eighth with a triple . After an intentional walk , Gerardo Parra singled through the drawn-in infield to put the Rockies ahead .
Carlos Gonzalez 's two-run single off Jason Motte gave Colorado some insurance .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Braves : OF Matt Kemp ( right hamstring strain ) did some running and is scheduled to do more Wednesday . He will take Thursday off but could play Friday against Cincinnati .
Rockies : OF/1B Ian Desmond ( right calf strain ) did some hitting and running on Colorado 's recent road trip .
CRISIS AVERTED
The Rockies got a scare Sunday when All-Star 3B Nolan Arenado , who leads the majors with 100 RBIs , left the game in Miami after being hit on the left hand with a pitch . He and the team feared he suffered a broken bone but X-rays showed only a bruise .
`` I was a little surprised . I thought I broke it , '' Arenado said Monday . `` It got super tight right after . Last time I broke my finger , and I 've broken bones before , it gets super tight and it usually comes out broken . ''
He did n't start but he in the seventh , fouling out to first .
`` I 'm good to go . It hurts but I 've dealt with worse pain , '' he said . `` It 's not as swollen as we thought it was going to be . It 's just pain tolerance . ''
BAYLOR TRIBUTE
Before the game , the Rockies honored Don Baylor , the club 's first manager , with a video tribute and a moment of silence . Baylor , who managed Colorado in the first six seasons , passed away Aug. 7 at age 68 after a 14-year battle with multiple myeloma . The Rockies hung his jersey in their dugout .
UP NEXT
Braves : LHP Sean Newcomb ( 1-7 , 4.45 ) will make his 12th start of the season on Tuesday .
Rockies : LHP Kyle Freeland ( 11-7 , 3.70 ) will return from a left groin strain to make his first career start against Atlanta on Tuesday .
WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo , freezing the bank 's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls .
In addition , the San Francisco-based bank agreed to replace three board members by April and a fourth by the end of this year .
The new penalties were announced late Friday on Fed Chair Janet Yellen 's last day at the central bank .
In a statement , she said that the Fed “ can not tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank . ”
Wells Fargo has admitted that employees opened more than 3 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas . It ended up paying $ 185 million to regulators and settled a class-action suit for $ 142 million .
NEW YORK — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in her first major tennis tournament in 16 months , dressed in a black “ warrior princess ” catsuit , no less .
But do n't look for her French Open outfit among the athleisure , office and evening clothes on her new namesake website , the only place her duds are available .
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike , Williams ' “ Serena ” line includes an “ S ” motif and comfortable price points .
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs , along with a T-shirt with the name of her childhood home , Compton .
She says she hopes to inspire women to own their own “ s ” words , like strong , sexy , sophisticated , sassy , smart , silly and spontaneous .
Prices range from $ 40 for the logo T-shirt to $ 215 for a gold and black anorak jacket .
ROCK HILL , S.C. — Xavier Cooks scored 22 points , had six rebounds , five blocks , four assists and three steals to lead Winthrop to a 75-57 win over Radford on Saturday .
Bjorn Broman added 16 points and four steals , Josh Ferguson contributed 10 points and the Eagles shot 26 of 46 ( 56.5 per cent ) including 9 of 18 from 3-point range , while collecting 13 steals .
Winthrop ( 14-9 , 8-4 Big South ) led 23-22 after Radford 's Christian Bradford made a 3 with 4:47 before halftime . Broman later made three free throws to start a 13-3 run to close the half and establish control the rest of the way . Ed Polite Jr. 's 3 with 15:05 left brought Radford within 48-39 , but Adam Pickett 's jumper and Jermaine Ukaegbu 's dunk put the Eagles up double figures the rest of the way .
Polite led Radford ( 15-10 , 8-4 ) with 18 points , a game-high eight rebounds and five steals . Bradford finished with 11 points .
NEW YORK - Yankees second baseman Gleyber Torres was placed on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday afternoon after an MRI revealed he had a right hip strain .
New York is officially beginning the DL stint during its off day Thursday , as team officials continue to talk through making a corresponding roster move ahead of a three-city road trip the Yankees are heading on beginning Friday in Toronto .
The injury , which forced Torres out of Wednesday 's 6-2 win over the Atlanta Braves , was initially believed to be an aggravation of some `` tightness '' that had nagged Torres earlier this week .
`` We 're hoping it 's a short stint , '' Yankees manager Aaron Boone said . `` Probably take us up to the All-Star Break . ''
The All-Star Game is two weeks from Tuesday .
Neil Walker likely will replace Torres as the Yankees ' everyday second baseman , and it 's possible they decide to call up Tyler Wade , a 23-year-old middle infielder who began the season with them . Wade was sent down to Triple-A in April just as Torres was being called up to the big-league club .
Utilityman Brandon Drury also could be an emergency option at second , having played the position in the past . Of late , he has been working at third base and first base .
According to Boone , Torres has dealt with similar hip injuries in the past , but it has never given him major trouble . In fact , when Boone first addressed reporters following Wednesday 's game , and just before the MRI results were revealed , he believed Torres would be fine .
During in-game tests the infielder `` checked out OK. '' Boone added that the trainers were simply being cautious with the injury more than anything else . About 25 minutes later , Boone delivered news about the strain .
`` Anytime you 're talking about groin , hamstring , quads , once you have a strain in there and you push through it , you could make it a worse thing and now you 're talking weeks and months and stuff like that , '' Boone said . `` So the wise thing is to do this now . ''
The Yankees initially became concerned about Torres ' hip during Monday night 's game , one in which Torres had a couple of sudden advancements on the basepaths , taking advantage of wild pitches in the dirt . One such advancement resulted in a Yankees run .
Boone and his staff became so concerned about the injury coming out of Monday that the manager decided to keep the 21-year-old rookie out of Tuesday 's starting lineup .
While Torres may not have begun Tuesday 's game , he did finish it . He checked in during the eighth inning , only getting an opportunity to play the field . He seemed to be feeling and looking better .
In his first at-bats since his right hip flexor started feeling stiff Monday , Torres , in the starting lineup Wednesday , struck out twice . He actually showed some visible discomfort as he fouled off a pitch in his final plate appearance in the fourth inning , and then tried to stretch .
During the next half inning , Torres was replaced in the batting order by Drury . Walker took Torres ' spot at second , moving over from third to accommodate Drury .
`` We need him , '' first baseman Greg Bird said of Torres . `` He 's going to be a big part of this . He 's obviously shown what he can do , in big situations , too . ''
A potential Rookie of the Year selection , Torres has been a force for the Yankees ever since he was called up April 21 . He 's batting .294 with 15 home runs , 42 RBI , a .555 slugging percentage and a .905 OPS in 63 games . He leads all rookies in homers , batting average and slugging percentage .
The Yankees also won 15 of the first 16 games in which he played . Torres also has three walk-off hits .
`` Gleyber wants to take a couple days and just work through it , but he also understands that this is the best thing for him and for us , '' Boone said .
CAP assures shareholders of improved performance in 2017
CAP Plc has expressed optimism that the investment made on the acquisition of an in-plant tinting technology would boost company 's performance in the current financial year , just as it has improved its production capacity .
The Chairman of the company , Larry Ettah , while addressing shareholders during the company 's yearly general meeting held in Lagos on Tuesday , said the €609,605 , invested to modernize its paint production processes has improved its production capacity and quality of product .
Besides , the shareholders , at the meeting , approved N1.54 billion dividends , translating to 220kobo for every 50 kobo ordinary share for the 2016 financial year .
Ettah added that the investment is expected to boost firm 's performance in the current financial year .
Reviewing its performance during the year , he explained that the business expanded its distribution network by opening five Dulux Colour shops in the course of the year .
He said the company increased its offering with the introduction of CAP Screeding Filler , a pre-decoration product to complement both our premium and standard brands .
He added that a strategic decision to play more aggressively in the standard segment of the paint market was taken in a bid to gain market share at the onset of the recession .
“ The company retained its ISO 9001:2008 and achieved re-certification of ISO 14001:2004 on Quality and Environmental Management Systems , respectively . We continue to offer high quality products and services to customers while complying with regulatory requirements and conduct our operations in a healthy and safe manner , ensuring minimal impact on the environment . ”
On the outlook for the year , Ettah assured shareholders that the company would leverage on the opportunities proffered by the 2017 budget for the real estate sector .
“ We will be future-proofing our business by focusing on innovation and expanding local product offerings . We will also pilot colour advisory services to professionals in the building industry to further consolidate our leadership in the industry .
“ The company invested the sum of €609,605 , to acquire an in-plant tinting technology , to modernize its paint production processes , while improving efficiency and delivering prompt customer service . ”
The President of Standard shareholders Association , Godwin Anono applauded the company for the dividend payout , urging them to intensify efforts in marketing in order to sustain their position in the industry .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Airbus said on Feb 2 that it had successfully held the first test flights of the Vahana , an electric , pilotless flying vehicle that it hopes will be able to ferry people around cities .
The flight at a test range in Oregon lasted just under one minute , with the aircraft lifting up five meters ( 16 feet ) from the ground and landing without control from a pilot , the European aerospace firm said .
Propelled by eight rotors that allow it to take off and land vertically , Vahana completed a second test flight on Feb. 1 , and additional testing is slated including forward flight .
The aircraft , which Airbus has been developing for less than two years , is designed to carry one passenger and fly autonomously .
`` Vahana aims to democratize personal flight and answer the growing need for urban mobility by leveraging the latest technologies in electric propulsion , energy storage , and machine vision , '' Airbus said .
Autonomous driving technology has made considerable progress in recent years with high-tech firms and established automakers putting test vehicles on the roads , while a handful of inventors and start-ups have developed flying cars .
Copyright Agence France-Presse , 2018
ATLANTA — The lineup card posted inside the Mets ' clubhouse before Wednesday 's 4-1 victory over the Atlanta Braves had several changes . Thanks to the call-up of three new faces from the minor leagues — Tim Peterson , Scott Copeland and Buddy Baumann — the bullpen had nine relievers , more than usual . The Mets opted for a smaller bench of three players .
A curious roster decision — or , rather , indecision — the day before to not call up an additional arm from the minor leagues nearly resulted in the Mets running out of pitchers . The Mets , in the midst of a stretch of 18 games in 17 days , had a seven-man bullpen . But because of injuries and Monday 's doubleheader , only five relief pitchers were available on Tuesday . They used four of them after starting pitcher Steven Matz exited early with a finger injury , and the fifth available reliever was warming up in the bullpen when the team lost with the rookie relief pitcher Gerson Bautista on the mound .
On Wednesday , the Mets ( 27-26 ) made sure to have plenty of pitchers against the Braves ( 32-23 ) , with Jason Vargas starting on short rest because of a finger injury to Noah Syndergaard . Vargas provided a big boost with five scoreless innings , arguably the best start of his rough season , and lowered his earned run average to 8.53 .
Vargas fired 65 pitches before tiring and Mets Manager Mickey Callaway called on Peterson , 27 , the only one of Wednesday 's three new pitchers who was with the organization when the season began . In his major league debut , Peterson allowed one run over two innings .
Michelle Williams discussed the Destiny 's Child mini-reunion during Beyoncé ‘ s monolithic performances at Coachella in a set of new interviews with Billboard , Los Angeles Times , Forbes , and elsewhere . The singer told Billboard that Beyoncé called Kelly Rowland and herself about the guest spot . Beyoncé left the choice of material up in the air . “ We talk all the time so when she called I just thought she was gon na say , ‘ Hey I wan na go to lunch , I wan na come to dinner ' or something , ” Williams explained . “ So it literally was the phone call , like yay . ‘ Y'all know I 'm doing Coachella , I would love for y'all to come out and we 'll figure out what we 're going to do . ' And I 'm like , of course . I love performing with the girls . ”
Williams said preparations for Beychella began months ahead of time , with rehearsals for the show beginning in January and February . Talking to Los Angeles Times , she discussed the nature of the rehearsal process , and her bemused reaction to the epic scale of the show :
Initially I was like , ‘ Bey , just go out there and have fun . People are gon na be so excited to see you . ' And then I walked into rehearsal for the first time and saw this big old pyramid and that it was gon na be filled to the brim with humans . I said , ‘ What in the bejesus is this ? I told you just to go have fun ! ' But she can never do anything that we would think is normal . And this is what 's fun for her .
Williams also wondered , logically , what was going to happen to the giant pyramid set around which the two-night show was based : “ I said…'Are the twins gon na play on it one day ? Is it gon na be their swing set ? ' ”
To Billboard , she detailed how the trio went about deciding on their “ medley , ” specifically the somewhat unusual choice to perform the Timbaland remix of “ Say My Name ” instead of the original version . Said Williams :
You know the coolest thing is that sometimes we 'll just sit together and we 'll kind of sing songs together and then it would be a chord or note that somebody hits that reminds you of a song . And you 're like , “ Wait a minute . This would go good here. ” Like , I 'm a medley queen . It 's one of the best things in the world . It 's because of a chord that musician hit where you 're like , “ Wait a minute . That sounds similar to ‘ Say My Name ' ” or whether it was the foot stomps the fraternities were doing . “ Say My Name ” had those stomps , the remix .
When asked about the potential for new music by the group , Williams was optimistic but suggested nothing was in the works :
Anything is possible…We just have n't talked about it and it 's like one of us is thinking it and especially after this last performance coming up with a few new arrangements and harmonies for some of those songs , it 's kind of like we still can sing . I 'm like , ‘ c'mon let 's do this . I 'm here for it ! ' There 's nothing better than singing with Beyoncé and Kelly…they know that I 'm down to perform , sign , tour , record .
Destiny 's Child has continued to reunite and collaborate on various project since the announcement of their hiatus in 2006 , famously performing at Beyonce 's Super Bowl halftime performance in 2013 and collaborating on Kelly Rowland 's single “ Say Yes ” in 2014 . They performed the song at the 2015 Gospel Music Awards .
Quit Notice : Ethnic groups urge Osinbajo to beg Ndigbo to forgive Northern youths
Determined to douse the tension arising from the three-month quit notice to Igbo residents in the north and restore the country to the path of peace , a coalition of ethnic nationalities have sued for calm amongst Nigerian youths .
This came as some leaders of Igbo and Arewa students paid a visit to the national Deputy Publicity Secretary of Ohanaeze Ndigbo , Comrade Chuks Ibegbu with a message to be conveyed to Ohanaeze , calling Ndigbo to forgive the Northern youths that provoked them by calling for their eviction in the North ; even as Nigerian Christian leaders called on the Federal Government to arrest the situation before it develops to something unmanagable .
The coalition of ethnic nationalities also called on the Federal Government to urgently convoke a national youth confab , which would have Acting President Yemi Osinbajo in attendance .
Rising from a meeting in Abuja yesterday , the groups also called for a ceasefire among the various youth groups in the country .
In a communique raised at the end of the meeting , the groups said that the constitution of Nigeria guarantees Nigerians the right to live in any part of the country of their choice .
They added that the confab would provide Osinbajo an opportunity to hear the grievances of the youths , stressing that it would also calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity .
According to the groups , their resolve to toe the path of peace was hinged on the intervention of former Governor of Anambra State , Mr. Peter Obi who they said advised them to remain calm .
The communique was signed by Comrade Eric Oluwale of Yoruba Youths Council Worldwide and Secretary General , Ethnic National Youths Leaders ; Comrade Emma Zompal of the Middle Belt Youth Council Worldwide ; Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council ; Barr . Oweilaemi Ereotubo of the Ijaw Youths Council ; and Arewa Northern Youths Assembly led by Alhaji Musa Abdulahi .
The communique read in part : “ Good citizens of the Federal Republic of Nigeria , we wish to express our concern over the quit notice to Igbos by Arewa youths last week . Nigeria 's Constitution gives right to citizens of Nigeria to freely move to any part of the land and choose where to live without any form of discrimination and denial . We hereby declare the quit notice unconstitutional and treasonable .
“ We condemn the quit notice served by Arewa youths to Igbos resident in the North and have resolved for peace to reign in all quarters . The meeting has , however , instituted the peace process of reconciling the north and the south east
“ We are still insisting on restructuring of the country so as to guarantee an equitable federalism for peaceful co existence .
“ We have resolved to toe the line of peace , owing to the fatherly advice from the former governor of Anambra State , Chief Peter Obi , the Okwute Ndigbo . The youths , without hesitation , are ready to heed his advice considering his towering reputation beyond the shores of Nigeria . He remains in history as the best governor Anambra has ever had and for that singular reason , his intervention is welcome .
“ Obi has made it clear to the youths that there is futility in disunity and songs of war . He has convinced us that we are better off together , united .
“ In the light of the above , we call for immediate end to further verbal exchanges on the above matter . This is the time for us to unite and champion a common course for Nigeria 's unity .
“ However , the youths hereby resolve that there will be a national youth confab in order to address fundamental problems . “ The confab must have in attendance , the Acting President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo . This shall be an opportunity for him to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity . ”
Igbo , Arewa student leaders visit Ohanaeze Ndigbo
The student groups under the auspices of the World Igbo Students Association , WISA , and Coalition of All Arewa Students , COAS , lauded Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership led by Nnia Nwodo for the manner they piloted Ndigbo not to over-react over the statement by Arewa youths .
They also lauded Igbo governors , leaders and people in the North for the mature manner they have been handling the matter despite the provocation .
They appealed to Comrade Ibegbu to convey their message of goodwill to the new Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership and urge it to continue to build bridges of understanding between Ndigbo and other Nigerians . They reminded Ndigbo of the historic political relationship between them and the North in the 60s and also during the second republic .
‘ The relationship between the North and Ndigbo has deepened so much that the vituperations of some misguided youths in the North can not thaw it ' , they noted .
In his reponse , Comrade Chuks Ibegbu thanked the students and assured them that he will convey their messages of goodwill to the Ohanaeze President General , Chief Nnia Nwodo and Ohanaeze leadership . He urged the youths to continue to work together to build a prosperous nation as the future belongs to them . He acknowledged and lauded the solidarity from all parts of Nigeria and the international community to Ndigbo since that statement and noted that Ndigbo will again take it as one of those challenges and sacrifices they have been making for nation building .
The delegation was led by Comrade Odera Udutchey for WISA , Comrade Tijanni Yusuf for COAS , Bala Usman for Arewa Youths and Nnamdi Chukwu for Igbo youths
Northerners in S'East applaud hospitality of their Igbo hosts
Meantine , Northerners in the South East under the aegis of Coalition of All Northern Peoples in the South East CONPISE , have dissociated themselves from the clamour by some Northern youths for Igbos to quit the North . The group called on Ndigbo in the North to disregard that provocative statement and go about their normal businesses .
The group also urged Northern leaders to caution the unruly boys who want to pitch them with Ndigbo , noting that they have been living in peace with Ndigbo since ages and will not want the relationship to get sour .
They appealed to Ndigbo to forgive the misled Northern youths , noting that the Igbo are one of the most hospitable people on earth and have done a lot to develop the North .
They however called on the pro-Biafra groups to reconsider their stand on Biafra and see how to forge a better Nigeria . Their spokesman , Alh Bature Mohammadu also called for the arrest of the deviant youths .
Beware of the ides of July , Christian leaders warn
Similarly , Nigerian Christian leaders have called on the Federal Government to arrest the situation before it develops to something unmanagable .
The gospel ministers drawn from across the nation condemned the quit order , urging the Federal Government to make haste to arrest all those behind the ultimatum and sponsors of such infractions which they perceive , is at variance with the spirit of the 1999 constitution of the federation .
The clerics further warned the political class to beware of the ides of July , stressing that the unfortunate Nigerian civil war of 1967-70 which claimed over two million lives , started on July 6 , 1967 .
They described the Kaduna declaration as reckless and a grave danger for the nation 's fledgling democracy as it takes us back to events of 1966-67 preceding the civil war .
Dr. Chidi Okoroafor , General Superintendent , Assemblies of God Nigeria , maintained that they believe in the unity and corporate existence of Nigeria as a nation and called on the northern youths to sheathe their swords and pursue peace for the growth and development of the nation .
“ We also call on the northern political and religious elders to take decisive stand on the issue . This is not good for the corporate existence of Nigeria . There should be mutual respect among many diverse ethnic groups that make up Nigeria , ” Okoroafor stated .
Rev . Yakubu Pam , chairman , CAN in 19 northern states and Abuja told our reporter that Christians in the 19 northern states and Abuja are not part of the call .
“ We are not aware of it and we are not part of it . We believe in the unity of this country . We also believe that it 's time for government to call all stakeholders in Project Nigeria to sit down together and agree on the way forward because these agitations from different groups or regions of this country ; if not handled properly , will eventually grow into a chaos that we will not be able to control . ”
Bishop David Bakare , who spoke on behalf of Christians in the North-West described the call as a reckless , dangerous , declaration of war , which should not be ignored as a child 's play by any responsible , caring government regardless of who said it .
Rev . Monsignor Gabriel Osu , Director of Social Communications at the Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos said there was no other way to describe what the quit notice portends for Nigeria , but total anarchy . “ It stands to be condemned by any reasonable human being in totality . ”
Osu urged the government to do more to arrest those behind the call , so that any other group that has similar ideas or ideals will think twice .
You 're on your own , S/E cattle breeders tell Arewa youths
Also yesterday , the South East leadership of cattle breeders , under the aegis of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria ( MACBAN ) told the Arewa youths that they were on their own on the quit notice given to the Igbo residing in the north .
In a statement in Awka yesterday , the group 's chairman , Alhaji Siddiki Gidado , demanded that those behind the quit notice should be brought to book .
The cattle breeders said though they were not comfortable with the agitations of Indigenous People of Biafra ( IPOB ) and MASSOB , it did not call for a quit notice to Ndigbo by Arewa youths .
“ We condemn in its entirety , the aspect of the Arewa Youths 's communiqué that insists that Igbos should leave north . This position is unacceptable to us in the Eouth East because we feel at home in this zone .
“ It is worrisome that some people who are safely seated in their comfort zones seem to care less about the safety of many of their kiths and kin at the other side of the divide as they make statements or engage in acts that can cause mayhem .
“ We advise that both Arewa group and Biafra agitators should sheath their sword and seek better ways of making Nigeria a better place for all of us . ”
The group said that unity of the country should be paramount to everybody than the divisive calls , noting that the South East governors had been at the forefront of such unity in the country .
Vanguard
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BURLINGTON , Ont . — Police have laid charges against the father of a three-year-old Ontario boy who died after being left in a hot car last week .
Halton regional police say 37-year-old Shaun Pennell of Burlington , Ont. , faces one count of criminal negligence causing death and one count of failing to provide the necessaries of life .
Police have said officers got a call on May 23 from a “ hysterical ” man , indicating that a child was in a vehicle and was not breathing .
They said the boy was outside a grey Ford Escape when emergency crews arrived and paramedics pronounced him dead at the scene .
Police said last week that an autopsy revealed that the “ preliminary cause of death ” was hyperthermia , consistent with the child being left in a vehicle and exposed to high temperatures for an extended period of time .
Data from The Weather Network indicates temperatures reached 26 C in Burlington that day . Studies have shown the temperature inside a closed vehicle can rise above 45 C , sufficient to cause heat stroke .
Police said Wednesday that Pennell was released from custody on a promise to appear in a Milton , Ont. , court on June 27 .
They say the family is requesting privacy .
A few days ago , Tropical Depression 16 was forecast to turn into Tropical Storm Nate and possibly the 9th hurricane of the season . Now , the storm has indeed reached tropical storm status , and a hurricane warning has now been issued for the U.S. Gulf Coast . NOLA.com reports that Nate appears to be placing New Orleans in its path , albeit on the western edge rather than as a direct hit . However , the warning issued on Friday morning extends from Grand Isle ( located on a Louisiana barrier island ) all the way to Alabama and Florida .
Currently , forecasters expect Nate to make landfall — after strengthening into a hurricane — on Saturday night . The system could swiftly bring an incredible storm surge throughout southeastern Louisiana and parts of the Mississippi and Alabama coasts before moving further eastward toward Florida , per the National Hurricane Canter :
“ Life-threatening storm surge flooding is likely along portions of the northern Gulf Coast , and a storm surge warning has been issued from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the Alabama/Florida border . ”
Currently , Nate 's maximum sustained winds are hovering around 50 mph with winds extending about 115 miles from the storm 's core . The system shall intensify over the Gulf of Mexico 's warm waters , and ultimately , the coast could see isolated pockets of 12 inches of rain . Storm surges could be as high as 7 feet in some places , which is n't good news for New Orleans after the city 's recent pumping failures . Although NOLA officials say that pumps are currently operating at 92 % capacity , Mayor Mitch Landrieu has declared a state of emergency ahead of Nate 's arrival . Stay dry , everyone .
( Via NOLA.com , Washington Post , National Hurricane Center & The Advocate )
LOS ALAMOS , N.M. — Bandelier National Monument is raising its vehicle and entrance fees .
The National Park Service says starting June 1 that entrance fees will be $ 15 per person . The new vehicle fee is $ 25 , while the Bandelier annual park pass will be $ 45 .
Each fee change represents a $ 5 increase in cost .
Bandelier is among more than 100 National Park Service sites that charge an entrance fee . Three hundred have no entrance fee .
Bandelier National Monument features canyon trails , wooded hikes and ancient dwellings that are embedded into rocky cliffs .
The fee changes at Bandelier is set to go into effect the same day that access to backcountry at the monument and two other National Park Service sites in the state will be suspended amid severe drought and heightened concerns over potential fire dangers .
BERNIE SANDERS . “ Sickened ” by the congressional shooting : “ I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign . I am sickened by this despicable act . Let me be as clear as I can be : Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms . ”
ROBERT MUELLER . Trump has no intention of firing him , according to White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders : “ While the president has the right to , he has no intention to do so . ”
MANCHESTER . Ariana Grande to get honorary citizenship : “ The council is proposing a new system to recognise outstanding contributions to the city . The US singer is in line to be the first recipient for organising the One Love Manchester concert in aid of victims of the bomb attack at her gig , in which 22 people died . ”
BROAD CITY . The show will BLEEP Trump 's name all season .
LONDON . Mass fatalities in residential apartment fire . At least 12 dead . “ More than 250 firefighters worked through the night to rescue residents from their flats after the blaze broke out , shortly before 1am on Wednesday . The fire rapidly engulfed the full height of the block , and was still burning strongly more than six hours later , with a thick pall of dark smoke visible across the capital . ”
THE WISHING SPELL . Chris Colfer to write and direct film adaptation of best-selling fantasy series : “ Wishing Spell follows twins Alex and Conner Bailey who , after the loss of their father , are transported into a magic book in which the classic fairy tales have come to life . Thrust into a world where they come face-to-face with the characters they 've only read about in stories , the kids must fight dark forces in order to return home . ”
OPRAH WINFREY . Not running for president .
AMERICAN CRIME STORY . The Assassination of Gianni Versace is officially next in the franchise : “ This means that it will bump Katrina , which had been previously announced as the follow-up to last year 's phenomenon The People v. O.J . Simpson . ”
WILL & GRACE . Max Mutchnick shares script page .
W & G Writing Room on Hiatus . Stopped by the office to pick up my wig . # wigandgrace pic.twitter.com/Cvy0aoYVXt — Max Mutchnick ( @ MaxMutchnick ) June 9 , 2017
SUPERHERO WORKOUT . Sebastian Stan prepares to take on Thanos .
MS CHAMPIONS . Artificial intelligence conquers Ms. Pac-Man . “ A Microsoft-made AI system has achieved a perfect score of 999,990 points on the Atari 2600 version of the classic ‘ Ms . Pac-Man ' — making it very likely the first time anybody , human or robot , has “ beaten ” the game . Ever . The notion that this is the first time this score has been achieved is backed up by Highscore.com , a resource for tracking high scores in the still-competitive classic arcade gaming scene . Per that site , the highest score ever recorded in this version of “ Ms . Pac-Man ” was 266,330 , by a player in Brazil . ”
MUSIC VIDEO OF THE DAY . Jaden Smith “ Batman ” .
HUMP DAY HOTTIE . Laith Ashley .
Hold your head up high . You 'll get through it . # speakpositivity # radiatelight Photo by : @ _williambaker 📸 A post shared by Laith Ashley [ De La Cruz ] 🇩🇴 ( @ laith_ashley ) on Dec 18 , 2016 at 4:50am PST
# tb to a very fun shoot with @ _williambaker . # bodyparty # fit # fitness A post shared by Laith Ashley [ De La Cruz ] 🇩🇴 ( @ laith_ashley ) on Dec 18 , 2016 at 5:41am PST
Homework : Want to enjoy my books , music , and videos without spending any money ? http : //bit.ly/LiberatedGifts
LIBRA ( Sept. 23-Oct. 22 ) : You 're a good candidate for the following roles : 1. a skeptical optimist who is both discerning and open-minded ; 2. a robust truth-teller who specializes in interesting truths ; 3. a charming extremist who 's capable of solving stubborn riddles ; 4. a smooth operator who keeps everyone calm even as you initiate big changes ; 5. an enlightened game-player who reforms or avoids games that abuse beauty 's power .
SCORPIO ( Oct. 23-Nov. 21 ) : Actress and author Carrie Fisher wrote three autobiographies . Speed skating Olympics star Apolo Anton Ohno published his autobiography at age 20 . The rascal occultist Aleister Crowley produced an “ autohagiography. ” To understand that odd term , keep in mind that “ hagiography ” is an account of the life of a saint , so adding “ auto ” means it 's the biography of a saint penned by the saint himself . I 'm bringing up these fun facts in hope of encouraging you to ruminate at length on your life story . If you do n't have time to write a whole book , please take a few hours to remember in detail the gloriously twisty path you have trod from birth until now . According to my reading of the astrological omens , the best way to heal what needs to be healed is to steep yourself in a detailed meditation on the history of your mysterious destiny .
SAGITTARIUS ( Nov. 22-Dec. 21 ) : If you go to the Historical Museum of the Palatinate in Germany , you will see a jug of wine that was bottled in 1687 . In accordance with astrological omens , Sagittarius , I suggest that you find a metaphorical version of this vintage beverage—and then metaphorically drink it ! In my opinion , it 's time for you to partake of a pleasure that has been patiently waiting for you to enjoy it . The moment is ripe for you to try an experience you 've postponed , to call in favors that have been owed to you , to finally do fun things you 've been saving for the right occasion .
CAPRICORN ( Dec. 22-Jan. 19 ) : If a late-night TV talk show called and asked me to be a guest , I 'd say no . If People magazine wanted to do a story on me , I 'd decline . What good is fame like that ? It might briefly puff up my ego , but it would n't enhance my ability to create useful oracles for you . The notoriety that would come my way might even distract me from doing what I love to do . So I prefer to remain an anonymous celebrity , as I am now , addressing your deep self with my deep self . My messages are more valuable to you if I remain an enigmatic ally instead of just another cartoony media personality . By the way , I suspect you 'll soon face a comparable question . Your choice will be between what 's flashy and what 's authentic ; between feeding your ego and feeding your soul .
AQUARIUS ( Jan. 20-Feb. 18 ) : A Canadian guy named Harold Hackett likes to put messages in bottles that he throws out into the Atlantic Ocean from his home on Prince Edward island . Since he started in 1996 , he has dispatched over 5,000 missives into the unknown , asking the strangers who might find them to write back to him . To his delight , he has received more than 3,000 responses from as far away as Russia , Scotland , and West Africa . I suspect that if you launch a comparable mission sometime soon , Aquarius , your success rate would n't be quite that high , but still good . What long-range inquiries or invitations might you send out in the direction of the frontier ?
PISCES ( Feb. 19-March 20 ) : “ Intensify ” is one of your words of power these days . So are “ fortify , ” “ reinforce , ” and “ buttress. ” Anything you do to intensify your devotion and focus will be rewarded by an intensification of life 's gifts to you . As you take steps to fortify your sense of security and stability , you will activate dormant reserves of resilience . If you reinforce your connections with reliable allies , you will set in motion forces that will ultimately bring you help you did n't even know you needed . If you buttress the bridge that links your past and future , you will ensure that your old way of making magic will energize your new way .
OTTAWA — The federal government sees Ontario 's cancellation of its cap and trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from the national climate change framework — and is reconsidering more than $ 400 million in funding as a result .
A spokeswoman for Environment Minister Catherine McKenna says the $ 420 million earmarked for Ontario under the Low Carbon Economy Leadership Fund is under review , since funding is contingent on agreeing to the framework , which includes imposing a carbon price .
Newly elected Ontario Premier Doug Ford has rescinded the previous Liberal government 's regulation that established the cap and trade program in 2017 .
That has prompted Canada to immediately hit the brakes on Ontario 's portion of the $ 1.4-billion climate change fund .
In April , McKenna and former Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne signed a plan to provide $ 100 million to the Green Ontario Fund , which offered rebates to homeowners , business owners and farmers who make energy efficient upgrades to buildings and equipment .
McKenna 's spokeswoman says none of that $ 100 million had actually flowed yet , and likely wo n't until the government is done re-evaluating the situation .
Negão the dog was abandoned at a gas station in Mogi das Cruzes , Brazil . He was left with nothing . But thanks to the kindness of the station 's owners , he would soon have a new family and a job to boot .
It was two years ago when Negão was left at the Shell gas station . Luckily , co-owner Sabrina Plannerer and her partner wasted no time taking in the abandoned dog and giving him a loving home .
“ We adopted him immediately and got him all the care animals need , ” Plannerer told The Dodo . “ We took him to the vet to get vaccinated and de-wormed . We bought him food , a dog house and a leash to take him on walks . ”
They also gave him a job as a greeter at the gas station . He even has his own employee ID badge .
“ Negão waits for people to arrive , and then goes up to say hello , winning them over with his charms , ” Plannerer told The Dodo . “ Customers love him . Some people even bring him toys . ”
He 's definitely the cutest gas station employee we 've ever seen !
Courtesy of Margaret Chu
A dome shape to the forehead and more bulging eyes are signs of hydrocephalus .
People use many factors to choose a pet . One is appearance . While most people say that good health is important , many also want cute pets . So what exactly does a “ cute ” pet look like ? Studies done in the 1970s by Konrad Lorenz suggest that humans prefer images of animals with smaller snouts , higher foreheads and larger eyes . Essentially , we prefer characteristics associated with babies or juveniles . The tendency for people to choose pets with these traits has likely influenced breeding programs .
A perfect example of this is the Holland Lop rabbit . Breed standards for these animals include an arched or curved crown of the head and short muzzle . These characteristics make Holland Lop rabbits adorable . However , there is a negative side to breeding these types of physical traits . What is often forgotten is that external features often have huge implications for internal structures . By selectively breeding for shortened faces , Holland Lops are much more prone to dental disease because the size and number of teeth have not changed , but the length of the jaw and face has shortened . Thus , the teeth are forced into a smaller area , which some people believe leads to malocclusion .
Another animal that seems to have a genetically linked medical disorder related to appearance is the Syrian hamster . The disease of concern is hydrocephalus .
Courtesy of Wendy Abrahamson
Currently there is no cure for hydrocephalus in hamsters . If clinical signs are mild , a hamster could live a relatively normal life with special care .
Hydrocephalus is a condition in which excess fluid , specifically cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) , accumulates within the brain . Normally , there is fluid produced within spaces of the brain known as the ventricles . The CSF flows from the ventricles and around the brain to cushion it , distribute nutrients and remove waste products . In healthy bodies , the production of CSF is balanced by its reabsorption into the bloodstream .
While hydrocephalus can develop due to the presence of certain infections or toxins , in hamsters most cases appear to be hereditary . When fluid builds up in the ventricles , it begins to put outward pressure on the surrounding brain tissue . This leads to neurological signs , such as seizures , lethargy , poor coordination , head pressing and visual impairment . In young animals , before the bones of the skull have fused , the expanding brain forces the skull to expand — leading to a high forehead and domed skull . Anecdotally , there have been reports by a few hamster breeders that some hamsters with hydrocephalus also have poor teeth development , but further studies are necessary to examine the extent of this correlation .
While this condition has been mostly studied in laboratory animals , it has been suspected to also occur in the pet hamster population . The prevalence of the disorder in the pet population is unknown , as postmortem analysis of brain tissue from pet hamsters is rarely performed . In the laboratory setting , the condition is considered widespread and the severity of the disease varies significantly . Sometimes the disease is so severe that the affected animals do not live very long . However , one study demonstrated that many hamsters with hydrocephalus can live longer than expected . Even hamsters that appeared physically normal could produce offspring with hydrocephalus , suggesting that this condition is a recessive genetic trait . Interestingly , none of the wild-caught hamsters that were studied demonstrated any signs of hydrocephalus .
In humans , hydrocephalus is treated with surgically placed shunts to help drain fluid from the ventricles of the brain . To date , this is not possible in hamsters . At best , mild clinical signs may be managed with steroids and anti-seizure medication . However , euthanasia is the only humane option for those animals with uncontrolled clinical signs .
Conditions such as these underscore the need for selective breeding programs . While we may desire certain physical traits in our pets , I believe that it should never be at the expense of good health .
Note : All articles by Dr. Materi are meant for educational purposes only and in no way represent any particular individual or case . They are not for diagnostic purposes . If your pet is sick , please take him or her to a veterinarian .
Two-Minute Look At How Bonkers The Brits Went Over Yesterday 's Royal Birth [ Video ]
Women the world over were asking how she did it .
How did Kate , hours after she had given birth to her third child , a boy , walk out the hospital looking as fresh as a daisy ?
Well , ladies , the answer lies in Natasha Archer , the Duchess of Cambridge 's stylist . She had already come and gone earlier in the day .
The babe was born at 11:01AM on Monday , and at 6PM the couple emerged from St Mary 's Hospital , reports BBC :
The latest addition – who is now fifth in line to the throne – was a hefty 8lbs 7oz , making him the heaviest male royal baby to be born in years . Prince George weighed 8lb 6oz and was born after 11 hours of labour . Princess Charlotte , 8lb 3oz , took just two hours to make an appearance .
At news of his arrival , champagne corks popped , cheers rang out and the crowd of well-wishers went wild outside the hospital .
A little while later , Prince William left , too . Getting in the car , he joked :
“ Thrice the worry , now . ”
Har har har , got jokes , hey ?
Although he had been present for the birth , he had gone to fetch Prince George and Princess Charlotte who arrived not too long after :
Ahh….Prince William returns to the Lindo Wing with his children to see their new baby brother # RoyalBaby # DuchessofCambridge Gorgeous waves from Charlotte pic.twitter.com/FiPDcN8Fjl — Rebecca English ( @ RE_DailyMail ) April 23 , 2018
For your two-minute take on the Brits going bonkers , here 's the BBC :
During the seven-hour wait , fans of the Royal family could not contain their excitement , and The Telegraph reports that the only questions on everyone 's lips was :
“ What will the Duke and Duchess call the new baby ? ”
Even a man from Ladbrokes was present , holding a chalkboard giving odds of 5/1 on the name “ Arthur ” :
Then , there 's the fan group that had been camped outside the hospital for 15 days . John Loughrey , 63 , who was part of a group , said he was delighted at the news :
“ We have been here for 15 days . I 'm so pleased it 's St George 's Day . ”
15 days – what is wrong with people ?
And so was another member of the group , 82-year-old Terry Hutt , who was dressed in a Union flag suit and hat :
“ I 'm still hoping they might call him Terry , ” said royalist extraordinaire , somewhat optimistically , as he stood pressed against the barriers . The human equivalent of the ravens at the Tower , Terry likes to be present for all royal events and is such a familiar sight , he is own fan club . As news of the royal birth was announced , he raised aloft an animatronic baby doll clad in blue , and a “ Congratulations on your new baby boy ” greetings card , still wrapped in Cellophane . “ I love the royal family , ” he said , rather superfluously . “ I am there at every birth and every marriage and every other occasion I can get to . I 've met them loads of times . I 'm so pleased it 's a boy ; that means he can father more royals for us . ”
Below , Terry in the suit with John next to him :
As early evening came , the numbers outside the Lindo Wing grew . And when the little prince made his first appearance , the crowd craned their collective neck to witness the moment :
Soon after the Royals had left , a man with a megaphone told the crowd to disperse :
“ Time to go back to your dreary lives ! ” he joked to loud laughter .
Well , dreary for some .
The Onion continued to have all the fun :
[ source : bbc & telegraph & express ]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that he brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused him of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago .
The documents received earlier this month in state court in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort him by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement .
Lawyer Lisa Bloom , who represents the woman , says her client denies the extortion allegations .
The Associated Press generally does n't name people who say they are victims of sexual misconduct .
Wynn resigned as chairman and CEO of Wynn Resorts last month amid allegations from several women that he denied .
The FBI declined to confirm Monday whether it has investigated .
SAN JOSE , Calif. – After increasing their unbeaten run at Avaya Stadium to six matches in Friday 's 1-1 draw against FC Dallas , the San Jose Earthquakes seem to have solved the better part of the equation for toughness and resilience at home .
Now , with a three-game road trip looming , the Quakes get another opportunity to make that success travel .
San Jose will face New England on Wednesday ( 7:30 pm ET ; MLS LIVE ) before heading to Houston for a Saturday match at BBVA Compass Stadium ( 4 pm ET ; UniMás , Facebook.com in the US ; MLS LIVE in Canada ) . The Quakes will then return home to San Jose for training before making a first-ever trip to Minnesota United FC on April 29 .
Meanwhile , a cloud of dreary road stats will follow them , including this damning mark : In their last 21 regular season away matches , the Quakes have just one victory – a 2-1 triumph at Vancouver last Aug. 12 .
“ We need as many points as we can get , ” Quakes captain Chris Wondolowski told reporters after Friday 's draw against Dallas . “ There 's no statement games or anything like that . … We 're not thinking of it as a statement game . We 're thinking of it as our commitment to each game . ”
Since the start of the 2013 season , San Jose have earned just 0.70 points per match on the road , ranking 20th out of 23 MLS teams to participate over that timeframe . That includes a pair of 2-1 defeats in their first two away matches this season , to Sporting Kansas City and New York City FC .
The league average since 2013 for road points is 0.94 per game . And the four MLS Cup winners since then rank among the top eight in that category during that span : SKC ( second , 1.21 ) , Portland ( fourth , 1.11 ) , Seattle ( sixth , 1.08 ) and LA ( eighth , 1.03 ) .
So if the Quakes want to get back into the playoffs – territory they have n't seen since 2013 – there is n't a better place to start then in another time zone .
“ If you go through a three-game stretch , you have to make the most of them , ” Wondolowski said . “ These three on the road are going to be very tough places , but we feel confident every time we step out there . ”
The Quakes can draw some momentum from the experience of coming off back-to-back late-game escape acts , but they know that equalizing at the death is n't necessarily a repeatable recipe , the club 's “ Goonies ” history notwithstanding .
“ It 's good to get that point [ against Dallas ] , but hopefully we 're going to rectify some mistakes , ” Wondolowski said . “ We need to capitalize on our chances , especially early in the game . We need to have that killer instinct from the first minute , not necessarily wait until stuff happens before we really go to town . ”
Perhaps an early goal on Wednesday at Gillette Stadium will unlock some of the confidence that the Quakes have in their roster .
“ I think the attitude in this locker room is , we should be getting three points every game , ” rookie defender Nick Lima said . “ We know we can be getting three points , if we play the way we can . So going on the road , our goal is to get six points [ in New England and Houston ] . ”
S2x-For-Marks ! What Monica Osagie Told OAU Panel – Counsel
Dr Abiola Akinyode-Afolabi , the defence counsel for Miss Monica Osagie , the alleged victim in the s * x-for-marks scandal at Obafemi Awolowo University , Ile-Ife , said on Tuesday that her client affirmed before an investigative panel that Prof. Richard Akindele deliberately failed her because she refused his s3xual demand . The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Osagie had [ … ]
The post S2x-For-Marks ! What Monica Osagie Told OAU Panel – Counsel appeared first on Timeofgist .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FILE PHOTO : The `` Welcome to Las Vegas '' sign is surrounded by flowers and items , left after the October 1 mass shooting , in Las Vegas , Nevada U.S. October 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus
By Steve Gorman
( Reuters ) - An ammunition dealer who has acknowledged selling hundreds of rounds of tracer bullets to a gunman responsible for killing 58 people in Las Vegas was charged on Friday with conspiracy to make and sell armor-piercing ammunition without a license .
Douglas Haig , 55 , of the Phoenix suburb of Mesa , Arizona , became the first person arrested and charged in connection with the Oct. 1 massacre , which ended when the perpetrator , Stephen Paddock , killed himself .
But Haig told a news conference at the office of his attorney on Friday that none of the surplus military ammunition he sold Paddock in September was ever fired during the killing spree , which ranks as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history . Nearly 500 people were injured .
Haig said he had no inkling of any criminal intent by Paddock . The ammunition dealer said Paddock told him , when asked , that he planned to use the tracer bullets to `` put on a light show either with , or for , his friends '' in the desert .
Paddock strafed a crowd of outdoor concert-goers with rapid-fire gunshots from his high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel before police stormed his room to find the 64-year-old retiree dead . No motive for the massacre has ever been established .
Haig said he was certain the gunman never used any of the 720 rounds of magnesium-packed tracer bullets Paddock had purchased from him .
`` You would have seen red streaks coming from the window . And there were n't red steaks coming from the window , '' he said .
His lawyer , Marc Victor , suggested the casualty toll would have been lower had the tracer rounds been used , because victims would have seen the trajectory of gunfire in the dark and been able to take cover more easily .
`` It 's probably a bad thing that the ammunition Doug sold was not used , '' Victor said .
Haig also said there was nothing suspicious in Paddock 's demeanor when he visited Haig 's home to make the purchase .
`` He was very well dressed , very well groomed , very polite , very respectful - told me what he wanted , I gathered it up , put it in a box , told him what he owed me . He paid me , put it in his car and drove away , '' Haig recounted .
Victor called it `` a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the sate of Arizona . '' Victor said the two men had no further contact .
Victor said Haig got into the ammunition re-sale business in 1991 as a hobby , and has always been a `` law-abiding citizen . ''
Haig was charged with a single count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition , which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine , according to the statement .
The criminal complaint , filed in a U.S. District court in Phoenix , said Haig previously had run an internet business selling armor-piercing bullets - including high-explosive and incendiary rounds - throughout the United States .
It said some merchandise sold through that business consisted of cartridges that had been `` reloaded , '' or assembled from component parts , though Haig lacked a license to make such ammunition for sale .
According to the complaint , Haig insisted to investigators that while he reloads ammunition cartridges for himself , he never offered them to paying customers and that none reloaded by him would turn up at the crime scene in Las Vegas .
However , prosecutors said Haig 's fingerprints were found on some of the unfired rounds in Paddock 's hotel suite and that armor-piercing cartridges recovered there bore tool marks matching the reloading equipment in Haig 's workshop .
Haig made an initial court appearance before a federal magistrate in Phoenix and was freed on his own recognizance under conditional release pending a Feb. 15 status conference set for the case , prosecutors said .
( Writing and reporting by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles ; Additional reporting by Keith Coffman in Denver ; Editing by Leslie Adler and Clarence Fernandez )
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws against the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a baseball game , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Joc Pederson # 31 of the Los Angeles Dodgers beats the throw to Jorge Alfaro # 38 of the Philadelphia Phillies to score a run on a double by Matt Kemp # 27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the first inning of the game at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Joc Pederson , center , is congratulated by teammates after he scored on a double by Matt Kemp during the first inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Philadelphia Phillies ' Mitch Walding ca n't catch an RBI double by Los Angeles Dodgers ' Matt Kemp during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Max Muncy , right , celebrates his home run with third base coach Chris Woodward during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Max Muncy rounds the bases after hitting a home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Max Muncy # 13 of the Los Angeles Dodgers is greeted in the dugout after a solo home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws against the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a baseball game , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Matt Kemp hits a two-run home run during the third inning of the team 's baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Matt Kemp # 27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers hits a two run home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Matt Kemp watches the flight of his two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Matt Kemp # 27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers hits a two run home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Matt Kemp # 27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers hits a two run home run in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Matt Kemp watches the flight of his two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin stands on the mound as Los Angeles Dodgers ' Matt Kemp rounds the bases after hitting a two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Matt Kemp celebrates his two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Max Muncy , left , is congratulated by Matt Kemp after hitting a home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Matt Kemp # 27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers is greeted in the dugout after hitting a two run home run scoring Yasmani Grandal # 9 of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the third inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws to first base for the out on Philadelphia Phillies ' Cesar Hernandez during the fifth inning of a baseball game , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Philadelphia Phillies ' Scott Kingery misses a ground ball hit by Los Angeles Dodgers ' Logan Forsythe during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Cody Bellinger # 35 of the Los Angeles Dodgers looks on as fans attempt to catch the home run ball hit by Nick Williams # 5 of the Philadelphia Phillies in the seventh inning of the game at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Philadelphia Phillies ' Nick Williams celebrates his home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling throws to a Philadelphia Phillies batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Cody Bellinger # 35 of the Los Angeles Dodgers beats the throw to Cesar Hernandez # 16 of the Philadelphia Phillies for a stolen base in the third inning of the game at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin wipes his face after walking Los Angeles Dodgers ' Yasmani Grandal during the third inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES , CA – MAY 30 : Cody Bellinger # 35 of the Los Angeles Dodgers rounds third to score on a single by Ross Stripling # 68 of the Los Angeles Dodgers in the fifth inning of the game against the Philadelphia Phillies at Dodger Stadium on May 30 , 2018 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Getty Images )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Cody Bellinger runs toward home plate to score on a double hit by Chris Taylor during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers manager Dave Roberts talks to starting pitcher Rich Hill before the team 's baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Chris Taylor gets ready for the team 's baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Philadelphia Phillies starting pitcher Zach Eflin throws against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the first inning of a baseball game , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Ross Stripling follows through on an RBI single during the fifth inning against the Philadelphia Phillies in a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Los Angeles Dodgers ' Cody Bellinger looks away after striking out during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Philadelphia Phillies ' Mitch Walding leans over the rail in an unsuccessful attempt to catch a foul ball hit by Los Angeles Dodgers ' Joc Pederson during the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Los Angeles . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
Dodgers relief pitcher Pat Venditte , right , and catcher Yasmani Grandal celebrate the team 's 8-2 victory over the Phillies on Wednesday night . ( AP Photo/Jae C. Hong )
LOS ANGELES — This reboot is still going strong .
Matt Kemp led an 8-2 thumping of the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night , driving in four runs for the Dodgers with an RBI double , a two-run home run and a sacrifice fly .
Kemp finished the night batting .345 – best in the National League and second only to Boston 's Mookie Betts ( .359 ) . That goes with his .928 OPS ( tied for fifth in the NL ) and .554 slugging percentage ( fourth ) .
It 's the kind of performance that could cost Kemp a four-day vacation in mid-July and land him at the All-Star Game in Washington instead .
Just like we all expected , right ?
“ Just to drive in runs , make things happen , ” Kemp said , minimizing his own expectations as he has since his return to Dodger blue . “ I think that 's the plan every year . Just try to go out there and make things happen for the team . All that good , extra stuff that happens is just icing on the cake . ”
A trip to his first All-Star Game since 2012 might be the most unforeseen icing on this unexpected cake .
“ Of course those things are special . Those are special achievements , ” Kemp said when the possibility was raised . “ But honestly , the All-Star Game is the least of my worries . That 's something they give people for one good half , you know what I 'm saying ?
“ I think my mom would probably enjoy it more than I would . ”
Kemp got off to a hot start last year as well and was batting the same .345 on May 31 . The numbers trailed off , though , and persistent hamstring problems sucked the life out of his season .
But Kemp has become a smarter , more mature hitter in his return to the Dodgers , according to Dave Roberts .
“ Matt 's really grown , ” said Roberts who will have some say on the NL roster as the All-Star manager this year . “ You see his at-bat quality . He 's always been a guy that can drive in a run and get a hit and slug a little bit . But to be able to take the walk , stay out of the double play … stay off the slider down and away , use the whole field — that 's something I have n't seen consistently even when he was at his best . ”
If Kemp is thriving back in his old home , Ross Stripling is making a new home for himself in the Dodgers ' rotation with another dominating performance .
No one has taken better advantage of the opportunity created by the Dodgers ' growing assortment of injuries than Stripling . He took a two-hit shutout into the seventh inning Wednesdayand finished with one run allowed on four hits in seven innings , going deeper into the game in each of his five starts this month . In those starts , he has a 1.24 ERA , a 0.97 WHIP and 40 strikeouts in 29 innings .
“ Strip , unbelievable job again , ” Kemp said . “ We keep saying that every time . He 's mowing guys down , making things happen . ”
Stripling even dropped an RBI single into right field after Phillies manager Gabe Kapler had intentionally walked the No . 8 hitter with two outs in the fifth inning .
After two seasons apprenticing as a swing man out of the bullpen , Stripling acknowledges he could not have envisioned a better scenario than the one he has lived over the past month .
Related Articles Matt Kemp 's L.A. story continues with 4 more RBIs in win over Phillies
Dodgers place Kenta Maeda , Chase Utley on DL and promote Dennis Santana from Triple-A
Angels ' Mike Scioscia passes Tommy Lasorda in managerial victories
Kenta Maeda leaves with a hip injury and Dodgers lose to Phillies
‘ Next man up ' has thrived in Dodgers rotation deprived of Clayton Kershaw “ No , definitely not , ” he said . “ The first couple times I knew it was just , okay , try to get four or five ( innings ) . Try to take as much off the bullpen as you can .
“ I did n't really think it was going to be a long-term thing at the time and now it 's been four , five starts . I did n't really think that at the time , just thought it might be plugging in for one or two . But I 'm certainly happy with the way it 's gone and hope we can keep it going . ”
The Dodgers had plenty of offense without Stripling 's help . In addition to Kemp 's 16th multi-hit game of the season and first four-RBI game as a Dodger since Sept. 2014 , Max Muncy also homered – his seventh homer since being promoted from Triple-A in mid-April . Since May 19 , Muncy has reached base in 10 of 11 games with a fat 1.081 OPS .
The Dodgers ' 13-hit attack also included an RBI double from Chris Taylor . More modestly but perhaps more hopefully , Cody Bellinger had a pair of singles in the win . It was Bellinger 's first multi-hit game since May 8 . In 20 games since then , Bellinger has been unable to part the May gray , going 10 for 72 ( .139 ) with 24 strikeouts .
Warner Bros. released a new trailer for Steven Spielberg 's “ Ready Player One , ” and it takes a much deeper dive into Ernest Cline 's reference-stuffed digital fantasy world known as the OASIS .
Based on Cline 's best-selling novel , the film follows Wade Watts ( Tye Sheridan ) , an ace gamer who lives in a dystopian Ohio in 2045 . Like everyone else in society , he escapes his hellish reality by entering the OASIS , where he is an ace gamer known as Parzival .
The OASIS is turned on its head when its late creator , James Halliday ( Mark Rylance ) , announces a system-wide hunt for an Easter egg he 's hidden in the game . Whoever finds it gets control of the OASIS , as well as his entire fortune . With the help of another skilled treasure hunter named Art3mis ( Olivia Cooke ) , Wade goes hunting for the Easter egg before it 's captured by the corporate giant Innovative Online Industries , whose CEO , Nolan Sorrento ( Ben Mendelsohn ) has hired an army of gamers to find it first .
Cline 's novel was known for dropping references to 80s pop culture in almost every paragraph , but Spielberg 's film will also pull from more recent movies , TV shows , and video games . The Iron Giant , who appeared in the film 's San Diego Comic-Con trailer , can be seen again here , and fans of the hit online shooter “ Overwatch ” will be surprised to find the game 's most popular character , Tracer , in this trailer running into battle alongside Chun-Li from “ Street Fighter . ”
“ Ready Player One ” also stars Simon Pegg and T.J. Miller , with Cline writing the script with Zak Penn ( “ X-Men : The Last Stand ) . The film hits theaters March 30 .
Watch the trailer above .
More to come…
General News of Saturday , 7 October 2017
Source : citifmonline.com
2017-10-07
Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly ( KMA )
Chief Executive Officer of the Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly ( KMA ) , Osei Assibey Antwi , has said the Assembly will soon embark on a mass lay-off of its City Guards who are deemed ‘ unfit ' .
According to Osei Assibey Antwi , 198 guards were screened when he assumed office to weed out the aged , the sick as well as indiscipline and non-performing personnel .
The exercise , he revealed , exposed 46 of the guards without appointment letters , 21 of them engaging in mere labourer work , six ( 6 ) not fit for the position , and 15 cited to be indiscipline and were captured on tape for misconduct .
The 15 personnel who were cited for various offences including alleged extortion have since been sacked .
The Kumasi Mayor made the remarks at a meeting with members of the Kumasi Traditional Council .
He said the conducts of some city guards have dented the image of the Assembly since most of them sent to direct traffic in parts of the city had engaged in alleged bribe-taking .
“ So Nananom [ traditional rulers ] , very soon we shall take it up . Non performing city guards will be sacked , others will be transferred and those who are not fit will also be laid off ” .
He indicated that the Military High Command has also withdrawn a captain stationed at the Assembly to oversee the activities of the guards . He explained that the Military officer was withdrawn because the misconducts occurred under his watch .
He added that the command will soon post a new officer to takeover .
11:49 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Watch : Texas Police prevent fire from spreading to buildings Read more
Police officers carefully remove a car engulfed in flames from near by structures . ► ◄ Last Briefs
By Matt Lombardo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
The Giants signed wide receiver Cody Latimer on Monday , adding a potential deep-threat to the wide receiving corps , and a key contributor on special teams .
Latimer , 25 , was a standout at the University of Indiana and adds some depth to the Giants ' wide receiving corps that is already loaded with talent in Odell Beckham Jr. , and Sterling Shepard .
Here 's a look at five things to know about Latimer :
TAIPEI , Taiwan -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 23 , 2018 -- Extech Electronic Co. ( EEC ) is blowing out the birthday candles as the industry-leading innovator of electrical testing equipment celebrates its 40 th anniversary . This year , the company marks four dynamic decades of proudly ensuring the quality of electrical equipment while protecting the safety of manufacturing workers and consumers worldwide . Wherever electrical products are used , there is a need for technologies that allow manufacturers to exceed the highest quality and safety standards and pass those benefits on to their customers . In recognition of this landmark occasion , EEC is sharing its rich history while forging a new course for the future .
Revolution and Evolution
EEC is commemorating this milestone with several transformative advances that will enhance brand awareness and expand its business in exciting new directions , all with a focus on improving customer satisfaction . EEC is kicking off the celebration with the launch of the www.eecextech.com website , aiming to inspire customer engagement through a modern , user-friendly online platform that integrates social media and direct engagement . The company is also striving to advance the EEC user experience through multi-language support for its feature-rich solutions .
Over its 40-year history , EEC has placed an emphasis on delivering superior products and technologies . The company will continue to explore new horizons to enhance its product lines in both electrical safety testers and AC power sources . This year , EEC will revolutionize its approach by shifting to a solution-oriented focus , bringing a myriad of game-changing solutions to multiple industries . This transformation draws upon four decades of experience creating testing solutions for components that drive and array of outstanding multinational brands such as Apple , Dyson , Panasonic , and others .
Sharing Experience
Forty years in the industry has yielded an unmatched pool of knowledge that EEC aims to share through its EEC Service Program . Manufacturers will gain unprecedented access to the company 's expertise in general electrical safety , testing instrumentation and equipment , and testing standards , while EEC provide advanced training on state-of-the-art industry applications and technology . Consulting services along with hardware specifications are now fully customizable to meet the individual needs .
Since its founding , EEC has established a global presence across 40 countries , and now the company is extending its reach even further with EEC Everywhere . This strategic shift marks an aggressive expansion from direct to indirect sales , opening the door to more distributers and greater service coverage than ever before . As a result , customers can expect almost unlimited availability and unprecedented response times for their requests , enhancing overall customer satisfaction .
The Best is Yet to Come
Looking ahead to an exciting future , EEC remains committed to the highest standards of quality and safety . EEC invites customers old and new to see where the next 40 years take it as the company continues to work with the leading international test laboratories such as UL , TUV , and others to deliver the best possible products , solutions , and services for a safe and satisfying electrical life .
More information about EEC visit : www.eecextech.com .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005537/en/
CONTACT : Extech Electronics Co .
Sasha Wang , +886-2-21653066 # 2201
Jason Hung , +886-2-21653066 # 2217
marketing @ eecextech.com
KEYWORD : ASIA PACIFIC TAIWAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY OTHER ENERGY TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY
SOURCE : Extech Electronic Co .
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/23/2018 10:00 PM/DISC : 04/23/2018 10:00 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005537/en
MIAMI ( AP ) — The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected a Florida man 's latest appeal in a landmark case involving the seizure and destruction of his floating home .
The justices denied without comment Fane Lozman 's petition asking them to enforce their 2013 ruling by ordering the city of Rivera Beach to pay him about $ 365,000 for the home 's value and legal fees . Lower courts also ruled against Lozman , and this was his last appeal .
“ I am disappointed that the lower courts were allowed to ignore the clear ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court in my case without any corrective action being imposed , ” Lozman said in an email . “ Equal justice under law , engraved above the entrance to the Supreme Court , unfortunately , did not happen this time around . ”
The 2013 ruling set a new standard for floating homes and other structures . It meant strict federal maritime law could no longer be applied to disputes involving floating structures that have no traditional characteristics of a vessel , such as an engine , rudder or sails . The decision affected thousands of floating homes and business owners across the U.S. , including floating gambling casinos docked on rivers .
Justice Stephen Breyer , writing for the court 's 7-2 majority , said the decision comes down to a simple proposition : “ Not every floating structure is a vessel . ”
“ To state the obvious , a wooden washtub , a plastic dishpan , a swimming platform on pontoons , a large fishing net , a door taken off its hinges , or Pinocchio ( when inside the whale ) are not ‘ vessels , ' ” Breyer wrote .
The dispute began after Lozman took up residence at a Rivera Beach marina in 2006 . He became involved in a public battle with the city over its plans to turn the marina over to a developer , eventually leading to the seizure and destruction in 2010 of his floating home under maritime law .
Rivera Beach argued that it should n't be forced to pay Lozman because it was acting in good faith under the applicable law at the time , before the Supreme Court decision .
Now Lozman will focus on building a floating stilt home community on 25 acres ( 10 hectares ) of mostly submerged land he purchased along the Intracoastal Waterway north of West Palm Beach — and not far from President Donald Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort .
“ My noble fight to continue to fight political corruption in Palm Beach County will continue , ” Lozman said in the email .
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
> > MORE TOP STORIES
MEMPHIS , Tenn. — Fred 's Inc. has appointed senior vice presidents for general merchandise and consumables merchandising , including the hiring of a former CVS Health executive , and named a senior vice president to oversee its supply chain .
The discount and pharmacy retailer said late Monday that Gregory Froton has joined the company as senior VP of GM merchandising . Most recently , Froton was vice president of GM and international sourcing at CVS , where during a 17-year tenure he held such positions as category manager and divisional merchandising manager . His experience in merchandising covers multiple retail channels , including drug , mass , department and specialty store formats . Before joining CVS , he held director positions at Brookstone and Bradlees Department Stores .
“ Gregory brings to the company an impressive track record of producing innovative merchandise and customer focused solutions to drive sales and margin , ” according to Fred 's chief executive officer Michael Bloom .
Meanwhile , Kimberley Felice-Dooley has been promoted to senior VP of consumables merchandising . Felice-Dooley joined Fred 's in June 2016 as VP of merchandising from CVS , where she had served as director of skin care and fragrance since 2013 . She joined CVS in 2006 as category manager for seasonal candy and in 2011 was named senior category manager . Before coming to CVS , Felice-Dooley was an apparel buyer for Federated Department Stores .
“ Since joining Fred 's Pharmacy in July 2016 , Kimberley has contributed her extensive retail experience and will continue to be a vital component to our consumables growth going forward , ” Bloom said in a statement .
Fred 's said it appointed Steve Wuebker as senior VP of supply chain in December . Previously , Wuebker served as president and CEO of Prospect Brands and , before that , as senior VP of direct-to-consumer and global supply chain at Ralph Lauren Corp. His broad retail and consumer product experience also includes positions at Ross Stores Inc. , Gap Inc. , Toys “ R ” Us Inc. and PepsiCo/Frito-Lay .
“ Steve is a leading global operation executive with expertise in all aspects of operations management , including strategy , FP & A and large-scale business transformation project management , ” Bloom stated , “ and he has already proven an effective and valuable member of the Fred 's Pharmacy team since his appointment a few months ago . ”
Currently , Fred 's operates 644 discount general merchandise stores , including 362 in-store pharmacies , and three specialty pharmacy-only locations in 15 Southeast states . The retailer is poised to become a much bigger retail pharmacy player . In December , Fred 's announced a $ 950 million cash deal to buy 865 Rite Aid drug stores to be divested for antitrust clearance of Walgreens Boots Alliance 's planned acquisition of Rite Aid Corp . The agreement with Fred 's is subject to Federal Trade Commission approval as well as WBA 's completion of the Rite Aid transaction . With the Rite Aid locations , Fred 's would become the third-largest U.S. drug chain , with 1,227 pharmacies in its 1,509 stores overall .
“ We are thrilled to have Greg , Kimberley and Steve join Fred 's Pharmacy . Their extensive retail pharmacy experience and knowledge of our industry make them valuable additions to the leadership team in areas critical to our business , ” Bloom commented . “ As we continue to focus on strengthening our world-class team , Fred 's is well-positioned to execute our transformational strategy , accelerate growth , and enhance our value proposition for the benefit of all our stakeholders . ”
Those finding themselves with business before District Judge Nancy Matos Gonzalez may soon be stepping into one of Bethlehem 's most iconic buildings .
Matos Gonzalez 's South Side office is set to move next month from 202 W. Fourth St. just west to the Flatiron building at 301 Broadway .
Northampton County Council is scheduled to vote May 3 on a 20-year lease .
The office is one of three district courts moving in 2018 . District Judge Daniel Corpora 's office is moving Wednesday from 210 Line St. to 700-C Philadelphia Road , inside the strip mall anchored by CVS on South Side Easton . The office is scheduled to reopen Thursday in the location , with District Judge Antonia Grifo covering for Corpora 's office Wednesday .
Then on Monday , District Judge Alicia Rose Zito 's office is moving from 718 S. Main St. in Bangor to 269 Blue Valley Drive in Roseto , reopening May 1 .
The county tries to move the offices in one day , according to county Deputy Court Administrator Debra French . The job is extensive , though , and includes the phone system , county and state computer systems , copier and other equipment and alarm system setup .
County officials had planned for Matos Gonzalez 's office to move to 322 E. Third St. on South Side Bethlehem . Six weeks before the move , the new landlord announced the lease would be terminated , French said Tuesday .
The county negotiated the proposed Flatiron lease with Sycamore Hill Farm Development LP . But because of the short timeframe on the move , and the need for renovations inside the new court space , Matos Gonzalez 's staff is going to be setting up shop temporarily in the building 's Mezzanine 101 , French said . The move is set for May 14 .
French then anticipates the staff moving within three to six months into Suite A2 , as outlined in the county 's Flatiron building lease .
How much Lehigh Valley property values are projected to rise
The temporary space is costing the county $ 4,000 a month . The 20-year lease begins at $ 7,417.50 a month , with the rent escalating every two years based on the Lehigh Valley 's Consumer Price Index set by the U.S. Department of Labor .
`` It 's a full inclusive lease , '' French said . `` It includes everything , basically , but telephone and internet . It includes plumbing , heat , water , sewer , garbage removal recycling , snow removal . ''
That 'll be the county 's most expensive district court lease , based on figures provided last fall to lehighvalleylive.com , and more than $ 2,000 a month more than the 322 E. Third St. space negotiated for Matos Gonzalez 's court .
Bethlehem 's Flatiron building opened in 1911 as the E.P . Wilbur Trust Co. , according to the South Bethlehem Historical Society . That predates the consolidation of Bethlehem 's boroughs into a city in 1918 . It stands six stories and was designed by famed Bethlehem architect A.W . Leh .
New York City 's similar 22-story Flatiron building was completed in 1902 . Both have a distinctive triangular shape that conforms to the shape of their city block .
District court offices in Pennsylvania are used for criminal preliminary arraignments and preliminary hearings ; traffic and non-traffic citations ; civil disputes ; and weddings .
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow him on Twitter @ KurtBresswein and Facebook . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
NEW YORK — Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points and St. John 's stunned No . 4 Duke 81-77 at Madison Square Garden on Saturday , snapping an 11-game losing streak and handing the suddenly suspect Blue Devils their second loss in eight days .
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm ( 11-13 ) , who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke 's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest win under third-year coach Chris Mullin .
St. John 's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days . Next up , a visit to No . 1 Villanova on Wednesday night .
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils ( 19-4 ) , who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night . Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls .
Outhustled all afternoon , Duke was coming off an easy win over Notre Dame that followed a disappointing 65-63 loss to No . 2 Virginia at home last weekend .
Winless in 11 Big East games this season , the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play . They led by 11 with 6 1/2 minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent 's two free throws with 1:35 to play , its first lead since early in the second half .
Fans of both schools were on their feet in the final minute .
Ponds , who also grabbed seven rebounds in his second consecutive 30-point game , put St. John 's back in front with a driving layup and drained a 3-pointer from the corner to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left .
Greyson Allen 's only 3 seconds later trimmed the margin to one , but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go .
Bagley made one of two foul shots with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go . Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved his arms , spurring on the sellout crowd of 19,812 .
It was the first meeting between the teams since Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski got his 1,000th career win with a 77-68 victory at Madison Square Garden on Jan. 25 , 2015 .
BIG PICTURE
Duke : Fell to 34-19 at the Garden , including 29-11 under Coach K. … The Blue Devils will be back in New York City next month for the ACC Tournament across the river at Barclays Center in Brooklyn . … Duke leads the all-time series 16-7 .
St. John 's : After three losses this season to top-10 opponents , the Red Storm finally broke through . They have played the fifth-toughest schedule in the country this season according to the NCAA , the school said .
FIVE STAR
The matchup between two of the top-10 winningest programs in Division I history was played in tribute to the late Howard Garfinkel , who ran the famous Five-Star Basketball Camp from 1966-2008 , attracting many of the game 's greatest players before they blossomed in college . The logo at centre court read “ The Garf . ”
UP NEXT
Duke : Plays at North Carolina on Thursday night , the first of two regular-season meetings between the longtime rivals .
St. John 's : In their first meeting with top-ranked Villanova this season , the Red Storm lost 78-71 on Jan. 13 at Madison Square Garden .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
Onnoghen updates Buhari on activities of judiciary
Chief Justice of Nigeria ( CJN ) Justice Walter Onnoghen , on Tuesday , updated President Muhammadu Buhari on activities of the nation 's judiciary .
Onnoghen , who spoke to State House correspondents on the outcome of the closed door meeting with the President , said he kept the president abreast of the latest developments in the judiciary .
He added that “ I am here to felicitate with Mr President .
“ As you are aware , he has just returned from the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting as head of Federal Government delegation and there is the need for regular interaction to keep him abreast of the latest developments in the judiciary . ”
The CJN , who expressed satisfaction over the performance of judges in the fight against corruption , said the setting up of Commission for the Prevention of Corruption ( COMPRECO ) had assisted in this direction .
Onnoghen added that judges should not be blamed for the delay in dispensation of justice in the country .
He said : “ l believe that you know , with your experience of many years of practice that there has never been a situation in which any case was taken to court and decided upon and the judge was not there to listen to the case or having finished hearing , he refused to deliver judgment .
“ So , when cases are not tried expeditiously and the judge is there , ready to listen to the case , you come and for one reason or the other , you take a date to adjourn the case , and the court grants the adjournment which is normal during proceedings , you can not turn round and blame the judge for that .
“ These are basic things that everybody must know . We must all work together , cooperate for the system to move forward . But if you keep thinking that the judiciary is the culprit in this delay process , you are not telling the whole story .
“ It is not the judiciary that would go and arrest someone before looking for evidence ; it is not the judiciary that would go into investigations .
“ We do not operate the inquisitional mode of justice as it is practiced by the French . Our own is that an independent body must investigate , prosecute , while the judge decides . ''
On creation of special courts for speedy dispensation of justice in the country , Onnoghen said it was not the responsibility of the office of the CJN or the judiciary to set up such courts .
According to him , it is the executive in conjunction with the legislature that has the prerogative of setting up special courts .
He , however , expressed the readiness of the judiciary to provide the necessary manpower and logistics for smooth running of such courts when established .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Man , 75 , remanded for defiling 2 girls in Niger – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
When William Cornick murdered Ann Maguire at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds two years ago , he became the first pupil to kill a teacher in a British classroom .
But police figures show at least 38 weapons were seized in or near West Yorkshire schools during 2016 – the equivalent of three every month .
A lot of our focus is around education and prevention . Chief Inspector Alisa Newman
They include lock knives , stanley knives and craft knives as well as four knuckle dusters and a pistol .
The most commonly held though were kitchen knives , with 13 seized by police during the course of the year .
In addition , at least 52 offences of possessing a weapon were recorded where the item was not specified .
It is little wonder then , that police recognise the need to teach schoolchildren in Leeds about the risks to themselves and others if they decide to carry a weapon .
Chief Inspector Alisa Newman , who oversees the force 's work in Leeds schools , said : “ A lot of our focus is around education and prevention . Knives cost lives . ”
REVEALED : Figures show knife crime is on the rise in Leeds
‘ Never again ' says mum of stabbed Leeds teenager who wants an end to city 's knife crime
A total of 36 secondary schools in Leeds have a dedicated Safer Schools officer whose role includes talking to young people about drugs , weapons , rights , responsibilities and crime levels where they live .
“ That 's key to interacting and engaging children around risks they pose themselves and others , ” said Chief Insp Newman . “ We 're also talking with children 's social care to look at a package for primary schools as well .
“ With the schools engagement , it 's really important around all of the risk areas for children we start as early as we can . ”
It might seem unnecessary to be teaching younger children about the dangers of carrying weapons , but one Freedom of Information request reveals that the youngest child in West Yorkshire to have a weapon confiscated between 2013 and 2015 was just seven years old .
The same data showed that almost 60 per cent of the pupils who had weapons confiscated from them at school during that period were aged between 11 and 14 years old .
Chief Insp Newman said the reasons for young people carrying a weapon can be varied , but bullying or fear of becoming a victim of crime can both be factors .
“ There 's certainly cases where people may feel it does give them a level of protection , ” she said .
“ Part of the education and engagement is looking at why they might feel pressurised and look at the broader issues that may be affecting a community or school . It 's just as important as taking the weapon away . ”
Nigerian Navy speaks on recruitment , warns applicants against fraudsters
The Nigerian Navy ( NN ) on Wednesday said it will make a public announcement whenever its recruitment process commences . It also alerted Nigerians on the activities of fraudsters currently operating fake online recruitment sites . This is contained in a statement issued by the Director of Information , Navy Capt . Suleiman Dahun in Abuja . Dahun said for the [ … ]
Nigerian Navy speaks on recruitment , warns applicants against fraudsters
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Former National Publicity Secretary of the Progressives Congress , APC , Timi Frank , has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to use the resources of the Department of State Services , DSS , to fish out the owners of the $ 43m recently uncovered by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , in an apartment in Ikoyi , Lagos State . The [ … ]
Why killings persist in Zamfara , by Gov Yari
Zamfara State Governor , Abdulaziz Yari yesterday explained reasons behind unending killings especially in the remote areas of the state .
Yari lamented that the bandits are using more sophisticated weapons that government security operatives are using .
The state government , he said is finding it difficult to tackle he bandits because they are the only people that are conversant with the areas .
Yari disclosed this today in Zamfara when he hosted the Nigeria Union of Journalists , ( NUJ ) , delegation led by the National President , Waheed Odusile on a democracy dividends media tour of the state .
He informed the journalists that : “ As I am talking to you today we do not have any helicopters that can respond to any distress call . We need roads to travel . Before you can not speed your car more than 20 kilometers per hour and the bandits took that advantage to also attack people on the road . ”
The governor who expressed sadness about the development in the state emphasized the need to have state police to assist the federal police whom he described as inadequate to protect lives and property .
His words : “ The reason why the bandits becomes difficult to tackle is because they are the only people that are conversant with the area . They are using the transport and weapons that Conventional securities are not using . And we do not have sophisticated weapons like them . I know the need of my people .
“ We are matured for the state police . Now we are having serious problem in tackling the bandits . If you look at our problems today , we are internal security problems . And the police are the right people to provide intelligence , but it appears the police are either not too clear about the situation , or they are not adequate to tackle the problem of insecurity . We are concern about the number of the Nigerian police because they are very inadequate to tackle this security problem .
“ If we are given the opportunity to have the state police after all we are paying the police men with us here that are on additional duties , given them many other things only arms we are not buying for them . But all the logistics of transportation we have been providing it for them . So if we can do that then we can take up the other responsibilities . We do not want the Federal Government to use the police against the opposition . So we are ripe enough for state police because it will compliment the efforts of the Federal Government .
“ There was an incident that happened in 2013 where we got intelligent report that people are planning a attack in one of our villages called Kwangiga and the information came to us two months before the attack . The information was given through the police headquarters and the then state commissioner of police brought that letter to me that the bandits are on there way and that we need to increase the patrol and the police men in that area and I said he should go ahead . And they brought about two units in addition to the one unit that was there . Numbering about 180 mobile policemen in that area . After two months when I was about to travel out of the country , the commissioner came to me that he received signal yesterday to withdraw the all the policemen . I told him not to withdraw them and he said ok sir .
“ I then traveled to Ukraine before I came back the then minister of state finance called me about what has happened in the state and if I was aware and I said no . To my surprise the policemen were withdrawn and the bandits entered the village and killed 44 people . This is why I am in support of state police because if the police commissioner knows that I will fire him he will not withdraw the police men . After that he was transferred and promoted to AIG . ”
When asked if President Muhammadu Buhari deserves re-election , Yari said Mr. President should be voted back to power adding that he has tried by rescuing the economy of the country .
He said : ” Buhari has performed well and he deserves second term . Look at theirs sued of bail out fund to states . ”
The NUJ president , Waheed Odusile praised the governor for his efforts at ensuring security in the state among other developmental projects .
He urged him not to rest on his oars at making the people further enjoy the dividends of democracy .
The post Why killings persist in Zamfara , by Gov Yari appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MOSCOW — Declaring a victory in Syria , Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation .
Putin 's surprise visit marked his first trip to Syria , drawing a symbolic line under the campaign that has shored up President Bashar Assad 's government . It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since its bloodletting started nearly seven years ago .
Putin 's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria 's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt came days after the Russian president declared his bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote , helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia 's revived global clout and prestige .
It also followed the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army , with the help of Russian airstrikes , routed the Islamic State group in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the country 's border with Iraq .
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base , the Russian leader hailed their “ excellent ” performance in Syria .
“ You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage , valour , team spirit , decisiveness and excellent skills , ” said . “ The Motherland is proud of you . ”
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015 , when Assad 's government was teetering on the brink of collapse , and quickly changed the course of the conflict in his favour . Russian officials say troops in Syria were there mainly to fight “ terrorists ” including militants of the Islamic State group and al-Qaida affiliates , but they also heavily targeted other rebel factions opposed to Assad , allowing his troops to claw back significant territory over the past two years .
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years , including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi .
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base , embracing and shaking hands with Assad . The two then visited a military operations room at the base .
The Hemeimeem base , located in a region that is the heartland of Assad 's Alawite minority , has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria .
“ Here in Syria , far away from our borders , you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists , ” Putin said , facing the troops lined up on the tarmac . “ You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country . We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia . ”
In his speech , Putin also said that he had ordered the military to withdraw a “ significant part ” of the Russian contingent in Syria .
“ Friends , the Motherland is waiting for you , ” Putin said . “ You are coming back home with victory ! ”
He added that “ if the terrorists again raise their heads , we will deal such blows to them they have never seen . ”
Putin , however , said the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and the naval facility in Tartus .
Gen. Sergei Surovikin , the Russian military commander in Syria , reported to Putin that the military will pull out 23 warplanes , two helicopter gunships , special forces units , military police and field engineers .
Surovikin said that the remaining forces will be sufficient to “ successfully fulfil the tasks ” to stabilize the situation in Syria . He would n't say how many troops and weapons would stay behind .
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost . Moscow also has signed a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years , which could be extended if both parties agree .
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes . It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships , including cruiser-sized vessels .
After seeing troops march to the tunes of military marches , Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots , who said they will fly back home later in the day .
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for his troops ' “ effective contribution ” to the fight against terrorism in Syria , which he said the Syrian people “ will never forget . ”
“ Syria has been saved as a sovereign , independent state , refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations ' auspices , ” Putin said .
# Brexit : Theresa May Announces General Election on June 8 , three Years Ahead of Schedule
Embed from Getty Images Britons will head to the polls on June 8 , 2017 , three years ahead of schedule , Prime Minister Theresa May announced on Tuesday , saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union . The pound strengthened by almost half [ … ]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JERSEY CITY , N.J. — A former New Jersey church pastor who fled the country after he was convicted of sexually assaulting a teenage boy has been sentenced to more time behind bars .
Gregorio Martinez received a five-year prison term Monday for bail jumping . He will start serving the term once he completes a four-year sentence he got last July for the sex assault .
Martinez is native of the Dominican Republic and once was a Pentecostal preacher . He was convicted in February 2015 of molesting a 13-year-old boy he knew through a North Bergen church . Martinez fled and remained at large until he was apprehended in Honduras in August 2016 .
Authorities had been searching for him since he failed to appear at a pre-sentencing hearing .
Martinez still faces charges stemming from the alleged sexual assaults of three other males .
Getty Image
A day after reports indicated that President Trump plans to “ decertify ” the Iran Nuclear Deal — because he does n't feel that the agreement serves U.S. interests , although it serves to limit Iran 's nuclear capabilities — the Nobel Peace Prize has arrived with remarkable timing . This year 's award goes to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons ( ICAN ) , a grassroots organization full of activists who want to eliminate the approximiately 15,000 nuclear weapons scattered around the globe .
ICAN , a Switzerland-based group , shall how receive $ 1.1 million as part of its honor , which will go a long way toward its campaign for a global treaty to altogether ban nukes . According to the Associated Press , the prize committee wanted to send a message — to both President Trump on Iran but also regarding his ongoing feud with Kim Jong-un — with this award :
The prize committee wanted “ to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations , ” Oeivind Stenersen , a historian of the peace prize , told The Associated Press . “ The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal . I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state . ”
ICAN does face a long road ahead toward their desired global treaty . As of now , 3 of the required 50 countries needed for ratification have signed on , but the Nobel Committees , at least , have given the group their stamp of approval . Further , the award arrives after the U.S. president has not only stoked North Korean aggression by constantly tweeting about “ Rocket Man , ” but there 's also the not-so-small matter of Russia . Less than a year ago , Vladimir Putin and Trump were both signaling an increase in their countries ' respective nuclear arsenals .
For its part , ICAN is understandably thrilled . Executive Director Beatrice Fihn told the press that she first thought the award was “ a prank ” before reality set in . Fihn then issued a statement :
“ [ This award ] sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior . We will not support it , we will not make excuses for it , we ca n't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security . That 's not how you build security . ”
Recently , ICAN protesters gathered in Berlin outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies to draw attention to the latter 's continued nuclear and missile tests . With North Korea reportedly eying a Columbus Day provocation , the Nobel Peace Prize recipient this year could n't possibly be more relevant .
( Via Associated Press & Washington Post )
TAMPA , Fla. — Yankees outfielder Jacoby Ellsbury is expected to start the regular season on the disabled list because of an oblique injury that has kept him out of exhibition games since March 1 .
Ellsbury had been scheduled to play Tuesday against Detroit , but his return was pushed back because he has flu-like symptoms . Ellsbury is projected as a backup outfielder after losing the starting centre-field job to Aaron Hicks last season .
“ Just a bummer , ” Yankees manager Aaron Boone said Monday , calling the DL stint “ very likely . ”
“ Just too hard to get him into enough games , ” Boone said . “ The good thing , at least , we feel like he 's totally healed up from his injury . ”
Ellsbury 34-year-old is guaranteed $ 21,142,857 in each of the next three seasons as part of a $ 153 million , seven-year contract that includes a $ 21 million team option for 2021 with a $ 5 million buyout .
Brett Gardner is the starting left fielder , and Giancarlo Stanton and Aaron Judge will rotate between right field and designated hitter . Stanton also could get time in left when Gardner is rested , especially against left-handed pitchers .
Ellsbury hit .264 with seven homers and 39 RBIs in 112 games last season . He was sidelined from May 24 until June 26 after sustaining a concussion against the centre-field fence while making a spectacular catch to rob Kansas City 's Alcides Escobar .
Notes : Alex Rodriguez arrived at camp in his role as special adviser . He is scheduled for broadcast Thursday 's game against Minnesota in Fort Myers for ESPN .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
YouTube
The heel turn of Sami Zayn at Hell in a Cell in October was the best turn of any wrestler in WWE this year . Zayn was going nowhere as a babyface on Raw earlier in the year , and it did n't get much better when he was sent to Smackdown . That feud with Mike Bennett over the Power of Love ? That did n't help either guy .
It is n't Zayn 's fault that he floundered . With Spandex had long been banging the drum of Sami as pro wrestling 's last remaining good guy . Blame the creative team for never really giving him a chance to show what he can do as one of the best in-ring performers in WWE , and one of the easiest-to-root-for characters of all time , right up there with Daniel Bryan . But the big problem with an underdog — one that WWE seems unable to grasp at times — is that they occasionally need to win the big one . Or any one .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
When Zayn helped his best buddy Kevin Owens beat Shane McMahon , it was shocking , but it also opened up a lot of possibilities for Zayn 's future in WWE . There 's a saying in wrestling about how when you are given the ball , you should run with it . That 's exactly what Zayn is doing . Sarcastic skanking ? Check . Being a focal point of Smackdown ? Double check . But he 's still stuck in an extremely frustrating storyline with Shane McMahon , and while the payoff could be spectacular , we 're all sort of still waiting for the other shoe to drop .
It 's very possible that big ( or at least bigger ) things are in store for Sami Zayn . To that end , I offer a modest proposal : I think Sami Zayn should win the 2018 Royal Rumble to earn a shot at the WWE Championship at WrestleMania 34 . Here are three reasons why this move would make a lot of sense . Not just for him , but for WWE .
IN FORM : Tin Can Bay golfer Chase Rendell has defended his National Age Division Championship . He will now represent Australia in Sydney .
GOLF : At Six-years-of-age , Tin Can Bay golfer Chase Rendell has achieved more in the sport than many of his contemporaries .
The young golfing dynamo did what few have done before him , defending his Australian Junior Age Division Championship at the Capricorn Resort Golf Club in Yepoon last week .
Carding rounds of 35 , 35 and 34 respectively , Rendell went into the final round with a single shot lead but managed to extend that to five shots after a blistering start .
`` Talk about nerves , ” Chase 's father Greg told The Gympie Times after his sons win .
`` I did n't sleep at all before the final round but Chase slept fine .
`` He was confident all the way through .
`` He knew what he was doing and he backed himself , ” he said . The tournament , which sees Australia 's best up and coming golfers square-off , acts a qualifier for the World Age Championships held in Las Vegas .
While Rendell made the international journey last year , he will forgo the trip in 2017 and instead concentrate on wearing the green and gold in Sydney in a fortnight .
MONTREAL — If you want to experience the real Montreal , come in February .
While it may seem a hard sell given the city 's packed lineup of summer festivals , the organizers of Montreal en Lumiere argues the city actually shines brightest in the wintertime .
“ If you have to visit Canada , the idea is n't to visit in the summer , ” said Maurin Auxemery , who co-ordinates the 11-day winter festival 's concert lineup .
“ It 's a winter country , it 's a cold country , so people should visit in February rather than in May , June , or July . ”
To entice visitors , organizers have put together a lineup of events based on three themes : arts , fine dining and outdoor activities .
The event , which is sometimes referred to as the High Lights festival , was founded in 2000 and has grown to be one of the city 's largest , attracting more than one million visitors annually .
Auxemery admits that sometimes it can be tough to attract big-name artists , who may shy away from the cold and often are n't touring in February .
As a result , the festival has become known for what it calls “ Montreal premieres , ” featuring local performers presenting the first show of their upcoming tours .
So while this year 's festival includes well-known international artists such as jazz vocalist Gregory Porter , British-based singer ALA.NI and American singer-songwriter LP , Auxemery says it 's also a chance for visitors to get to know some talented Quebec artists .
These include local favourites such as The Franklin Electric and Isabelle Boulay as well as up-and-comers such as Gabrielle Shonk , a folk-soul artist from Quebec City who Auxemery describes as “ one of the most natural artists I 've ever seen . ”
The more than 200 shows are scattered around a number of venues and also include dance , circus and theatre performances .
For foodies , the festival offers a full lineup of culinary activities that go far beyond the standard “ restaurant week ” offerings , according to festival spokesman Jean-Pierre Curtat .
In honour of this year 's theme of knowledge transfer , the festival is offering family cooking workshops , demonstrations by culinary schools from around the world , conferences and a culinary walking tour of Old Montreal .
The festival is also highlighting Quebec 's lesser-known Cote-Nord region by bringing in chefs from that area who make use of local ingredients from the boreal forest .
Many of the activities , Curtat says , focus on involving the audience to give them a unique experience .
As an example , he cites the festival 's series “ Planete Montreal , ” which pairs top restaurants with celebrity guest chefs such as singers or Olympic athletes .
“ You have to see it like an artistic performance , ” he said . “ Restaurateurs do n't just do a special menu , they do activites that are out of the extraordinary . ”
True to its name , the festival also includes a number of outdoor lighting shows aimed at brightening up the short winter days .
These include Illuminart , a series of outdoor interactive light displays that combine light , art and technology .
There 's also a free outdoor site with family-friendly activities that in past years have included a zip line , a ferris wheel , and free outdoor concerts .
And on the night of March 3 there 's Nuit Blanche , an all-night event featuring hundreds of activities , most of which are free .
Curtat says the night is a fitting cap to a festival that 's all about embracing winter rather than hiding from it .
“ In the winter we have a tendency to stay inside in front of the fire , ” he said .
“ This is a way to live winter and to see that even in winter it 's friendly , it 's fun , and we can do things that are very artistic . ”
The festival runs next Feb. 22-March 4 . For more information , visit http : //www.montrealenlumiere.com
Sculptor Turry Lindstrom creates contorted fanciful metal dreams
This month , one of Chattanooga 's best and brightest young sculptors is moving away to pursue his career in Los Angeles , and we will miss him .
Turry Lindstrom 's H.R . Giger-esque non-objective sculptures are visions of alien forms , conceived by the unconscious . The contorted metal of these haunting works writhes and dances like robotic creatures from sci-fi movies , inhabiting their bases with an uncanny balance .
Turry was born and raised into art by his father , portrait artist Bart Lindstrom . “ We would always go to museums—I have been to over 50 museums during my childhood , ” he says , reminiscing about his youth and when his father would travel around the country painting family portraits . “ I 've grown up absorbing and being saturated by art . You could say art is in my genes because my father is an artist . ”
His sister followed in her father 's footsteps , becoming a portrait artist as well and thus intimidating Turry by his family 's creative prowess .
“ I grew up feeling like I was never good at drawing , like I could never do what they did. ” Turry says . “ They could do such great imagery , and I did n't feel like I had a natural knack for it . ”
He did , however , have an eye for it—a subtle understanding of art .
“ My sister has always loved my opinions about her art , ” he explains . “ She would ask me about it , and I would look at it , and give her an answer , and I would see her adjust to my answer . ”
He was surprised by her reactions , which served to inspire him . Her words of encouragement gave him confidence . She told him that had more creativity in one of his fingertips than she had in her whole body , but he just did n't know it yet .
He did n't find a medium that he was comfortable with until his early twenties , when he started a career working on hydro turbines inside of dams , giving him his introduction to metalworking .
“ We would have to re-shape the big fins where all of the water flows through the metal tunnels for the turbines to spin , ” Turry reminisces . “ That is where I learned how to shape , mold , and really understand the element of metal . After a few years of doing that , I remember walking up to a huge metal sculpture in a park , and I looked at it and was able to figure out exactly how they did it . ”
He was incredulous . “ That 's all you did ? ” he thought to himself . He felt a stirring in his heart , and realized that if he had a chance to do sculpture , he would be good at it . “ I could just feel it , ” he explains . “ I just understood it , I could see how they created it—as opposed to when I 'm looking at somebody 's paintings , and I look in close , and see a hundred tiny strokes that create a shadow area—I ca n't even understand how to do that . ”
When Turry saw metal sculptures , he could dissect them , and understand them . That was his first bit of “ seeing it. ” He became frustrated with working day jobs , and decided to be a metal artist . He built up the courage to ask his stepfather Tony Roland , a patron of the arts , for some help .
Tony set him up with equipment , materials , and helped him to turn his garage into a studio , giving him the push to get into sculptural metal working .
That became a deep diving into himself , to figure out what it is to be an artist—to find the boldness to create something , and call it his own .
“ I remembered this pattern that I used to draw as a little kid . I could never draw , but if I drew this pattern , it would make cool shapes and designs , ” he says . “ I drew this pattern on the metal , and cut it out , and I noticed that the metal stayed together no matter how I drew it . ”
That pattern became the basis for his sculptural style , which is as distinctive as it is relatable . As his style started to grow , he began to identify with Pollock and Basquiat , to let himself go and allow his unconscious to take over .
“ Every time I did that , it had a feel of balance to it , ” Turry elaborates . “ Let it go , feel it , balance , feel the flow . ”
In a few short weeks , Turry is moving out west to sculpt full time , making a new body of work that is designed to hang on walls . “ I never want to feel like I have arrived somewhere in my work , ” he says . “ I want to keep growing , ebbing and flowing , and see how far my creativity can take me . ”
The winning numbers in Friday 's Lotto Max draws for an estimated $ 33 million : 3 , 8 , 9 , 24 , 28 , 31 & 44 .
Bonus 32 .
In the event of any discrepancy between this list and the official winning numbers , the latter shall prevail .
For the first time in 16 years , St. Louis is welcoming a new mayor into office .
The shift in power from Francis Slay to Lyda Krewson led Curious Louis participant and St. Louis native , Whitney Panneton to ask St. Louis Public Radio : What exactly does the mayor do ?
The city of St. Louis has a reputation for a weak mayor system , which means answering Panneton 's question also necessitates a look at the limitations on the mayor 's power .
Just as important as what the mayor can do is what the mayor ca n't do . Hear from a local political science professor , the outgoing mayor , and a handful of unsatisfied voters on mayoral power and its limitations .
“ There 's a bit of the wizard behind the curtain here , ” said political science professor at the University of Missouri-St. Louis , Terry Jones .
“ Is the public somewhat unrealistic in wanting protection against having too powerful a mayor , but then wanting the mayor to get something done ? ” Jones continued . “ Yes . ”
St. Louis Public Radio illustrator Rici Hoffarth takes us through what the mayor does — web comic style :
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . A police vehicle blocks a road leading to the scene of an explosion , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas .
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . FBI agents meet at the scene of an explosion in Austin , Texas , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas ' capital late Sunday , after three package bombs deto ...
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . A bomb detecting unit walks along a street near the scene of an explosion , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas .
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . FBI agents work the scene of an explosion in Austin , Texas , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas ' capital late Sunday , after three package bombs detonat ...
By PAUL J. WEBER and WILL WEISSERT
Associated Press
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - The hunt for the serial bomber who has been leaving deadly explosives in packages on Austin doorsteps took an even more sinister turn Monday when investigators said the fourth and latest blast was triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire .
Police and federal agents said that suggests a `` higher level of sophistication '' than they have seen before , and means the carnage is now random , rather than targeted at someone in particular .
`` The game went up a little bit - well , it went up a lot yesterday with the tripwire , '' Christopher Combs , FBI agent in charge of the bureau 's San Antonio division , said in an interview .
Two people have now been killed and four wounded in bombings over a span of less than three weeks .
The latest blast happened Sunday night in southwest Austin 's quiet Travis Country neighborhood , wounding two men in their 20s who were walking in the dark . They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition .
The three earlier bombings involved parcels that were left on doorsteps and blew up when they were moved or opened .
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin , a town famous for its cool , hipster attitude .
`` It 's creepy , '' said Erin Mays , 33 . `` I 'm not a scared person , but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff . ''
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public , especially one with wires protruding .
`` We 're very concerned that with tripwires , a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something , '' Combs said .
Authorities said they are looking at a variety of possible motives , including domestic terrorism or a hate crime . Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating , and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $ 115,000 .
`` We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point , '' Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said , citing similarities among the four bombs . He would not elaborate , though , saying he did n't want to undermine the investigation .
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35 , a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent , Sunday 's was west of the highway . Also , both victims this time are white , while those killed or wounded in the earlier attacks were black or Hispanic .
Those differences made it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern , further unnerving a city on edge .
Thad Holt , 76 , said he is now watching his steps as he makes his way through a section of town near the latest attack . `` I think everybody can now say , 'Oh , that 's like my neighborhood , ' '' he said .
Fred Milanowski , agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail .
`` It was a thin wire or filament , kind of like fishing line , '' he said . `` It would have been very difficult for someone to see . ''
Milanowski said authorities have checked over 500 leads . Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people .
Noel Holmes , whose house is about a mile away , was stunned by how loud the explosion was .
`` It sounded like a very nearby cannon , '' Holmes said . `` We went out and heard all the sirens , but it was eerie . You did n't feel like you should be outside at all . ''
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts . University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger , saying , `` We must look out for one another . '' None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin .
The PGA 's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday , and dozens of the world 's top golfers were to begin arriving .
`` I 'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here . But this is scary what 's happening , '' said golfer Jhonattan Vegas , already in town .
Andrew Zimmerman , a 44-year-old coffee shop worker , said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks .
`` This makes me sick , '' he said .
___
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LONDON — Britain 's High Court has dismissed a lawsuit against an IVF clinic by a man who says his ex-wife forged his signature to conceive a child using an egg fertilized with his sperm .
A judge said the clinic had n't been negligent , but slammed the “ desperate , dishonest ” behaviour of the man 's former wife .
The man , identified only as ARB , says his ex-wife forged his name on a consent-to-thaw form for an embryo the couple had frozen before their split .
The embryo was transplanted at a London clinic in October 2010 and a daughter born the following summer .
ARB sued , seeking damages to cover the cost of the child 's upkeep .
Judge Robert Jay ruled in the clinic 's favour Friday but said his judgment was “ a complete personal and moral vindication for ARB . ”
TAMPA , Fla. — With the clock running down in a tie game , the Detroit Lions did n't have any qualms about the ball being in Matthew Stafford 's injured throwing hand .
They 've come to expect their quarterback to find a way to lead them to victory in those situations , and Stafford did n't disappoint Sunday , when he threw for 381 yards and set up Matt Prater for a 46-yard field goal in the closing seconds to beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 24-21 .
The victory stopped a two-game skid and kept the Lions ( 7-6 ) in playoff contention with three games remaining .
“ I just think we have a lot of confidence . I think guys that have been around here have understood that sometimes that 's the way the game boils down . We go out there and make plays , ” Stafford said after directing a winning drive in the fourth quarter or overtime for the 32nd time in his career .
“ When you have success , it breeds confidence , ” he added , “ Frankly , there 's been some times this year where we have n't been successful in those situations , some really close calls in some other games . It feels good to get back out there and have a two-minute drive , go down there and win the game . ”
Stafford made his 109th consecutive start despite being limited in practice after his right hand was stepped on during the previous week at Baltimore . He completed 36 of 44 attempts against the Bucs ( 4-9 ) , and the Lions overcame two interceptions and a fumble to stay alive for a playoff spot .
Jameis Winston rallied Tampa Bay , which has lost eight of 10 following a 2-1 start , with a pair of fourth-quarter TD passes . But once again , the Bucs ' defence could n't hold off an opponent down the stretch .
A week ago , the Bucs led by a field goal in the closing minutes of regulation before losing 26-20 in overtime at Green Bay .
“ This team is always going to fight . We 've just got to learn how to come out on the other side of these things , ” Tampa Bay defensive tackle Gerald McCoy said .
“ We fought back last week . We fought back this week , ” McCoy , who left the game in the opening half with a biceps injury . “ It 's a fine line between winning and losing . The fine line was a field goal today . ”
Stafford moved the Lions 49 yards in eight plays to set up Prater 's winning kick with 20 seconds left — the fourth winning drive he 's led this season .
“ Tough guy who heals quickly . It 's always been that way , ” Lions coach Jim Caldwell said . “ He 's a great leader . Did a tremendous out there for us under tough circumstances . … He threw the ball pretty well . I 'm sure it was n't easy , but he did a nice job . ”
Stafford threw a 5-yard TD pass to Golden Tate and Theo Riddick scored on runs of 2 and 18 yards to help the Lions take a 21-7 lead into the fourth quarter .
Winston , who threw two interceptions and lost a fumble , led a 75-yard drive that he finished with a 2-yard scoring pass to O.J . Howard and then used a 40-yard pass interference call against Detroit cornerback DJ Hayden to set a 2-yard TD throw to seldom-used offensive lineman Leonard Wester to make it 21-21 with eight minutes remaining .
Winston completed 26 of 38 passes for 285 yards . His fumble led to Riddick 's second TD run . Tampa Bay finished with five turnovers , and Winston was sacked three times .
The loss ensures the Bucs , who have n't made the playoffs since 2007 , will finish with a losing record . The team entered this season with heightened expectations after going 9-7 in their first year under coach Dirk Koetter , who now finds himself deflecting questions about whether his relationship with Winston — the top pick in the 2015 draft — is deteriorating .
“ That 's obviously news to me . I think Jameis and I have an extremely consistent relationship for the last three years . I do n't think anything 's different about it , but that 's just my opinion , ” the coach added before shrugging off another question about if he was concern about speculation about a possible riff between the two .
“ It concerns me that we 're not winning enough games . That 's my biggest concern , ” Koetter said . “ I know the truth about our relationship . My big concern is our football team . ”
TOUGH GUY
Stafford 's streak of 109 consecutive starts is the third-longest among NFL quarterbacks behind Matt Ryan ( 128 ) and Philip Rivers ( 119 ) .
BAD CALL
It took two replay reviews for officials to get it right on a play initially ruled an incomplete pass and 15-yard penalty against the Lions for a hit on a defenceless receiver in the first half .
Officials first looked at Winston 's first-quarter completion to Howard , who fumbled after being hit in the shoulder by safety Quandre Diggs at Detroit 's 18-yard line . The Bucs retained possession when the play was ruled an incompletion and that a 15-yard penalty should be assessed from the spot of the previous play .
The Lions then successfully challenged the ruling of an incomplete pass . Following another review , referee Ed Hochuli announced Howard indeed caught the ball and took four steps before being hit , and the Lions were awarded the ball on the fumble recovery . There was no foul for the hit , which was legal .
INJURIES
Lions : Played without RT Rick Wagner ( ankle ) , who was inactive .
Buccaneers : DT Gerald McCoy left in the first half with a shoulder/biceps injury and did not return .
UP NEXT
Lions : Return home to face Chicago on Saturday .
Buccaneers : Begin a stretch of three consecutive games to end the season against NFC South rivals , hosting Atlanta next Monday night .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Budget 2017 : Our fears , hopes , by stakeholders
Despite signing the 2017 Appropriation Bill into law six months behind schedule , stakeholders believe the real issue is with the implementation of the Appropriation Law , report SIMEON EBULU , LUCAS AJANAKU , OKWY IROEGBU-CHIKEZIE , EMEKA UGWUANYI COLLINS NWEZE and TOBA AGBOOLA .
NIGERIANS have been expressed their reservations over the the 2017 Appropriation Bill since it was signed into law on Tuesday . They speak of their fears and expectations of the N7.44 trillion Budget of Economic Recovery and Growth .
The Appropriation Bill was on Monday signed into law at the State House in Abuja by Acting President Yemi Osinbajo , about 25 days after it was passed at a joint session of the Senate and House of Representatives by the National Assembly .
Not a few of the stakeholders expressed concern that an Appropriation Law that should have started running since January was being signed almost halfway into the year .
The former Executive Director , Keystone Bank Limited , Richard Obire , said the delay in signing the budget was not good for the economy , pointing out that the Federal Government has barely six months to implement the document .
He , however , said that the delay may not affect the implementation of the recurrent expenditure , considering that the government has been paying salaries to workers . On the other hand , he said the capital expenditure remains the aspect adversely affected by the delay .
He said : “ By delaying the signing of the budget , many projects that would have been initiated and scheduled for completiion within the period may not be completed within the fiscal year ” , adding that the delay will rub off negatively on the budget implementation .
Noting that the N143 billion injected into the budget by the National Assembly is on the expenditure side , Obire said increasing the expenditure vote would trigger an increment on the deficit side of the budget , a development he said , would require more borrowing .
He argued that more cash would be required through borrowing , thus increasing the chances of the government competing with private sector operators in the debt market .
“ That delay was not good at all for the economy . But now that it has been signed , the next approach will be to ensure it is well implemented for its positive impact to bear on the economy to be realised , ” he said .
He said the recurrent expenditure was estimated at N2.99 trillion , capital expenditure ( N2.18 trillion ) and N2.36 trillion was allocated to fiscal deficit .
The highlight of the budget showed that the Ministry of Power , Works & Housing got the highest vote of N586.54 billion . The Transport Ministry got N256.52 billion and Education and Healt ministries were allocated N455.41 billion and N308.46 billion respectively .
A one-time president of the Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria ( CIBN ) , Okechukwu Unegbu , said that signing the budget was not as important as what the budget can do to the economy . “ It is not about signing . The question is : will the budget help the economy ?
Unegbu pitched his tent with the Acting President 's position that the National Assembly lacks the power to raise the budget , but that they can cut it , warning that the executive may not implement the additional projects ‘ imported ' into the budget . He , however , said the budget passage and signing would reduce the level of unemployment in the country , even as he regretted the small allocation to education .
Unegbu said : “ Education should have the lion 's share because of its importance in the socio-economic development of the country . Overall , the budget signing is good news for the economy and a great start . ”
The President , Manufacturers ' Association of Nigeria ( MAN ) , Dr. Frank Udemba Jacobs , commended the N7.44 trillion Budget and expressed the hope that the implementation would commence soon to compensate for the nearly six-month lost .
He criticised the practice of rolling over development plans into another year , saying the practice makes planning difficult . Jacobs regretted that the uncertain nature of the country 's budget process has conditioned many to either plan outside the document , or take the initial figures mentioned during the budget presentation .
“ The first half of the year is gone and the signing now kick-starts financial market 's strategy that is targeted at the country 's fiscal plans . Budget is about time and resources ” , he said .
Responding to a question on whether the sectoral votes as exemplified by about 30 per cent of the budget going for capital expenditure is commendable , the MAN chief lauded the new development , hinging his commendation on the deplorable state of infrastructure , which affects business operations .
According to him , if the implementation is carried out judiciously , there would be a significant improvement on the national basic infrastructure .
The Director-General of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce & Industry , Mr. Muda Yusuf , welcomed the signing of the budget as a step forward .
He told The Nation that it would put an end to the suspense and uncertainty caused by the non-passage and signing of the budget .
According to him , the next level of expectation is its speedy and effective implementation so that the citizens can get the desired value from the budget .
Yusuf canvassed for a review of the entire budgetary process and to set timelines for every stage of the process .
He advised that specific time frame must be set for the presentation of the budget to the National Assembly , for the consideration of the Appropriation Bill by the National Assembly and for the assent by the President .
The LCCI director-general suggested the enforcement of discipline of timing into the budgetary process , stressing that delivering a budget halfway into the financial year does not augur well for the overall economy .
Yusuf said : “ There is also an urgent need to define the limits of authorities of the executive and the legislature on the Appropriation Bill . A judicial pronouncement is imperative to determine the extent to which the National Assembly can make changes to the Appropriation Bill . This issue has become a recurring factor in the delay that have characterised our budgetary process . ”
To labour unions , the delay in the assent to the 2017 Budget notwithstanding , its full implementation would have a positive effect and also take care of moving the economy out of recession .
The Secretary-General of the National Union of Textile , Garment and Tailoring Workers of Nigeria ( NUTGTWN ) , Mr. Issa Aremu , said urged the Ministries , Departments and Agencies ( MDAs ) to hit the ground running .
Aremu said : “ Although the budget is coming very late , it is better for it to be late than never . The various agencies of the government should be allowed to do their job without undue interference or hindrances . The only way the budget can make a meaningful impact is for the government to ensure its full implementation . ”
Applauding the N7.44 trillion Appropriation Acts for focusing on reflating the economy through import substitution and patronage of made-in-Nigeria goods , he called for the immediate constitution of a tripartite committee by the government to agree on a new minimum wage , after which a supplementary budget should be sent to the National Assembly for its implementation .
He said : “ Our union will support President Muhammadu Buhari to realise the vision of import substitution and jobs creation . We demand that the disbursement of this huge fund should revive local industry , reopen closed factories and should not be spent on financing frivolous imports and perpetuate unemployment . ”
President of the United Labour Congress ( ULC ) , Joe Ajearo , insisted that the full implementation of the budget should not be played down , saying that it is the only way Nigerians can feel the impact of the budget .
Reacting , former President , Association of Telecoms Companies of Nigeria ( ARCON ) , Emmanuel Ekuwem , commended the huge capital component of the budget . He advised the Federal Government to ensure its effective implementation .
According to him , investment on infrastructure and construction would accelerate Nigeria 's exit out of recession , create massive job opportunities and ensure a boost in the national gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
Dr. Ekuwem , who is also the chairman , Teledons Group , an information communication technology ( ICT ) firm , advised the government to lay emphasis on Nigerian content in the implementation of the budget .
He said local content involvement in the budget must be holistic , ranging from the use of local hardware , software and expertise , warning that the failure to do this will lead to capital flight and further worsen the already weakened Naira .
The Chief Executive Officer , Pinet Infomatic , Lanre Ajayi , urged the Federal Government to follow the blueprint of the National Broadband Plan ( NBP ) outline by the previous administration .
According to him , there are milestones set in the yet-to-be met plan , which he noted , has been drawing the entire industry back .
He also urged the government to encourage the growth of the local ICT ecosystem by patronising products and services from the industry .
Ajayi , who is a former president of the Nigeria Internet Group ( NIG ) , said the Federal Government , as the biggest spender in the economy , should , as a deliberate policy , patronise indigenous and Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) to boost job creation and the economic growth .
Detecon International Client Partner Olusola Teniola urged the government to put control and monitoring procedures in place to ensure implementation of projects .
Detecon International is a subsidiary of Deutsch Telecom Group of Germany .
Teniola said : “ If projects are successfully executed and delivered , the social dividend to the communities that need it most will be felt . Financial Year 2017 has only six months more to go and therefore expedient disbursement of funds by government is paramount at this critical time – these funds will fuel economic activity through government spending . ”
An analyst and lecturer at the Pan Atlantic University , Lagos , Dr. Austin Nweze , described signing the budget into law halfway into the year as a challenge on its own unless the government hits the ground running with the implementation .
He noted that the delay has caused grave setback to economic activities . Companies and industrial concerns have been waiting for the budget for a long time . ”
He , however , expressed doubt over the immediate implementation , as according to him , it would take at least one month to implement the budget .
Nweze also disagreed with Prof Osinbajo 's position that the budget would take the country out of recession . He identified faulty fiscal and monetary policies as hinderances . Nweze noted that if the economic fundamentals are wrong , it would be difficult to get the economy on the right track .
His words : “ Signing the budget in the sixth month of the year is already a setback . Although , they ( government ) may extend the execution to May of 2018 . Even if they extend the execution of the budget to May next year , it might be difficult to achieve its anticipated objectives .
“ It 's also important to know that it would take at least one month before the execution of the budget . Remember that what the government has been spending illegally before the signing of the budget must be factored into the budget .
“ Also do they have the money to execute it ? Sourcing for the funds to execute the budget is a challenge . Although they can borrow from institutions such as the World Bank to fund the budget , to make the budget have positive impact on the economy , the government needs to start implementation immediately , deploy money into the system and ensure that at least 85 per cent of the capital appropriation is achieved and on the appropriate projects in addition to the recurrent appropriation .
“ Also the political rhetoric that having signed the budget into law will get the country out of recession is untrue . That the budget is tied to Economic Growth and Recovery Plan ( EGRP ) is only an aspiration . The nation needs more than two budgets to get out of recession in addition to putting place proper fiscal regime and monetary policies . We need to have good policies in place before we begin to make meaningful and sustainable impact on the economy .
“ Nigeria needs to have single exchange rate as against the current multiple exchange rates . Interest rate has to be brought down to boost economy . The government has to encourage domestic production , encourage growth of science and technology and focus less on oil and gas .
“ Currently , inflation is 17.4 per cent , monetary policy rate ( MPR ) is 14 per cent and interest rate is 25 per cent or above . The Federal Government through the Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) is only practicing inflation targeting , which is not good enough for our economy .
“ Inflation targeting is the reason interest rate is high . The monopoly and undue control of the foreign exchange market by the government and dependence on importation does n't encourage growth of the economy .
“ Power accounts for 65-80 per cent of cost of production underscoring the critical position of power in economic growth . All efforts to make the power sector work seem fruitless because the fundamentals are not right . The government has to focus on making the power sector work by getting the policies and actions right .
“ The government should not focus on short-term plans as currently seen because it is not helping the economy . Local production has to be highly encouraged to enable the merger of inflation and local production at a point . This will mark the foundation of a stable economy .
“ Currently , the fundamentals are not right . The future is science and technology and these should be highly encouraged to diversify the country from dependence on oil and gas to other sectors . ”
The post Budget 2017 : Our fears , hopes , by stakeholders appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Black Tuesdays as Armed Herdsmen Slaughter 2 Catholic Priests And 13 Worshipers In Benue State
Armed herdsmen attacked St. Ignatius Quasi Parish Ukpor-Mbalom in Ayar-Mbalom community of Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State , killing two Catholic priests and 13 other worshippers on Tuesday . Terver Akase , the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Samuel Ortom confirmed the incident . ” Armed herdsmen this morning in Mbalom , Benue State , slaughtered two catholic priests [ … ]
The post Black Tuesdays as Armed Herdsmen Slaughter 2 Catholic Priests And 13 Worshipers In Benue State appeared first on Timeofgist .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Eketi Edima Ette : 7 priceless answers to critics of the Hallelujah Challenge
When Gospel music minister Nathaniel Bassey convened the Hallelujah Challenge on the 1st of June , people did n't think much about…
Read » Eketi Edima Ette : 7 priceless answers to critics of the Hallelujah Challenge on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CARDIFF , Wales — A depleted Wales brought an overhyped Scotland back to earth in the Six Nations by doing what it usually does to the Scots in Cardiff — beating them .
The only surprise was the scoreline , a whopping 34-7 with a four-tries bonus point on Saturday .
Valid expectations of a tight contest – Wales without eight Lions , more than 500 caps , and Scotland willing to give it a lash – were ripped up in the first minutes as Wales started fast with two tries to zoom to 14-0 .
Scotland settled and drew the majority of possession but kept dropping passes or conceding penalties and did n't stress the Wales defence until the very end .
Wales fullback Leigh Halfpenny , who had n't scored a test try in five years , scored two for the first time since the same fixture in 2012 . He collected 24 points , becoming the third Welshman after Neil Jenkins and Stephen Jones to pass 700 in tests .
After bombing at least three other tries , Wales bagged a bonus-point fourth with a Steff Evans dive and one-hand touchdown in the left corner . Hadleigh Parkes ' set-up pass was forward and missed by the officials , but it began from yet another turnover and Scotland , which has n't won in Cardiff in 16 years , could n't complain about the margin of defeat .
Warren Gatland , on the 10th anniversary of his first match as Wales coach , was n't surprised at all .
“ The players coming in all believed in their own ability and they think they 're better than the players not involved , ” he said . “ We went in the game expecting to win reasonably comfortably . ”
He expects two of his injured Lions – George North and Liam Williams – back next week for England at Twickenham , a much harder assignment .
Scotland was being blanked until the second-to-last minute , when replacement centre Peter Horne crossed . But the Scots , who have grown tougher at home , still ca n't get over a woeful record away from Murrayfield : This was their 16th loss in their last 18 away matches in the championship .
“ We should be criticized for this performance , ” coach Gregor Townsend said . “ We were badly beaten and it was a defeat , but there were n't many away wins in the championship last year ( three ) and now we need to bounce back . ”
Scotland 's charity began in the sixth minute , when scrumhalf Ali Price miss-passed straight to Wales counterpart Gareth Davies , who took the intercept 60 metres untouched to the try-line .
Then flanker Aaron Shingler blew through a huge gap , and captain Alun Wyn Jones was galloping to the line . But his offload was n't as good as his forwards ' support . No matter , Wales was still on attack , and Halfpenny expertly finished a two-on-one .
Scotland dominated the near half-hour to halftime but lapsed into error after error : Dropped passes , knock ons , a penalty kick not finding touch , crooked throw-ins , and the backs shuffling sideways to be easily contained by Wales .
“ We had tempo but not accuracy , ” Scotland captain John Barclay said .
The interval did not provide a fresh start . Barclay was penalized twice for hands in the ruck , and his Scarlets clubmate Halfpenny kicked both through the uprights for 20-0 .
Unlike Scotland , Wales wings Evans and new cap Josh Adams were making big yards on the outsides . A driven lineout , pick-and-gos , and Halfpenny had a second try , and made a third conversion from the sideline .
It was n't the Halfpenny show , but he reminded of his importance after being put in the shade by his Scotland counterpart Stuart Hogg , the player of the tournament in the last two years but who was hardly sighted in this match .
Wales kept threatening : Replacement prop Wyn Jones was held up by Scotland 's Huw Jones , and replacement flyhalf Gareth Anscombe dropped a try-scoring pass from Alun Wyn Jones .
By then , the match was about only how big the margin was going to be for Wales ' 50th win in the expanded Six Nations , and 50th win under Gatland .
Baidu has also announced during its annual AI developer conference that it has already manufactured 100 Apolong vehicles with help from Chinese bus manufacturer King Long . Apolong is powered by Baidu 's Apollo open source platform , which has Level 4 autonomous driving capabilities , meaning it does n't need human input in select conditions . The latest version of Apollo also announced during the conference supports valet parking and integrates with Baidu 's software that has facial recognition capabilities and can detect if a driver is showing signs of fatigue .
In addition to unveiling Apollo 3.0 , Baidu has also revealed that it 's teaming up with Intel to use Mobileye 's technology . If you 'll recall , Intel purchased 84 percent of Mobileye 's shares for $ 15.3 billion , making the Israel-based company a subsidiary . Baidu will integrate Mobileye 's Responsibility Sensitive Safety model , which the company describes as `` decision making that is based on common sense human-centered knowledge of what it means to drive safely and avoid accidents , '' into Apollo . The Chinese tech giant will also use Mobileye 's Surround Computer Vision Kit as its preferred perception solution for its platform .
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) — Australia 's government announced a strategy Monday to create high-tech jobs and become one of the top 10 defense-industry-exporting countries within a decade through arms sales to liked-minded nations while also keeping those weapons from rogue regimes .
Australia will create a 3.8 billion Australian dollar ( $ 3.1 billion ) fund to lend to exporters that banks are reluctant to finance , a central defense export office and expand the roles of defense attaches in Australian embassies around the world .
Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull said that with AU $ 200 billion budgeted to increase Australian defense capabilities in the next decade , Australia should rank higher than 20th among arms-exporting countries . The planned Australian military build-up was the largest in its peace-time history , he said .
`` Given the size of our defense budget , we should be a lot higher up the scale than that . So the goal is to get into the top 10 , '' Turnbull told reporters .
Defense Industry Minister Christopher Pyne said Australia would focus on growing sales to its biggest markets including the United States , Britain , Canada and New Zealand , which already import Australian-made equipment including the Bushmaster armored vehicle and the Nulka missile decoy . The five nations belong to an intelligence-sharing network known as the Five Eyes .
`` We want to support the United States , the U.K. , New Zealand , Canada , our European friends and allies , Japan , South Korea , et cetera , in what is a building up of the global military capability of countries like ourself who support the rules-based international order , '' Pyne said .
`` The defense export strategy is not designed to get into markets where we do n't want to be . It 's designed to maximize the markets where we perhaps have n't been making the most of our opportunities , '' he added .
Turnbull said the strategy was about creating hi-tech Australian jobs and not a response to any national threat , such as increasing tensions and the Chinese military build-up in the South China Sea over competing territorial claims .
`` Apart from North Korea , there is no country in the region that shows any hostile intent toward Australia , '' Turnbull said . `` We do n't see threats from our neighbors in the region , but , nonetheless , every country must always plan ahead and you need to build the capabilities to defend yourself , not just today , but in 10 years or 20 years hence. ``
The push to increase Australian defense manufacturing jobs came after General Motors Co. in October became the last automaker to quit building Australian cars .
Most of the new Australian defense spending is on submarines and frigates that will be largely built in Australia .
Australian law prohibits military exports that are inconsistent with Australia 's international obligations or national interests .
Prospective exports are assessed in areas including impacts on human rights , regional security and Australian foreign policy .
`` We 've got strict controls and those controls make sure we only supply defense assets in the future to like-minded countries that have a strong human rights record and have protections in place . '' Trade Minister Steve Ciobo told Nine Network television .
Amnesty International said it been urging Australia to publicly report on arms transfers to Saudi Arabia and its allies in the war in Yemen .
`` While there is reluctance on the government 's part to exercise transparency in its arms exports trade , it is unthinkable that it would even contemplate expanding it , '' the London-based rights group coordinator Diana Sayed said in a statement .
Peter Jennings , executive director of the Australian Strategic Policy Institute , a government-established independent think tank , said the top-10 target was achievable and would create an industry base to support the Australian military .
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) — Pekka Rinne stopped 35 shots for his eighth shutout of the season and the Nashville Predators set a franchise record by earning a point in their 15th consecutive game with a 4-0 win over the Buffalo Sabres on Monday night .
Mike Fisher and Ryan Johansen scored goals 4:34 apart in the second period , and Filip Forsberg and Ryan Hartman sealed the victory by scoring in the final four minutes .
The NHL-leading Predators improved to 14-0-1 in their past 15 , and also extended their team-best road winning streak to nine straight .
Rinne won his 11th straight to match his personal best in a stretch in which he 's allowed just 18 goals . The shutout was the 51st of his 12-year career and third in nine games . Rinne also improved to 40-9-4 in becoming the NHL 's seventh goalie to win 40 games in a season three or more times .
BLUE JACKETS 5 , BRUINS 4 , OT
BOSTON ( AP ) — Cam Atkinson scored 2:55 into overtime to lift Columbus to its eighth straight win , spoiling a splendid NHL debut for Boston forward Ryan Donato .
Sonny Milano , Boone Jenner , Thomas Vanek and Artemi Panarin also scored for the Blue Jackets . Nick Foligno had two assists , and Vanek and Jenner each added one . Joonas Korpisalo stopped 34 shots .
Atkinson cut in on the left wing and fired a wrister past Rask for the game-winner .
Columbus moved into a tie with Philadelphia with 85 points , but the Flyers hold the tiebreaker for third place in the Metropolitan Division and the Blue Jackets hold the first wild card in the Eastern Conference .
Donato had a goal and two assists for Boston , which moved a point behind idle Tampa Bay for first in the Atlantic . Riley Nash , Brad Marchand and David Krejci also scored for the Bruins , and Tuukka Rask finished with 20 saves .
KINGS 4 , WILD 3 , OT .
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( AP ) — Jeff Carter scored his second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and Los Angeles recovered after giving up a two-goal lead .
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for Los Angeles , which has alternated wins and losses over its past nine games . The Kings pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points , and hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks .
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for the Kings , who appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Drew Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation . Doughty finished with three assists .
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games with 2:31 left to give Minnesota the lead after trailing 2-0 . Eric Staal added his 39th and Zach Parise had his second goal in three games for the Wild .
Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for Minnesota , which is in third in the Central Division , four points ahead of Colorado .
PANTHERS 2 , CANADIENS 0
MONTREAL ( AP ) — Roberto Luongo stopped 28 shots for his third shutout of the season and 76th of his career to lead Florida .
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help the Panthers inch closer to a playoff position , pulling three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference . Florida has two games in hand on the Devils .
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves for Montreal , which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season — including three against the Panthers . The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday .
FG urges JOHESU to call off strike
The Federal Government on Tuesday appealed to striking Joint Health Sector Union ( JOHESU ) members to resume work as negotiation was ongoing .
The Minister of State for Health , Dr Osagie Ehanire , made the appeal at the induction of foreign trained medical laboratory scientists on in Abuja by the Medical Laboratory Science Council of Nigeria ( MLSC ) .
Ehanire , represented by Dr Shuaibu Belgare , Senior Technical Assistant to the minister , deplored the strike which had disrupted normal services in federal public hospitals .
He further decried the professional disharmony in the health sector , noting that nobody is considering the plight of patients .
The minister said all major stakeholders in the healthcare sector should be concerned with the ethics of their professions .
“ We are all looking for what we can get ; nobody is thinking about the patients , which is the primary purpose of being in the workforce .
“ As I speak , JOHESU is on strike ; hospitals are not providing services .
“ Please go back to work to salvage the situation while negotiation is going on ; government will do everything possible to meet your demands , ” he said .
While congratulating the inductees for their success , Ehanire described laboratory scientists as extremely important in healthcare delivery .
According to him , without the laboratory scientists patients would end up being treated wrongly at every point in time .
He enjoined them to consider themselves as professionals and as well accord the profession due respect .
Ehanire identified part of the qualification that must be possessed by the scientists as attaching great value to services they rendered , having compassion for patients been the primary purpose of service , among others .
He also urged them to derive pleasure in taking up responsibilities that were rejected by their fellows to ensure professional excellence .
The minister identified precision as key in the profession to ensure quality healthcare delivery .
Ehanire intimated them of government policies on quality healthcare delivery bothering on primary health care .
According to him , the initiative is aimed at bringing healthcare to the doorsteps of the masses .
Dr Bassey Enya Bassey , the President , Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists of Nigeria ( AMLSN ) , urged the inductees not to compromise integrity in the course of practice .
Bassey assured them of the association 's support for their well-being to ensure professional excellence .
Responding on behalf of his colleagues , Mr Ahmad Bakore , commended the council for the inductions and called for the support of their superiors to achieve the desired success in their practices .
He said : “ We can do nothing without our superiors supporting us or beckoning on us when we are going astray . ”
Bakore pledged to uphold the ethics of the profession .
NAN
The post FG urges JOHESU to call off strike appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There may have been stormtroopers and celebrities out in force , but it was the grand spectacle of the All-Terrain Armoured Transport which stole the show at yesterday 's world premiere of Star Wars : The Last Jedi in Los Angeles .
Technically it 's an AT-M6 – All Terrain MegaCaliber Six – “ named for the laser cannon on its back ” , according to StarWars.com . It 's a new style walker for The Last Jedi that has been glimpsed in the trailers advancing on the Resistance base of Crait .
The stars of the eighth Star Wars movie were in attendance from John Boyega and Daisy Ridley , to Mark Hamill , Adam Driver , Benicio Del Toro , Gwendoline Christie , Lupita Nyong ' o , Domhnall Gleeson , Laura Dern , Andy Serkis , Anthony Daniels and director Rian Johnson .
View photos
Towering up at the back there is six-foot , 10-inch tall Finnish basketball player Joonas Suotamo , who , when he 's not on the court , is channeling his inner wookie as Chewbaccca .
Elsewhere , Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke took part in a great meeting of minds too .
View photos
Amazingly , British star John Boyega almost missed the entire thing , having got stuck in Atlanta when a snowstorm grounded hundreds of flights .
He took to Twitter to plead for a solution to his predicament .
Wow ATL . Looks like no one 's leaving ! Guess I 'll start a family now… . — John Boyega ( @ JohnBoyega ) December 9 , 2017
Cold ! My thighs wo n't even generate the heat anymore . — John Boyega ( @ JohnBoyega ) December 9 , 2017
Trying to get back for the LA premiere ! I actually NEED a pilot ! ! ! — John Boyega ( @ JohnBoyega ) December 9 , 2017
Rian Johnson even chipped in , imploring him to make every effort to get to LA in time .
Hahahaha oh my god
GET HERE JOHN ! — Rian Johnson ( @ rianjohnson ) December 9 , 2017
In our minds , it was a caper-heavy Planes , Trains and Automobiles-style comedy of errors which got him to the red carpet in the nick of time ( albeit with missing luggage ) .
I made it ! Without luggage but wooooooooohoooo ! As if weather can stop a Nigerian kmt — John Boyega ( @ JohnBoyega ) December 9 , 2017
Pleasingly , the stars of the movie may have plenty to smile about .
Early reactions on Twitter from those who made into screening raved about it , ahead of the embargo being lifted on reviews .
View photos
Kevin Polowy of Yahoo Movies ! in the US called it ‘ a triumph ' , while Peter Sciretta recalled ‘ so many emotions , so many amazing moments ' .
The movie is due out on December 14 across the UK .
Read more
First reactions for Star Wars : The Last Jedi
Former Dustin Hoffman co-star alleges sexual misconduct
Bryan Singer wants to work with Kevin Spacey again
Mystery Solved ? DNA Reveals the Truth About the Yeti
Huge , ape-like and hairy , the yeti has roamed its way into legend , tantalizing explorers , mountaineers and locals with curious footprints and fleeting appearances . Now researchers say the elusive inhabitant of the Himalayas and Tibetan plateau has been unmasked .
Scientists studying nine samples -- including hair and teeth -- supposedly from yetis , say the samples are not from a huge hominin but in fact mostly belonged to bears .
Just one sample , taken from a curious stuffed `` yeti , '' bucked the trend -- the creature turned out to be a taxidermy mash-up boasting the hair of a bear and the teeth of a dog .
`` It demonstrates that modern science can really try and tackle some of these mysteries and unsolved questions that we have , '' said Dr Charlotte Lindqvist , an expert on bear genomics and co-author of the research from the University at Buffalo .
The study is not the first time it has been suggested the yeti might be more ursine than abominable .
A recent study , based on genetic analysis from samples purportedly from yeti-like creatures the world over , found that while most of the samples came from known animals , two from Bhutan and the Indian Himalayas were more mysterious . The team suggested they might be from an unknown species of bear , or a descendant from a hybrid of a polar and brown bear .
But Lindqvist was unconvinced , pointing out there was too little data to rule out a more mundane explanation . `` I just did n't trust these claims , '' she said .
Lindqvist and colleagues examined nine samples gathered by a company shooting a film on the topic . Sources included mummified animals found in monasteries , hair collected by nomadic herdsmen , bone from a spiritual healer and a stuffed `` yeti '' from the Messner Mountain Museum .
The team also analyzed 15 other samples from zoos , national parks and museums , the majority of which were known to be from Himalayan brown bears .
The analysis , which was based on sequences of DNA from the energy powerhouses of the cell known as mitochondria , involved a comparison of all of the samples with genetic data from a large international database .
`` Of those nine samples , eight of them matched local bears that are found in the region today , '' said Lindqvist , adding that the ninth sample was the dog tooth from the stuffed yeti . `` The purported yetis from the Tibetan plateau matched Tibetan brown bears , the ones from the western Himalayan mountains matched the Himalayan brown bear and then , at possibly slightly lower altitude were Asian black bears . ''
Lindqvist added that the finding produced mixed emotions . `` That was obviously very interesting to me , perhaps slightly disappointing to the film company , '' she said , adding that the new samples also helped the team to gain new insights into the evolutionary `` family tree '' of bears .
But Lindqvist says she doubts the study will be the final word on the yeti . `` I am sure , though , that the legend and the myth will live on , '' she said . `` You can never for sure prove that there is nothing out there . ''
The results , published in Proceedings of the Royal Society B , are likely to disappoint cryptozoologists . Jonathan Downes , director of the Centre for Fortean Zoology , said that while he applauded the scientific work and agreed that many samples are obviously from bears , he believes the mystery is not yet solved .
`` I think there is still a possibility that there are unknown species of higher primate which are still awaiting discovery in what used to be Soviet central Asia , '' he said .
© 2017 Guardian under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
Read more on : Scientists , Discovery , Researchers , Evolution , DNA , Genetics , Bigfoot , Asia
Some Republican lawmakers and even the NRA are now saying the those infamous “ bump stocks ” may have to go . More from WFIR 's Gene Marrano :
10-6 Kaine-Gun Wrap # 1-WEB
As environmentalists voiced concerns in Washington about possible changes to the Environmental Protection Agency 's rules on disposing coal ash waste , some in Missouri chose to express their opposition by staging a protest at a major utility corporation 's doorstep .
The Missouri chapter of the Sierra Club gathered a small band of supporters Tuesday at Ameren Missouri 's headquarters in St. Louis . They held large signs that showed images of Ameren 's four power plants in Missouri and listed details about the toxic heavy metals that coal ash contains , such as arsenic .
Ameren Missouri announced recently that it plans to close all of its coal ash ponds by 2022 . However , activists want the regulators to address the contamination the ponds have already caused and are unhappy that Ameren has chosen to close its ponds by leaving them in place .
The proposed amendments to the EPA 's 2015 coal ash rule would give more power to states to regulate coal ash regulations and could eliminate a requirement to publish groundwater monitoring data online . Missouri state legislators are considering a bill that environmentalists fear will weaken oversight of the ponds and landfills that utility companies use to dump coal ash waste .
`` We want to see stronger protections in place , we want to see these sites cleaned up , '' said Sara Edgar , a campaign representative at the Missouri Sierra Club . `` There are ongoing efforts at all levels to do less and less to protect our communities from coal ash . ''
The protesters included residents who live near Ameren 's power plants . Tom Diehl , who lives four miles from the Meramec Energy Center , said he 's worried that flooding from the Mississippi River has spread toxic materials from the plant 's coal ash ponds into a nearby subdivision .
`` The water does get into the immediate neighborhood and you know , there are hundreds of kids who live close to that plant , '' Diehl said .
Ameren Missouri released the results of its groundwater and surface water testing around its coal ash ponds in late February . The company sent crews out to test the water quality surrounding the ponds , said Craig Giesmann , the utility 's manager of water quality .
`` They found zero evidence of any contaminants from our ash ponds in those surface water bodies , '' Giesmann said .
Missouri has 37 coal ash ponds , according to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources . Many of them are unlined .
Follow Eli on Twitter : @ StoriesByEli
Sonya RigaudBarrett shares details of this upcoming event . Ed
It just would n't be a May Day Bank Holiday weekend without Rookley Village Association running its hugely popular ‘ Gardening Galore ' event , and after many very successful years it is little wonder that it has become one of the most important days on the Island 's horticultural calendar .
All things gardening
Taking place on Sunday 30th April between 10am and 3pm the Rookley Village Hall and Field in Highwood Lane ( PO38 3NN ) will be buzzing with a wide variety of Island-based growers , nurseries , garden centres and suppliers of ‘ all things gardening ' !
Entry is absolutely free , as is the adjacent parking , which means that there 's no worry about carrying your purchases around with you , just pop them back to your car ….and shop some more . How good is that ?
Plenty of refreshments
When you feel in need of a break , refreshments are available in the Village Hall , including lots of homemade cakes and cookies .
Collecting for The Blue Lamp Trust
Each year a Charity bucket collection takes place and this year it is for The Blue Lamp Trust , who promote and enhance community safety and provide support to vulnerable people , particularly victims of domestic burglary and of domestic violence .
So , put the date in your diary and come along and say hello … .. and find that special plant which you know you just ca n't live without !
Image : © Paul Shilling
PALM HARBOR , Fla. ( WFLA ) – A man was arrested for taking several inappropriate photos while looking up a woman 's skirt without her consent on Monday .
According to the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office , deputies responded to a Starbucks on Tampa Road after a store employee reported a man taking photos of a woman under a table .
Deputies identified Justin Buck , 48 , at the store .
Buck admitted he took several photos of the 21-year-old victim , looking up her skirt without consent .
Buck admitted he found the victim attractive and noticed she was wearing a skirt .
He told deputies he sat across from her at a table and took three pictures up her skirt .
He told deputies the first photos were too dark , so he turned on the flash and took two more .
Deputies said the employee noticed what he was doing and called police .
Deputies searched Buck 's iPad . He is suspected of similar incidents at other Starbucks locations and more charges are pending .
Buck is charged with one count of video voyeurism .
He was taken to the Pinellas County Jail without incident .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
> > BACK TO TOP STORIES
NBTE/NIPOSSGA Games : 22 teams jostle for football glory
The games which started on April 21 will run till April 28 which will be the final for football .
The post NBTE/NIPOSSGA Games : 22 teams jostle for football glory appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ROCKFORD , Ill. — Nic Petan scored in overtime as the Manitoba Moose edged the Rockford IceHogs 4-3 on Friday in American Hockey League action .
Patrice Cormier , Jan Kostalek and Brendan Lemieux had goals in regulation time for Manitoba ( 30-10-5 ) , the AHL affiliate of the Winnipeg Jets . Eric Comrie made 37 saves for the win .
Luke Johnson tied the game 3-3 for Rockford ( 24-17-6 ) with less than two minutes to play in the third period . Anthony Louis and Tyler Sikura also scored . Collin Delia stopped 46 shots .
The Moose went 2 for 3 on the power play and the IceHogs were 0 for 2 with the man advantage .
Manitoba has won four straight .
The big-block Chevy keeps getting bigger . Aftermarket blocks , dedicated stroker cranks , and array of piston sizes are pushing the good ol ' Rat to unprecedented stature–and horsepower .
CNC Motorsports , in Brookings , South Dakota , is no stranger to big-cube builds , offering several proven big block Chevy combinations . However , when an overseas customer wanted an 800hp engine that would run on pump gas , they knew more cubes were the only answer . Using one of their proven 540ci packages as a baseline , the shop spec 'd out a 582ci version that would satisfy the low-maintenance , pump-gas requirement .
“ [ The Customer ] wanted a Pro Street-style engine for a 1957 Chevy pickup , ” said Chris Carlson , a tech rep at CNC Motorsports . “ He also wanted to keep it as a short-deck to avoid clearance issues , especially with the brake booster . ”
Cramming 582ci into a short deck height block ( 9.800-inch ) is not a task for the feint of heart . It requires precise clearancing of the block and specially-designed stroker pistons that can survive the necessary 4.375inch stroke .
In addition to running on 95-octane , the customer did n't want the hassle of adjusting valve lash on a solid cam . So , the next priority was a choosing a hydraulic roller for the large-displacement engine that would facilitate the 800hp goal .
The foundation was Dart 's standard-deck Big M Sportsman block ( PN 31273444 ) with a 4.500-inch bore . It features a priority main oiling system and splayed 4-bolt main caps , both of which should be considered requirements in this level of build .
CNC Motorsports machined the block to square and surface the decks in relation to crankshaft centerline as well as machine out material on the bottom side for clearance . The block was then bored out to 4.600-inch . Jon Himley at CNC Motorsports headed up engine assembly .
The internally balanced rotating assembly started with a K1 Technologies 4340 forged steel crankshaft ( PN 012GAG438 ) that comes with a 4.375in stroke , 2.749-inch mains and 2.200-inch rod journals . K1 also supplied forged 4340 H-beam connecting rods ( PN 012AG33639 ) . They measure 6.385-inch and are secured with ARP 7/16-inch , 12-point cap screws .
Due to the massive bore , short deck height , and long crankshaft stroke , custom JE pistons were ordered with a 6cc open-chamber-style domes to provide a 10.66:1 compression ratio . The full-round-skirt pistons are designed with a 1.218-inch compression height , to accommodate the crank 's long arm . Sealing the bores is a Total Seal ring package ( PN CRG4010-5 ) with 0.043-inch ductile iron plasma moly-coated top rings , 0.043 conventional second rings , and 3mm 3-piece oil rings .
On the bottom end is a Melling high-volume oil pump ( PN M77HV ) fitted with a Kevko pickup ( PN 1015 ) for use with the Kevko 6-quart steel oil pan ( PN 1071 ) . The pump is driven by an ARP driveshaft ( PN 135-7901 ) , and the pan is secured with a Manley hex-head , black-oxide-coated bolt kit ( PN 42172 ) and a Victor Reinz cork gasket ( PN OS30931XTC ) . Other finishing touches to the block include a fuel-pump block-off plate ( PN 839034 ) and oil filter adapter ( PN 839049 ) from Pioneer .
Follow along as we detail the intricate assembly of the big-inch bottom end and stay tuned for part two where we assemble the top-end and run it on the engine dyno .
By BY SETH BORENSTEIN
AP Science Writer
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - A new study finds that a major trigger of man-made earthquakes rattling Oklahoma is how deep - not just how much - fracking wastewater is injected into the ground .
Scientists analyzed more than 10,000 wastewater injection wells where 96 billion gallons of fluid - leftover from hydraulic fracturing - are pumped yearly . The amount of wastewater injected and the depth are key to understanding the quake outbreak since 2009 , they reported in Thursday 's journal Science . The quakes included a damaging magnitude 5.8 in 2016 , the strongest in state history .
State regulators could cut about in half the number of man-made quakes by restricting deep injections in the ground , said lead author Thea Hincks , an earth scientist at the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom . Companies drilling for oil and gas should not inject waste within 600 to 1500 feet ( 200 to 500 meters ) of the geologic basement . That 's the stable harder rock deep underground usually made of metamorphic and igneous rocks .
That region is usually crisscrossed with earthquake faults . The closer you get to the faults , the more likely you are to trigger them , said Stanford University geophysicist Matthew Weingarten , who was n't part of the study .
Lab experiments show basement rocks are more susceptible to earthquakes because `` having fluids in a rock is going to weaken the rock , '' said co-author Thomas Gernon , a geologist at the University of Southampton .
Previous studies had pinpointed the amount of fluids injected into wells as an issue . Gernon said volume does trigger earthquakes , but when volume levels were reduced the number of quakes did n't drop as much as had been expected . That 's because where the stuff is put matters slightly more , he said .
The findings only apply to quakes in Oklahoma , researchers said .
___
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @ borenbears . His work can be found here .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko ) . A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan 's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Asian shares slumped Tuesday , as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New York amid a rout ...
( AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko ) . A man walks by while looking at an electronic stock board showing Japan 's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Asian shares slumped Tuesday , as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New Yo ...
( AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko ) . A man looks at an electronic stock board showing Japan 's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Asian shares slumped Tuesday , as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New York amid a rout in ...
( AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko ) . People walk past an electronic stock board showing Japan 's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Asian shares slumped Tuesday as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New York amid a rout i ...
By YURI KAGEYAMA
AP Business Writer
TOKYO ( AP ) - Asian shares were mixed Tuesday as some indexes recouped earlier losses set off by an overnight decline on Wall Street . Investors are awaiting the first Federal Reserve meeting under the new chairman , Jerome Powell , and anticipating the first rate increase of the year .
KEEPING SCORE : Japan 's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 0.5 percent to finish at 21,380.97 . Australia 's S & P/ASX 200 slipped 0.4 percent to 5,936.40 , while South Korea 's Kospi inched up 0.2 percent to 2,479.81 . Hong Kong 's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 31,524.83 , while the Shanghai Composite edged 0.3 percent higher to 3,289.80 .
FACEBOOK DROP : The technology rout on Wall Street on Monday was set off by Facebook 's worst loss in four years . The social media giant 's plunge followed reports that Cambridge Analytica , a data mining firm working for President Donald Trump 's campaign , improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their permission . Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook , and investors are wondering if companies like Facebook and Alphabet will face tighter regulation .
WALL STREET : The S & P 500 index sank 1.4 percent to 2,712.92 . The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.3 percent to 24,610.91 . The Nasdaq composite gave up 1.8 percent to 7,344.24 and the Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 1 percent to 1,570.56 .
FEDERAL RESERVE : The U.S. Federal Reserve 's first meeting under Jerome Powell 's leadership ends later this week , likely with an announcement that the Fed will resume modest interest rate hikes . A healthy U.S. job market and a relatively steady economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases . And the financial markets have been edgy for weeks .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude rose 55 cents to $ 62.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . It lost 28 cents on Monday . Brent crude , used to price international oils , also gained 55 cents to $ 62.60 per barrel in London .
CURRENCIES : The dollar recovered to 106.27 yen from 105.92 late Monday . The euro rose to $ 1.2341 from $ 1.2267 .
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay , who contributed to this report , can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP
His work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https : //www.apnews.com/search/yuri % 20kageyama
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Buhari-led APC govt overtly , inherently corrupt , vengeful – PDP
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA-The Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) has challenged President Muhammadu Buhari and the Progressives Congress ( APC ) to quickly respond to a report by the United States government on corruption , impunity , gross violation of rights and killings going on in the country .
The party in a statement on Tuesday and signed by its spokesman , Kola Ologbondiyan also said it has been vindicated by the US report even as it accused the APC of a campaign of calumny against opposition figures in the land .
The statement read : “ This report by the US Department of State further vindicates our stand that the Buhari-led APC government is overtly and inherently corrupt , vengeful and has been engaging in smear campaign against the opposition to divert public attention from its atrocities .
“ The US report directly indicted the APC-led federal government of official corruption , secretiveness , high-handedness , restriction of personal freedom and rights , executive influence on the judiciary , wanton arrests , detention and persecution of opposition as well as extra judicial and arbitrary killing of citizens by state controlled security forces .
“ The report also directly discredited President Buhari 's fight against corruption as targeted against opposition members while government officials and APC members , openly indicted for corruption , especially those close to Mr. President , are not prosecuted .
“ From the report , the world can now see that the PDP has not been raising false alarm on the unbearable savagery and massive corruption of the APC administration , which has proven to be the worst in the history of our country .
“ The world has now known why the APC-led federal government has been fixated on silencing opposition voices using the tyrannical instruments of intimidation , arrest , detention , trumped-up charges and media trial while emasculating free speech and press freedom in our country , all designed to hide their atrocities from the world . ”
The PDP also expressed dismay for what it described as the “ technical suspension ” of the constitution , saying “ Citizens now live in fear ; bloodletting by marauders and extra judicial killings have become the order of the day ; billions of naira meant for the rehabilitation of victims of insurgency are daily frittered by government officials while fundamental human rights have become essential commodities . ”
The post Buhari-led APC govt overtly , inherently corrupt , vengeful – PDP appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wounded US congressman ‘ critical ' after surgery : hospital
Republican lawmaker Steve Scalise , one of five people shot by a gunman during practice for a charity baseball game , remained in critical condition following surgery , the hospital treating him said .
“ Rep . Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition , ” said MedStar Washington Hospital in a statement via Twitter . Earlier in the day his condition had been described as stable , and he had spoken by telephone with his wife .
The gunman , identified in the media as James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , died in a shootout with police .
Two members of the Capitol Police were injured but were in good condition .
Lobbyist Matt Mika , hit several times in the shooting , remained in critical condition at George Washington University Hospital .
The fifth , congressional aide Zack Barth , tweeted that he was in the hospital and “ okay ” .
The post Wounded US congressman ‘ critical ' after surgery : hospital appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Naira Watch : External reserves down to 3-month low
…Naira stable at N364/ $
By Babajide Komolafe
The nation 's external reserved has dropped to $ 30.22 billion , the lowest level in three months .
The Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) disclosed this Wednesday on its website .
The apex bank revealed that the external reserve dropped to $ 30.222 billion on Tuesday June 13th , representing a weekly decline of $ 68 million when compared with the $ 30.290 billion achieved the previous Tuesday of June 6th .
Vanguard analysis revealed that the new level of $ 30.22 billion represents the lowest level since March 14th , or 13 weeks ago , when the reserve was $ 30.23 billion . The reserve has been on the downward trend since May 4th when it reached a peak of $ 30.99 billion . Since then , the reserve has dropped by $ 770 million .
Meanwhile , the naira Wednesday remained stable at N364 per dollar in the parallel market due to weak demand for dollars .
Vanguard survey revealed that the parallel market exchange rate , which dropped to N364 per dollar on Tuesday , rose to N365 per dollar yesterday morning , but dropped to N364 per dollar at the close of business .
A bureau de change ( BDC ) executive who spoke to Vanguard on condition of anonymity said the stability of the naira was due to low patronage and expected dollar sales to BDCs today . The CBN sells $ 20,000 to each of the 3,145 BDCs across the country twice in a week specifically on Tuesdays and Thursdays .
The post Naira Watch : External reserves down to 3-month low appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If you have n't filed your taxes yet , there 's still time since the IRS extended the deadline to Tuesday this year .
Here & Now ‘ s Jeremy Hobson gets advice on last-minute ways to save you time and money on your taxes with CBS News ' Jill Schlesinger ( @ jillonmoney ) , host of “ Jill on Money ” and the podcast “ Better Off . ”
The Ghana Chamber of Telecommunications ( Telecoms Chamber ) has announced the appointment of Mr Kenneth Ashigbey as Chief Executive Officer .
He assumes duty on November 1 , 2017 .
Mr Ashigbey will join the Chamber from the Graphic Communications Group Limited , where he has been the Managing Director .
He was previously the CEO at Optimum Media Prime ( OMP ) and also worked as the Chief Technology Officer at the Multimedia Group Ltd .
In a statement issued in Accra last night , Ms Yolanda Cuba , Chair of the Chamber , said “ we welcome Kenneth to the Chamber . With a customer base of more than 19 million unique subscribers in Ghana , the mobile industry continues to change how we communicate . We look forward to working with Ken to deliver a lot more excitement to customers . ”
On his part Mr Ashigbey said , “ I am honoured to be joining the industry at such a time of significant opportunities , despite the progress made . The Chamber will continue to positively impact the lives of Ghanaians by advocating the right policy , legal and regulatory environment . ”
He expressed appreciation for the tremendous work done by his predecessor , Mr Kwaku Sakyi-Addo and remained confident that “ together , we can build on that ” .
Mr Ashigbey holds an MBA from the Leicester University and a Bachelor Degree in Electrical Engineering from the ( KNUST ) . – Graphic Online
PLEASANT HOPE , Mo . — An employee was seriously injured after an explosion inside a Missouri pyrotechnics company .
KSPR-TV reports that firefighters responded Tuesday to a call at the AM Pyrotechnics plant , a wholesale retailer that provides pyrotechnics for big fireworks shows .
Fire Protection District Fire Chief Jake Agee says they received a report of a loud explosion in the area . When they arrived , multiple explosions started inside the building . Firefighters say several workers had left the building before the fire but that one person was still inside .
Agee says the woman was extracted from the building with serious injuries and flown to a hospital .
He said , “ Now we 're just kind of working to keep everybody back and keep everything safe . ”
Agee says several fire departments responded to the blaze that is now under investigation .
“ It 's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato. ” — Lewis Grizzard
Tomato season has arrived and local farm markets are brimming with sensational , seasonal fruit of all sizes , shapes and colors . At the market you may find tomatoes that are deep red and rotund , or petite poppers of bright orange and yellow , dusky purple or pale pink heirlooms , or pale green orbs just the right size for breading and pan frying , or pureeing for cake batter .
A wildly popular component of the American diet year round , seasonal summer tomatoes are now at the pinnacle of perfection . Richly ripe , and saturated with sun soaked sweetness , tomatoes are a conscious cooks ' dream ingredient . Sliced thickly and seasoned with just a spritz of sea salt , tomatoes embody the sun , each heat soaked slice rendering fabulous flavor .
Once considered toxic , tomatoes supposedly became an accepted ingredient in 1820 , when a sea captain consumed a basket of tomatoes in front of a large crowd . When he survived his sizeable snack , the spectators were won over to the fruit and have consumed them copiously ever since . While the tomato is the fruit of a flowering plant , it is considered a vegetable for culinary use , and was designated a vegetable by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1893 !
Tomatoes provide a superior source of lycopene , a powerful , natural antioxidant that may have the capability of offering protection against sunburn and certain cancers . High in fiber , tomatoes may benefit the body by being a cholesterol lowering food and a blood sugar stabilizer . Among their other significant health benefits , consuming tomatoes may help repair lungs damaged by bad air or cigarette smoking , combat heart disease , save vision , and provide anti-aging nourishment for the brain .
Beautiful and beneficial , tomatoes are an ever so versatile crop . Whether chopped into sauces and salsas , blended into silky bisques or soups , piled on platters and paired with creamy fresh mozzarella or tangy goat cheese and finished off with a shower of fresh basil leaves and extra virgin olive oil , layered with zucchini , eggplant and fresh herbs and baked until bubbling , tomatoes make a sublime summer meal .
Savor summer 's heat as you prepare a delicious life !
Hot Tomato Toast
Makes 8 servings
2 large garlic cloves , minced
Sea salt or Kosher salt
8 tablespoons olive oil
3 Tablespoons white wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar
1 pound of tomatoes ( use any variety , super sweet cherry tomatoes would be lovely ) washed and sliced
Freshly ground black pepper
8 slices of sturdy bread , baguette , ciabatta , etc . cut about 1 inch thick
1 cup of chopped fresh herbs ( basil , parsley , chives , thyme or any of your favorites )
2 very ripe avocados , peeled and mashed
Mix garlic together with a pinch of salt in a bowl and mash with a fork to make a paste . Add half of olive oil and vinegar . Add tomatoes , season with salt and pepper and toss until well coated . Let sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors .
Meanwhile prepare a grill for medium high heat . Brush both sides of the bread slices with remaining olive oil and grill until nice brown grill marks appear , but do not blacken . Remove bread from grill and divide avocado mash between the 8 slices . Add herbs to tomato mixture , then divide tomatoes between the bread slices . Sprinkle with a dash of salt and serve .
For more information on Robin Glowa , HHC , AADP , “ The Conscious Cook , ” go to www.theconsciouscook.net
EAST BRIDGEWATER , Mass . — Two sisters tied down and burned a 5-year-old girl , permanently disfiguring her , in a voodoo ritual meant to rid her of a demon causing her to misbehave , police said . The women also threatened to cut off the head of the girl 's 8-year-old brother with a machete , authorities said .
The boy said his sister was tied down on at least two occasions while the sisters blew fire over her face and cut her on the arm and in the collar area with a needle-like object , drawing blood , according to police . The girl said the women also poured over her eyes a substance that stung .
Peggy LaBossiere , 51 , and Rachel Hilaire , 40 , of East Bridgewater , denied injuring the girl and threatening the boy , the Brockton Enterprise reported . They pleaded not guilty on Jan. 29 to mayhem , assault and other charges . A public defender for the women did n't return a call seeking comment on Saturday .
Police say the girl 's mother is a hair stylist of Haitian descent who has LaBossiere as a client and requested the ritual . She has not been charged but is receiving mental health treatment .
The sisters will be back in Brockton Superior Court on Wednesday for a hearing to determine whether they 're too dangerous to be released .
The sisters told police that they have performed “ cleansing baths ” for family and friends in the past , something that involves chanting prayers , rubbing frankincense and eucalyptus oils and sea salt on their bodies , and burning myrrh , the newspaper reported . Children sometimes get burned as spirits leave the body , they said .
The girl suffered a third-degree burn across her face that will leave her permanently disfigured , police said . She was treated at a hospital and taken into custody by state welfare authorities , along with her brother , who described to police what happened at the sisters ' house over multiple days .
Voodoo refers to religious practices developed centuries ago by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean , primarily in Haiti , where the practices are sometimes spelled “ vodou . ”
——
Information from : The ( Brockton , Mass . ) Enterprise , http : //www.enterprisenews.com
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
How can a genuinely democratic , equitable and sustainable society be created ? Donate to order this gift now !
Putin : Russian servicemen return home from Syria as victors
On Hmeymim airbase in Syria , Russian President Vladimir Putin stated that Russian servicemen were returning from Syria as victors .
Source : Mil.ru
`` You are returning home , to your native places , your relatives , parents , wives , children , friends , and you are returning as victors . Your Motherland is waiting for you , friends . Good luck . Thank you for your service , '' Putin said in , Interfax reports .
The Russian president also said that Russia would strike a more powerful blow on terrorists , `` if they raise their heads again . ''
`` If terrorists raise their heads again , our attacks on them will be even stronger , '' Russian president added .
Vladimir Putin 's aircraft landed on Hmeymim airbase of the Russian Air Force in Syria in the morning of December 11 .
When on Hmeymim , Putin ordered to start the withdrawal of units of the Russian troops from Syria to Russia .
Pravda.Ru
NEW YORK — U.S. authorities say a 19-year-old Canadian has pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIS-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City , including Times Square and city 's the subway system .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian , identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy , of Mississauga , Ont. , has been in custody since the FBI arrested him in New Jersey in May 2016 .
The arrests were first announced Friday following a court 's unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men .
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon , a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan , and Russell Salic , 37 , from the Philippines .
U.S. authorities allege that the three men communicated through Internet messaging applications , allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadhan in 2016 .
They also allege that while in Canada , El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks .
The RCMP issued a statement saying it collaborated with the FBI in the investigation that led to El Bahnasaw 's arrest .
The statement also says that at no time was the safety or security of the public at risk .
El Bahnasawy is scheduled to be sentenced on Dec. 12 , 2017 .
Isadora Duncan wrote in her autobiography : “ I am an enemy to the ballet , which I consider a false and preposterous art , in fact , outside the pale of all art . ”
What would she have made of Sara Mearns , a ballerina whose body seems to hold the air around her ? On Sunday evening , Ms. Mearns , a principal at New York City Ballet , performed “ Dances of Isadora , ” staged and directed by Lori Belilove as part of the Paul Taylor American Modern Dance program “ Icons . ”
Now in its second season , “ Icons , ” presented with American Dance Festival , celebrated three of the world 's most important choreographers : Duncan ; Trisha Brown , with “ Set and Reset ” ( 1983 ) ; and Paul Taylor , represented by “ Esplanade ” ( 1975 ) . It was an incandescent journey through 20th-century dance .
That a ballet dancer would be featured on a program heralding modern dance was a curious twist . ( Ms. Mearns first danced Duncan 's solo “ Narcissus ” to acclaim when she appeared with Ms. Belilove 's group at the Joyce Theater last June . ) But the twist was less bizarre than breathtaking — correct , compelling and proof that while Ms. Mearns , bold and brave , may be a ballerina of astonishing abilities , she is above all else a dancer .
Photo
Duncan 's choreography is deceptive : It seems like a barefoot breeze in chiffon , but is full of contrasts and intricate feats of coordination ; passages of speed and stillness ; and dancing that lives on the edge of floating and collapsing . In this 25-minute suite of solos — staged handsomely by Ms. Belilove and featuring the pianist Cameron Grant onstage — Ms. Mearns took on one of the biggest challenges of her career .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Throughout these works , created from 1900 to 1924 , Ms. Mearns showed the edifying way she uses the rise and fall of weight to create the illusion of lightness . In the “ Butterfly Etude , ” she contrasted fluttering wings with daring prances to Chopin ; and in “ Les Funérailles , ” to Liszt , she wilted with torment as her quiet poses etched themselves into space , one evaporating until another took its place .
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. — Inbee Park 's 12th U.S. Women 's Open already stands out for a gloomy reason : the rain-soaked course at Shoal Creek .
The picturesque course in suburban Birmingham had been drenched by nearly five inches of rain this week as of Wednesday afternoon , with the effects of Subtropical Storm Alberto adding onto earlier rains .
“ This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women 's Open , ” said Park , a Korean who won in 2008 and 2013 . “ We just do n't know what 's going to happen .
“ Coming into the U.S. Women 's Open , I always try to play the ball with the mud or try to play with like a wet ground condition because we 've never played lift , clean and place . We just play from wherever it is and however the condition is . ”
Practice rounds were cancelled Tuesday and the course closed , other than some late-afternoon trips to the driving range . More rain followed overnight and into Wednesday on the eve of the major championship , when the course finally reopened by early afternoon in time for some of the 156 players to get in practice .
The field will be cut to the low 60 scorers and ties after two rounds .
John Bodenhamer , USGA 's senior managing director , said officials did n't plan to use lift , clean and place for the first time in one of the organization 's championships .
“ It remains our intention to play 72 holes and play the ball as it lies , ” Bodenhamer said Wednesday .
The LPGA Tour 's Kingsmill Championship two weeks ago was shortened to 54 holes because of rain . The field , which includes 10 past Open champions , arrived in Alabama hoping to avoid a similar fate .
Pernilla Lindberg won the year 's first major at the ANA Inspiration , the 11th consecutive women 's major with a different winner .
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season .
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey , by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi .
Some players , including Inbee Park , Karrie Webb and No . 3-ranked Lexi Thompson , got a full 18 holes on Monday .
Thompson said some parts of fairways were “ a little muddy and a little patchy. ” After that experience , she was hoping to play under lift , clean and place rules .
“ I think it will be a little unfair if they do n't , but you never know , ” she said . “ I mean if they do n't , everybody has to play it down and it is what it is , but it 's their choice . The rain has not helped that situation , so I guess come Thursday we 'll see , though . ”
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women 's Open . Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S . Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S . Junior .
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990 , when the club drew criticism for not having black members . That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that did n't allow minority members .
The Regions Tradition , a PGA Tour Champions major , was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015 .
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions .
Webb , who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001 , is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women 's Open . She got a special exemption from the USGA .
“ It 'll be the softest U.S. Open course I 've played , ” Webb said .
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park . But distance , of course , is n't the only important factor .
“ I think it could set up for anyone that 's just hitting lots of fairways and greens , ” Webb said .
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds . Two-time U.S. Women 's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in , barring an earlier slot opening .
A friend , PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax , gave her a rundown of the course over the phone .
Otherwise , Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie “ Solo , ” then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday , enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek .
“ I feel more prepared than ever , ” Kang said . “ That 's why I think I 'm so kind of relaxed about it . ”
TORONTO — Investigators probing the deadly van attack that killed 10 people and injured 14 others in north Toronto have not yet identified any of those who died , Ontario 's chief coroner said Tuesday .
Dirk Huyer said confirming the identities is a time-consuming process complicated by the fact that the attack took place over at least a one-kilometre stretch of one of Toronto 's busiest streets .
Huyer said investigators all sympathize with the families of the deceased , but said accuracy must be the top priority .
“ We 're always balancing the need to know and the desire to know quickly to ensure that we have 100 per cent accuracy , ” he said . “ That takes time and that time can be very frustrating . ”
One victim of the attack has been identified by a Toronto city councillor as Anne Marie D'Amico , who worked at a U.S.-based investment firm .
A South Korean news agency said two unnamed Korean nationals were also among those killed , and cited government officials as saying three others were unaccounted for . The Jordanian embassy in Ottawa said one of its citizens was among the dead , but did not provide details .
Seneca College said a female student was also among those killed , but did not identify her .
Toronto police Det . Sgt . Graham Gibson said the homicide team is leading the investigation into Monday afternoon 's attack , which saw a van barrel down sidewalks packed with pedestrians , striking dozens in its path .
Gibson said 25-year-old Alek Minassian , who was arrested minutes after the attack , has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder . A 14th attempted murder charge is expected before the end of the day , he said .
Gibson said Minassian allegedly carried out the rampage in a rented van he acquired just north of Toronto .
Police remain on the scene investigating the incident , though officials said some of the streets closed since the attack will reopen by day 's end .
Near the area where Monday 's carnage unfolded , well-wishers wept as they struggled to make sense of the violence that shattered the peace of a usually bustling neighbourhood that regulars describe as a safe haven .
“ You feel for this community considering that you live here , you shop here , you laugh with the people here , you go out here , ” said neighbourhood resident Don-Antonio Andrew . “ It 's a very traumatic time for this area and for your neighbourhood . ”
Andrew , who said one pedestrian got hit directly in front of his apartment building , came to lay flowers at the scene in a show of solidarity with the neighbourhood he described as one of the best he 's lived in since he moved to Canada .
Claire Hurley , who was making her own floral contribution to the makeshift memorial , said the fatal attack was difficult to reconcile with the safe community she 's come to know .
“ This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood , so it was a big shock , ” she said while wiping back tears . “ Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine , and enjoying life . I guess you just have to … enjoy every day . ”
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street , just below Finch Avenue , where the deadly incident took place .
Across the city from the crime scene , Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him . Clad in a white jumpsuit , he looked around and said little other than his name before charges were announced . His next court appearance is currently slated for May 10 .
A man police identified as Minassian 's father was also present in court .
When asked if he had a statement to offer to the victims ' families , the man simply replied “ I 'm sorry . ”
Little is known about Minassian , but the Canadian Armed Forces said he served a very brief stint from late August to late October 2017 .
“ He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training , ” spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said in a statement , declining to provide further details .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway , there is no evidence to suggest there was a “ national security element ” to the incident . Calling it a “ senseless attack and a horrific tragedy , ” Trudeau called for a show of support for those affected as well as a city in mourning .
“ The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy , ” Trudeau said . “ All Canadians stand united with Toronto today . ”
Toronto Mayor John Tory echoed that call and said the city will recover .
“ Toronto was a great city yesterday , it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow , ” he said . “ The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken . ”
At the Ontario legislature , members of all three provincial parties held a moment of silence and expressed their grief and support for the first responders at the scene .
Premier Kathleen Wynne said that while legislators were all reeling from Monday 's incident , they felt it was important to carry on with the democratic process .
“ We have to ensure that this kind of senseless act does n't define us , ” Wynne said . “ We owe it to the people of the province to reassure them that this is a safe place that we live in , because it is . ”
U.S. President Donald Trump offered his condolences Tuesday morning .
“ I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives , ” Trump said at a White House ceremony . “ Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada . ”
— With files from Maija Kappler and Liam Casey
ATLANTA — Julio Teheran has been picked as the Atlanta Braves ' opening day starter .
The 27-year-old right-hander will be making his fifth straight opening day start . He is 1-1 with a 1.88 ERA in his first four , including six scoreless innings against the Mets last year .
Teheran was 11-13 with a 4.49 ERA in 2017 .
Atlanta opens its season on March 29 at home against Philadelphia .
The Braves also agreed to a minor league contract with right-hander Anibal Sanchez . The 34-year-old right-hander allowed two runs and six hits in four innings during a 6-3 win over Houston on Sunday . Sanchez is a candidate to open the season as the fifth starter .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BRUSSELS — International efforts to rebuild Syria once the civil war is over should centre on agriculture to kick-start the economy and quickly improve the livelihoods of the people , a high-level United Nations official said Tuesday .
In an interview with The Associated Press ahead of an international Syria donors conference , the United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization 's Deputy Director General Daniel Gustafson said that in case of a return to peace the impact of funding farming would yield almost immediate results .
“ If you invest in that , you are going to get a quick return , ” he said .
Despite seven years of warfare through much of the Middle Eastern nation which also blighted farmland and destroyed facilities , farming still accounts for about a quarter of Syria 's gross domestic product .
UN figures show that some $ 16 billion in production has been lost because of the war and it will take about as much to get the recovery of farming going again . At the two-day Syria conference opening Tuesday , donors from across the globe hope to commit several billion in assistance to alleviate the pressing needs of Syrians . Over $ 5 billion was committed last year .
Farming in Syria goes back many thousands of years and the nation was long a breadbasket for the area . When the war started almost half the population was still employed in farming .
And despite the horrific war that ravaged orchards and fields , cut the availability of seeds and fertilizers and sent many millions fleeing , half the output survives to this day .
“ The resilience of the agriculture sector is an astonishing story . You still have half the production of wheat of what you had before the war ” — two million tons , instead of 4 million before the war , Gustafson said .
Still , some 6.5 million people are in urgent need of immediate assistance because they face a lack of food , said Gustafson .
While most of the attention goes to shocking events like bombings or even gas attacks , war in the countryside often has a more creeping effect .
“ It is this continuous deterioration of their livelihoods . You can not get seeds , you can not sell stuff , you can not trade , you can not get spare parts , ” Gustafson said . “ The whole thing just kind of grinds down . ”
He said that fortunately , the situation can also pick up again soon once the conditions are right , once the right seeds come in again and people and goods are again free to move around the country .
Bitcoin Approaches $ 10,000 , Analysts Expect More Gains Once That Barrier Is Broken
Bitcoin has jumped up by more than a third in value to more than $ 9,000 — $ 9,300 at the time of writing — for the first time since March , and is primed for another ‘ price explosion , ' according to analysts .
This uptick could see the cryptocurrency 's value soar to even greater levels than experienced in 2017 when Bitcoin reached almost $ 20,000 . This positive price forecast is related to market activity that has seen a huge increase in buy orders for Bitcoin — in fact , buy orders compose over 92 % of market activity for the first time since March 2017 , as noted by Cryptoslate .
“ With so many buy orders placing pressure on the cryptocurrency market , a significant price shift is highly likely , ” said the site — adding that a massive price surge is “ inevitable . ”
Regulatory Uncertainty Dissipating
Things have been somewhat shaky in the cryptosphere as of late , in part because of uncertainty surrounding cryptocurrency regulation across the globe . For example , reports of an inquiry into cryptocurrency exchanges like Gemini and Coinbase from New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman put a bit of a temporary freeze on Bitcoin 's gains mid-month .
That said , analysts believe that the right kind of regulation could mean a boost for Bitcoin moving forward . This was hinted at by International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) chief Christine Lagarde , who said last week that Bitcoin and its underlying blockchain technology could transform the way people save and invest money .
“ Innovations from the use of digital mechanisms need to be explored and encouraged… So it 's a combination of having a framework that protects , and not stifling innovation , that can lead to cost efficiency , ” Lagarde said .
Lagarde 's optimistic comments preceded an upswing in the cryptocurrency markets which saw other major digital currencies mirroring , and in some cases exceeding , the recent gains of Bitcoin .
“ Although there are ongoing regulatory concerns in key markets , they do seem to be dissipating , ” Marques said . “ If these concerns are addressed and there is even more positive movement related to regulation in these markets , there could be even more buying pressure to come . ”
Bitcoin Bull Run
One thing to watch for is the cryptocurrency crossing the psychological barrier of $ 10,000 , which will continue to boost Bitcoin 's momentum and could trigger a bull phase in the market .
“ Bitcoin is up over 15 % in the last seven days and there are clear signs that the bull run is back . Over the past few months , Bitcoin has lost nearly three quarters of its value but now investors are seeing a lot of value across the board and market caps are rising rapidly , ” Oliver Isaacs , a blockchain and cryptocurrency adviser , told the Independent . “ Bitcoin is well on its way to $ 10,000 and the volumes , buy orders and momentum oscillators all point towards this . ”
This perspective is shared by others in the industry as well . According to Blue Line Futures President Bill Baruch who spoke with CNBC 's ‘ Trading Nation , ' Bitcoin 's $ 10,000 level has represented strong resistance , but once that level is breached to the upside , Baruch sees the coin reaching $ 11,500 .
Image from Shutterstock .
The post Bitcoin Approaches $ 10,000 , Analysts Expect More Gains Once That Barrier Is Broken appeared first on NewsBTC .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from NewsBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
