Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Iowa coach goes down the track of NCAA legislation on banning 2-a-days . Chad Leistikow / The Register
Buy Photo Iowa linebacker coach Seth Wallace , right , works with Djimon Colbert during Saturday 's `` Kids Day at Kinnick . '' ( Photo : David Scrivner , Iowa City Press-Citizen ) Buy Photo
You know the drill . The Big Ten Network stops every August for one behind-the-scenes look at each conference team 's football practice and operation .
You know it 's the league network — they mostly focus on the positive . So feel free to put as much or as little stock into what comes out of it as you want .
Monday , the bus tour was in Iowa City .
No surprise : There was n't much hard news , if any , from Kirk Ferentz or his coordinators . No quarterback decision between Nathan Stanley and Tyler Wiegers ; a big Friday-night scrimmage might finally sort that out .
But here are some of the interesting nuggets that emerged : ( Feel free to add salt . )
What the analysts said
BTN 's Gerry DiNardo made perhaps the most encouraging comment of the day , tweeting : “ From ( player ) 1 to 105 this may be 1 of the best looking Iowa teams we 've seen . Every position group was impressive physically . ”
BTN Bus Tour # Hawkeyes From 1 to 105 this may be 1 of the best looking Iowa teams we 've seen . Every position group was impressive physically — Gerry DiNardo ( @ gerrydinardo ) August 14 , 2017
DiNardo , the former Indiana coach , has been doing this bus tour for more than a decade , so that 's saying something . And it 's probably not much of an exaggeration .
Iowa is extremely deep at running back , with Akrum Wadley , Toren Young and James Butler at the top ; it 's stock-piling young , big bodies on the offensive line ( like Alaric Jackson and Tristan Wirfs ) behind a veteran starting unit ; it 's featuring a seven-deep blend of athletic and blocking tight ends ; and it feels very good about its quality numbers at defensive end and linebacker .
The big questions , of course , remain at quarterback , wide receiver and safety — something BTN studio host Dave Revsine pointed out in a tweet : “ Still a little underwhelming in the pass game in Iowa City – though clear progress has been made since spring game . I 'd guess Stanley as QB . ”
And BTN reporter Tom Dienhart said of the group 's eighth tour stop out of 14 that , “ without a doubt , it was the most physical ” practice they 've seen so far .
Takes on the offense
The BTN folks spent a lot of time focusing on the dynamic of Kirk Ferentz 's 34-year-old son being his first-year offensive coordinator .
“ This is a New Kirk move , ” BTN 's Glen Mason said from the Chicago studios , before adding about Brian Ferentz 's challenge : “ I do n't know how you have a good offense unless you have a real talented quarterback . ”
And that 's where Brian Ferentz got asked about Wiegers vs. Stanley .
“ You wish maybe you could put it all together in one guy , ” he said , wearing a T-shirt that read `` STRONG '' behind the state of Iowa outline . “ Tyler has a little more experience in the system . I think he 's often more comfortable just managing the offense and the simple procedural things that happen . And then you 've got a guy like Nate who 's a little bit younger … but he 's got a big , explosive arm , and he can sure throw it a long way . ”
Does the tie go to the younger guy ? Sophomore Stanley looked better during Saturday 's Kids Day open practice , but DiNardo said he saw no separation between the two in Monday 's practice .
Also on the concern list
Kirk Ferentz told Revsine that true freshmen Brandon Smith , Ihmir Smith-Marsette and Max Cooper could be immediate contributors .
That 's consistent with what Saturday 's open practice showed , too .
BTN 's Howard Griffith expressed concern about Iowa 's wide receivers , saying the group needs to find more players like Marvin McNutt ( Iowa 's only 1,000-yard receiver in the last 16 seasons , in 2011 ) .
“ I do n't know that that was addressed today , necessarily , ” Griffith said . “ They 're going to have a strong running game . When you have that , to be able to throw over the top of those defenses to loosen them up — you 've got to be able to do that . ”
On the encouraging list
Defensively , Iowa seems to be trending up . Griffith raved about cornerback Manny Rugamba . That confidence was echoed by defensive coordinator Phil Parker in a brief interview .
Parker likes what he 's seen in Iowa 's first 13 practices of fall camp — “ especially at corner , ” between Rugamba and Joshua Jackson . That was consistent with something Kirk Ferentz said Saturday about Jackson 's impressive growth as he enters his redshirt junior year .
Safety will be another issue .
Dienhart also did n't tamp down fans ' enthusiasm for A.J . Epenesa , predicting a `` big impact '' from the incoming five-star freshman defensive end and noting , `` the hype is real . ''
The BTN boys raved about center James Daniels , with Griffith saying the true junior would enjoy a great pro career someday . `` He 's a center that you can pull anytime you want , to the left , to the right , '' Griffith said . `` He 's just that athletic . He 's a special player . ''
Looking for the @ BTNLive crew 's @ HawkeyeFootball practice takeaways ?
You 've come to the right place ! https : //t.co/qsINxmrm4r — Iowa On BTN ( @ IowaOnBTN ) August 14 , 2017
The final words
Wadley and linebacker Josey Jewell kept things close to the vest during their air time .
But DiNardo noted about a team that Vegas put at over/under 6.5 regular-season wins , `` If someone underrates Iowa , it 's a problem . ''
And speaking of final words , Kirk Ferentz 's interview teased that 2007 AFC Defensive Player of the Year Bob Sanders would be coming in to speak to the team this week .
`` To have that connectivity and guys in the program feel comfortable coming back and being part of the family , '' Ferentz said , `` that 's the best part about sports . It always has been . ''
Two-time WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair is resting after undergoing surgery Monday , according to a statement from a WWE representative .
The statement did not give details about the surgery . Flair was placed in a medically induced coma before surgery , WWE confirmed to ESPN earlier Monday .
Flair was hospitalized and admitted to an intensive care unit over the weekend . After initially downplaying the seriousness of the issue , Melinda Morris Zanoni , the CEO of Legacy Talent and Entertainment and a Flair representative , made a plea for public support Sunday night via Twitter .
As first reported by Pro Wrestling Sheet , Flair was hospitalized Saturday morning for heart-related issues , with Zanoni initially reporting the situation involved `` routine monitoring . '' PW Insider 's Mike Johnson reported that Flair is hospitalized near his home in Atlanta .
Flair , 68 , has spent the past five decades in professional wrestling with a reputation as one of the most charismatic personalities in the history of that business . His popularity and personality have transcended into professional sports on many occasions , with athletes recreating some of his most famous wrestling promos and Flair often called on to serve as a motivational speaker .
Tahiti has been suspended as a member of the Pacific Games Council ( PGC ) for `` political interference '' after the Government boycotted the Pacific Mini Games in Vanuatu .
The unanimous decision was made during the PGC Annual General Assembly , held as part of the Pacific Mini Games in Port Vila .
The country 's suspension will officially come into effect following the Closing Ceremony of the Games on Friday ( December 15 ) .
It will remain in place `` until the PGC Executive Board is convinced that this political interference has ceased '' , the PGC said in a statement .
`` The General Assembly of the PGC unanimously agreed to suspend the membership of the Tahiti Nui Pacific Games Association ( COPF ) due to the French Polynesian Government 's interference in the autonomy and independence of sporting associations , which calumniated in its decision to boycott the Vanuatu 2017 Pacific Mini Games , '' the statement read .
There has been row between the PGC and the Tahiti Government over who should represent the country 's boxers at the event following claims that they were being endorsed by a rival federation .
The dispute led to the Tahiti Government refusing to send a full delegation to the Games .
It means athletes will be forced to take part as neutrals .
Solomon Islands claimed a one-two in the women 's 10,000m ©Vanuatu 2017
Boxers from the nation are set to compete later this week , although they will do so under the PGC flag .
Tahiti was also due to send a rugby sevens team but they withdrew at short notice .
It follows a decision from a local court to annul the results of the COPF elections last year .
The PGC then confirmed they would only accept entries from national governing bodies in the country recognised by their respective International Federations .
The organisation had earlier warned in a statement that they would not entertain the prospect of unsanctioned athletes competing at the Mini Games .
Hosts Vanuatu enjoyed a good day on the track as action resumed at the Pacific Mini Games .
Simon Charley led home a one-two for Vanuatu in the men 's 10,000 metres as he clocked a time of 34min 05.91sec .
Armon Napuat came second in 34:07.84 , with bronze going to Papua New Guinea 's Simbai Kaspar .
Solomon Islands repeated the feat in the women 's 10,000m as multiple continental champion Sharon Firisua triumphed in 39:25.4
Firisua 's compatriot Dianah Matekali earned silver in 40:34.80 , and New Caledonia 's Celine Hirzel bronze .
The Pacific Mini Games is due to continue tomorrow .
WIN 's next breakfast meeting features comedian Karyn Ruth White as keynote speaker Thursday , Oct. 26 at 7 a.m. at Atlantis Casino Resort Spa in Reno .
White also owns Denver based Laugh and Learn Productions , LLC .
Generally the monthly WIN breakfasts are on Friday , but with Nevada Day this month , it will be on Thursday .
Cost for the breakfast is $ 15 for WIN members and $ 30 for non-members . RSVPs are encouraged . For details or to RSVP , go online at : http : //www.winevada.com .
There are many ways to celebrate the nation 's 150th birthday .
Seeing an outstanding Canadian film at the Film House is an opportunity to participate in a one-day only cross-Canada event , National Canadian Film Day 150 , sponsored by Reel Canada , a non-profit organization dedicated to celebrating Canadian cinema .
Wednesday 's screening of Angry Inuk at the Film House is free .
Co-produced by writer-director Alethea Arnaquq-Baril 's Unikkaat Studios and the National Film Board of Canada , Angry Inuk is an intimate documentary on the Nunavut coastal territory that few people have experienced — certainly not the wealthy anti-hunt celebrities , including Paul McCartney who descended on Newfoundland to pose with cute white seal pups . Toy pups are used as propaganda tools to this day .
In her narration , Inuit director Arnaquq-Baril explains , “ We call ourselves the people of the seal . Almost all Inuit communities are coastal and our staple food is seal . ”
Her documentary point-of-view is an insider 's perspective of a people who hunt grey seals for food and clothing made from the skins , and making a living by designing , crafting and marketing designs for an international market .
Aaju Peter , an Inuit lawyer turned activist and designer of seal skin fashions , and recipient of the Order of Canada , remarks : “ For us , a warm coat is not a luxury … it is necessary to survival and protection if a hunter falls into the water . ”
Do n't confuse the people of the seal with a capitalist economy . By using every part of the animal , the director 's coastal Inuit community is self-sustaining and politically and economically accountable . This is their counter-argument to wealthy animal-rights lobbyists and politicians of the European Union who have never visited the Canadian Arctic , but , in ignorance , attach themselves to bans on seal hunts and import ( 2009 ) of all seal products . Period .
The potential environmental disaster accruing from big-mining projects hangs over the resource-rich Arctic landscape and the director 's community as a major threat , not an alternative .
Beautifully filmed , and narrated by the director in a calm knowing voice , the unique Arctic landscape appears stunningly beautiful , almost pastoral at moments of calm weather . Inside a home where women prepare seal meat and sew skins , a kitchen wall plaque summarizes their social awareness and distance from the norms of western culture : “ Martha Stewart does n't live here . ”
Arnaquq-Baril structures her documentary as cyclical journey , from a man teaching his young grandson the skills of the hunt , to the 13-year-old on his own , now a master hunter .
She calls herself an urban Inuit , educated in the south , but making her films in the land of her birth , about her people . She refers to anti-sealing protests of the 1970s and 1980s as “ our great Depression ” : “ I grew up in the aftermath ” ( suicides from hunger and stress ) .
Some 25 years later , her films are both personal passion projects and representations of a quiet revolution through harnessing collective Inuit voices . On the annual International Day of Protest , Inuit university students studying in Ottawa demonstrate dances and throat singing to gathering crowds in downtown Toronto .
In a powerful scene in Stockholm for EU officers , activist-designer Aaju Peter literally walks about an image projection of a global map , like a tour guide tracing the geography of her frozen homeland .
In an interview , Arnaquq-Baril notes , “ A lot of my work has been about de-shaming , ” overturning the stigma wrought upon the Inuit by outsiders , including the impact of the 2016 Oscar night group selfie of Hollywood stars , an image Ellen DeGeneres used to raise millions for her pet project against cruelty to animals .
Refuting such sly moves , Angry Inuk has received numerous awards for its cinematic richness and truth-telling .
The Film House
FirstOntario Performing Arts Centre , 250 St. Paul St , , St. Catharines , 905-688-0722
Listings for April 19 to 24
Angry Inuk : ( free screening ) Wednesday 8 p.m .
Weirdos : Thursday 8 p.m .
XX : Friday 9:30 p.m. , Sunday 7 p.m .
Operation Avalanche : Friday 7 p.m. , Saturday 7 p.m. , Sunday 4 p.m .
Winged Migration : Saturday 4 p.m .
Koyaanisqatsi : Saturday 9:30 p.m .
Slapshot : Monday 8 p.m .
Admission : $ 7 members , $ 9 general
For tickets and more information , visit FirstOntarioPAC.ca
Zambia must remain in ICC – SACCORD
The Southern African Center for the Constructive Resolution of Disputes ( SACCORD ) says Zambia should maintain its membership of the International Criminal Court .
Executive Director Boniface Cheembe says leaving the ICC will make Zambia cease being a leading democratic example on the African continent .
Mr Cheembe note that withdrawing from the ICC should not be an option , but pushing for reforms at the ICC if necessary .
A number of African countries have in recent years threatened to pull out of the ICC.Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe whose country was not part a signatory to the Rome statute has in the past been quoted criticising the ICC over its prosecution of African leaders .
President Mugabe was quoted saying it was high time Africa set up a criminal court which would seek justice for “ serious ” war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by the West , particularity during the colonial era .
Many in the international community cheered when the treaty to create the ICC , the Rome Statute , was adopted in 1998 as a way to pursue some of the world 's worst atrocities : genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity . Not all countries signed on . Notable countries that have not joined include the United States , China , Russia and India . Some countries are wary of The Hague , Netherlands-based court 's powers , seeing it as potential interference.Only Africans have been charged in the six ICC cases that are ongoing or about to begin .
SACCORD Executive Director Boniface Cheembe has since welcomed President Edgar Lungu 's indication that the decision on whether to stay or leave the ICC will be subject to wide consultation.He however said that there is also no need for the country to hold a referendum on whether to withdraw membership from the ICC or not as some people are suggesting .
Mr Cheembe says just as a referendum was not necessary when Zambia joined the International Criminal Court , the country does not need to use a referendum to decide whether it should leave or remain a member of the ICC .
Though the operation is a slight setback for Vargas , it also could provide a fleeting but symbolic moment for the Mets .
“ Something that I 've been thinking about and wanting to do for a while , ” Wheeler , who was fighting to make the opening day roster , said of the five starters all pitching at once . “ Fans have , too . ”
The Mets did not initially plan to build around their five talented starters , all of whom have fastballs in excess of 94 miles per hour . While Harvey ( in 2010 ) and Matz ( in 2009 ) were drafted in the first and second rounds , the Mets traded for Wheeler in 2011 and for Syndergaard a year later .
Catcher Travis d'Arnaud , not Syndergaard , was the centerpiece of a 2012 trade with Toronto . DeGrom , a ninth-round pick , blossomed into a top prospect for the Mets after converting from shortstop to pitcher .
But once Syndergaard and Matz reached the major leagues in 2015 , the Mets dreamed big . Harvey was having a dominant season . DeGrom had been named the National League Rookie of the Year the season before . The only one missing was Wheeler , who had debuted in 2013 and was still recovering from Tommy John surgery in 2015 .
Photo
“ But we 've all been hurt at different times , so it has n't come to fruition , ” said Wheeler , who will start in Vargas 's place on Thursday in spring training .
When the Mets lost the World Series to the Kansas City Royals at the end of that 2015 season , many believed the Mets ' potent rotation would keep them in contention for years .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ We 're here to stay , ” Harvey said after the Mets clinched the 2015 N.L . East division crown . “ We 're here to do this more often . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Injuries scuttled that plan . Harvey , a free agent after this season , has n't been the same since that World Series . Wheeler , 27 , was supposed to return for the second half of the 2016 season but endured several setbacks . The Mets reached the 2016 wild card game despite DeGrom , Matz and Harvey having had surgery that year .
The closest the Mets ever got to having all five starters in the same rotation was last season , but Matz , now 26 , landed on the disabled list with an elbow injury a week before the season began . Syndergaard , Wheeler and Harvey joined him there later in the season . DeGrom was the only Mets starter to play through the entire disappointing 2017 season .
And now , some of them are n't so young by baseball standards : Harvey will be 29 soon and deGrom will turn 30 in June .
Vargas , 35 , was signed last month to a two-year $ 16 million contract to provide stability , but he was hit by a line drive on his right hand during a start in a minor league game last week . Doctors recommend the removal of the broken bone .
“ This was the fastest way to get better , ” Vargas said on Monday after throwing a bullpen session with the laces of his glove loosened to fit his taped-up right hand . He then packed his bags to fly to New York for the operation .
“ Being my glove hand , hopefully we can get moving a little bit quicker and know I wo n't have any issues when I go to catch a ball , ” he added .
The specter of seeing all five starters in the same rotation , even once , elicited no nicknames or fanfare from Alderson .
“ We 're past that , ” he said . “ It 's about winning games and being competitive . ”
Visiting Leek - in search of art , architecture and antiques
Greystones with the tower of the Nicholson Institute as submitted Mike Smith
Derbyshire Life travels to the Staffordshire town in search of art , architecture and antiques
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
Close You currently have JavaScript disabled , functionality will be limited Visiting Leek Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in . Ramshaw Rocks Houses in King Edward Street The Nicholson War Memorial Graham Dodd of Timeless Treasures Deborah Jolley , proprietor of the Victoriana Tearooms Richard Heath of Classic Collectables Greystones with the tower of the Nicholson Institute Parker House and the Foxlowe Arts Centre Church of St Edward Rose window designed by George Bodley and manufactured by Morris & Co A panel in the south aisle by the Leek Embroidery Society One of the finely embroidered angels on a panel of six angels by the Leek Embroidery Society The Butter Market in the Market Place The Market Cross and the Tudor-style Bird in Hand pub in the Market Place
0 1 / 13
To experience one of the most exhilarating drives in the Peak District , follow the A53 from Buxton to the Staffordshire town of Leek . After running over the shoulder of Axe Edge , the most southern of the great hills of the Pennines , the road passes the Roaches and Ramshaw Rocks , a series of fantastically-shaped outcrops , some of which look as if they have been sculpted to resemble human heads . As the road begins to drop away from the high moors , it follows a succession of ups and downs with the severity of a roller coaster ride before it finally comes to rest at the entrance to Leek .
Looking as though it were in competition with the strange geometry of these rocks , the most prominent feature in the townscape of Leek is the tower of the Nicholson Institute . This quirky structure is an amalgamation of a small porthole-like window , a much larger multi-paned window , half-moon and triangular pediments and a copper dome with a vaguely Teutonic look about it . The Institute was designed by the architectural practice of William Sugden and Sons , which was responsible for many other buildings in Leek that range in style from Arts and Crafts to Scottish Baronial , with the result that the town is a place with architectural surprises at almost every turn .
Joshua Nicholson was a local industrialist who wanted to give the people of Leek an opportunity to learn and expand their cultural horizons . The Institute he founded is still used for this purpose , because it houses a museum , an art gallery , a public library and a Tourist Information Centre . It also has an extension , added in 1900 , that is now the Leek campus of Buxton and Leek College . Despite its showy appearance , the Institute hides deferentially behind a beautiful 17th century stone-built house called Greystones , which carries a plaque that records that ‘ William Morris and Leek founder members of The Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings saved this building in 1884 ' .
William Morris , the passionate Socialist , poet , writer , brilliant designer and leading member of the Arts and Crafts movement , lived in Leek between 1875 and 1878 . Ever searching for perfection , Morris had come to the town to learn the techniques of dyeing from Thomas Wardle , who owned a local dye works and had developed a successful way of dyeing Indian Tussar silk . In 1879 , Thomas ' wife , Elizabeth , founded the Leek School of Embroidery and passed on to the members of the group her amazing stitching ability , especially in depicting human flesh .
The brilliant skills of these three pioneers are illustrated in the superb Arts and Crafts exhibits on display in the Nicholson Institute , which look as fresh and attractive today as they did when they were first created . The nearby Church of St Edward contains a very beautiful embroidered panel of six angels , outlined in gold thread and set against a background of rich green silk , as well as several other dazzling examples of panels and altar frontals made by the Leek School of Embroidery . Many of the church 's equally glorious stained glass windows were manufactured by the firm of Morris & Co , largely using designs by Edward Burne-Jones and by William Morris himself .
The most eye-catching of all the windows in the church are two enormous and colourful rose windows , designed by George Bodley and manufactured by Morris & Co . They are unusual in being located on the walls of the north and south aisles , rather than at the west end or in the transepts as is usually the case for rose windows . Yet another striking example of stained glass manufactured by Morris & Co is a window designed as a memorial to Elizabeth Condlyffe , whose endowment of 1867 was used to build six almshouses designed by Richard Norman Shaw , a prolific architect who was once dubbed ‘ the architectural Picasso ' .
Another wonderful collection of designs from the past is to be found in Little Vintage , a shop housed in part of Parker House . This fine building was the birthplace of Thomas Parker , who was made the first Earl of Macclesfield in 1721 and later became Lord Chancellor . Little Vintage sells ladies ' fashions in vintage and retro styles , with the aim of ‘ celebrating eras of outstanding fashion and bringing vintage clothes to this generation ' . Another example of past meeting present is Foxlowe , a stately Georgian building , now occupied by the Foxlowe Arts Centre , on Stockwell Street . As well as incorporating exhibition spaces , a cinema and a popular café , it hosts a theatre company .
The cobbled Market Place across the road from the Arts Centre has regular indoor and outdoor markets , a monthly food market and a Saturday Antiques Market . Leek is well known as a centre for antiques . Timeless Treasures , in King Edward Street , is run by Graham Dodd , who has been dealing in antiques and curios for over 30 years . Breaking off from attending to the many people who were rummaging around his shop , he picked out a beautiful Italian-glass ornament in the shape of a horse as a perfect example of one of the ‘ timeless treasures ' in his collection .
King Edward 's Street has several impressive examples of mock-Tudor buildings . It also houses the Victoriana Tearooms , one of the most delightful tearooms you are ever likely to visit . Each floor of the three-storey building is sumptuously furnished in the manner of a Victorian dining room containing period furniture , ornaments , paintings and photographs . Owner Deborah Jolley said : ‘ My aim in setting up the tearooms was to make a welcoming , homely place and to recreate the atmosphere of a Victorian family home ' . However , the four dining areas , named after four of Queen Victoria 's children – Beatrice , Victoria , Alice and Edward – would not be out of place in a royal palace .
Deborah also owns an adjacent Victoriana Emporium , which sells jams , chutneys , preserves , vintage sweets and other vintage gifts . The nearby Odeon antique shop has rustic pine , painted furniture and restored lamps and chandeliers . Other antique outlets in the town include Leek Antiques and Interiors , on Brook Street , which has an extensive selection of 17th to 20th century furniture , plus decorative items for the home and garden .
Vintage items of a different sort are to be found at Classic Collectables on Haywood Street . This little shop has been run for the last eight years by Richard Heath , who has 20 years ' experience of dealing in antique and vintage toys . With its extensive collection of Dinky and Corgi model cars , toy soldiers , Airfix models and Hornby model trains , Classic Collectables is a great source of nostalgia for those of us who have fond memories of toys that meant so much to children who lived in a pre-computer age . When I expressed regret that I had not kept my old Dinky toys , Richard said : ‘ Dinky toys are very collectable , but they have much greater value if they are still in the box in which they were purchased . A well-preserved packet can be worth twice as much as the model itself . '
Richard 's shop is located opposite the Nicholson War Memorial . At 90 feet high , this is one of the largest war memorials in the country . It was constructed from white Portland stone and has four clock faces . The structure is dedicated to Sir Arthur Nicholson 's son , Basil Nicholson , who was killed in the First World War . Sir Arthur was the son of Joshua Nicholson , the founder of the Nicholson Institute , that other prominent landmark where we began our journey around Leek – a town that is a mecca for lovers of antiques and for people who come to see the truly wonderful embroideries and stained-glass designs produced by leading members of the Arts and Crafts movement .
Getty Image
The Boston Celtics just might be getting back a big part of its rotation on Tuesday night . Marcus Smart is cleared to play and could see the floor on Tuesday night if he has a good day of practice . Smart tore a tendon in his right thumb on March and initial reports were unclear if he would even be able to play again this year .
He had thumb surgery in mid-March and hoped to return sometime in the playoffs . That timetable shortened to sometime before the end of April , which lines up with him jumping into Boston 's first round series against the Milwaukee Bucks .
Celtics coach Brad Stevens said on Tuesday morning that Smart is officially cleared for practice and , if he responds well to contact in the run-up to the game he 'll be in the lineup for a pivotal Game 5
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on the first state dinner of the Trump administration ( all times local ) :
6:30 p.m .
The White House has some extra help in the kitchen for the state dinner honoring the president of France .
Former National Security Council spokesman Michael Anton is lending his skills to the occasion Tuesday night .
Anton is known for being particularly talented in the kitchen . In fact , White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders cited his `` amazing chef '' skills in a statement earlier this month on his departure . The White House is serving rack of lamb for the main course .
Anton resigned from the White House just before new national security adviser John Bolton came on board .
He is now a writer and lecturer at Hillsdale College .
___
5:30 p.m .
Melania Trump is embracing her moment in the spotlight for the French president 's state visit .
She traded in her usual dark sunglasses for a white wide-brimmed hat that quickly became a trending topic on social media . She has thrown herself into planning the state dinner for President Emmanuel Macron and his wife , Brigitte . All eyes will be on the former model again Tuesday when she steps out in a designer gown to greet the Macrons as they arrive for dinner .
Seeing the gown is typically the highlight of a state dinner . But for once , it may pale in comparison to the hat .
The hat bobbed up and down across the bottom of TV screens as the first lady took her seat for the president 's news conference with Macron .
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest , most experienced local news teams on the radio in America . Follow @ WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous around the world for its slogan , “ YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES , WE 'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD , ” no other radio station [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN . WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for news ? E-mail us your newstips ! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St. , New York , NY 10019 . [ … ]
Founded by Jura Soundsystem 's Kevin Griffiths , Adelaide-based label Isle Of Jura have spent the last two years reissuing unearthed gems ranging from dub through to disco and post-punk , and this latest release ‘ Jura Soundsystem presents Transmission One ' offers up their first compilation . Comprised of an eclectic selection of tracks ranging from reggae , dub , disco and ambient , many of which have been re-edited or never previously released on vinyl , in many senses this collection calls to mind a carefully curated mixtape that a friend might have slipped you more than anything else .
Black Shadow 's ‘ Minus Group ' takes things off on a jazzy reggae wander that grows steadily more eccentric as it progresses , the majestic Arkestra-style horns giving way to lo-fi keyboard noodling as J. Dilla-esque pitched-up vocal samples chirp like chipmunks . Tabou Combo Superstar 's ‘ Ooh La La ' ushers in the sort of sheeny upmarket disco grooves you 'd associate with the Prelude label , all stabbing brass vamps , pressurised dancefloor rhythms and dubbed-out female backing vocals , the squelching bass synths revealing a slight hint of acid amidst the funk .
Elsewhere , Legowelt makes an appearance under his Smackos alias with ‘ We Can Watch Alf In The Hotel Room ' , offering up a proggy ambient interlude that sees layered analogue synths intersecting with twinkling electronic tones in a manner reminiscent of Cluster , before Percussion Sundance 's ‘ Kash ' offers up the sort of streamlined disco / yacht rock that sounds like it should be soundtracking an episode of Miami Vice as flecks of funk guitar glide against woodblock percussion grooves and airy synth solos .
There are also three additional ‘ ambient tool ' tracks included courtesy of Jura Soundsystem themselves , ranging from seagulls through to night-time jungle animals , and while they certain offer an interesting diversion , they 're reminiscent of retro sound effects records more than anything else . As mixtapes go , ‘ Jura Soundsystem presents Transmission One ' is well worth investigation – and I 'd barely heard of any of the artists featured here .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Roy Moore has been keeping a noticeably low profile in the weeks leading up to the Alabama Senate special election , which makes sense since he 's been accused by over a half dozen women of sexually assaulting or creeping on them when they were teenagers . So all things considered , this appearance in a video for a pro-Trump Super PAC founded by former Breitbart employees , America First Project , was perhaps not the best idea . In it , Moore is interviewed by a precociously conservative 12-year-old girl named Millie March , who asks the candidate adorable questions about whether or not he 'll support President Trump 's border wall and what the most important issues facing Alabama are .
It 's unclear what they were trying to go for with this video . Millie was apparently well known along Trump 's campaign trail , as America First Project spokesperson Jennifer Lawrence explains in the beginning of the video
“ We decided that we were going to bring Millie to Alabama , after everything that 's happened in this Alabama Senate race up until this point , ” she continued . “ We thought it was important to not only come here as a western PAC to support Judge Roy Moore , but also to bring Millie here to show that there is a wide range of people who support Judge Roy Moore. ” It 's unclear whether or not Millie is able to understand or process the full scope of what Moore has been accused of , but either way she wo n't be able to vote for six more years .
( AP Photo/Bob Christie , File ) . FILE - In this April 6 , 2017 , file photo , Arizona state Sen. Debbie Lesko speaks in the Senate chambers in Phoenix . The sprawling suburbs west of Phoenix may put a brake on Democratic optimism following surprising special ...
( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin ) . In this April 10 , 2018 , photo , Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election Dr. Hiral Tipirneni , center , talks with supporters at a local restaurant in Sun City , Ariz. Tipirneni is runnin ...
( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin ) . In this Tuesday , April 10 , 2018 , photo , Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election Dr. Hiral Tipirneni talks with supporters at a local restaurant in Sun City , Ariz. Tipirneni is runnin ...
( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin , File ) . FILE - In this April 10 , 2018 , file photo , Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election , Dr. Hiral Tipirneni , left , talks with a supporter at a local restaurant in Sun City , Ariz. T ...
( AP Photo/Matt York , File ) . FILE - In this Jan. 27 , 2018 , file photo , former Arizona state Sen. Debbie Lesko speaks with a constituent during the meeting of the state committee of the Arizona Republican Party in Phoenix . Lesko is running against Hiral ...
By BOB CHRISTIE and ANITA SNOW
Associated Press
PHOENIX ( AP ) - Voters in a Republican-heavy Arizona congressional district headed to the polls Tuesday as a Democratic newcomer looked to pull off an upset victory for an open U.S. House seat held by Republicans since the early 1980s .
Hiral Tipirneni , an emergency room physician and a cancer research advocate , is hoping to replicate Democratic wins in Pennsylvania , Alabama and other states in a year where opposition to President Donald Trump 's policies have boosted the party 's chances in Republican strongholds .
Still , many observers in Arizona see Tipirneni 's odds as slim against the Republican , former state Sen. Debbie Lesko . Trump won the district by 21 points in 2016 .
At a polling place in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale , a stream of voters made their way into a church meeting room converted into a polling place , including Larry Bettis , a retiree who consistently votes Republican and wants Trump to build the wall on the U.S.-Mexico border
`` I voted for Lesko , and I do n't know why , '' Bettis said . `` I guess it 's better the enemy you know than the one you do n't know . ''
Ken Buedel , an active Democratic Party volunteer , said he was optimistic about the possibility that Tipirneni could win , or at least get a larger percentage of votes than Democrats in the past . He drove Democratic canvassers around the suburbs northwest of Phoenix as the election approached .
`` I think Dr. Tipirneni is a terrific candidate and if she gets elected , I think she 'll do real well , '' said Buedel , who is originally from Chicago . `` She 's the best candidate I can imagine to help turn this red district more blue . ''
Lesko and Tipirneni are competing in a special election to replace former Rep. Trent Franks in Arizona 's 8th District , who resigned in December amid sexual misconduct allegations .
Lesko represented parts of the district in the state Legislature since 2009 and has an extremely strong base of support in a district Franks had locked up since 2003 .
She 's opposed to Tipirneni 's push to expand government-run health care , backs the president 's tax cuts and is pushing his border wall proposal .
`` I support securing the border , and part of that is paying for and putting up a border wall where it makes sense , '' Lesko said . She said her opponent `` is on record of opposing any money going toward the border wall . This is not what our constituents want . ''
Tipirneni is pushing a plan that would allow people under retirement age to opt in to Medicare coverage to provide new competition in health care markets , and opposes a wall while boosting enforcement through technology and drones and adding Border Patrol agents . She also said the fastest growing segment of immigrants in the U.S. illegally overstayed visas .
`` To me a wall is not an answer , and quite frankly a lot of people have chimed in on a bi-partisan basis that a wall is not the answer , '' she said .
Tipirneni is seen as a fresh Democratic face with relatively moderate views that could get support during an optimistic year for her party . `` I think there are a lot of recent elections to suggest that conventional wisdom does n't necessarily apply , '' she said . `` There 's a lot of enthusiasm in our base . ''
The numbers strongly favor Lesko - in the Feb. 27 primary , 2 out of 3 ballots were cast for a Republican . The district sprawling across western Phoenix suburbs includes some of the most conservative areas of the red state , including the retirement communities of Sun City and the Glendale home of former GOP Gov . Jan Brewer , who never lost an election and campaigned for Lesko in a 12-way GOP primary .
National Republican groups are spending big to back Lesko . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy flew in for a fundraiser last week . Lesko welcomes the spending from national GOP organizations .
`` Not only do I want to win , but I want to win by a lot so the Democrats can see that they do n't have a chance in a red district , '' she said in a recent interview .
National Democratic groups have n't committed money to ads in the race , but in recent weeks , some progressive groups have been spending to back Tipirneni , and she has been running non-stop TV ads in recent days .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
President Trump Tweets More Support for Senator Luther Strange
by Rashad Snell
President Donald Trump has tweeted out more support for Alabama Sen. Luther Strange ahead of Tuesday 's contentious Republican primary .
Strange , who was appointed in February , is attempting to keep the U.S. Senate seat that previously belonged to Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
Trump on Monday morning tweeted Strange has his endorsement and is “ strong on Border & Wall , the military , tax cuts & law enforcement . ”
The message followed a tweeted endorsement by Trump last week in an attempt to boost Strange in what could be a close race .
Strange faces a slate of challengers in the GOP primary , including former Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore , U.S. Rep. Mo Brooks , state Sen. Trip Pittman and Christian Coalition leader Randy Brinson .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
The third device , meanwhile , is Fi 's first truly low-cost phone . The Moto G6 is priced at $ 199 and promises a decent amount of power for the price through its 5.7-inch screen , portrait mode photos and 26 hours of claimed battery life .
You can pre-order the G6 today . The G7 and V35 will be available in June , but there 's an incentive to wait : you 'll get $ 50 in Fi service credits if you buy one of them in advance . No , these new handsets wo n't satisfy anyone who wants to use Galaxy S9 with the service , but this at least provides some honest-to-goodness variety .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on the nomination of Mike Pompeo as secretary of state ( all times local ) :
3:45 p.m .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer says he will oppose Mike Pompeo for secretary of state even as President Donald Trump 's nominee appears on track for confirmation this week .
Schumer is among Senate Democrats who backed Pompeo as CIA director . But on Tuesday he said Pompeo has not satisfactorily answered questions of a top diplomat .
Schumer says he asked Pompeo privately if he would walk back comments critical of Muslims . And he wanted to know if Pompeo would speak out against firing special counsel Robert Mueller or Deputy Attorney Rod Rosenstein in the Russia investigation .
Pompeo `` demurred , '' the New York senator said .
`` I am voting no for those reasons , '' Schumer said .
__
1 a.m .
A close committee vote on the nomination of CIA Director Mike Pompeo as secretary of state is sending a warning to the White House as other Trump administration nominees are expected to meet with stiff resistance .
The Senate Foreign Affairs Committee advanced Pompeo 's nomination to the full Senate by just one vote . Until a last-minute change of heart by Kentucky Republican Rand Paul , the nomination appeared headed to an unfavorable recommendation .
Pompeo is expected to be confirmed by the full Senate later this week , given unanimous support from Republicans and backing from a few Democrats .
Sharp scrutiny is expected for Pompeo 's potential replacement at the CIA , Gina Haspel .
AP Photo/Andrew Welsh-Huggins
NEW CONCORD , Ohio ( AP ) — At age 87 , Norman Stout may not have a lot of time left to see the execution of the man who killed his wife more than three decades ago . He 's determined to be there if possible .
“ I want to make damn sure that it finally is accomplished , ” Stout said .
The state of Ohio wants the execution to happen , as well , and says it finally has the means to put condemned killer John Stumpf to death after years of trying to obtain lethal drugs .
Whether that three-drug combination is constitutional is before a federal appeals court whose ruling will help decide whether Stumpf 's execution – now scheduled for November of next year – can take place at last .
Stumpf was sentenced to die in 1984 for the slaying of Mary Jane Stout , shot four times at the couple 's home outside of New Concord in eastern Ohio , about 70 miles ( 110 kilometers ) east of Columbus .
Of the more than two dozen Ohio inmates with active execution dates , Stumpf has been on death row the longest – more than 12,000 days . Six presidents have served . More than 30 new countries have come into existence . The population of the U.S. has grown by a third .
Stumpf 's situation is not unique . Six Alabama inmates have been on death row more than 30 years , including one inmate who arrived there in 1979 . Texas houses more than a dozen inmates whose capital crimes occurred more than three decades ago . Arkansas Gov . Asa Hutchinson cited long delays faced by victims ' families when he pushed for eight executions in 11 days in April . Ultimately , four men were put to death .
As has been the case elsewhere , court appeals and Ohio 's struggle to find lethal drugs have helped delay Stumpf 's execution . That includes a reprieve from Gov . John Kasich in May when he moved Stumpf 's execution from January of next year to November to allow more time for legal arguments over Ohio 's new lethal injection process .
The 6th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati heard arguments Wednesday for and against that process and is expected to rule soon . Ohio 's first execution in more than three years is set for late next month .
Seemingly endless appeals and roller-coaster rulings are a hallmark of death sentences in the U.S. , frustrating proponents who say capital punishment moves far too slowly to ensure justice . But , opponents argue , those same appeals protect suspects ' constitutional rights and sometimes free the innocent .
Complicating matters , drugmakers and distributors have put the drugs used for decades off limits , setting off a scramble to find alternatives and often delaying executions while they search and argue in the courts .
At issue in Ohio is the effectiveness of the first drug in the state 's three-drug method , a sedative called midazolam that has been used in problematic executions in Arizona , Arkansas and Ohio in which inmates did n't appear fully sedated before the second and third drugs took effect .
“ More politics , ” said Norman Stout , recalling his reaction when he heard of the latest delay .
Stout is waiting for a conclusion to the events of May 14 , 1984 , which he recalls as if they happened yesterday . He and his wife , Mary Jane , had just finished dinner when two men came to the door asking if they could use the phone . Once inside , they announced a robbery . As Stumpf held the couple at gunpoint , Clyde Wesley ransacked the house , according to court records .
When Norman Stout made a move toward Stumpf , the gunman shot him twice in the head . Five fragments of lead remain beneath his skin .
After Stout regained consciousness , he heard two male voices in the next room , then the four shots that killed his wife . Stumpf , sentenced to death by a three-judge panel , has always maintained Wesley shot Mary Jane Stout .
Wesley is serving 35 years to life . The driver of the car that day , Norman Edmonds , served about 10 years before being paroled to his home state of Texas .
At Wesley 's trial , prosecutors argued Wesley shot Mary Jane Stout , while Wesley testified it was Stumpf . Wesley received a life sentence with parole eligibility ; his next hearing is in 2027 .
Over the years , courts upheld and later rejected Stumpf 's argument that it was improper for prosecutors to argue that Stumpf shot Mary Jane Stout yet contend at a separate trial that Wesley was the triggerman .
Stumpf , now 56 , has no current appeals pending , said David Stebbins , his public defender , who declined to comment further .
Norman Stout met his wife while stationed at the now-closed Sampson Air Force Base in western New York state . After a teaching stint in Rochester , the couple moved to Ohio , where Norman Stout was a heavy equipment operator until the shooting .
Mary Jane Stout was an avid collector of Holly Hobbie memorabilia . Norman Stout expanded her collection in her honor and now maintains a gallery in New Concord full of hundreds of Holly Hobbie figurines , plates , greeting cards , puzzles and board games .
Showing a visitor around , Norman Stout speaks evenhandedly of his shooting and his wife 's death . But it 's clear he has little sympathy for arguments about the risk of execution to Stumpf .
“ I ca n't imagine the pain that my wife went through when she was shot , ” he said . “ I want him to feel some pain . ”
—
Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/awhcolumbus . His work can be found at http : //bigstory.ap.org/content/andrew-welsh-huggins
Comments
comments
CHARLOTTE , N.C. — The Panthers have exercised the fifth-year option on outside linebacker Shaq Thompson 's contract .
Thompson is now under contract through the 2019 season .
Thompson started 14 games and had a career-high 75 tackles with six quarterback pressures and two sacks last season . Thompson is viewed as the long-term replacement for 13-year NFL veteran Thomas Davis , who may retire after next season .
The 2015 first-round draft pick from Washington has 206 tackles , three sacks , one interception , eight passes defenced and two fumble recoveries in three NFL seasons .
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
By Tarisai Machakaire
A self-confessed hit man who testified to the police alleging a senior government official issued him an assassination order to take out former Foreign Affairs minister Walter Mzembi appeared in court .
Munyaradzi Mupazviripo had claimed in a police report lodged at Borrowdale Police Station that Tourism and Hospitality Industry permanent secretary Bradah Maunganidze had told him he would receive a $ 50 000 cash payment for executing Mzembi .
He was picked up by police in an unrelated case of supplying false information to the police in relation to a fracas at the Agriculture ministry . He has been detained since Wednesday .
Mupazviripo , 44 , was released on $ 30 bail yesterday when he appeared before Harare magistrate Rumbidzayi Mugwagwa charged with disorderly conduct in a public place and deliberately supplying false information to a public authority .
The charges relate to accusations that Mupazviripo staged a scene at the Agriculture ministry offices over an offer letter . He later filed a police report alleging that the deputy Agriculture minister David Marapira had threatened him with a gun .
His lawyer Admire Rubaya made formal complaints that his client was tortured by police , prompting Mugwagwa to order an investigation into the matter .
“ …he was assaulted by certain individuals in a police station and will lodge a criminal complaint . The accused person was hauled into a certain office at the underground floor at CID Homicide and was made to crawl while being assaulted . His jacket and cellphone were destroyed during the attack , ” Rubaya said .
Prosecutor Sabastian Mutizirwa alleged that on January 23 , Mupazviripo went to the ministry of Lands offices following up on an offer letter for a piece of land at Magar Farm in Marondera .
He was allegedly advised that he could not be given an offer letter for the said piece of land since it already had lawful occupants .
The court heard that Mupazviripo met the acting director Rural Resettlement Kundai Makuku who asked him how he wanted to be assisted . It is alleged he started shouting at her saying she was a liar and corrupt .
Mupazviripo allegedly stopped shouting after the intervention of the deputy minister and was handed over to security personnel who dragged him to the police for disorderly conduct .
It was further alleged that while at Harare Central Police Station , Mupazviripo reportedly lied to constable Wasara that Marapira had pointed a firearm at him during the time he inquired about his offer letter .
The report was booked at Harare Central Crime Register number 1486/01/18 and was referred to homicide department for further management .
The State claims investigations revealed that Mupazviripo was restrained by Marapira after shouting at Makuku before being handed over to the police for disorderly conduct .
He claimed he had been beaten up for allegedly leaking classified information to the media about the Mzembi assassination plot and attempting to soil the image of government as well as scuttling re-engagement efforts .
He claims he was infact arrested for leaking top secret information to a news organisation over Mzembi 's execution and also alleges he was accused of being a member of the G40 Zanu PF faction that was backing former first lady Grace Mugabe . Daily News
But the rebuilding is slowed by politics . Bangladesh wants the refugees to eventually return to Myanmar , so it prohibits what it considers permanent construction – no brick or cement structures . Now , there may not even be time to build much more than sturdier plastic tents .
( AP Photo/Jeff Chiu , File ) . FILE - In this Dec. 23 , 2015 , file photo , a photo of Jahi McMath is shown on a video screen next to her uncle Timothy Whisenton at a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and relig ...
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Nailah Winkfield , left , and Omari Sealey , right , the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath , listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the ...
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) - The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death said she does not regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
Nailah Winkfield told reporters Tuesday that she gave up everything for daughter Jahi McMath .
`` Everything that I did , from selling my house , to quitting my job , to moving across the country and taking all that time away from my family , it was all worth it , '' Winkfield said .
She has said doctors declared Jahi dead on June 22 from excessive bleeding and liver failure after an operation to treat an intestinal issue .
Jahi had been declared dead in December 2013 at age 13 after suffering irreversible brain damage during surgery in California to remove her tonsils . A coroner signed a death certificate .
Winkfield refused to accept the conclusion and took Jahi to New Jersey , which accommodates religions that do n't recognize brain death .
Winkfield said Tuesday that her daughter grew and went through puberty - evidence she was not dead .
`` There 's no way in the world that I would be holding onto a corpse for 4½ years , '' she said .
She also described her final moments with Jahi . Winkfield said she gave her daughter permission to `` go '' if she was tired , telling her not to worry about her mom .
`` I said , 'You have my permission . You can go , ' '' she said . `` I said , 'My husband will see about me , your siblings will see about me . Do n't worry . ' ''
She said Jahi died hours later .
`` It 's going to be hard without her , '' she said . `` She was a sweet girl . ''
Jahi will be buried Friday in Hayward , California , the San Francisco Chronicle reported .
Conservative religious groups rallied behind Winkfield and helped raise money for Jahi 's continued care .
Winkfield and her lawyers have been trying to rescind the California death certificate as part of a medical malpractice lawsuit against the hospital where Jahi had her tonsillectomy .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Atlanta United FC have sold more than 40,000 tickets for their inaugural MLS match on March 5 against the New York Red Bulls at Bobby Dodd Stadium , the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported on Tuesday .
Club president Darren Eales told the AJC that the team is on pace to fill the 55,000-seat venue at Georgia Tech University , which will serve as Atlanta 's home until Mercedes-Benz Stadium is completed this summer .
Eales said that the team has sold more than 27,000 season tickets . He 'd told media in past weeks that the club had a soft cap of 30,000 for season-ticket sales , but that the team would consider increasing that number if demand persists .
ATL UTD sold more than 10,000 single-game tickets for the opener in a seven-day period starting on Feb. 2 .
The 40,000 tickets sold to date also exceed the soft cap that the team planned for the capacity for soccer games at the 71,000-seat Mercedes-Benz Stadium , which will also serve as the home of the NFL 's Atlanta Falcons .
Eales has said that the club expects to have eliminated that soft cap for select games at the downtown venue once Atlanta opens it on July 30 against Orlando City SC .
Tiffany Haddish learned to be herself after she suffered a hair disaster in an attempt to make `` boys '' like her .
The 38-year-old actress has revealed that she once went to great lengths to get the boys at school to notice her by getting her hair permed , but added that after the hairstyle went drastically wrong , she learned it was best to just be herself .
When asked what she 'd tell her 15-year-old self , she said : `` Just be who you are . All the girls in school had perms and stuff or they already had naturally silky hair , so I thought if I get a perm , and then I can get in the swimming pool and my hair will lay straight and then boys will like me and all that . But I was too goofy anyways . ''
But the 'Girls Trip ' star was n't prepared for how much the style backfired .
She added : `` [ Boys ] still liked me anyways except for when all my hair had fallen out [ from the perm ] , and I was like bald . ''
Since her horrific hair experience , Tiffany has learned that simply being female is enough to attract the opposite sex .
She said : `` [ Boys ] gon ' like you regardless . You are a girl ! ''
These days , the 'Keanu ' star stays away from major hair changes , and instead lives by a healthy beauty mantra .
When asked what her mantra is , she told People magazine : `` I love and approve of you and it does n't matter what anybody else in the world thinks because you 're beautiful to me . ''
Tiffany 's comments come after she previously shared her style secrets , noting that she was shocked when learned her Alexander McQueen dress - which she famously wore to three events - cost her just over $ 4,000 .
ARLINGTON , Va. ( AP ) -- The Washington Capitals have acquired forward Tyler Graovac from the Minnesota Wild for a 2018 fifth-round pick .
Capitals general manager Brian MacLellan announced the trade Wednesday night . The deal gives Washington a second forward under contract for next season to satisfy the minimum exposure requirements for the upcoming Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft .
Because they have Graovac , the Capitals can protect center Lars Eller .
Graovac has one year left on his contract at a salary-cap hit of $ 625,000 . He played 52 games for Minnesota last season , scoring two goals and adding two assists .
In addition to helping with the expansion draft , the 24-year-old could be a fit on cap-strapped Washington 's roster next season .
-- -
More AP NHL : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Both the June report and the one released on Friday — as well as two more expected in the coming months — originated from an executive order that President Trump signed in February asking Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to reposition financial rules to better match the administration 's aims .
“ The U.S. has experienced slow economic growth for far too long , ” Mr. Mnuchin said in a statement Friday . “ By streamlining the regulatory system , we can make the U.S. capital markets a true source of economic growth which will harness American ingenuity and allow small businesses to grow . ”
Rob Nichols , chief executive of the American Bankers Association , called the Treasury recommendations “ practical , reasonable and achievable . ”
“ Many of the recommendations in the report would make it easier to raise capital , meet the needs of bank customers operating domestically and abroad , and focus regulatory processes on effective supervision without harming the economy , ” Mr. Nichols said in a statement .
Among its proposals , Treasury recommended increasing the amount that can be raised in a crowdfunding offering , to $ 5 million from $ 1 million . The department , which also said it hoped to encourage more companies to pursue initial public offerings , pointed out that the number of publicly traded companies had declined by nearly 50 percent in the past two decades .
Treasury also addressed rules that require companies to disclose payments associated with foreign resource extraction and the presence of “ conflict minerals ” from war-racked regions in Africa in their products . It said the rules , which are backed by human rights groups , should be repealed or limited to large , mature companies .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The report touched on the costs of securities litigation , suggesting more research into arbitration as a way for companies and shareholders to resolve disputes . The document also asked for stronger regulation of the clearinghouses that operate as middlemen between buyers and sellers on Wall Street .
Mike Calhoun , the president of the Center for Responsible Lending , said he was skeptical of claims that regulations stifle the economy , pointing to high profits and substantial share buybacks by banks as evidence that the institutions are “ awash in cash these days . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Treasury report is “ more strategic ” than other efforts to scale back oversight , but it is “ still the wrong prescription for expanding the economy , and a dangerous one , ” he said .
The report said the Securities and Exchange Commission and the futures trading commission should be evaluated for any “ regulatory overlaps and opportunities for harmonization . ”
Walter J. Clayton , who was sworn in as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission in May , said in a statement that the Treasury report was “ a thoughtful and clear analysis of a range of market issues ” that had been drafted with input from his agency .
“ We look forward to working alongside other financial regulators and Congress as we pursue our three-part mission to protect investors ; maintain fair , orderly and efficient markets ; and facilitate capital formation , ” he said .
J. Christopher Giancarlo , who became the chairman of the futures trading commission in August , echoed the sentiment in his own statement , saying the recommendations would “ foster financially sound markets in a way that encourages broad-based economic growth . ”
Some of the report 's suggestions will require legislative action , but many can simply be adopted as new policies by regulatory agencies .
In June , the House passed legislation to dismantle several financial regulations enacted through Dodd-Frank , the sweeping overhaul from 2010 that became a hallmark of the Obama presidency . The bill , known as the Financial Choice Act , faces stiff odds of surviving the Senate .
This is an update of a story originally published on August 21 , 2013
University is expensive no matter how you do it , but that does n't mean you ca n't find ways to save money—potentially thousands of dollars per year .
Whether you 've moved from the other side of the world or are commuting from the other side of the city , here are 14 ways to keep costs down .
1 . Get a student bank account
All the major banks in Canada offer free banking for post-secondary students . At CIBC , for example , students get unlimited transactions for free , while non-students might pay $ 13.95 per month . All you need is proof of enrolment .
2 . Buy used textbooks online
Many universities have websites with postings from students who are offloading last semester 's books at deep discounts . You can make dough selling the books back at the end of the year , too .
3 . Find the cheap entertainment
Your student union may offer discounted tickets to movies , sports and more , so check their website . Do n't forget to check out the cheap and free sports and performances on campus . And remember , the library does n't just have those books you pretend to read for class , it also has a selection of bestsellers , graphic novels and films you may actually find entertaining .
4 . Use Skype to call home
Do n't bother with a long-distance plan on your cellphone when Skype and a number of other online services let you call anyone in Canada at no cost . Also , make sure to switch your phone to a local number to save on long-distance charges .
5 . Find the free food
Many clubs will hold barbecues to attract new members or give out free pizza to volunteers who attend weekly meetings . Other groups give away free or cheap food to promote certain lifestyles . The Jewish group Hillel often subsidizes kosher meals . At Dalhousie University , the Loaded Ladle student group gives away free vegan meals . You 'll be surprised how often you can eat for free merely by paying attention to posters on the wall and events posted on Facebook .
6 . Pick up your refund cheque
If a parent has medical or dental insurance through work , it usually covers you , too . That means you do not need not pay again through your student union . However , that student union probably collected an insurance fee to the tune of hundreds of dollars when you paid tuition . You can get that back as long as you have written proof you 're covered through a parent and apply on time .
7 . Make friends with someone with a car
A car is an unnecessary expense unless you 're commuting . Find a friend with a car who will take you grocery shopping or drive you home for the weekend . If you ca n't find a friend with a car , look into ride-share programs where you only need to chip in for gas .
8 . If you travel far , buy seats early
Megabus , which operates in Ontario and Quebec , offers seats for as low as $ 1 if you book far in advance . Via Rail , the national train service , regularly offers discounted tickets for those who buy weeks early . For those with parents very far away , get a copy of your final exam schedule as early as possible , because flights home in December are expensive and booking early can save money .
9 . Pack your lunches and snacks
Living on your own has many temptations , and few are more frequent than buying something tasty and convenient . If you spend $ 5 extra per day on food , though , that 's thousands of dollars per year . Pack your lunch instead . Packing snacks is frugal , because when it 's 1 a.m. and you 're in the library , Chinese delivery is going to be a lot more costly than your emergency granola bar supply .
10 . Buy used clothing
Thrift shopping is n't just for Macklemore . The careful shopper can pay less than $ 10 for quality jeans at used-clothing stores while something from a fast fashion joint wo n't even last a season .
11 . Pick up sexual health products on campus
Do n't spend money on condoms and birth control pills—they 're usually free on campus .
12 . Find the cheapest place to print
You 're going to be printing out most of your assignments and many of your notes , which means hundreds of pages per year . At 25 cents per page , that can add up quickly . Find a place to print on campus that charges more like 10 cents per page—perhaps a library or student union building .
13 . Pick up your free day planner
All kinds of local businesses put coupons in your student union day planner , so pick it up .
14 . Use the campus gym
Your student fees may give access to a free or cheap campus gym . If you 're really cheap , shower there and save money on soap and shampoo . Okay , maybe you do n't need to go that far…
Zane Schwartz studies at the University of Toronto , where he is news editor of The Varsity .
Everyone 's path to Corvette fever is different . Some get there through a love of preserving history and some through undeniable performance-per-dollar value Corvettes have always offered . Others still derive the fever from experiences from their youth that stick with them . That was precisely what hooked Bill Cobb of Medina , Ohio .
“ When I was 10 years old , ” Cobb recalled , “ my father came home with a red 1976 Corvette and two short years later he traded that '76 for a 1978 Silver Anniversary with every option . I was immediately hooked. ” But just as Cobb was coming of age to take the wheel himself , everything fell apart . He told us that his dad “ ended up selling the car 21 days short of my 16th birthday because , as he put it , he was n't going to do hand-to-hand combat with me for the keys every Friday night. ” For 15-year-old Cobb , this new reality was crushing . “ I have honestly never recovered , ” he told us . But it all worked out for the better because Cobb 's love for Corvettes only got stronger over those years—the classic “ you want what you ca n't have ” scenario .
Even though his dad let go of the '78 , Cobb still found a way to get his fix of Corvettes by spending his summers working for a guy named John Drahos who , not coincidently , is the owner of Corvette Conspiracy in Cleveland , and has been for 40 years now . “ I will always treasure that awesome experience and the memories I have , ” said Cobb . “ They are a part of what fueled my passion. ” Unfortunately , life happened and responsibility took hold of him . It was n't until much later when he picked up a black '02 Corvette convertible that Cobb got his first taste of Corvette ownership . It was good , but did n't quite hit the spot . Then in 2006 , he made a trip down to his local dealership and put in an order for a brand-new 2007 Z06 . “ I took delivery in the fall of 2006 , ” Cobb told us , “ and have never been happier with an automobile ! ”
He drove and enjoyed the Corvette in its stock form for a few years , but then started to notice some of the builds that his old friend Drahos was turning out at Corvette Conspiracy . More specifically , the huge power they were adding to late-model Vettes via ProCharger superchargers . All of a sudden , his dream-come-true C6 Corvette was n't all that exciting any longer—it needed more .
The guys at Corvette Conspiracy began by pulling the entire drivetrain and sending the engine out to ERL Performance where the LS7 received their Superdeck treatment , sleeving the cylinders so they could withstand way more power than stock . Then back at Corvette Conspiracy , the rotating assembly was upgraded to match . They went with a Callies crankshaft and Callies Ultra H-Beam rods with Wiseco pistons . As for the top end , a Lingenfelter GT9 camshaft was tossed in and then the stock heads were ported for more flow . The LS7 's air and fuel capabilities were further enhanced with a FAST intake manifold and 102mm throttle body . Then the fuel injectors were upgraded to Aeromotive 85lb units . Finally , the engine needed more oiling capabilities so a Katech billet oil pump was installed .
With all of the supporting mods done , Corvette Conspiracy got to the fun stuff and installed ProCharger 's D-1SC centrifugal supercharger along with an air-to-air intercooler . The result ? Double the factory horsepower . Once they got everything back together and bolted on the Pfadt Tri-Y header exhaust system with X-pipe and Billy Boat Fusion mufflers , they ran it on a chassis dyno . The Corvette put down an astounding 890 horsepower to the rear wheels . Add in a bit of correction for drivetrain loss and that 's just over 1,000 hp at the crank compared to the factory-advertised 505 hp .
As for the rest of the drivetrain , the stock transaxle was retained but got a new twin-disc clutch and B & M shifter . Driveshaft Shop supplied them with a new torque tube to tie everything together .
From the outside , Cobb 's C6 does n't let on that it 's hiding a 1,000-horsepower mill under the hood . The only visual differences over stock are the 19×10 front and 20×13 rear HRE wheels shod in Nitto Invo rubber , the fronts getting 285/30R19 and the rears 345/25R20 . Inside , the whole interior was gutted and covered in Dynamat then put right back in place . A fuel pressure gauge is hidden in the ashtray and some higher-quality Kenwood and Boston Acoustics speakers replaced the stock units , but other than that , it 's all just as Chevrolet designed it .
The whole build process likely took a lot more money and time than Cobb might have preferred , but the lucky man his is , he had his wife Amy 's patience and support through it all . Without her support , we would n't get to enjoy his one-of-a-kind Z06 . So for that , Amy , we thank you . And once the Vette was done , Cobb showed it at the annual Cleveland , Ohio , Piston Power Show in 2013 and took home Best in Class . Then he came back the next year and did it again .
When we asked how he typically uses the Corvette he replied saying , “ As needed—mostly for therapy. ” Can you think of a better way to blow off some steam after a long work week than taking your 890-wheel-horsepower Corvette Z06 for a drive ? We ca n't . Vette
Gee started working on the LEX over a year ago , using the shutter mechanism from a Sony A7 . Since then , he 's done a lot of prototyping , electronics work , design and 3D printing to create the mockup you see above ( and prototype below ) , detailing his development on the LEX website .
`` After doing some research it became obvious the 18mm flange focal distance which makes E-Mount amazing for building compact cameras like the Sony A6500 was going to rule out adapting any existing film body I could find , '' Gee told Sony Alpha Rumors . `` The easiest approach was to start at the beginning and make a whole system from scratch . ''
He now has a working prototype that looks rougher than the mockup , but it does work , as Gee has used it to take some sample photos , as shown in a gallery here . Going forward , he plans to release open source plans `` so simple , that with a 3D printer and a soldering iron you can build it yourself . '' If you 'd rather just do the photography part , `` we may crowdfund a small batch of devices before opening the design files up , '' he said .
Jordan Abel is a young poet of Nisga ' a heritage who won the Canadian 2017 Griffin Poetry Prize , Canada 's most generous literary award for poetry , for his long work Injun . Born in 1985 and raised in Barrie , Ont. , and Lethbridge , Alta. , Abel holds a B.A . from the University of Alberta and is currently working on a PhD at Simon Fraser University . His academic interests are in Indigenous studies and digital humanities . He lives in Castlegar , B.C. , with his wife , Chelsea Novak . Maclean 's caught up with him shortly after his Griffin victory was announced . This interview has been edited for length and clarity .
Q : You must be extraordinarily pleased about the Griffin . How are you feeling ?
A : Pretty good ! I mean , absolutely surprised and a bit overwhelmed . But mostly pretty good .
Q : Injun is dedicated to “ the Indigenous peoples of the Americas. ” Does the Griffin Prize in some sense legitimate more than just your book ?
A : For me , that dedication is essential . In this book , my writing is in resistance to the problematic representations of Indigenous peoples in the Western genre , and likewise is for everyone that has felt that personally . The book is , of course , also for allies , non-Indigenous peoples and settlers . But I think it is first and foremost for everyone who has struggled against these painful misrepresentations . I do n't really think the Griffin Prize legitimates that struggle . That struggle was and is real with or without the prize . That being said , the Griffin Prize certainly legitimates my conceptual approach to the subject .
Q : Your father belongs to the Nisga ' a people of British Columbia and your mother you have called “ a white settler lady. ” Where do you situate yourself in the complex world of race and racial heritage ?
A : Well , I think situating and positioning are key concepts here . What so many people misunderstand about indigeneity is that it is not a monolith . There is not just one single way to exist as an Indigenous person . There are multiple ways . I think Bonita Lawrence said it best in her book “ Real ” Indians and Others : Indigenous identity is often best “ explored as a negotiated and highly contested set of realities. ” My position within indigeneity then is a negotiation between being a Nisga ' a person , an urban Indigenous person , and an intergenerational survivor of residential schools .
Q : Recently there has been a brouhaha in the world of Canadian literature over what gets called appropriation of voice—writers using stories that do not belong to them . The epigraph to Injun from Mark Twain states , “ It is better to take what does not belong to you than to let it lie around neglected. ” How do you think of Injun in light of the appropriation of voice issue ?
A : So I think about the Mark Twain epigraph on two levels : 1 ) as a statement that demonstrates the absurd and greedy logic of colonialism , and 2 ) as a statement about my poetics . Injun , as a book , is about appropriation , and as such it also uses conceptual forms of appropriation in order to comment on the mechanisms of appropriation itself .
For me , what 's really interesting is how easily we forget . The recent “ brouhaha in the world of Canadian literature ” is part of a continuum of discussions about appropriation . What 's important to remember is that Indigenous peoples and allies have been fighting against appropriation and resisting colonialism for literally hundreds of years . And yet we 're still having the exact same discussion .
For the last month , the discussion has been oriented around a hypothetical “ appropriation prize. ” But just weeks before that we were talking about non-Indigenous artist Amanda PL 's artwork as culturally appropriating Norval Morrisseau 's work . Last year we were talking about Lionel Shriver 's keynote at the Brisbane Writers Festival where she said that she was “ hopeful that the concept of ‘ cultural appropriation ' was a passing fad. ” There are literally hundreds of examples out there . And yet we continue to have this discussion over and over again .
Q : Your approach to the writing of poetry is conceptual . In Injun , you take an existing body of public domain material—91 Western novels—and then use your imagination , as well as the search function on a computer , to re-arrange bits of text that include the word “ injun ” into poems . Is all of your work as a poet conceptual ? What attracts you to this way of writing ? And what poets have influenced your work ?
A : Yes , all my work as a poet so far has been in at least some way conceptual . Although I would hesitate to label myself a conceptual poet . Instead , I would suggest that I am a Nisga ' a writer who utilizes some of the tools and methodologies of conceptualism in order to write about indigeneity .
What appeals to me most about conceptualism is the fluidity between texts and the relative ease of working intertextually . We talked about this a bit before , but I find that conceptualism really allows me to address my position within indigeneity ( the highly contested and overlapping set of realities ) in a meaningful , transparent and honest way .
Also , it 's so tough to narrow down my influences ! Certainly for this book I was incredibly interested in the cut-up . So I have to list both Brion Gysin and William Burroughs . But at the time I was writing the book I was also reading a lot of Annharte and Lisa Robertson . Certainly , there are a number of writers who write in a similar vein who I deeply admire . I am a huge fan of M. NourbeSe Philip 's Zong ! and Moez Surani 's ةيلمع Operación Opération Operation 行 动 Oперация .
Q : Whom do you think of as the audience for your poetry ? Does an awareness of or hope for readers influence your writing process ?
A : You know , I was reading a review the other day where the reviewer essentially implied that I was writing exclusively for settlers with the specific intention of unsettling them . I do n't think this is entirely true . I mean , I 'm glad that settlers are reading my writing . But I am writing for both Indigenous and non-Indigenous audiences . Likewise , my intention is n't solely to unsettle but is also to invite in .
In terms of the reader , I am not so much forming my writing based on who I think will be reading my work . Instead , I am thinking quite deeply about the practice of reading while I 'm writing . Injun , I would argue , is a non-linear book . And by that I mean that there are multiple reading pathways through the book . I can absolutely imagine a reading process for this book in which the reader is asked to flip forward , flip back , and even invert the book while reading backwards .
READ MORE : Amber Bracken on why Canada needs more Indigenous photojournalists
Q : You are in a PhD program in Canadian literature at Simon Fraser University . All of your poetry collections have won awards , including , now , the biggest of them all . Is there any tension in your writing life between Jordan the poet and Jordan the scholar ?
A : For sure ! So I am doing a PhD in Indigenous poetry and digital humanities . I make that distinction because Indigenous literature is a separate field from Canadian literature . The project that I 'm currently working on for my PhD is academic , but I believe it takes a lot of cues from my creative work . Specifically , the kind of data-mining work that occurs in my last two books [ Un/inhabited and Injun ] .
What you read is a political decision . What you study is a political decision . All of my academic work is designed around supporting and thinking about Indigenous poetry and Indigenous poets . In many ways my work as a scholar is informed by my interests as a writer . That being said , I think the biggest tension right now is actually trying to be both a poet and a PhD student at the same time .
Q : What are you working on now , if I may ask ?
A : I am currently working a number of different projects . But the one that I have been focusing on recently revolves around a series of creative distant readings of James Fenimore Cooper 's novel The Last of the Mohicans . The project was in part inspired by Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz 's argument [ in An Indigenous Peoples ' History of the United States ] that Cooper 's novel plays a role in reinventing the colonial origins of the United States , and in creating a narrative that was “ instrumental in nullifying guilt related to genocide. ” I would say that this work seeks to disrupt the colonial logic in the novel by displacing ( and reorienting ) the text itself in order to expose the problematic representation of Indigenous peoples ( which is a theme I return to quite often ) . The project is also deeply inspired by current digital humanities techniques of visualization , machine reading and algorithmic allocation . A few pieces from this project were published recently ( or will be published soon ) in The Capilano Review , The Malahat Review , Canadian Literature , The New Quarterly , Datableed and by above/ground press in a chapbook called Timeless American Classic .
CBS Films
Between spending a good portion of this month at Sundance , only to immediately come down the flu after returning , I have n't been altogether , 100 % caught up on everything going on in the world . ( Have you had this flu ? Oh , gosh , it 's a monster . It just knocks you out for three or four days . On Sunday I woke up , realized I had the flu , then went back to sleep until Wednesday . I would guess I 've had more sleep this week than any week since I was an infant . ) Anyway , when my editor told me we needed a review of Winchester , I honestly had no idea what that was . Considering the time of year this is , and that it 's not screening early for press , my best guess was this was some sort of horror movie . ( I was right . ) My second best guess was that this was , finally , the long-awaited origin story of David Ogden Stiers ' character from M * A * S * H , Charles Emerson Winchester III . ( Honestly , I always liked Winchester on M * A * S * H. Unlike Frank Burns , he was smart . Snooty , yes , which is why Hawkeye and B.J . did n't always like him , but they always respected him as a surgeon . )
Anyway , since I had absolutely no idea what I was seeing , added with the fact I 'm still in the midst of that post-flu groggy no man 's land of not being sick anymore , but also still not feeling “ right , ” I decided to keep a running diary . Here 's how that all turned out .
12:25 p.m . I have the hardest time picking an assigned seat when all but five are open . I literally stare at the seat selection screen for three minutes before making a selection .
12:27 p.m . I decide not to sit in the seat that I preselected .
12:29 p.m . I had to use the restroom and the sinks are n't working properly , so I return to my seat with my hands covered in soap .
12:29 p.m. And who says the movie theater going experience is diminishing ?
12:35 p.m. Winchester has begun .
12:35 p.m . I am told this was “ Inspired By Actual Events , ” which is code for , “ There 's a person in this movie who was a real person but the rest of it is totally made up . ”
12:36 p.m . Honestly , what a dumb sentence . “ Inspired by actual events , ” could literally mean anything . But you know there 's going to be someone out there watching Winchester this weekend swearing up and down this is true because of that meaningless sentence .
12:37 p.m . There 's a child named Henry standing on a table with a bag on his head .
12:37 p.m. Maybe Henry is watching a movie .
Poptheatr Lets You Watch Movies With Your Head in a Bag https : //t.co/HfV5DBn0Mn pic.twitter.com/dGVmro2Tj2 — Peter Sciretta ( @ slashfilm ) January 31 , 2018
12:37 p.m. Maybe Henry is watching Winchester .
12:38 p.m. Jason Clarke is in this movie . That 's encouraging .
12:41 p.m. My hands smell nice .
12:45 p.m . The word “ Winchester ” has already been said in this movie about 40 times .
12:46 p.m. We just had our first jump scare . It involved a maid cleaning a cabinet . That 's not a good sign .
12:46 p.m. Also , when did bad horror movies all come to a consensus on the “ jump scare ” sound . You know that sound , like an orchestra playing all of its instruments as loud as they can for like one second ?
12:48 p.m. Why did I agree to this ?
12:54 p.m. Jason Clarke plays a doctor who is hired to travel to Helen Mirren 's haunted house and give her a medical evaluation . Jason Clarke also , for fun , sips a liquid from a jar labeled “ poison . ”
12:57 p.m. Jason Clarke and Helen Mirren are having dinner , discussing roller skates .
12:58 p.m . There is no reasonable person in this movie .
12:58 p.m. Like who hears a mysterious sound in the middle of the night , in a house they do n't live in , then decides it 's a good idea to investigate where that sound came from ? When I hear a mysterious sound in the middle of the night , I just pretend I did n't hear it . Life is full of mysteries .
12:59 p.m . I bet the Devin Nunes memo is out by now .
12:59 p.m . I bet right now Twitter is reacting to the memo in a calm and orderly manner .
1:03 p.m. Winchester just gave us the ol ' “ xylophone almost jump scare. ” Like when the creature or ghost kind of walks by in the background or foreground , but does n't look directly into the camera , and a xylophone plays .
1:07 p.m. Jason Clarke is really trying his best here .
1:10 p.m. Winchester has devolved into nothing but jump scares .
1:15 p.m . I ca n't believe Mortdecai was a movie .
1:17 p.m. At this point I do n't know much more about this movie than I did when I had never heard of it .
1:19 p.m. Winchester is the Devin Nunes of horror movies .
1:19 p.m . I have no idea what that means .
1:21 p.m . I bet Jason Clarke is a ghost .
1:21 p.m . I bet Devin Nunes is a ghost .
1:21 p.m. Maybe I am a ghost . Maybe I died from the flu and this is my fate , haunting this theater .
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) — Tiger Woods was never in contention in his return to the PGA Tour .
He did n't dip into the 60s as he hoped he would on a brilliant sunny — and windy — Sunday at Torrey Pines . He missed three times more fairways than he hit in his four rounds in the Farmers Insurance Open .
Yet he was `` very pleased '' with only his second PGA Tour event since he tied for 10th in the Wyndham Championship in August 2015 . He had two back surgeries that fall , and fusion surgery on his lower back last April .
Woods cooled off after birdies on four of seven holes midway through his round Sunday and finished with an even-par 72 on the South Course that left him tied for 23rd .
`` After not playing for a couple years and coming out here on the Tour , playing , you know , a solid four days , I fought hard for these scores , '' Woods said . `` They were n't like drive down the middle , hit it on the green , two-putt , one of those yawners . This was a lot of fight . ''
They certainly were n't yawners , although Woods once again drew a large , lively gallery as he played the weekend on the PGA Tour for the first time in 29 months .
Woods will be back in his native Southern California in three weekends for the Genesis Open at Riviera .
His to-do list includes `` Everything . Just like it was after I played in the Bahamas , have to work on everything . We 're going to do the same thing here and I 'm excited to get this one under my belt , though . ''
Woods had rounds of 72-71-70-72 . Sunday 's conditions were the toughest of the week .
`` I was pleased today . I feel like I played a lot better today . These conditions , they were tough . I was trying to shoot 65 , maybe get to 10 and post , thought that might be a good playoff number . But there are too many guys up there , they 've gone past 10 and gone to 11 and 12 and there 's a bunch of them up there . So it would have been nice to post it , just see what happens , hang around for a couple hours , but I 'll take 72 , though . ''
Woods hit only 17 of 56 fairways in his four rounds , three on the South and one on the North , which is no longer considered easier than its neighboring layout at the seaside muni .
`` We can see the swing is out of sync . He can feel it 's out of sync , '' said Nick Faldo , a six-time major champion and CBS Sports analyst . `` This is one year out — an awful lot of rust . There were only a couple of holes where he hit it down the middle , on the green and had a look . ''
`` He has n't been close enough to the flag to say , ' I should have been better . ' ``
This was Woods ' 25th start on the PGA Tour since his last victory in August 2013 at the Bridgestone Invitational . It was only the 3rd time he shot par or better all four rounds and only the eighth time he finished in the top 25 .
Woods said his body held up .
`` It was nice . You know , some of the shots I had to hit out of the rough , out of the trees , shaping them both ways , and a few times I had to jack up the speed and had no issues at all . ''
Woods has won this tournament seven times , and Torrey Pines was the site of his dramatic win in the 2008 U.S. Open and a Junior World Championship as a teenager .
`` It 's always fun to come here , '' Woods said . `` This is like near and dear to my heart , just like home . To see some of my friends from high school are out here , things like that , and the people are absolutely fantastic all week . They were loud , they were excited , but they were very respectful . It was nice to play in front of the people like that , and overall I thought I did pretty well this week . ''
That is , except for the spectator who shouted `` Get in the hole ! '' as Woods was mid-stroke of a 10-foot birdie putt on No . 13 . He missed just right of the hole .
Woods paused at one point to chat with Andre Iguodala of the Golden State Warriors . He also wore a red shirt on Sunday at Torrey Pines for the first time in five years .
___
Follow Bernie Wilson on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/berniewilson
A federal judge in Manhattan on Wednesday ordered lawyers for Michael D. Cohen , President Trump 's longtime fixer , to complete within two weeks their review of a huge trove of documents and data that the F.B.I . seized from him last month and that prosecutors are eager to use in their continuing investigation of Mr. Cohen .
The judge , Kimba M. Wood , said that if the lawyers did not meet her June 15 deadline , she would allow the government to take control of the review , which is to determine whether any of the seized paperwork or electronic files should be protected under the lawyer-client privilege belonging to Mr. Trump .
Until now , a court-appointed special master has been overseeing scrutiny of the materials with Mr. Cohen 's lawyers , but Judge Wood suggested in a hearing in Federal District Court that the process was moving too slowly .
“ It 's important for the court to balance the slow , deliberate needs of those who are asserting attorney-client privilege , ” Judge Wood said , “ with the needs for an investigation to go forward . ”
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. ( AP ) — The New York Jets ' social media department posted a graphic on Twitter on Friday of a sad-looking dog that resembles the Cleveland Browns ' logo wearing a cone around its neck — along with a Jets collar tag .
It also showed four dog biscuits — two of them broken — on the ground . The tweet included the word , `` Sit '' followed by # NYJvsCLE .
It was deleted about an hour after being posted . Someone might be in the doghouse because of it .
The message did n't exactly fit what coach Todd Bowles and his players have been saying all week — the 2-2 squad is `` not good enough to look past anybody . ''
The tweet received over 300 retweets and 600 likes before it was taken down .
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( Darpa ) in US has successfully tested a field-deployable system for neutralising toxic chemicals like sarin , soman , and mustard gas by using a waterless soil-scrubbing technology .
The machine has been developed under Darpa 's Agnostic Compact Demilitarization of Chemical Agents ( ACDC ) program , that aims to develop technology to neutralise bulk stores of chemical warfare agents ( CWA ) . The latest machine removed toxic chemicals , without creating any hazardous waste by-products with a 99.99 % rate of success .
Trending : Will I have a heart attack ? This AI can predict more accurately than doctors
`` It is in our national interest to have a field operable unit that can safely dispose of chemical warfare agents and other dangerous chemicals on the front lines in a timely manner , '' said Darrel Johnston , senior program manager at Southwest Research Institute chemistry and chemical engineering division , which developed the system .
How does it work ?
The machine works in conjunction with the Tactical Plasma Arc Chemical Warfare Agents Destruction System ( PACWADS ) , a thermal treatment system already in testing phase for use by US military .
Do n't miss : India starts # BoycottSnapchat after CEO 's alleged 'poor country ' comments
The PACWADS , a similar system already under testing , uses high-temperature from a plasma torch to convert highly toxic chemicals into relatively harmless components , and then uses a water-based capture process to eliminate the last traces of any contaminants .
The latest system gets rid of the water scrubber and connects the new soil-scrubber , which directly captures and converts toxic CWA decomposition products and acid gases into non-hazardous salts .
Most popular : Computing pioneer and creator of the internet Bob Taylor dies at 85
What is left is just non-hazardous soil that can be safely returned to the environment . As of now the machine has only been tested indoor but Darpa plans to test it against actual CWAs in the coming months and possibly make it part of standard military vehicles for the US army in future .
Recently scientists had developed a biological shield to protect against chemical weapons like sarin and mustard gas . While this Darpa technology can not perform the same function it can be extremely helpful in combing operations by military post any chemical attacks or even chemicals gas leaks .
You may be interested in :
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
New Year 's Eve saw plenty of drama on this side of the pond , including Mariah Carey 's mesmerizing trainwreck performance and Don Lemon 's entire evening that may have brought one hell of a hangover . So , anyone would be forgiven for missing this Tom Hardy BBC appearance , which presents the perfect opportunity for a reliving some holiday magic . No ? Do n't judge me .
The rough-and-tumble bloke appeared on CBeebies Bedtime Stories to read a fetching tale — You Must Bring A Hat — for the kiddies , but adults will enjoy it too . There 's truly something here for everyone , including a chance to see Hardy soften up and temporarily abandon his tough-guy exterior . The persona has served him well in a number of movies , but the pressure to maintain had to give at some point .
One can choose to listen to the story itself , since Hardy took great pains to pepper his portrayal with different character voices . However , the big distraction here is Hardy 's dog , Woody ( “ Woodstock ” for those who feel fancy ) , happily lounging on his owner 's lap . The pup previously won the red carpet while looking even more dapper than his dad , and here , that fancy hat easily won the night .
Happy New Year , indeed .
The last time Georgia Southern came to Boone , a four-point play , game winning shot by the Eagles with 0.8 seconds remaining to win 101-100 gave App State men 's basketball a heartbreaking defeat .
On Monday , the Mountaineers ( 8-16 , 3-10 Sun Belt ) ended a five-game losing streak to the Eagles ( 16-10 , 9-4 Sun Belt ) 83-78 and sweep their two game weekend home stand .
In what head coach Jim Fox called “ exercising some demons ” from last seasons ' upsetting loss , the Mountaineers dominated the Eagles in the paint all night behind junior forward Griffin Kinney 's career-high 25 points .
“ We are getting better and getting better at the right time , ” Fox said . “ We beat a good team tonight , and I am looking forward for tomorrow and getting back to practice . ”
Falling behind the Eagles by nine halfway through the first half , Fox drew up a play to run the team 's motion offense . But Kinney said he saw that defenders were playing off of sophomore guard Ronshad Shabazz and saw the opportunity to switch the play up , leading to a split-screen pass for a layup by Kinney .
“ Griff got [ the team ] together and drew up the same play and changed it to get a layup , ” Fox said . “ We always talk about as the season goes on I want them coaching more than me . Griff was incredible tonight . We battled and he did a little coaching too . ”
After the layup the Mountaineers went on a 20-5 run to close out the half and dominating in the paint 24-10 to hold a 41-33 halftime lead .
Suffering a close 92-88 loss earlier in the season in Statesboro , the Mountaineers focused more on defending inside the paint and forcing more outside shots .
“ I think we made some changes at the way we guarded them , ” Fox said . “ We clogged it up for 36 minutes and wanted to take away their drives to the basket . ”
The Mountaineers opened up the second half with the lead and never looked back . Despite 32 points from Eagles guard Tookie Wilson and 19 from guard Ike Smith , the Mountaineers used another strong crowd and student section as a motivation .
“ It felt good coming out and seeing people in the crowd cheering for you when getting buckets and stops , ” Shabazz said . “ We feel more confident with a crowd . We have been on the road a lot in the first half of conference and we are here now and have fans and we have each others back and feel we can beat anybody . ”
Georgia Southern struggled to stop App 's big men , and sent Kinney to the charity stripe for 20 free throws as he made 13 of them .
“ Last time we played them they doubled me , and they did n't tonight so I was being real patient , ” Kinney said . “ Each time we got in the paint I was patient to see my options , and some calls went our way tonight and my teammates got me the ball in the places I like it . ”
Pulling ahead by 15 with 11 minutes remaining , the Mountaineers began to give in a little bit in the final five minutes allowing the Eagles to hit six of their final six attempts from the field .
Unlike some close games throughout the season , the Mountaineers did n't let the Eagles run take the game away from them , and sophomore guard Emarius Logan hit four key free throws in the final minute to put the game away .
Shabazz said the confidence at the end of games has been building up for a while now .
“ It started a few weeks ago when we played Arkansas State fighting until the end of the game . We did n't want to come out like we wanted but we fought , ” Shabazz said . “ It rolled over to the next week and we fought , and then last game , and we looked over and wanted to close the game out . We knew they may make big shots , but we believed in ourselves to win the game . ”
Now with three wins over the Sun Belt 's top three teams at home this season , the Mountaineers young team is building confidence as they head back onto the road before coming back home to finish the regular season .
Every team in the Sun Belt makes the league tournament this season , and with the depth of the conference , Fox said it is about who is playing the best at the right time .
“ It will make it very interesting in New Orleans , ” Fox said . “ Whoever is playing best will have the chance . Our goal is to get better and be playing better at the end of February and March . We are n't where we need to be , but we took a big step in the right direction and we have to keep better . ”
The Mountaineers head back out to the road and will face South Alabama on Feb. 18 at 8:05 p.m. in seek of their third straight win .
Story By : Jason Huber , Sports Editor
December 21 Sports Recap
Girls basketball blows out B-CC 55–28 with second half surge ; boys basketball outlasts B-CC 57–49 despite slow start
Guard Abby Meyers goes up for a contested layup in the second half . Photo by Tomas Castro . Guard Abby Meyers goes up for a contested layup in the second half . Photo by Tomas Castro .
Filed under Sports , Winter
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
Views : 22
Girls basketball
The girls basketball team ( 6–0 ) shut down the B-CC Barons Wednesday 55–28 , behind a dominant second half .
In addition to being a heated rivalry game , both the Vikes and the Barons entered the game undefeated . The Barons kept with the Vikes early on , only trailing by two at the end of the first quarter .
However , the Vikes controlled the game from that point on , outscoring the Barons by 27 in the rest of the game . Guard Abby Meyers continued her dominance , scoring 35 points in the contest which was more than half of the team 's points .
“ In the second half Abby definitely got really hot , ” guard Brooke Gumotaotao said . “ She 's just always focused in on her game and making sure that the team is playing at our best . ”
Forward Olivia Meyers and guard Sophia Tompkins also both contributed with six points each .
The team 's next game is Friday at home against the Churchill Bulldogs .
Boys basketball
The boys basketball team ( 6–1 ) outlasted the B-CC Barons 57–49 Wednesday .
The Vikes started out cold , falling behind 18–7 in the first quarter . However , they outscored the Barons by 14 points in the second half to put them away .
Guard Alex Sanson scored a game-high 18 points and guard Joey Squeri scored 16 points .
The team 's next game is Friday at home against the Churchill Bulldogs .
At Travelers , an insurance company , the $ 1,000 bonus will be distributed to workers who earn $ 75,000 or less and who meet certain objectives in annual performance reviews .
Given how slowly lower- and moderate-wage workers ' pay has risen in recent decades , any added cash is welcome . But for many workers , the one-time bonuses reflect a familiar pattern : The bulk of economic rewards flow to stockholders , who tend to congregate at the top of the income scale , while most working Americans receive a relatively tiny portion .
“ It 's a nice gesture on the part of employers , ” said Ken Abosch , compensation practice leader at Aon Hewitt , a human resource consulting firm . “ And it appears to be great for employees who up until this point were not eligible to receive any type of bonus opportunity , ” such as part-time and hourly workers .
“ But I do n't see anything that suggests this is going to be ongoing , ” he added .
Particularly since the recession , businesses have been reluctant to increase fixed costs and have relied more on one-time bonuses than permanent raises , Mr. Abosch said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
A survey of 241 companies by Aon Hewitt in December found that 83 percent did not expect the tax cuts to result in any changes in future salary increases .
A somewhat higher proportion said they expected to award bonuses , but estimated the awards would not exceed 2 percent of annual base salaries .
“ That is significantly less than what would be a competitive bonus target , ” Mr. Abosch said .
Based on data from thousands of companies , a competitive bonus for workers earning , say , $ 30,000 a year equals 5 percent of base salary , he said . Retail workers who get a $ 250 bonus , by comparison , are receiving just 0.8 percent . ( A $ 1,000 bonus equals 3.3 percent . )
For $ 50,000-a-year employees , the competitive bonus rate is 7.5 percent , Mr. Abosch said . A $ 250 bonus amounts to 0.5 percent , while a $ 1,000 bonus equals 2 percent .
“ And as you go higher up the wage scale , it becomes less and less consequential , ” he said .
At the same time , some corporations offering bonuses will be able to subsidize their payouts with taxpayer funds . If they announced their plan before the end of 2017 , they will be allowed to deduct the cost of the bonuses at last year 's 35 percent corporate rate , even if they pay employees in the early months of 2018 , after the rate dropped to 21 percent .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ That 's a very advantageous tax rule , ” said Steven M. Rosenthal , a senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center .
`` If you can save one person from getting another OVI , one person from getting into an accident , one person from hurting somebody else , it makes sense , '' Cicconetti told The News-Herald . `` It 's just common sense . It does n't cost anybody anything to install it and activate it , and it 's far cheaper than paying the thousands of dollars you 'd have to pay for another OVI . ''
There are many technological `` solutions '' to the drunk driving problem , of course . Researchers have developed a laser that can detect drunk drivers remotely . There are apps with hardware add-ons to help you decide if you 're too drunk to drive . Some car-makers have anti-drunk driving technology built in . And yet there are still too many people choosing to drive while intoxicated ; 604 Operating a Vehicle Impaired citations were issued in 2016 for defendants in Painesville Municipal Court . Installing an app and having it set up with a credit card for easy access could certainly encourage folks to grab an Uber or Lyft from the bar . Now if only we could ensure that the Uber drivers are sober .
Bruce Arena has made quite a promise .
On the eve of the US national team 's pressure-packed World Cup Qualifier against Panama , Arena visited the American Outlaws ' night-before party in Orlando on Thursday night to deliver a message to the crowd on hand .
That message ? The US need their fans ' unwavering support in Friday 's game , and with it the team will pick up the necessary result that will allow it and its aficionados to head to next summer 's World Cup in Russia .
The US are currently in fourth place in the final round of CONCACAF World Cup Qualifying . They host Panama on Friday night ( 7 pm ET ; ESPN2 , Univision , UDN ) at Orlando City Stadium , and a win would move the Americans into one of the spots with an automatic berth to Russia 2018 ahead of next Tuesday 's final round of qualifiers .
Four seasons is a marvelous gift of our planet to landscape photographers , at least in certain parts of the world . In the past , I preferred anything but winter . I always impatiently awaited fall colors , peaking around late October and beginning of November , or the lush green tones of mid-April . But in the past few years , I learned to love winter too . Well at least when there is snow and frost . Here are my tips on how to photograph snow in cold weather .
Winter is not an easy time to photograph , as some extreme conditions may occur . Among other issues , low temperatures often lead to discomfort for photographers and shorter battery life . Winter , however , brings several benefits for landscape photographers that are often underestimated :
The sun hangs much lower over the horizon compared to other seasons ;
The sun rises in the southeast and sets in the southwest ( in norther hemisphere ) – which might be useful for some locations ;
The sun does not rise as early as in the summer ;
Snow and frost can substantially transform the atmosphere in many locations ;
Snow and ice can be very photogenic on their own ;
If you have not done so yet , perhaps it is time to get out in the cold and bring home some great photographs . Below are my ten tips for shooting winter landscapes .
1 ) Thorough Preparation is Important for Tough Conditions
Look at the weather forecast and prepare appropriate clothes . Pay attention not only to temperatures but also to wind speed and to air humidity – the latter two can decrease the subjective feel of the temperature big time . As a landscape photographer , you should be set up at your shooting location ideally 30-45 minutes before sunrise , as pre-sunrise pink clouds can show up pretty early on . But that is also when the temperatures reach their lowest point . The first photograph above was shot at the beginning of January of this year . When I got out of my car , it was -24.5°C ( -12 Fahrenheit ) . Sunset photography can be slightly more weather-friendly in winter months , however , as soon as the sun disappears below the horizon ( and you do want to stick around after sunset ) , temperatures typically drop very quickly too . What 's worse is that you would be standing right next to your camera , waiting patiently for the best light , which means lack of body movement and hence getting cold much quicker than usual . Therefore , it is critical to wear proper shoes and clothing that wo n't let you down . Here are some recommendations in those areas :
Use multiple layers of high quality clothing . Merino wool-based layers can provide the necessary warmth – make sure that the base layers are close to your skin . Use warm waterproof shoes . If the snow is deep , you might want to use gaiters . Have two pairs of gloves – one thick hard shell for those waiting moments and the other should be thinner gloves to be able to manipulate your camera . Wear long johns for really low temperatures . Sometimes several layers might be necessary . Again , Merino wool can be very useful as a base layer . Have a thick and warm head cap , perhaps even two layers . Hand and toe warmers can be life-savers in very cold conditions , so if you know that it will be freezing cold , you should equip your hands and feet with those . Have multiple fully charged spare batteries . Remember , cold temperature drains batteries much faster than usual . Ideally , try to pre-set your camera settings before getting out ( in car or at home ) so that you only change the absolute minimum while shooting in harsh conditions . A tripod would be a must during early hours due to lack of ambient light and very slow resulting shutter speeds . However , make sure that you have foam or other material protecting your tripod legs – you do not want to be grabbing a bare aluminum tripod with your hands , as it will freeze your palms and fingers . I personally carry my tripod attached to my camera bag , so that I do not have to hold it for a prolonged period of time .
2 ) Plan Your Trip Immediately After Snowfall
To get amazing photos in the winter , timing is much more important than your gear . In lowlands where I live , unlike in the mountains , fresh snow is rare and often melts and gets dirty within a few days . I pay attention to weather forecast and especially try to identify short pockets of good weather following the snow storms . Often , even cloudy weather can be good , especially if the clouds are structured . Shooting while it is snowing hardly ever leads to good results ( unless the snow storm is combined with direct sun , but that hardly ever happens ) .
These images were captured after a snow storm . Here , the snow covers everything , including branches of the trees , roofs and roads . Some ugly subjects , which might otherwise be difficult to get out of your frame , such as trash bins in natural parks , literally disappear from your scene under the snow cover . The downside of this is the fact that roads might be difficult to ride – so again be extremely careful ( and do not drive if you do not have winter tires and chains in reserve ) . Inform your family and close friends if some hazard may occur during your trip . Safety first – do not risk just for the prospect of a potentially great image . Your health and well-being are far more important .
3 ) Work with Snow Structures in the Foreground
Wind and frost create beautiful shapes and structures in fresh snow . Such a theme is ideal for your foreground . If snow cover is older , perhaps already partly melted , look for foot imprints or any tracks in snow – these can serve as leading lines in your composition . Get low and close to those structures and use a wide angle lens . Control your depth of field by applying hyperfocal distance measurements to determine the best spot to focus on . And do n't forget about diffraction , as it can make snow particles and other important details look mushy rather than sharp and detailed .
4 ) Use a Different Color Palette
What I enjoy about snow-covered landscapes is the very special color palette they exhibit . Snow and frost change the tonality of the landscape . The hue palette gets simplified . Snow softens strong tones and highlights the otherwise less visible pastel colors . Very often , the only saturated color is deep blue of the clear sky . Moreover , snow covers the unfitting color elements on the ground ( such as non-complimentary green-brown hues of the empty fields ) .
During sunset and sunrise , the white snow nicely reflects the saturated tones of the sky . In extreme temperatures , I often observed rich purple and orange tones in the low sky above the horizon before sunrise and after sunset . Do n't be surprised to see bluish shadow areas in sunny conditions – it is just your brain that compensates your perception of the snow color in shadows in real life .
5 ) Use the Sun as the Primary Subject
The sun makes a wonderful primary subject when you shoot against it and include it in the frame . In the mornings and late afternoons , it hangs really low . If you have a good lens that handles flare well and draws nice sun-stars , the sun will serve as a wonderful compositional element in your images . To get those sun-stars to appear , you would need to stop down your lens to a very small aperture such as f/11 or f/16 .
If you see flare and ghosting , you can use a great trick described in detail in Nasim 's article on eliminating ghosting and flare in landscape photography . If you are comfortable with image blending in post , there is another great technique to avoid over-exposure and diffraction : shoot two images – one for the sun at f/16 and one for the foreground and background at a larger aperture like f/8 . Then combine the two images in post and use simple blending techniques with layers to bring those sun-stars into your image .
Also , consider if filters ( such as CPL , UV or ND ) are helpful in any way when shooting against the sun . If not , detach them , as they could make things worse in terms of additional ghosting and flare . If you do use filters , make sure that they are of high quality and have multi-coating applied to them . For more details about lens filters , see Nasim 's article on lens filters and also check out his must-have filters for landscape photography article .
6 ) Make Use of Frost
White frost can turn almost anything into a very attractive subject . Paradoxically , that is exactly what makes it difficult to photograph . With a thin layer of frost covering everything , landscape looks like a fairy tale , which may obscure the focus of the photographer for a good composition . I personally live in an area where the combination of freezing frost and blue sky is relatively rare .
So when I got it earlier in January of this year , I got totally excited – and out of excitement I forgot to turn on VR on my lenses . When I discovered that , I was at first angry at myself , but then I took it as a good sign that I should take my time and focus on what I am doing , rather than let my excitement take over and ruin my photographs . Good composition and framing should always be your priority , but do not underestimate other variables that come into play while shooting , whether it has to do with proper exposure , focusing , depth of field or simpler things related to your camera settings .
9 ) Try Black and White Photography
Even if I really enjoy the winter color palette , snow and frost often create handy conditions for black and white ( B & W ) photographs . Low sun prolongs the shadows of all subjects . These shadows can create interesting shapes and lines . I prefer B & W when I shoot in relatively harsh midday sun .
Basic composition elements ( such as lines and shapes ) are much more visible in black and white , especially once you highlight them a bit in post-processing , whether through color conversations or through dodging and burning . During sunny winter days , you can play with shadows projected on the snow and also get some great shots .
10 ) Go Above the Inversion
If you can , go above the inversion . What do I mean by inversion ? In winter , there are often specific conditions when lowlands have lower temperatures than higher altitudes . This usually leads to low-hanging clouds that cover anything but mountains . Underneath the clouds , the light is usually dim and dull . Above the clouds , you get a clear sky – and the clouds below look like a sea . Only some mountains peak out and you can create some really interesting compositions with them . Come around sunrise and sunset – that is when the light and colors are going to be ideal .
11 ) Look for Details
If snow covers the landscape , I recommend looking for tiny details . Even in cloudy days you can find some objects that look a bit different with snow than without it . Branches , fences and other mundane subjects are placed on a flattering white background . Ice , icicles , snowflakes , bubbles or cracks in ice – all of those are great themes to use . Do not forget to get really close to different structures and take a few detail shots which can make your winter portfolio more diverse .
12 ) Try Different Post-Processing Techniques
This point will be a subject of another article . For now , I will recommend that you do not boost the “ Clarity ” slider too much . Compared to standard landscape images , I prefer using a different post-processing technique for winter landscapes . The simplification power of snow holds for luminosity as well : what portrait photographers know as high-key photography can be achieved with snow too . Mid and high tones dominate with very few areas reaching black point .
Hope you enjoyed this article on photographing winter landscapes . If you have any questions or feedback , please feel free to share your thoughts below !
By Matt Citak
Considering how crazy the regular season was this year , it should come as no surprise that the first two rounds of the 2018 NCAA Tournament have been absolute chaos . Favorites have fallen , history has been made , and , oh yeah , we still have four more rounds to go .
Buckle up , ladies and gentlemen . With the way March Madness is going , we should be in for a wild finish .
UMBC becomes first 16 seed to win , beats UVA by 20
On Friday , the University of Maryland , Baltimore County made history . The UMBC Retrievers accomplished something that 135 previous 16 seeds in the 64-team era of the NCAA men 's basketball tournament were unable to do — pull off a first round upset .
The University of Virginia entered the tournament as the No . 1 overall seed . Yet despite being the overwhelming favorite in this “ David vs. Goliath ” showdown , the Cavaliers failed to show up to their first-round matchup , falling to the Retrievers by whopping 20 points .
UMBC 's cinderella run came to an end on Sunday , when No . 9 seed Kansas State pulled off the late victory over , 50-43 . The Retrievers ' magical run may have ended quickly , but the darlings out of the American East did more than enough to solidify their place in NCAA history .
UVA far from the only favorite taken down
While Virginia suffered the biggest upset , the Cavaliers were n't the only favorites taken down during the tournament 's opening weekend . The madness began on Thursday , when No . 13 seed Buffalo opened their tournament play with a 21-point beatdown of Arizona , sending the NBA 's likely No . 1 pick DeAndre Ayton home early . The craziness continued a few hours later , when Donte Ingram of No . 11 seed Loyola-Chicago hit a long three-pointer right before the final buzzer to beat No . 6 seed Miami and send his team into the Round of 32 .
The upsets continued on Friday , when No . 11 seed Syracuse , the last team to make the tournament , defeated No . 6 seed TCU , while No . 13 seed Marshall took down No . 4 seed Wichita State . While the opening round produced some very surprising results , it was nothing compared to what we saw in the Round of 32 .
Loyola-Chicago was the first big underdog to punch its ticket to the Sweet 16 , when they defeated No . 3 seed Tennessee on Saturday , thanks to a Clayton Custer jumper with just 3.6 seconds remaining . The Ramblers were joined by the Syracuse Orange as the only double-digit seeds in the Sweet 16 , after the Orange pulled off the first major upset of Sunday 's games , beating No . 3 seed Michigan State , 55-53 .
But the madness did not stop there . No . 7 seed Texas A & M destroyed No . 2 seed UNC by 21 points , No . 9 seed Florida State took down No . 1 seed Xavier 75-70 , and No . 7 seed Nevada overcame a 22-point second-half deficit to defeat No . 2 seed Cincinnati , 75-73 .
Unlike other No . 1 seeds , Villanova playing like top team
Virginia and Xavier are out , while Kansas snuck by No . 8 seed Seton Hall , winning by just four points on Saturday . But unlike the rest of the pack , Villanova is playing up to its No . 1 seed .
The Wildcats began their tournament play with an easy 26-point victory over Radford . Jay Wright 's squad faced a pesky Alabama team in the Round of 32 , and at halftime , it appeared as if the No . 9 seed had a chance to upset Villanova . But a 22-point second half from junior guard Mikal Bridges put those thoughts to rest , as the Wildcats pulled away to win by 23 .
With one of the country 's most efficient offenses , it was not surprising to see Villanova score at ease against Radford and Alabama . But the Wildcats ' defense has also looked great in the first two rounds , and that should worry the other 15 remaining schools . Going up against a very talented West Virginia team in the Sweet 16 , Villanova will face its toughest matchup yet on Friday .
South Region without top-4 seed in Sweet 16 for first time ever
The best way to understand just how crazy this year 's NCAA Tournament has been so far is to look at the bracket 's South Region . For the first time in NCAA history , no top-four seed in the South Region has made it to the second weekend , as No . 1 seed Virginia , No . 2 Cincinnati , No . 3 seed Tennessee , and No . 4 seed Arizona all found themselves on the wrong side of an upset .
The four teams to make it to the Sweet 16 out of the South are likely not the schools you may have expected . No . 5 seed Kentucky is the highest seed remaining , followed by No . 7 seed Nevada , No . 9 seed Kansas State , and No . 11 seed Loyola-Chicago .
John Calipari , who helped lead Kentucky on a late-season winning streak to take home the SEC Tournament championship , has to like his team 's chances moving forward . The only obstacles between the Wildcats and yet another Final Four appearance are Thursday 's matchup against Kansas State and , if they emerge victorious from that , an Elite Eight contests against the winner of Nevada-Loyola-Chicago . As we have seen many times before , the key to winning is getting hot at the right time . And few teams are playing better than the Wildcats right now .
Duke is ACC 's last best hope for a title
The Atlantic Coast Conference entered the Round of 64 with several legitimate contenders to emerge as national champions . But following four days of pure chaos , the ACC is left with just one good chance at a national championship — the Duke Blue Devils .
The Blue Devils have absolutely dominated their first two games , beating Iona by 22 before dismantling Rhode Island by 25 . They are averaging 88 points in their first two games , while holding both of their opponents to under one point per possession .
The ACC has four of the 16 teams left , but Duke provides the conference with their best hope for a title . The Blue Devils take on Syracuse on Friday , guaranteeing at least one ACC team in the Elite 8 . Florida State has a tough matchup against No . 4 seed Gonzaga on Thursday , while Clemson will have to battle it out against No . 1 seed Kansas on Friday .
Duke has the best chance to win it all of the remaining ACC teams . But if this tournament has taught us anything , it 's that any team is capable of pulling out a W , no matter how big of an upset it seems .
Want to dominate this March ? Join SportsLine now to get picks for every postseason college basketball game from the model that went 27-5 in the first round last year and has accurately predicted nine of the 12 double-digit seed upsets the last two years !
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum . Follow him on Twitter .
Longtime Triad High School secretary Bettijo Welty is pictured with former Triad Principal Dan Kaffenbarger at her retirement party held Wednesday at the high school . During her 51-1/2-career as the principal 's secretary at Triad , she worked with Kaffenbarger the longest – 17 years from 1988 to 2005 . He is currently superintendent at Madison-Champaign Educational Service Center . There have been 10 principals at Triad since its inception , and she worked with all of them . She and her late husband , John , both graduated from North Lewisburg High School , which became part of the Triad consolidation , and their two sons and two of their three grandchildren graduated from Triad .
( Photo submitted )
––––
Ask her what she 's been doing for the last 51-1/2 years and she 'll tell you she has been serving as the secretary to the principal at Triad High School . Bettijo Welty was only 31 years old when she started that job and now in her ‘ 80s , has decided to hang it up .
She was born in 1934 and for most of her life has lived in the North Lewisburg area , graduating from the high school there in the class of 1952 . She and her husband , John , had two sons , Pat and Jerry , and then she decided to go back to work . All those years at the school were spent with 10 different principals .
The principals were varied in personality . She thought the most difficult one was a guy who believed everyone else was wrong . Anything , anyone suggested could not possibly be the right way to do it and so fortunately , his tenure was short .
The easiest one to work with was there for 17 years . It was his first job as principal and yet he and Bettijo developed a true friendship and counted on each other to keep things going smoothly .
There are lots of duties of a high school secretary . One is to listen to and read the excuses for absences . The task was sometimes difficult due to handwriting and misspelling on the notes . Occasionally , when a child was sick the parent would go into extreme , specific , gross detail , when describing all of the symptoms their child had .
Some of the most interesting times were when a student would call in with his own excuse about why he was n't there . Bettijo would recognize that this was the student and not the parent , who was supposed to be calling . At the end of the conversation she would always say , “ Thank you , ” and use the student 's name so they realized she knew what was going on . It may have been a legitimate absence , but the parent was supposed to make the call .
Of course , there were many changes during the 50-plus years she was there . One was moving to computers instead of a typewriter . This technology came into play more than 20 years ago and learning to use it was a challenge . She was apprehensive at first , but now everything about computers is interesting to her .
The printer-copiers connected to the computer , of course , replaced the old mimeograph machines of the 1960s . Bettijo remembers being quite excited the first time she pushed the button and the printer across the room actually printed something from the computer . The world changed for her at that point .
Students have changed , too . In her early years , she says students were more responsible . They counted on themselves to have books with them and notes or anything they needed for school . Now , high school students seem less responsible and more reliant on mom or dad to bring those things to them . The high school is out in the country , far away from everything and Bettijo pointed out , it 's often a challenge for parents to drop what they 're doing and bring the items to the students .
Now , students rarely need to come to the office to use the phone to call someone for help . Most students have cell phones , which are not to be used in class , but are permitted in school .
Something that did n't happen in the early years was alcohol in school . Recently , there were two incidents of girls doing just that . Bettijo says that many students will carry a container of water or a small thermos around school . During the above incident , it was suggested that someone in administration should check out the girl 's containers . Yes , they had brought alcohol to school and , yes , they were drinking it ! Seriously , how could they think they could get away with that ?
Her favorite part of the job has always been getting to know the students . It 's a small high school of only about 300 students and that number has remained at that level for most of her time there . She says that it 's easy to get to know about 80 students in each class .
Occasionally , it has come to her attention that some kids were having a rough time at home and then it became a challenge to be their friend , someone who maybe could just offer a smile and get them to smile back at her . She hopes they always felt able to talk to her , maybe when they could n't talk to anyone else . She 'll miss the kids the most , she says .
Bettijo is now 83 . Her husband , John , died last October and she has had health issues , so she said that it was time to make the retirement decision , mostly at the urging of her sons . In addition to her two sons , she has three grandchildren , John , Josh and Jenna , and a great-granddaughter , Emelia . Good memories go with her from a job she loved .
( Melanie Behrens – melb @ marysvillejt.com )
For the full story , Subscribe To Our E-edition .
Those hoping to see Will Smith and Martin Lawrence on another cop-romp around Miami may have just had their dreams dashed somewhat .
Though a sequel to Michael Bay 's 2003 actioner ‘ Bad Boys II ' looked like it was moving ahead last year , it 's just disappeared entirely from Sony 's slate .
It follows a wealth of delays and re-schedulings , and might suggest that Marcus and Mike might not be riding again after all .
Sony 's Columbia Pictures imprint has had a script in place since 2009 , and in 2015 , things looked promising as Joe Carnahan , helmsman of ‘ The A-Team ' and ‘ The Grey ' , joined the production .
Then Sony even gave the movie a release date of February 17 , 2017 , as well as plans for ‘ Bad Boys IV ' , to be released on July 3 , 2019 .
But things started moving around a little more fluidly – ‘ Bad Boys III ' was moved to June 2 , 2017 , and then again to January of 2018 , though things progressed slightly in that it was given a new name , ‘ Bad Boys for Life ' .
Martin Lawrence even mentioned to Jimmy Kimmel that filming was to start in March , 2017 , but that diary date came and went too .
Then in February this year , it emerged that the movie was being delayed once again , now to November 9 , 2018 , and in March , Carnahan quit due to scheduling clashes .
That it is now director-less and has dropped off the Sony slate entirely does n't bode spectacularly well , however , Deadline reports that the script continues to be tweaked and Will Smith is ‘ still interested ' .
Read more
Tom Cruise injured on Mission : Impossible set
Cameron explains why all T-800 Terminators look like Arnie
Sharon Stone posts amazing video of her Basic Instinct audition
TRENTON , N.J. ( AP ) — The final two defendants convicted in one of the largest credit card fraud schemes ever charged by the U.S. Department of Justice have been sentenced to prison terms .
Federal prosecutors in New Jersey say 65-year-old Iselin resident Sat Verma was sentenced Tuesday to a year in prison . He had pleaded guilty to access device fraud .
Qaiser Khan , of Valley Stream , New York , received a six-month sentence . The 53-year-old Khan had pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud .
Prosecutors say Verma and Khan were among 22 people convicted in a scheme to create and use more than 7,000 false identities to obtain tens of thousands of credit cards .
The scheme caused more than $ 200 million in losses to businesses and financial institutions .
firefighters will be busy this weekend , spreading knowledge about fire prevention , healthy living and community spirit .
The main event will be at Home Depot in Granbury from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. , said Fire Marshal Ray Wilson . Firefighters from several of the county 's stations will answer questions about protecting homes and people from fires as well as other safe practices , he said .
Preventing health emergencies will be the focus of DeCordova 's event from 9 a.m. – 3 p.m. , Wilson said . Community members can stop by the fire station at 6430 Smoky Hill Ct. for blood screenings and a glimpse into EMS life .
Station 70 in Oak Trail Shores will also be holding an open house from 3 p.m. – 6 to celebrate their renovated fire station , Wilson said .
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) — The civil rights anthem `` We Shall Overcome , '' which has been quoted by the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. and was made popular by folk singer Pete Seeger , has been declared a part of public domain .
Ludlow Music , the song 's publisher , agreed in a New York federal court last week to back down on claims of copyright after losing a summary judgment in the case . The publisher said in a stipulation filed last Friday that it waived the right to appeal the judge 's opinion and agreed the melody and lyrics are `` dedicated to the public domain . ''
The lawsuit was filed by the Shall Overcome Foundation , a group that wanted to make a documentary about the song , and Butler Films , which produced the 2013 film `` The Butler . ''
Rowan Atkinson 's Maigret failed to match up to rival drama Line Of Duty in the ratings as it returned on Sunday night .
The crime drama , which aired on ITV at 8pm for two hours , was praised by fans , although it only scored an average audience of 3.8 million viewers according to overnight ratings .
This number includes those watching on catch-up channel ITV +1 .
Line Of Duty 's dramatic episode , the fourth of the current series , was the highest rated show of the night .
According to overnight data , 5.7 million viewers tuned in to watch the hour-long episode at 9pm , with a 27.3 % audience share compared with Maigret 's share of 18.5 % .
It has previously been beaten in the ratings on a weekly basis by ITV 's Vera , which finished last week .
The numbers for Line Of Duty are expected to rise when those watching on iPlayer are later taken into account .
The first episode of the fourth series had been watched by an average of five million viewers in the overnight figures , but consolidated numbers later showed it had been seen by 7.4 million .
Atkinson reprised his role as the pipe-smoking French detective Maigret after receiving mixed reviews upon his debut last year , and was this time given a thumbs-up by viewers .
Fans were delighted with his performance in the episode , entitled Night At The Crossroads , and many said they would happily forget the actor 's famous comedy roles Mr Bean and Blackadder for the drama .
One fan wrote on Twitter : `` Rowan Atkinson is such a great actor , I forget he was Mr Bean unlike someother people lol . ''
Another said : `` Outstanding performance by Rowan Atkinson in # Maigret .
`` So good , I never expect him to say , 'wibble ' . ''
Meanwhile , Line Of Duty viewers were enthralled by the episode , which saw DS Steve Arnott ( Martin Compston ) wake up after being brutally attacked and falling down several flights of stairs in the previous instalment .
One viewer enthused on Twitter : `` Thank the lord I managed to catch @ Line_of_duty before I saw any spoilers . What an episode . Might have been the best yet ? ''
Another said : `` Wow , wow , wow ! @ Line_of_duty How could you possibly top that.Just brilliant all involved and breath . that Steve Arnott is 5 alive ! ''
Over on BBC Two , one million viewers watched the grand finale of Robot Wars at 7pm - which saw Team Carbide crowned the champion .
By MATTTHEW PERRONE
AP Health Writer
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Federal health officials are cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents , politicians and school administrators .
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it has issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a nationwide operation against illegal sales of Juul ( JOO'-uhl ) to children .
Like other e-cigarettes , Juul is an electronic device that vaporizes liquid nicotine into an inhalable vapor .
Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive , Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discrete way to vape at school and in public .
As part of the FDA initiative , regulators are asking Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design and marketing of its devices .
The San Francisco-based company says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Firefighters have put out a brush fire along northbound I-280 in San Francisco , near the Monterey Boulevard onramp.The fire was dangerously close to several homes and vehicles.Firefighters controlled the fire at 11:30 a.m .
Robert L. McKay , who designed the first Taco Bell restaurant and with founder Glenn Bell turned it from a quirky food stand into a fast-food empire , has died . He was 86 .
His son , Rob McKay , says McKay died last week from cancer .
Bell opened his first Taco Bell in Downey , California in 1962 , selling hard-shell tacos and other Mexican-inspired fast food .
McKay was an architect and designed the Spanish-style arched and tiled building that became the chain 's signature look .
McKay eventually became president of Taco Bell , which had some 900 restaurants when it was sold to PepsiCo in 1978 .
He went on to finance other businesses that invested in technology , consumer products , real estate and banking .
Dozens of military aircraft took to the skies yesterday ( Tuesday ) for their final rehearsals ahead of the flypast over London next week to mark the centenary of the RAF .
The rehearsals took place at RAF Cranwell , near Sleaford , yesterday afternoon ahead of the main event in London next Tuesday ( July 10 ) . Around 100 aircraft , including Dakota , Spitfire , Lancaster , Hurricane and the Red Arrows , will fly over The Mall on the day . Meanwhile , a parade of more than 1,300 servicemen and women will take place on the ground below .
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152124001
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152136001
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152147001
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152158001
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152209001
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152220001
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152231001
The RAF 100 practice flight over RAF College Cranwell in Lincolnshire ahead of the main flypast over Buckingham Palace on Tuesday July 10th . EMN-180407-152242001
Bismillah .. 🙏🏽😇
A post shared by Aurelie Hermansyah ( @ aurelie.hermansyah ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 11:13pm PST
ALAMEDA , Calif. — Jon Gruden yelled out instructions , called out plays and ran an NFL practice for the first time since leaving coaching nearly a decade ago in Tampa Bay .
This was the day Gruden had been waiting for ever since he was hired for a second stint as Oakland Raiders coach .
The Raiders opened their first voluntary minicamp under Gruden on Tuesday with optimism that a change in coach can alter the fortunes of a team coming off a down season .
`` The practice field has always been a laboratory for a coach , '' Gruden said . `` That 's where we earn our pay . We have to develop this team . We have to learn a lot about them quickly . We have a lot of things to teach , a lot of things to improve . It was fun to be out there . I do n't want to be too deep or philosophical or I might start crying . ''
While only the first 30 minutes of practice were open to the media , there was a different vibe than in previous years with Gruden 's loud voice replacing music as the soundtrack on the field .
There were even large video boards on the field , allowing players to watch replays of practice plays immediately after they happened to make corrections more quickly . Gruden said that was something his first saw watching Jim Harbaugh 's practices at Michigan and adopted it himself .
Gruden viewed this minicamp as an examination to see how well the players have learned the plays and system in meeting rooms the past two weeks . Gruden said he tried to throw a few extra wrinkles at quarterback Derek Carr and was pleased with how he responded .
`` He threw everything at me , '' Carr said . `` He tried to get me to see if I was listening to him in the meetings . We had a lot of fun doing that . It 's always fun to accept his challenge and hopefully do good at it and look at him or wink at him or something like that . We have fun together because we both have the same goal of putting the ship in the water and hitting this thing running . ''
Gruden takes over a team that fell from 12 wins in 2016 to just six last season , leading to the firing of coach Jack Del Rio and a second stint for Gruden in Oakland . The Raiders ' facility looks far different than it did during Gruden 's first tenure from 1998-2001 with a workout centre that Del Rio initiated and new fields .
The team needs plenty of work after last year 's disappointment .
The king in the North is clearly not the king of proposals !
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington , who plays Jon Snow in the popular HBO series , was recently a guest on The Jonathan Ross Show , where he hilariously revealed that he accidentally ruined his proposal to his co-star-turned-fiancée , Rose Leslie .
Before he bent the knee and asked Leslie if she would marry him , Harington had made `` some plans '' on how he was going to do it .
`` I was going to string up some lights in some trees and do all the romantic stuff , '' he revealed . `` But we were in the country and we were under this beautiful night sky and had a log fire burning and red wine . ''
MORE : Kit Harington Engaged to ‘ Games of Thrones ' Co-Star Rose Leslie !
So , what went wrong ?
`` I blew my load early , '' he confessed , apologizing for his language to host Johnathan Ross . `` I was meant to do it the day after with the lights . What I meant to say was , I popped my question a bit early . ''
One thing 's for sure , Harington and Leslie , who played star-crossed lovers on GoT before the red-headed beauty 's character , Ygritte , was killed off in season four , have no plans for a Westeros-inspired wedding .
`` No , '' Harington said , immediately shutting down the idea . `` There is absolutely no chance of me convincing her of that . ''
View photos Photo : Getty Images More
Harington and Leslie , both 30 , confirmed the exciting news that they were engaged with a formal announcement published in The Times of London last month .
The two first sparked romance rumors about five years ago after meeting on the set of the fantasy drama TV series , but seemingly confirmed their relationship last January when they were spotted packing on the PDA during a shopping trip at The Grove in Los Angeles .
Hear more on how their journey came to be in the video below !
Related Gallery
Related Articles
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey 's manager , Stella Bulochnikov , blasted Dick Clark Productions over her client 's botched performance on Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve broadcast earlier this week .
Related : Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande , Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard , Bulochnikov said that Carey 's in-ear monitors were n't working ten minutes before the performance . “ They then changed the battery pack , and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show . We let them know again , and they just kept counting her down and reassuring her that they will work as soon as they go live , which never happened — at which point she pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd . ”
Bulochnikov added , “ After the show , I called [ Dick Clark Productions ' ] Mark Shimmel and I said , ‘ What the f— happened ? ' He said , ‘ Let me call you back , ' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [ monitor ] s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement . I said , ‘ No way . ' I asked him to cut the West Coast feed . He said he could not do that . I asked him why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It 's not artist friendly , especially when the artist cut her vacation short as a New Year 's Eve gift to them . ”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement , saying that the flub was n't their fault . “ In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television , however , an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey 's New Year 's Eve performance . We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry . ”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet , saying “ S— happens . ”
In a meeting with Mr . Moon on Monday , Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , agreed with the South Korean leader that the standoff over North Korea 's nuclear and missile threats should be resolved through diplomacy and sanctions . But the top American general added that the United States was preparing military options in case those efforts failed .
“ The United States military 's priority is to support our government 's efforts to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula through diplomatic and economic pressure , ” General Dunford was quoted as saying in a Korean-language statement released by Mr . Moon 's office after the meeting on Monday . “ We are preparing a military option in case such efforts fail . ”
Photo
On Tuesday , Mr . Moon said that his government would “ do everything it can to prevent war . ”
At the same time , he called for dialogue with North Korea , repeating his long-held belief that sanctions alone can not solve the crisis over North Korea 's nuclear weapons and missile programs . “ The purpose of strong sanctions and pressure against North Korea is to bring it to the negotiating table , not to raise military tensions , ” he said .
The South Korean leader urged North Korea to help create momentum toward dialogue by not conducting any more nuclear or missile tests .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
He also reiterated his proposal to the North that the two Koreas organize reunions of families separated during the 1950-53 Korean War as a first step toward easing tensions and improving ties on the divided Korean Peninsula .
Last week , the North 's military announced that it would complete its plan to launch four ballistic missiles around Guam and then submit it to Mr. Kim , the country 's leader , by “ mid-August ” for approval .
Mr. Kim received the plan on Monday , when he visited the command of the Strategic Force of the Korean People 's Army , the state news media reported on Tuesday . But he said he would wait a bit before telling the military to proceed with the missile launching .
“ He said that the U.S. imperialists caught the noose around their necks due to their reckless military confrontation racket , adding that they would watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees , ” the report said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Tuesday morning Japan time , the country 's prime minister , Shinzo Abe , held a 30-minute call with Mr. Trump about escalating tensions on the Korean Peninsula .
In comments to reporters , Mr. Abe said that the two leaders “ frankly exchanged opinions on the current North Korean situation , ” saying he appreciated Mr. Trump 's “ commitment to the safety of its allies . ”
Mr. Abe said that he and Mr. Trump “ shared the view that the priority is not to let North Korea launch missiles . ”
Arshy Mann is a reporter at Xtra .
Hours after Indira Gandhi , the prime minister of India , was killed by her Sikh bodyguards in 1984 , India 's then-president Zail Singh rushed to the Indian Medical Centre in Delhi where her body lay .
As his vehicle got closer , torch-wielding mobs noticed the turbaned Sikhs in the car . They attacked , throwing stones and trying to break down the windshield .
Singh and his entourage fled , but the Indian head of state almost became one of the first victims of what would become an orgy of bloodshed organized by a government that ostensibly answered to him .
My father , another turbaned Sikh , lived around 15 kilometres away , in a majority-Sikh enclave . In the following days , as thousands upon thousands of innocent men and women were maimed , raped and murdered , he and his neighbours fortified their homes and fought off the mobs . They had power in numbers , and so they were largely spared .
My mother 's side of the family came closer to ruin . Their neighbourhood , Paschim Vihar , was a centre of the violence . My uncle , just a child at time , watched a local gurdwara—a place of Sikh worship—being burned before his family found shelter with a Hindu neighbour .
Gurbakshish Singh , who lived a few blocks away , was not so lucky . He was brutally murdered in front of his own father , Swarna Singh Bhatia , who fled to Canada shortly after the pogrom .
“ I saw the killing , ” Bhatia , breaking down , said 20 years later in an interview with CNN-IBN . “ During all this , the police were present . They crossed my house , but they did n't do anything . Nobody came to our help . ”
Balwant Singh Chattwal and Harbans Kaur Chattwal—a Scarborough couple in their 70s at their time—lost their son , daughter-in-law and three grandchildren all at once , according to a Globe and Mail report from 1984 . Mantu , the youngest grandchild , was 13 .
These types of stories are rarely told in the Canadian press when the issues of the Punjab conflict or Khalistan are being debated . But NDP leader Jagmeet Singh has acknowledged that suffering in a way that makes many Canadian Sikhs feel heard . “ Sadly , the pain and trauma of violence can not be left behind in the country of origin , ” Singh wrote in a Globe and Mail op-ed . “ It was brought with them to Canada , as it affected the victims to their core . ”
His ability to connect that horrific past with the present is a big part of his appeal among many Sikh Canadians , and he has returned to these themes throughout his political career . But while Sikhs killed by the Indian government constitute the majority of victims slaughtered during the brutal years of the insurgency , they were far from the only ones . Many intellectuals , non-orthodox Sikhs , peace activists and journalists were assassinated by militant Sikhs . Bands of militants would pull over buses , remove any Sikh passengers , and then fire indiscriminately at the remaining men , women and children , killing dozens at a time .
And over the last few months , Singh has come under fire for his associations with people who advocate for greater Sikh autonomy in Punjab , for a separate Sikh state—and even some who believe in violence to achieve those ends .
While questions around those associations are legitimate and should be asked , Singh 's stance on Khalistan has been consistent : he thinks it 's up to the residents of Punjab to decide their own fate . And he has never himself endorsed violence . But where Singh falls short is his reluctance to name Sikh perpetrators of violence with the same vigour he utilizes in giving voice to Sikh victims .
For instance , Singh has spoken passionately about the horror of the Air India 182 bombing , where 329 innocent people were blown out of the sky in one of the bloodiest terrorist attacks of the 20th century . But when it comes to the question of blame , he has been less clear .
His initial unwillingness to call out Talwinder Singh Parmar , the founder of a Sikh extremist organization , as the architect of the Air India bombing has now morphed into a lawyerly response : he accepts the findings of the Air India inquiry , which found that Parmar—who was killed by Punjab police in 1992 , and continues to be the subject of conspiracy theories that claim he was in fact an Indian agent—was behind the attack . And when asked whether violence is justified in the name of Sikh liberation , Singh equivocates , stating that these sorts of questions are complex when a religious minority is being systematically murdered by the state .
He 's right—these are complicated issues that ca n't be adequately answered in a sound bite . But if Singh wants to be able to go back to talking about pharmacare and taxes and pipelines , he 's going to have to find a way to articulate the pain of the victims of violence perpetrated by Sikhs—or risk his leadership being overrun by the politics of the 1980s .
In some ways , it 's not fair to put the burden of decades of bloody history upon Singh 's shoulders . It 's not his responsibility to condemn every Sikh who has committed an atrocity in the name of the faith . But along with being the leader of the federal NDP , Singh is also the highest-profile Sikh politician outside of India . That , combined with his history of activism on Sikh issues , means these are not questions he has the privilege of dodging .
When he talks about the violence that Sikhs have had perpetrated against them with such passion , and then becomes elusive and defensive when Khalistani violence is raised , it makes it appear that he only cares about the former .
That might be acceptable for a Sikh activist trying to bring greater attention to some of the atrocities that have been done to Sikhs . But a federal leader who is looking to represent the whole country has to do more .
Many Sikhs , including myself , are thankful that he talks about the painful history so many families have endured . Those stories are too rarely told .
But the trauma of those years extends beyond just the Sikh community . It 's time for Singh to talk about them too .
MORE ABOUT JAGMEET SINGH :
Contrary to what many people believe , the lone star tick does not spread Lyme disease , researchers report .
Contrary to what many people believe , the lone star tick does not spread Lyme disease , researchers report .
Lone star ticks wo n't give you lyme , but can still make you sick
Lone star ticks wo n't give you lyme , but can still make you sick
While the overall smoking rate has plummeted among Americans , some smokers still struggle with the habit , a new report shows .
While the overall smoking rate has plummeted among Americans , some smokers still struggle with the habit , a new report shows .
A goal like having a flat stomach may give you the initial impetus to start exercising , but may not be enough to keep you on track .
A goal like having a flat stomach may give you the initial impetus to start exercising , but may not be enough to keep you on track .
Migraine sufferers might have to worry about more than just dealing with debilitating headaches .
Migraine sufferers might have to worry about more than just dealing with debilitating headaches .
Many U.S. veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars are n't getting needed mental health treatment for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder , depression or substance abuse , a national panel of experts says .
Many U.S. veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars are n't getting needed mental health treatment for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder , depression or substance abuse , a national panel of experts says .
By Dennis Thompson
HealthDay Reporter
( HealthDay News ) -- Migraine sufferers might have to worry about more than just dealing with debilitating headaches .
Migraine patients could also face an increased risk of heart attacks , strokes , blood clots and irregular heart rates , a new study suggests .
The risk to heart health appears to be strongest in the first year after diagnosis of migraine , but persists for as long as two decades , said lead researcher Dr. Kasper Adelborg . He is a postdoctoral fellow of clinical epidemiology at the Aarhus University Hospital in Denmark .
`` Accumulating evidence supports that migraine should be considered as an important risk factor for most cardiovascular diseases in both men and women , '' Adelborg said .
Migraine affects about 15 percent of people , mainly women , and was the second leading cause of years lost to disability in 2016 , according to background information provided by the researchers .
For the study , Adelborg and his colleagues gathered records from patients treated at Danish hospitals and hospital outpatient clinics between 1995 and 2013 . The investigators wound up with just over 51,000 migraine patients and slightly more than 510,300 non-migraine patients matched for comparison .
The findings showed that migraine patients more frequently suffered a host of heart- and blood vessel-related health problems , though a cause-and-effect relationship was n't proven .
According to the researchers , for every 1,000 people :
25 migraine patients had a heart attack , compared with 17 migraine-free people .
45 migraine sufferers had a blood clot-related stroke versus 25 without the headache disorder .
27 migraine patients developed life-threatening blood clots in their veins , compared with 18 people without migraines .
47 people with migraine developed an irregular heartbeat , versus 34 migraine-free people .
Migraine remained linked to these heart problems even after researchers took into account other risk factors , such as excess weight or smoking .
The findings were published online Jan. 31 in the BMJ .
In an editorial that accompanied the study , Dr. Tobias Kurth , an adjunct professor of epidemiology with the Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health , and colleagues wrote : `` We now have plenty of evidence that migraine should be taken seriously as a strong cardiovascular risk marker . ''
Despite these observations , the absolute risk for all heart-related health problems remained low . That was expected , the researchers noted , given that the patients evaluated in this study were relatively young , with an average age of 35 .
That means that an individual 's risk of heart attack or stroke wo n't necessarily increase drastically if they suffer migraines .
However , Adelborg said , in the broad scheme of things , the increased risk from migraines must be taken seriously .
`` Although the absolute risks of cardiovascular diseases were low at the individual level , it translates into a substantial increase in risk at the population level , because migraine is a very common disease , '' he explained .
The researchers can not say with certainty why migraines might pose a potential threat to heart health , but they have some theories .
For example , cerebral arteries sometimes suddenly constrict during a migraine , which could increase stroke risk , Adelborg said . People suffering from a migraine also often lie down for long periods of time , which can make blood clots more likely .
Mayo Clinic cardiologist Dr. Gerald Fletcher suspects migraines and heart problems both have at least one serious risk factor in common .
`` I think probably the common thing is high blood pressure , '' Fletcher said . `` It is related in that respect . ''
Migraine patients who want to reduce their stroke risk should consider taking steps to lower their blood pressure , including exercising regularly and eating a healthy diet , Fletcher suggested .
Doctors could also consider revising migraine treatment guidelines , which now do not recommend use of aspirin or other blood-thinning drugs to help prevent migraines , Adelborg added .
`` Future studies should address whether [ migraine ] patients at particularly high risk of cardiovascular diseases would benefit from anticoagulant treatment , '' Adelborg said .
More information
For more on migraine , stroke and heart disease , visit the American Migraine Foundation .
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
Most of us begin thinking about our heart health in our later years . However , our Daytime Cardiologist , Dr. Shoba , is here to remind us that good heart health begins when we are born . For more , visit this website .
Advertisement
Former Alabama Chief Justice Enters 2018 Governor 's Race
by Rashad Snell
Former Alabama Chief Justice Sue Bell Cobb is running for governor in 2018 .
Cobb made the announcement Wednesday morning . She told The Associated Press in an interview that “ it 's time to have a governor who cares more about people than party . ”
She says people in the state have a yearning for courageous leadership and “ it 's time for honesty in every branch of our government . ”
Cobb , who resigned from the Supreme Court in 2011 , was one of the last Democrats to win statewide election in Alabama .
She says she believes voters will support the “ right Democrat ” for governor and that she has gotten encouragement to run from Republicans .
Cobb says her priorities include job creation , Medicaid and infrastructure development .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
NEW YORK ( AP ) — From `` covfefe '' to Sean Spicer 's press briefings , the Trump administration has provided a steady stream of material for late-night shows .
NBC 's `` Late Night with Seth Meyers '' now devotes up to 12 minutes of airtime three to four days a week with a segment called `` A Closer Look . ''
During these segments , Meyers and his writers take an element of news and do a deep dive . On Monday it was President Donald Trump 's efforts to discredit former FBI Director James Comey while also trying to bolster his own reputation . He asked Cabinet members to give him compliments in an on-air round table .
`` Is there anything creepier than Trump making his staff go around the room and praise him ? Even Kim Jong Il is like , 'Dude , have some self-respect , ' '' joked Meyers in `` A Closer Look '' segment .
Meyers says his interest in current events and politics stems from his childhood .
`` My parents are very much into reading newspapers , watching the news every night , '' he says . `` I grew up in New Hampshire , so presidential politics were on our front door every four years for six months . ''
`` Late Night '' head writer Alex Baze says people are paying attention to politics .
`` You can do your best work when the audience has a lot of information , '' he said . `` When you have to explain the whole story and then make a joke , it really loses steam along the way . ''
Sal Gentile , designated writer for `` A Closer Look , '' says it 's `` a lot of rapid-fire joke writing . ''
`` First you 're processing news and on top of that you 've got to write jokes , '' he says . `` It requires speed and discipline . ''
The `` Closer Look '' segment appears three or four times a week , and `` Late Night '' producer and showrunner Mike Shoemaker says it 's `` the thing that excites us . ''
`` If you asked me a few years ago , 'Do you think you 'll have 12-minute segments that will even go on YouTube much less get a million views by the next day , ' I 'd be very surprised . ... People accept it at every length and sometimes even the longer ones do better , '' he says . `` We learned to let the segment run and figure out the rest . ''
Meyers says there are no rules about `` A Closer Look . ''
`` I think one of the great advantages we have over real journalists who wonderfully have higher standards than we do is , when you 're dealing with an administration that often does n't have a lot of respect for integrity , comedy shows like ours are kind of better suited to call them out , '' he said .
He says the main goal of the segments is to entertain , but it 's cathartic for him as well . `` It 's the best feeling to have a day where there are things in the news that are frustrating to you and stressful , but if you can go out and tell jokes , it is the best feeling . I 'm very lucky . I feel very fortunate to tell jokes now more than ever . ''
___
Online :
http : //www.nbc.com/late-night-with-seth-meyers
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
In its more than 60 years , Musical Theatre West has only once staged the hit 1978 musical “ Evita , ” so it was high time for the Long Beach company to revisit the now-classic show , one of Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice 's most durable and reliable
This lavish production , directed by Larry Carpenter , plays up the show 's “ You Are There , ” newsreel-style feel while enhancing its grand opera format : in tracing the creation of a national heroine and political myth , “ Evita ” is entirely sung , not spoken , with an ear-pleasing score and often witty lyrics .
Starting with her humble origins , Evita 's life story is narrated by Che ( Richard Bermudez ) . As in reality , the title character evolves from comely brunette teen Eva Duarte to stunning goddess Evita Perón : With a platinum blonde coiffure , blindingly white gowns and glistening diamond jewelry , Argentina 's first lady is worshipped by tens of thousands of her compatriots .
Skyrocketing to the top within the political structure of military dictatorship is army colonel Juan Perón ( Davis Gaines ) , his rise paralleling Eva 's . In MTW 's staging , the game of musical chairs typically used to show Perón 's ride to the top is replaced by dance moves , as screen images of army officers are stained with red blood spatter as each rival is killed .
The show 's approach is to both deify and denigrate its subject – the people love Eva and Che rips her . Carpenter , music director David Lamoureux and choreographer Hector Guerrero generate both dramatic excitement and realism through a huge cast with a 30-person ensemble , which creates credible crowd scenes . MTW 's entire cast – leads , supporting players , ensemble – delivers exceptional vocals .
Olivo 's portrayal is less grandly theatrical , more that of telling one person 's life story , the actor aging convincingly from age 15 to age 33 , from fresh young firecracker to sputtering , burned-out Roman candle .
The hitch in her portrayal is that Evita is less ruthless , power-hungry and blindly ambitious than how the character is typically depicted . Olivo soft-pedals Evita 's drive and downplays her duplicity , which makes the humility we see appear honest and genuine , not feigned .
In Olivo 's hands , the creation of the myth that grew up around Evita seems more like the way a self-assured movie star would approach a new role – in this case , as Argentina 's first lady . Her Evita plays that role with flair , style and , to use her own words , unquestionable “ star quality . ”
Not specifically based on Che Guevara , Richard Bermudez 's Che is a waggish yet mild-mannered gadfly , a cynical , harshly critical observer of the Perón regime .
Gaines delivers a charismatic star turn in a role that normally takes a back seat to Evita and Che . His proud , noble Perón is a man of the world , and his rich , deep , stirring baritone vocals enrich even the role 's sometimes mundane musical material , giving sumptuous musical voice to Evita 's champion-in-chief .
Zachary Ford 's Agustín Magaldi , young Eva 's first major conquest , works the girl-heavy nightclub crowds , playing to the adulation of his swooning audiences . Yet as slick an entertainer , Magaldi is oblivious to Eva 's wiles .
As Perón 's Mistress , rudely displaced by Evita , Ashley Marie exquisitely vocalizes “ Another Suitcase in Another Hall , ” the show 's prettiest song , a showcase for the young woman 's vulnerability .
Like Lloyd Webber and Rice 's first major show , “ Jesus Christ Superstar , ” “ Evita ” features a range of musical styles . The score is basically rock , yet features touches of classical and choral music as well as the kind of Latin rhythms found in Argentine music , all given supple , potent voice by pit conductor Lamoureux and his orchestra .
Karen St. Pierre 's meticulously crafted costumes provide a huge boost , adding color and authenticity . The sets , by Musical and Theater Company , primarily rely on a handful of large upstage screens , used by video designer Jonathan Infante to project black-and-white and color archival still photos and film footage of the real Eva Perón , including projections of sepia-tone postcard photos and full-color images of Eva Perón 's face on Argentine banknotes .
It 's an effective way to handle the story 's constantly shifting locales while injecting real-world images that remind us that however Lloyd Webber and Rice interpreted the facts of her life , Evita 's story is true .
00:15 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19 , 5778 , 04/02/18 Shvat 19 , 5778 , 04/02/18 IDF strikes Hamas targets Following Friday night rocket attack , Israel Air Force strikes two Hamas targets in southern Gaza . Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
To eradicate middlemen , a Gujarat farmer who is also a Class 11 dropout , has developed a milk vending machine called milk-ATM . After using the machine for a year , Nilesh Gussar started selling such kind of machines to other farmers in the area . Nilesh has no knowledge about the engineering but had a hobby of modifying machines since childhood .
One of the main cause for the painful situation of farmers in India is the middlemen . Due to them , generally , the marginalised farmers do n't get justified returns for their produce . But to eradicate middlemen , a Gujarat farmer who is also a Class 11 dropout , has come up with an effective idea . 28-year-old Nilesh Gussar from Talala in Gir Somnath district has developed a milk dispensing machine popularly known as milk-ATM . The machine gives milk ATM users three options to dispense milk- biometric fingerprinting , username and password or through a prepaid card .
Along with the easy availability of the milk , the machine is promoting the Digital India Initiative . The very first version of the machine only accepts currency notes of Rs 20 , Rs 50 and Rs 100 denominations to dispense milk through the milk machine . After the unique initiative by the Nilesh , Such kind of ATM machines are getting popular in the farmer community of the local area who do n't want to sell milk to dairies- a kind of middlemen . Through these kinds of machines , farmers can decide the price of milk themselves rather than depending upon the middleman , due to which they get a lesser price .
After using the machine by himself for a year , Nilesh , a farmer from Khirdar village about 7 km from Talala , started selling such kind of machines to other farmers in the area . Since then , he has sold over 30 machines in Gujarat , Maharashtra , Chattisgarh and other parts of the country . “ I wanted to eliminate the middlemen that came between a farmer and the end customer . When I used to sell milk at a nearby dairy I was not getting competitive rates and that is why I developed this machine , ” Gussar a Class 11 dropout told TOI .
Nilesh has no knowledge about the engineering but had a hobby of modifying machines since childhood , which lead him to this great invention . According to the Nilesh , ” Farmers can recover the cost of the machine within a year . That 's is why farmers having more than three buffaloes or cows generally prefer this machine .
An incident in Mount Airy unofficially dubbed “ The Case of the Phantom Polluter ” apparently will go unsolved .
However , a city official says the municipality has recovered from the mysterious introduction of an unknown substance into the city sewer system about a week ago , which is believed to be an isolated event .
Its most-noticeable effect from citizens ' standpoint was a putrid smell that emerged on the evening of April 10 and lingered for a couple of days . Local authorities reported receiving many from citizens concerned about the odor .
The problem subsequently was traced to the Mount Airy Wastewater Treatment Plant off U.S. 52-South , where it was determined that the smell stemmed from an abnormal discharge , or “ slug load , ” of an acidic substance into the sewage system .
This was described as a one-time type of wastewater discharge that was not routine and possibly contained a high concentration of a pollutant or pollutants . The substance involved lowered the pH level at the plant and caused the foul odor , which officials said did not pose any risk to the community .
While Mount Airy public works personnel have been unable to identify the source of the pollutant — despite a systematic check last week of manholes and lines in the collection system feeding the waste-treatment plant — they can report that the problem is history .
“ The odor is gone and our treatment process seems normal , ” Public Works Director Jeff Boyles responded Monday regarding the present status of the situation .
“ The good news is we have been able to treat it ( the pollutant ) at the wastewater-treatment plant and protect the receiving stream . Neither the public nor the environment were in danger during this event . ”
If whoever is responsible for discharging the pollutant is somehow linked to pumping it in at a manhole or releasing it from an industry , that party could face penalties .
“ The person might be subject to enforcement action if we determine the dumping was illegal , but since it has gone away and seems to be a one-time event it will be very difficult to determine the cause , ” the public works director added .
“ We will continue to monitor our system to try to prevent this from happening in the future . ”
By Tom Joyce [ email protected ]
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @ Me_Reporter .
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @ Me_Reporter .
A Chinese company building a key rail link in Malaysia says it has been told to suspend work pending negotiations . It urged the new government elected two months ago to honor the contract .
The suspension Wednesday came a day after the government called for a sharp reduction in cost for the 688 kilometer ( 430 miles ) East Coast Rail Link .
Officials say the project 's actual cost is 81 billion ringgits ( $ 20 billion ) , nearly 50 percent more than estimated by the previous government .
China Communication said Wednesday the suspension could add to costs , losses and damages . It called for a `` win-win situation '' in negotiations and urged the government to `` honor and respect '' the deal .
The project is part of China 's regional `` Belt and Road '' infrastructure initiative .
21:07 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23 , 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23 , 5778 , 11/12/17 Shooting death in Qalansawa A 23-year-old man was critically wounded Monday night by gunfire in the Sharon-area Arab community of Qalansawa . Magen David Adom medics and paramedics who arrived at the scene were forced , together with a local doctor , to pronounce his death . ► ◄ Last Briefs
He was also concerned with the patients ' parents , spending time , for example , to understand the effects that a neurologically damaged child 's condition had on their marriage and finances . And if he could not give them hope , he gave them answers .
“ He told me the worst news in the most loving way , ” Amy Gleicher said in a telephone interview , recalling Dr. Gold 's diagnosis concerning her year-old son , Max , in the 1993 . “ He told me my son was mentally retarded in such a way that I had dignity and my child had value . ”
Dr. Gold continued his humane approach as advances like M.R.I . 's and CT scans revolutionized medicine . But he became distressed in the 1970s and '80s , he said , as he watched students and other doctors become too focused on technology and not enough on the people they were treating .
Photo
“ So one day in 1988 , ” he said in the 2016 interview , “ I was making rounds with the students and residents and a student presented me ‘ the brain tumor in 209 . ' And I said : ‘ The brain tumor ? Is n't there a child involved in this ? Tell me about the child , tell me about the family . Tell me how this is impacting on the family . Do you know any of this ? ' ” They did not , he said .
At home that night , he told his wife of his concerns about where medicine was headed . As he recalled , she told him , “ You know , Arnold , I 'm tired of you griping about medicine . Do something about it or shut up . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They began the Arnold P. Gold Foundation together in Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , in 1988 , hoping to clone Dr. Gold 's humane approach to patient engagement . They started white-coat ceremonies at medical schools in which students pledge the Hippocratic oath in the early days of their education , rather than at graduation , as is common practice . Dr. Gold felt that graduation was too late to set expectations for the clinicians they would become .
“ This should be established at Day 1 , ” he said in the interview .
Arnold Perlman Gold was born in Manhattan on Aug. 8 , 1925 . His father , Michael , a Jewish native of Dublin , and his mother , the former Rebecca Perlman , were lawyers . As a youngster , young Arnold read “ Arrowsmith , ” Sinclair Lewis 's 1925 novel about a doctor 's search for truth .
“ Arnold was very idealistic and wanted to save the world , ” said Dr. Brian Benson , Dr. Gold 's son-in-law , “ and he was very impacted by that book . ”
In 1938 , when Arnold was 13 , his father died , and his mother sent him to live with an aunt in Galveston , Tex. , believing that he might get a better chance at an education there . He attended the University of Texas , Austin , but left to serve stateside in World War II as a Navy corpsman .
He later graduated from the University of Texas , studied for a master 's at the University of Florida in Gainesville , and earned his medical degree from the University of Lausanne in Switzerland .
During his internship at Charity Hospital in New Orleans , Dr. Gold tended to 30 children with polio who were in iron lungs . His mentor there , Dr. Margaret Smith , “ taught me a lot about patient-centered care , and she also led me into the field of pediatrics , ” he said in 2016 .
“ I was originally going to be an internist , an endocrinologist , ” he said .
When he was chief resident at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital , part of his work placed him in Dr. Albert Sabin 's laboratory while Dr. Sabin was developing the oral polio vaccine . While in Cincinnati , Dr. Gold rode horseback for the Frontier Nursing Service to treat people in rural Kentucky .
He returned to New York as visiting chief resident at the Babies Hospital at the NewYork Presbyterian-Columbia University campus ( now Morgan Stanley Children 's Hospital ) before beginning his long career at Columbia in child neurology .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Gold lived with facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy , which affected his muscles later in his life and made it difficult for him to breathe . He treated patients until he was 88 and spoke at last year 's white-coat ceremony at the College of Physicians and Surgeons at Columbia .
Besides his wife , the former Sandra Orenberg , who has a doctorate in counseling , he is survived by two daughters , Amelia Gold and Maggie Gold Seelig ; a stepdaughter , Jennifer Arnold ; a stepson , Stephen Silver ; and 13 grandchildren . His stepson Jeffrey Silver died in 2010 .
Dr. Gold recalled that in creating his foundation , his goal was to change the course of medical education .
“ My colleagues were very distressed , ” he recalled in the 2016 interview . “ They looked at me as sort of , ‘ What 's happening to Arnold ? ' And one of them even said to me , ‘ I think you 're smoking opium , ' and , ‘ How could you ever believe that you can change medicine ? ' People were not very encouraging . ”
But 30 years later , the foundations said , more than 170 medical schools , osteopathic and physicians assistants hold white-coat ceremonies annually . More than 260 nursing schools hold similar gatherings .
The foundation has also inducted 30,000 students , residents and faculty into its Gold Humanism Honor Society to recognize their compassionate patient care . The designation became prestigious enough for medical students to include it in applications for residencies .
Dr. Darrell G. Kirch , the president and chief executive of the Association of American Medical Colleges , said in an email that the honor society “ demonstrates that , increasingly , the medical profession recognizes humanistic attributes such as empathy and compassion as being every bit as important as academic achievement . ”
He added , “ This is just one more element of Dr. Gold 's outstanding legacy . ”
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT & T Goal of the Week nomination process . You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using # ATTGOTW and the player 's name . View all goal clips
Editor 's Choice
The commodities sector has been climbing amid the recent instability of the stock market and rising interest rates .
Investors seeking to profit from the trend may want to buy the iShares Commodities Select Strategy ( NASDAQ : COMT ) exchange-traded fund ( ETF ) , which has been trending up since it dipped to $ 24 a share in January 2016 . The fund , which closed at $ 38.45 on April 23 , 2018 , is one of the top recommendations of Bob Carlson , a seasoned investment pension fund advisor who writes the Retirement Watch investment newsletter .
Carlson expressed optimism about economic growth continuing in the months ahead and he predicted the commodities fund would keep climbing “ until the economy stumbles. ” COMT is up 5.82 percent so far this year through April 20 and 20.63 percent during the past 12 months .
‘ Good Period for Commodities '
“ We 're in the late part of the economic cycle when growth is strong , and inflation is rising , ” Carlson said . “ Historically , that 's a good period for commodities . ”
Commodity prices ascend due to increased demand and fears about inflation , Carlson said . Some of the recent surge was due to an increase in energy prices , which have risen recently along with global growth and demand for commodities , Carlson added .
“ Demand is growing faster than supply , ” Carlson said . “ That 's going to continue for a while because a lot of production capacity was shut down during the 2014-2016 bear market . ”
Rising Demand and Prices for Commodities Is Expected to Continue
It usually takes several years for production to ramp up , so Carlson said he expects no slackening in rising demand and prices for commodities .
Exclusive Cisco Systems Stands out as a Dividend-Paying Technology Stock
Rising inflationary expectations also boost commodity prices , said Carlson , who predicted that trend will continue as long as the global economy is growing . COMT seeks to enhance total return by providing exposure to a broad range of selected futures and commodity producer stocks .
“ I think COMT is one of the better ways for individuals to invest in commodities , ” Carlson recently wrote to his Retirement Watch readers . “ It 's a low-cost exchange-traded fund . Instead of tracking an index , the fund is managed by BlackRock using a proprietary formula that allocates the fund among the commodities included in the S & P Goldman Sachs Commodity Index . The fund does n't try to capture short-term market moves ; it focuses on intermediate- and longer-term trends . ”
COMT Invests in Commodities Stocks and Futures
COMT avoids the need for investors to receive a Schedule K-1 , which complicates preparing tax returns . The fund specifically invests in a combination of commodity futures and stocks of commodity producers .
Lately , the fund has been about 30 % in stocks and 70 % in futures , but it almost always is at least 25 % invested in energy commodities , Carlson said .
In Carlson 's Retirement Spotlight online seminar , he added that the commodities fund stands out from other investments in the sector because it is low cost , very liquid and has been outperforming most , if not all , of the other commodity ETFs in recent periods .
“ COMT is one of the few that does n't simply follow an index , and the commodity indexes have various flaws and shortcomings , ” Carlson said . “
“ Plus , the manager , BlackRock , uses a proprietary trading program to adjust the allocation among different commodities , ” Carlson said . “ It does n't worry about short-term trends . But it seeks to capture intermediate and long-term trends , reducing positions in commodities with poor outlooks over those periods and increasing allocations to commodities with better outlooks . ”
Since commodities and inflation hedges tend to do well in the late stage of an economic cycle , there is further reason to own them now and potentially increase exposure to these positions as the current economic cycle progresses , Carlson wrote in the May 2018 issue of Retirement Watch .
The fund 's five largest current holdings , as of April 20 , are : Monsanto , 3.56 percent ; Deere & Co. , 3.05 percent ; Nutrien Ltd. , 1.95 percent ; Weyerhaeuser Co. , 1.70 percent ; and Archer-Daniels Midland Co. , 1.41 percent . Those five positions combine to account for 11.67 percent of the fund 's holdings .
COMT 's total assets top $ 621.9 million , its yield is an enticing 5.14 percent and its expense ratio is 0.48 percent . Launched October 15 , 2014 , the fund offers liquidity with a healthy average daily trading volume of 111,120 and an equity beta of just 0.53 percent that shows it is significantly less volatile than the stock market . An equity beta of 1.0 would indicate equal volatility to the market , while beta above 1.0 would signal more volatility than the market .
For investors seeking to diversify into holdings that are not heavily correlated with the increasingly volatile stock market , commodities are worth considering . With demand for commodities on the rise along with prices and interest rates , the timing could be especially good to assess whether COMT is a fund worthy of buying as a portfolio hedge in case the market slides again soon .
ANN ARBOR , Mich. — Michigan 's Charles Matthews is removing his name from consideration for the NBA draft .
Matthews announced his decision Wednesday , saying he 's learned a lot through this process . He says he 'll now focus on finishing his education at Michigan and leading his teammates to more success next season . The Wolverines made it to the NCAA title game this year before losing to Villanova .
Michigan already lost big man Moe Wagner , who left early for the draft . Matthews declared for the draft without hiring an agent , but he 's now withdrawing .
The 6-foot-6 Matthews averaged 13 points a game this past season , his first with the Wolverines after transferring from Kentucky and sitting out a season . He has two seasons of college eligibility remaining .
TEMPE , Ariz. — The moving boxes in the Angels ' clubhouse on Monday were proof that spring training is nearly over .
The Angels nearly made it to the end without an injury to one of their key pitchers .
Andrew Heaney has been shut down with what the team described on Monday as inflammation of his left elbow , the result of discomfort he felt in the days following his outing last Thursday .
Heaney underwent an MRI on Sunday and was examined back in Southern California on Monday . The tests and the exam showed no evidence of structural damage , so for now the Angels are cautiously optimistic that this wo n't be serious .
General Manager Billy Eppler would n't even concede that Heaney will have to start the season on the disabled list , even though opening day is next Thursday .
“ There 's no timetable , ” Eppler said . “ As soon as the inflammation subsides – he 's been on anti-inflammatories for a few days – when all the measurements we take point us that he 's good to go , he 's good to go . ”
Manager Mike Scioscia said he hoped this would be just a “ bump in the road ” for Heaney .
Heaney , 26 , last year returned from Tommy John surgery in August , earlier than the team had projected . He struggled in five starts and then was shut down with elbow discomfort in September . The Angels pronounced Heaney well enough to pitch in the final week of the season , but then the Angels got eliminated from postseason contention so he did n't pitch .
This spring , he had started off with a couple impressive outings , as he said that he was finally focusing on pitching and not his health . After his last outing , though , he felt something that required further tests .
If Heaney is out for any of the regular season , that would seem to open the door for Nick Tropeano to break camp in the Angels ' rotation . Tropeano , who completed his rehab from Tommy John surgery last October , just pitched the Angels ' best game of the spring on Sunday . He shut out the Texas Rangers for 5-1/3 innings , striking out nine .
“ Coming into spring we felt we had depth , ” Scioscia said . “ There are still things this week we are going to work through and evaluate . It was good to see Nick throw the ball really well yesterday . That 's for sure . ”
As Reben told Engadget , `` the discourse around such a ( n ) apparatus is more important than its physical presence . '' For this project he chose to use Google Assistant , but said it could have been an Amazon Echo `` or some other input device as well . '' At the same time , the device triggered `` could have been a back massaging chair or an ice cream maker . ''
But Reben chose to arm Assistant with a gun . And given the concerns raised by Google 's Duplex AI since I/O earlier this month , as well as the seemingly never-ending mass shootings in America , his decision is astute .
In this example , Reben was the one who told Assistant to `` activate gun . '' He is still the person responsible for the action . But in a world where machine learning has led to AI that 's smart enough to anticipate our needs and cater to our comfort every day , it 's not hard to imagine a day when digital assistants could kill off people who upset us , if given access to weapons . Who is responsible for the deaths then ?
It 's easy enough to say that we should block AI access to dangerous devices . But we 've already got them in our cars , in the military and in other places we probably have n't even thought about . We can demand companies make sure that their tech can not cause harm , but it 's simply impossible to plan for every eventuality , every possible way that AI might go rogue .
`` Part of the message for me includes the unintended consequences of technology and the futility of considering every use case , '' Reben said . Google might not ever have imagined Assistant being used to shoot a weapon . But all it took for Reben to achieve that was parts laying around his studio . He used a control relay that usually turns on a lamp , linked it to a Google Home speaker , then connected a laundromat change-dispensing solenoid to pull a string that looped around the trigger . `` The setup was very easy , '' Reben said .
He 's no stranger to artwork featuring the abilities of artificial intelligence . Reben has created projects that show what AI hears and sees when exposed to `` The Joy of Painting , '' as well as hiding tiny artworks in URLs . This , however is an even more provocative piece that forces the viewer to imagine what could happen if nefarious programmers made an AI that went rogue . Now , more than ever , we need to have the discussions about how , and if , we can prevent an intelligent machine from killing us all .
( AP Photo/Andy Wong ) . Volkswagen Group Chief Digital Officer Johann Jungwirth sits inside a Volkswagen Sedric , a self-driving concept pod , while introducing the vehicle ahead of the Auto China 2018 at the Volkswagen Future Center Asia office in Beijing ...
By JOE McDONALD
AP Business Writer
BEIJING ( AP ) - Volkswagen and Nissan have unveiled electric cars designed for China at a Beijing auto show that highlights the growing importance of Chinese buyers for a technology seen as a key part of the global industry 's future .
General Motors displayed five all-electric models Wednesday including a concept Buick SUV it says can go 600 kilometers ( 375 miles ) on one charge . Ford and other brands showed off some of the dozens of electric SUVs , sedans and other models they say are planned for China .
Auto China 2018 , the industry 's biggest sales event this year , is overshadowed by mounting trade tensions between Beijing and U.S. President Donald Trump , who has threatened to hike tariffs on Chinese goods including automobiles in a dispute over technology policy .
The impact on automakers should be small , according to industry analysts , because exports amount to only a few thousand vehicles a year . Those include a GM SUV , the Envision , and Volvo Cars sedans made in China for export to the United States .
China accounted for half of last year 's global electric car sales , boosted by subsidies and other prodding from communist leaders who want to make their country a center for the emerging technology .
`` The Chinese market is key for the international auto industry and it is key to our success , '' VW CEO Herbert Diess said on Tuesday .
Volkswagen unveiled the E20X , an SUV that is the first model for SOL , an electric brand launched by the German automaker with a Chinese partner . The E20X , promising a 300-kilometer ( 185-mile ) range on one charge , is aimed at the Chinese market 's bargain-priced tiers , where demand is strongest .
GM , Ford , Daimler AG 's Mercedes unit and other automakers also have announced ventures with local partners to develop models for China that deliver more range at lower prices .
On Wednesday , Nissan Motor Co. presented its Sylphy Zero Emission , which it said can go 338 kilometers ( 210 miles ) on a charge . The Sylphy is based on Nissan 's Leaf , a version of which is available in China but has sold poorly due to its relatively high price .
Automakers say they expect electrics to account for 35 to over 50 percent of their China sales by 2025 .
First-quarter sales of electrics and gasoline-electric hybrids rose 154 percent over a year earlier to 143,000 units , according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers . That compares with sales of just under 200,000 for all of last year in the United States , the No . 2 market .
That trend has been propelled by the ruling Communist Party 's support for the technology . The party is shifting the financial burden to automakers with sales quotas that take effect next year and require them to earn credits by selling electrics or buy them from competitors .
That increases pressure to transform electrics into a mainstream product that competes on price and features .
Automakers also displayed dozens of gasoline-powered models from compact sedans to luxurious SUVs . Their popularity is paying for development of electrics , which are n't expected to become profitable for most producers until sometime in the next decade .
China 's total sales of SUVs , sedans and minivans reached 24.7 million units last year , compared with 17.2 million for the United States .
SUVs are the industry 's cash cow . First-quarter sales rose 11.3 percent over a year earlier to 2.6 million , or almost 45 percent of total auto sales , according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers .
On Wednesday , Ford displayed its Mondeo Energi plug-in hybrid , its first electric model for China , which went on sale in March . Plans call for Ford and its luxury unit , Lincoln , to release 15 new electrified vehicles by 2025 .
GM plans to launch 10 electrics or hybrids in China from through 2020 .
VW is due to launch 15 electrics and hybrids in the next two to three years as part of a 10 billion euro ( $ 12 billion ) development plan announced in November .
Nissan says it will roll out 20 electrified models in China over the next five years .
New but fast-growing Chinese auto trail global rivals in traditional gasoline technology but industry analysts say the top Chinese brands are catching up in electrics , a market with no entrenched leaders .
BYD Auto , the biggest global electric brand by number sold , debuted two hybrid SUVs and an electric concept car .
The company , which manufactures electric buses at a California factory and exports battery-powered taxis to Europe , also displayed nine other hybrid and plug-in electric models .
Chery Automobile Co. showed a lineup that included two electric sedans , an SUV and a hatchback , all promising 250 to 400 kilometers ( 150 to 250 miles ) on a charge . They include futuristic features such as internet-linked navigation and smartphone-style dashboard displays .
`` Our focus is not just an EV that runs . It is excellent performance , '' Chery CEO Chen Anning said in an interview ahead of the show .
Electrics are likely to play a leading role as Chery develops plans announced last year to expand to Western Europe , said Chen . He said the company has yet to decide on a timeline .
Chery was China 's biggest auto exporter last year , selling 108,000 gasoline-powered vehicles abroad , though mostly in developing markets such as Russia and Egypt .
`` We do have a clear intention to bring an EV product as one of our initial offerings '' in Europe , Chen said .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Every match on this week 's Niagara 5-Pin Mixed Pro League card was a close one , with three of the four being decided by exactly 56 pins .
Rob Macdonald sparked the Scorecard Harry 's Half Pints in the closest match , which was decided by only 24 pins .
Macdonald 's fantastic effort , a lane-scorching 889 ( 274 , 317 , 298 ) paced the Half Pints in their 2-1 decision over the Crossfire Wrestling Piledrivers . Will Morrison provided backup for the winners with a solid 737 ( 316 , 238 ) .
The Piledrivers replied with Brian McFarlane 's stellar 828 ( 274 , 263 , 291 ) , Chantal Papineau 's 687 ( 236 , 270 ) while Mike Owen was close behind with 681 ( 231 , 228 ) .
Elsewhere , the Wine Place Whiners blanked the Lakeside Electrical Lightning 3-0 on the strength of Sara Kennedy 's fine 717 ( 213 , 271 , 233 ) and Marc Papineau , who was a model of consistency as he rolled 657 ( 221 , 219 , 217 ) .
The Lightning struck back with Tyler Wendel 's 693 ( 249 , 240 ) and Norm Stup , who was right behind with 690 ( 281 , 207 ) .
The Oh Canada Eh Dinner Show Town Criers took two of three from the league leading Reggie 's Renovations Inc. Hammerheads .
The Town Criers ' assault was led by Chris Disher 's 757 ( 240 , 254 , 263 ) , while P.J . Cole checked in with 725 ( 250 , 279 ) and Tim Dixon followed closely with 722 ( 259 , 238 ) .
The Hammerheads fought back with Wilma Vanderzwaag 's 710 ( 213 , 225 , 272 ) , while Frank Newman was right behind with 706 ( 249 , 255 ) .
In the evening 's final match the Dale Mellway Life Insurance Magic edged the Oh Canada Eh Dinner Show Canucks 2-1 .
Adam Eckhardt paced the winners with a steady 718 ( 250 , 274 ) , while Dave Pendllebury contributed 705 ( 248 , 255 ) and son Jason Pendlebury carded 679 ( 257 , 243 ) .
The Canucks answered with Rob Fisher 's consistent 677 ( 226 , 224 , 227 ) and Shawn Pellizari 's 654 ( 278 , 228 ) .
Fitness trainer Katie Bulmer-Cooke and actress Rosie Ramsey have shared their thoughts on motherhood , business and fame in an online interview .
The women reveal their answers to a series of quick-fire questions - including their choice of fame or fortune - as well as discussing more in-depth topics like self-confidence , plastic surgery and being a parent and role model .
Rosie , who is married to South Shields comedian Chris Ramsey , also shares her memories of working in Minchella 's as a teenager , her experiences of singing on stage with Ed Sheeran at the Customs House and how her life has changed since the birth of toddler son Robin .
Related content : Katie Bulmer-Cooke - you only get one body , take care of it !
So be prepared to laugh out loud and laugh along as the women talk through life 's pitfalls and reveal all to the listeners .
Check out our first Katie Cast recording above , and share your views with Katie on Twitter @ KatieBulmer1 .
Katie Bulmer-Cooke interviews Rosie Ramsey ,
Interest Successfully Added
We 'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest ?
CBU students ' behaviour repulsive – Bowman
Copperbelt Province Minister Bowman Lusambo has lumped blame for the happenings at the Copperbelt University on the students .
Lusambo known for his controversial stance on issues says he finds the behavior of the students very repulsive especially that as intellectuals , society expects them to apply themselves in a more acceptable fashion than resorting to street demonstrations .
And Lusambo has defended the savage beatings police handed to students in the early hours of December 9 that landed several students in hospital , saying the students provoked the police .
In a statement , Lusambo said students should learn to engage on a round table instead of throwing stones .
“ The situation at the Copperbelt University over the weekend which resulted in a fracas between police and a section of students is unfortunate .
“ As Provincial Minister , I am of a firm belief that the situation could have been avoided through dialogue and round table engagement .
“ It is imperative for all the parties most significantly the student population to adopt a less provocative and confrontational manner when airing out their concerns .
“ I find the behavior of the students very disturbing especially that as intellectuals , society expects them to apply themselves in a more acceptable fashion than resorting to street demonstrations , ” he said .
He said the students should have gone to his house and discussed the challenges like they have done in the past .
“ Over the last one year as Minister in charge of the Province , I have openly engaged the student leadership on a number of issues and such engagements have always produced healthy results .
“ The student leadership knows my house , they have my phone number and they have been to my office several times and we have used effective methods of engagement to resolve issues affecting the student populace .
“ Not too long ago , my office effectively intervened when the majority of students faced the prospect of missing out on end of term exams due to failure to settle tuition fees . ”
He also expressed shock that students threatened public peace adding that government will not tolerate riotous behaviour from the students .
“ It is therefore baffling that students this time around opted to run into the streets in the thick of the night and in the process threatened public peace , order and property .
“ I wish to strongly place it on record that Government shall not tolerate irresponsible and riotous behavior by students . The method of stone throwing by students may have worked effectively in the 70s but it has no place in our modern day society . As a former University student myself , I believe that the best approach is a roundtable discussion with all the parties involved . ”
He also defended police brutality
“ As much as the strong handedness by some officers from our law enforcement agencies may not be appropriate , it is always important to remind the students not to provoke the situation . Our law enforcement officers are professionally trained to handle various situations in order to protect public order and peace and will always apply maximum restraint when dealing with defenseless individuals but I know that they will not watch a volatile security situation to degenerate .
“ It is important that all stakeholders including parents and guardians provide effectively counseling to the students and make them understand that they are expected to be in campus at all times and not rush to the roadside for whatever reasons , ” he said .
He also reminded students that they are on campus because of tax payers hence should not expect public sympathy when they misbehave .
“ The students should also be reminded that the majority are at campus at the expense of the tax payer and it is disingenuous to expect public sympathy from the same people that are paying for their stay at campus whose property and peace they are threatening wantonly . ”
The family received friends Tuesday , July 6 from 7-8:30 p.m. at Finch & Finch Funeral and Cremation Service in Altavista , Va. and other times at the residence .
Pearlie Taylor Bolling , 87 , of 794 Bedford Hwy . in Lynch Station , Va. , died Saturday , July 1 , 2017 at Lynchburg General Hospital . She was the wife of the late Esker Clanton Bolling .
She was born Feb. 14 , 1930 in Cookeville , a daughter of the late Bose Winston Taylor and Ila Masters Taylor . She was an active member of Lynch Station Baptist Church and a retired employee of BGF Industries . Pearlie loved going to church , reading her Bible and was known for her positive attitude .
She is survived by a daughter , Rhonda DeVercelly , and her husband , David , of Lynch Station , Va. ; a brother , Harry Taylor , of Lebanon ; two sisters , Ruby Atkinson , of Hurt , Kathy Snead , of Hartsville ; and a number of nieces and nephews .
She was preceded in death by a sister , Daisy Wauford ; two brothers , Robert and Rogers Taylor ; a sister-in-law , Pauline Bolling Martin ; and four brothers-in-law , Odell , Russell , Ray and Onex Bolling .
The family suggests that those wishing to make memorials consider Lynch Station Baptist Church at 779 Powell Road , Lynch Station , VA 24571 .
Please visit the online tribute at finchandfinchfuneralservice.com to share a memory or send a condolence to the family .
Southampton 's Steven Davis , left , and Swansea City 's Tom Carroll battle for the ball during the English Premier League soccer match at St Mary 's Stadium , Southampton , England , Saturday , Aug. 12 , 2017 . ( Paul Harding ( /PA via AP )
LONDON ( AP ) — Southampton is the latest English soccer team to fall under Chinese ownership .
Jisheng Gao , chairman of Chinese sports investment company Lander , has bought an 80 percent stake in Southampton with daughter , Nelly Gao , for 210 million pounds ( $ 272 million ) , a person familiar with the deal told The Associated Press on Monday .
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because details of the transaction are confidential . Southampton only announced that the Gao family has concluded talks to become a `` partner '' in the Premier League club , which has been owned by the Liebherr family from Switzerland since 2009 .
`` Together , we have the passion and motivation to build on Southampton 's excellent progress in recent years as we look forward to an exciting next chapter for the club , '' Jisheng Gao , who is involved in leadership positions across soccer in China , said in a statement .
Lander Sports Development , the company chaired by Gao , was not mentioned in the statement . Ralph Krueger , a former ice hockey player and coach , is set to remain as chairman of Southampton .
`` For now it is business as usual at Southampton Football Club and we must allow everyone at the club to focus on the first few weeks of the new season , '' said Katharina Liebherr , who inherited ownership of the south-coast club in 2010 after the death of her father , Markus .
`` I would like to thank the passionate supporters of the club for their ongoing loyalty and faith , and I look forward to seeing you soon at St Mary 's . ''
Southampton , which opened the Premier League season by drawing 0-0 with Swansea on Saturday , has won plaudits across English soccer for its ability to bring through young talent . It reached its first major final in 38 years last season when it was denied the League Cup in a narrow loss to Manchester United .
Southampton is the fifth club in England 's top two divisions to be owned by Chinese investors , joining West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League , and Aston Villa , Birmingham and Wolverhampton Wanderers in the League Championship .
___
More AP Premier League coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
EMBED > More News Videos This edition of Beyond the Headlines focuses on a long standing organization called the Professional BusinessWomen of California , or PBWC .
Jane Fonda , Lily Tomlin , Ashley Judd and Maria Shriver will be among the speakers and panelists gathering in San Francisco today for a conference that will empower women.The 29th Annual Professional BusinessWomen of California Conference is taking place at Moscone Center , and ABC7 is again a proud sponsor.Ashley Judd is one dynamic woman who will bring her passion to the conference . She will appear on a panel focusing on the Me Too and Times Up movements.Bay Area Congresswoman Jackie Speier appeared with ABC7 's Cheryl Jennings and talked about the conference and how this Me Too discussion is timely and important.This year 's theme is `` Stand Up , Lift Up '' and Judd will be part of a panel focusing on the Me Too and Time 's Up movements , along with Bay Area congresswoman Jackie Speier.Speier founded the group in 1989 . She recently appeared on ABC7 's `` Beyond the Headlines with Cheryl Jennings '' and said this discussion is timely and important . `` We are truly changing the culture at work for all time so that our daughters and granddaughters are never going to have to deal with frankly what we had to deal with , '' Speier said.The key is to take the energy and lessons and connections from today out into the business world tomorrow and beyond.This organization is doing that , throughout the year it hosts workshops and fosters mentorships to empower women in their work lives.Members of the ABC7 News team will lead panels designed to help women gain career confidence , media skills and more.But PBWC goes well beyond this one-day conference.Throughout the year , the organization works with its corporate partners to offer workshops , socials and mentorships - all designed to empower women in the workplace and in their lives .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The latest on developments in financial markets ( All times local ) :
9:35 a.m .
Health care stocks are leading U.S. indexes broadly lower in early trading following news of a big new venture in the health care business .
Prescription drugmakers , drug distributors and health insurers posted big losses early Tuesday on fears of stiff competition from a new venture announced by JPMorgan Chase , Amazon and Berkshire Hathaway .
Express Scripts plunged 9 percent and UnitedHealth Group sank 4.4 percent .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index fell 19 points , or 0.7 percent , to 2,853 .
The Dow Jones industrial average slid 226 points , or 0.7 percent , to 26,214 . The Nasdaq composite lost 58 points , or 0.8 percent , to 7,407 .
Bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.71 percent .
Happy 1 yr birthday ! ! Remember # Valentine , the colt @ FremontFire rescued from ravine when he was days old ? New VIDEO shows he 's so big now ! pic.twitter.com/PI5momcvx9 — Kristen Sze ( @ abc7kristensze ) February 14 , 2017
It was a year ago when the Bay Area fell in love with a baby horse that had to be rescued from the bottom of an East Bay ravine . There 's now new video of Valentine , the colt that stole our hearts.Valentine , only days old at the time , was stranded in a ravine , alone an injured.Fremont firefighters rescued him and named him Valentine , since he was found on Valentine 's Day.It was touch and go for a while , with a broken pelvis one misstep could have killed the colt.But now Valentine appears graceful and strong in new video posted by Cindy Bailey , the breeder who adopted him.They live in Orland , 100 miles north of Sacramento.Bailey said Valentine wo n't be used for breeding . Instead , he 'll be trained as a trail horse.Despite his early injuries , Valentine does n't even have a limo , just a gait that 's the tiniest bit off.This is great news for his many fans , who went as far as launching a petition drive for the city of Fremont to change its mascot to Valentine.That did not happen , but Valentine did make a remarkable recovery compared to a year ago , when he was barely able to move.It 's a big difference !
The New England Holocaust Memorial in Boston was vandalized on Monday , for the second time in two months .
According to the Boston Herald , police arrested a suspect in the vandalism . They said the suspected smashed a glass panel on the memorial .
Residents of LBO land treated their tastebuds to 101 different ciders and perries , as the annual Black Lion cider festival was a roaring success .
The Leighton Buzzard High Street pub had alcohol from across the country , some from Virtual Orchard , MK , and some from as far as Scotland ! Nikki Brodin , of The Black Lion , said : “ We have so much support with our festivals and we are known to go all out , with crazy flavours like banoffee and names like ‘ Dark Cider the Moon ' . ”
Look out for their beer festival , Leighton at War , with 70 beers , from August 24-28 .
Senator Cynthia Villar quashed fears on Thursday that she would be proposing a ban on the serving of unlimited rice or unli-rice in restaurants and food outlets .
“ I am not planning to make a law banning ‘ unli-rice . ' Not at all , ” Senator Cynthia Villar said in a statement .
Villar issued the statement amid reports that she wanted to ban unli rice .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I just voiced out my concern that eating too much rice is one of the main causes of high blood sugar that leads to diabetes , ” the senator said .
“ I can not prevent people from eating unlimited amount of rice . It is their choice . It was just a genuine expression of concern on my part , ” she added .
The unli-rice issue came up during Wednesday 's hearing of the Senate committee on agriculture and food , which Villar chairs .
“ Unlimited rice is bad for the health . We should learn how to eat more vegetables , ” the senator said during the hearing .
READ : Unli-rice is unhealthy , says Villar
In Thursday 's statement , Villar recognized that it would be difficult to stop Filipinos from eating rice “ as the Philippines is a nation or rice eaters . ”
“ But to decrease health risks , cutting down on rice is still a good idea , ” she said .
The senator cited a study , which showed that eating one plate of white rice everyday increases the risk of developing diabetes by 11 percent . Health experts , she said , also recommend adding 20 % of brown rice to the daily white rice consumption as it can reduce the risk of diabetes by around 16 % .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Rice causes an increase in the level of sugar in the blood , which makes pancreas produce more insulin and cause frequent spikes in blood sugar level leading to diabetes . When not managed , diabetes may cause organ malfunction leading to death , ” Villar said .
The senator earlier urged concerned government agencies such as the Department of Agriculture , Department of Social Welfare and Development , and the Department of Health ( DoH ) to align their programs in order to promote better nutrition and health among the young Filipinos .
“ I have recommended to the government departments and they are doing it in some areas already to incorporate vegetable gardening in schools in the feeding program , for instance . They can also source the ingredients locally , particularly the perishable produce , to help the small farmers and cooperatives , ” she said . CBB/rga
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre has been diagnosed with high-grade metastatic cancer . Metastatic cancer is caused when the cancer cells spread to the other parts of the body from the primary spot where they were formed . It slowly starts to spread in the entire body and forms tumours in other parts of the body as well which are called metastatic tumours .
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre , who ruled the 90s with films like Diljale , Aag , Duplicate , Keemat – They Are Back , Zakhm , Hum Saath Saath Hain , among many others has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer . The actor took to her Instagram and Twitter account on Wednesday morning to share a heartfelt note with her fans and friends talking about her battle with cancer . She also revealed that her cancer is metastatic and she is undergoing treatment for the same in New York , US . Soon after her heartfelt note surfaced on social media , her fans from across the globe started wishing her a speedy recovery .
Earlier in March , Bollywood actor Irrfan Khan revealed that he has been diagnosed with a rare disease and he will fight the battle . He is currently in London where he is undergoing treatment for a neuroendocrine tumour . We wish both Sonali and Irrfan a speedy recovery as they are both battling cancer and we hope to see them fight and come back much stronger .
Sonali revealed that her cancer is metastatic and she will fight back . Here are all details about Metastatic cancer :
Metastatic cancer is caused when the cancer cells spread to the other parts of the body from the primary spot where they were formed . It slowly starts to spread in the entire body and forms tumours in other parts of the body as well which are called metastatic tumours . Both primary , and metastatic cancer , is the same but it often occurs in the fourth stage of cancer , according to cancer.gov . When the cancer is strong enough to spread in other parts of the body , it is called Metastasis stage of cancer .
The example of metastatic cancer is when breast cancer starts spreading to lungs and other parts of the body , it will then be named metastatic breast cancer .
For all the latest Entertainment News , download NewsX App
Read More
The following information from the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries :
The Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries announced the commercial fishing season for Non-Sandbar Large Coastal Sharks will open in Louisiana waters at 12:01 a.m. on January 1 , 2018 . Federal waters will also open in the Gulf of Mexico at this time .
The commercial and recreational season for the harvest of all sharks in Louisiana state waters will be closed from 12:01 a.m. on April 1 , 2018 , until 12:01 p.m. on July 1 , 2018 , per an existing fixed seasonal closure to protect shark pupping . The commercial season will remain open in Federal waters until 80 percent of the federal quota for a given fishery has been harvested or is projected to be harvested in the Gulf of Mexico .
During the open season , commercial harvest of Non-Sandbar Large Coastal Sharks and Pelagic Sharks are regulated by the existing federal and state rules regarding trip limits , allowable species , and requirements for permits and landings as laid out in federal and state regulations .
The Non-Sandbar Large Coastal Shark group is composed of the great hammerhead , scalloped hammerhead , smooth hammerhead , nurse shark , blacktip shark , bull shark , lemon shark , silky shark , spinner shark , and tiger shark . While sandbar shark are a member of the Large Coastal Shark group , only specifically designated federally permitted vessels may take sandbar shark while operating under conditions of that research permit .
Commercial fishing for Small Coastal Sharks will also resume in Louisiana waters on January 1 through December 31 , 2018 , or until 80 percent of the federal quota has been met . The commercial Small Coastal Shark fishery consists of bonnethead shark , Atlantic sharpnose shark , blacknose shark and finetooth shark . Blacknose sharks , though part of the Small Coastal Shark group , are managed under a separate quota that is linked to the overall Small Coastal Shark quota . The Small Coastal Group fishery remained open for all of 2017 .
There is no allowable harvest at any time for all Prohibited Species , which include basking shark , white shark , bigeye sand tiger , sand tiger , whale shark , smalltooth sawfish , largetooth sawfish , Atlantic angel shark , Caribbean sharpnose shark , smalltail shark , bignose shark , Caribbean reef shark , dusky shark , Galapagos shark , narrowtooth shark , night shark , bigeye sixgill shark , bigeye thresher shark , longfin mako , sevengill shark and sixgill shark .
For more information , contact Jason Adriance at ( 504 ) 284-2032 or jadriance @ wlf.louisiana.gov .
As America confronts the opioid crisis , environmental scientists are warning about a related problem . Chemicals from pain-killers and other drugs often end up in lakes and rivers , creating what some scientists say could be a deadly cocktail for fish and other wildlife .
Environmental impacts of dumping medicine
“ What we use in our everyday lives goes down the drain and ends up somewhere , '' says Emma Rosi , an aquatic ecosystem ecologist at the Cary Institute in New York .
The effect of used and unused drugs
Rosi 's team studies a long trail of chemicals from opioids , antidepressants and even illicit drugs , such as cocaine . They get into the environment through human urine and feces . Sometimes unused medications are flushed down toilets and drains .
The compounds eventually reach streams , lakes and rivers .
`` Anything that people are using in their everyday lives , '' Rosi says . `` So when we think about the opioid crisis , which has a huge impact on people 's lives , there 's another side of it : Those drugs ... are ending up in the waste stream and getting out into the environment as well , with unknown ecological consequences . ''
It 's a problem across the Great Lakes region . Researchers have found nicotine in Lake Michigan , caffeine in waters in northwest Ohio and pharmaceuticals in Illinois ' Calumet River and Wisconsin 's Fox River .
Unhappy fish
People ask me , 'Are they happy ? It 's like , 'No . ' I do n't think antidepressants make people happy either .
In the Niagara River , which leads to Niagara Falls , elevated levels of antidepressants were found in fish brains . Researcher Alicia Perez-Fuentetaja from SUNY and Buffalo State College 's Great Lakes Center and Diana Aga from the University at Buffalo worked on the project .
Perez-Fuentetaja says these chemicals are designed to affect human behavior and that means fish could be affected as well .
`` People ask me , 'Are they happy ? ' It 's like , no . I do n't think antidepressants make people happy either . I think that people do n't care so much about things and that 's exactly what happens to fish , '' she says .
Perez-Fuentetaja says fish might become less aware of the risks around them and expose themselves to dangers . They also might become disinterested in reproduction or eating .
​The impact on aquatic insects
Rosi 's research has a different aim . It shows that compounds from amphetamines and other biologically active drugs may cause aquatic insects to emerge sooner , giving them an extended life cycle .
Keeping these compounds out of the environment has become a priority for some communities .
In the Buffalo area , for example , there are dozens of drop off sites for unused drugs . They 're taken to a central facility where machines grab large barrels of discarded drugs to be burned and used for energy
Erie Co. Health Commissioner Gale Burstein says this process helps keep Lake Erie and other waters clean .
“ So this is trying to be as green as possible and to help prevent these drugs from getting into our water system and into our soil , '' she says . `` Our water treatment plants , their filtration systems , can not rid us of all the pharmaceuticals that are flushed down the drains or flushed down the toilets . ”
Burstein says these drop off sites allow anyone to help keep drugs out of the Great Lakes ecosystem .
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS ( AP ) - Texas Gov . Greg Abbott on Wednesday called for schools to have more armed personnel and said they should put greater focus on spotting student mental health problems but he proposed only a few small restrictions on guns following a shooting at a high school near Houston that left 10 people dead .
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report following three days of mostly closed-door meetings last week organized with school district officials , shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate , among others .
The recommendations are voluntary and some would require changes to state laws that would need approval from the Legislature , which does n't come back into session until 2019 . School districts wishing to make some of the changes could begin doing so , such as sending staff for free gun training this summer .
The lack of major gun control measures is not surprising in a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns .
The only significant gun-related proposal was a possible `` red flag '' law , although Abbott gave it a tepid endorsement , asking leaders of the Legislature to `` consider the merits . '' Eight states have red flag laws that allow family , law enforcement and others to file a petition to remove firearms from a potentially dangerous person . Florida , Vermont and Maryland passed such laws after the mass school shooting in Florida in February .
Abbott 's report does not appear to depart much from the playbook of the powerful National Rifle Association following school shootings .
Alice Tripp , legislative director for the NRA-affiliated Texas State Rifle Association said Abbott 's proposals would n't lead to weapons being seized without some protections for gun owners . `` Gov . Abbott has pledged due process . He 's a gun owner himself , '' Tripp said .
Abbott is proposing a change to the state law that says guns ca n't be accessible to children under 17 , with exceptions such as hunting or parent supervision . He 's encouraging the Legislature to consider making the law also apply to 17-year-olds . Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student , Dimitrios Pagourtzis , with capital murder in the May 18 attack at Santa Fe High School . Pagourtzis is accused of using a shotgun and .38 revolver that belonged to his father .
Abbott also wants a new law that would require gun owners to report a lost or stolen firearm within 10 days .
The report says the state will have access to nearly $ 70 million through federal funding and state grants for the proposals . The state also expects to compete for an additional $ 40 million from federal programs , and Abbott says he 'll ask state lawmakers for a further $ 30 million .
`` We all share a common bond : And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School , '' Abbott , who is campaigning for re-election , said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters .
Abbott 's Democratic opponent for governor , Lupe Valdez , said it 's `` astounding '' how few of the proposals directly address gun violence .
So far , the governor has not been enthusiastic about calls for a special legislative session on gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people . Florida lawmakers , who were already in session , passed a gun-control package three weeks later , thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack .
In Texas , any attempts to create a mechanism to seize weapons is likely to be met with skepticism in a Republican-controlled Legislature that has expanded the rights of gun owners in recent years and made it easier and cheaper to be licensed to carry a handgun .
Also unlike the students in Florida , several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control , including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week .
Kris Brown , the co-president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , said : `` The answer to preventing school shootings is n't some deep-seated secret . It 's guns . It 's the fact that it 's frighteningly easy for dangerous people to get access to a gun , and this proposal does little to stop that . ''
Texas State Teachers Association President Noel Candelaria said he `` strongly objects '' to arming more teachers . `` Teachers are trained to teach and to nuture , not double up as security guards , '' Candelaria said .
Abbott 's recommendations include measures to `` harden '' campuses such as creating vestibules where doors must by remotely unlocked before visitors enter , installing metal detectors and having an alarm that would signal there 's an active shooter .
Abbott is also recommending an expansion of a program that identifies students at risk of committing violence and provides help for them . He also wants to increase the number of people trained to identify signs of mental illness and increase awareness of a state system that allows people to report people who may be a threat and suspicious activity .
__
Associated Press reporter Jim Vertuno contributed to this report from Austin .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
President Donald Trump spoke out forcefully Monday on the weekend violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , denouncing “ the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ”
Trump 's statement came two days after his initial response Saturday was widely criticized , particularly over his referring to `` hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides '' and his not specifically calling out the white supremacist and white nationalist groups who organized a rally in Charlottesville that day .
Several others in the Trump administration have strongly condemned the violence in Charlottesville since Saturday .
Here is a rundown of what the president has said since the violence broke out Saturday morning between white nationalists gathering for a “ Unite the Right ” rally and counterprotesters .
MADRID ( AP ) — Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is urging the Catalan parliament not to press ahead with the candidacy of fugitive leader Carles Puigdemont for regional president and instead to opt for a lawmaker free of legal proceedings .
Speaking Tuesday on Spanish National Television hours before the parliament is scheduled to hold an investiture vote for Puigdemont , Rajoy said the parliament speaker will face legal consequences if he disobeys a Constitutional Court order saying Puigdemont can only be voted on if he is physically present and has previously obtained court permission .
Puigdemont faces arrest if he returns to Spain .
Rajoy said the `` most sensible '' thing for the parliament speaker would be to propose a `` clean candidate '' who is willing to obey the law and work for the return of normality in Catalonia .
( Video Screenshot Image )
On December 27 , 2016 , at the age of 86 , Thomas Sowell published his last column .
After publishing dozens of books and hundreds of columns , Dr. Sowell 's retirement may mark the beginning of the end of an era of black intellectuals who were champions of political and economic liberty . Other black scholars like Walter Williams , W.B . Allen and Shelby Steele are all in their 70s or 80s , and there does not seem to be a cadre of like-minded black scholars in their wake .
While in Atlanta for Christmas , I stumbled upon a June 1994 issue of National Minority Politics magazine at my parent 's home . The magazine began as a newsletter in the 1980s and eventually became a monthly periodical that was renamed Headway before publication ceased in 1999 . Willie and Gwen Richardson published Headway to feature leading black and Hispanic conservative voices like Thomas Sowell , Walter Williams , Raoul Contreas , Roger Hernandez , Linda Chavez , Kay Cole James , Deroy Murdock and others .
The magazine hosted leadership conferences that created conversations between minority conservatives and politicians like William Bennett , Kay Bailey Hutchinson , Phil Gramm and Gary Franks . Many of Headway 's events were captured on C-SPAN in the mid-1990s .
The political philosophy of Headway included the following :
Strong families : The foundation of any stable society is–first and foremost–strong families in every community . We should stress to our youth the importance of marriage and keeping families together . Individual responsibility : Almost every human being is endowed with the necessary means to be successful–a sound mind and the ability to think , reason and make choices . These natural gifts are accompanied with the equal obligation to take responsibility for one 's actions . Free enterprise : Our nation has been the most successful on earth in fostering and promoting a free enterprise system with opportunity for all . Strengthening this system is our best hope for a thriving economy in the future . Less government : The size and influence of government at all levels must be minimized in order to guarantee a free society . Government should play a role in performing certain functions , like maintaining a strong defense , but we should not expect government to solve all our problems . Strong Defense : Although it is not America 's role to be the world 's policeman , there are sometimes threats to American lives and interests which we can not tolerate . Community-based problem-solving . Rather than looking to the federal government to solve local problems such as crime and education , we can and should develop solutions in our local communities . Good taste and common sense in popular culture : The level of violence , promiscuous sex and immoral behavior on television , in movies and in music lyrics should be reduced as it has adverse effects on society , especially our children . Compassionate conservatism : While stressing the importance of free enterprise and less government , we must recognize our responsibility as a society to help those who help themselves or who are unable to help themselves through no fault of their own .
What 's missing from this list is an issue that became a defining position of the conservative coalition in the mid-1990s : abortion . With the rise of Newt Gingrich as the 50th Speaker of the House of Representatives and the passing of the Partial-Birth Abortion Act of 1995 , abortion became a centerpiece of American conservatism beyond the concerns of economics and public policy .
advertisement
Before that , abortion had not been a centerpiece of black conservatism because many black conservatives were more aligned with classical liberal political philosophy and Austrian economics , like Sowell and Williams , rather than religious-right conservatism .
The inclusion of pro-life politics into political and economic conservatism inadvertently took the wind out of the sails of many conservative African American scholars who were more concerned with issues of political and economic liberty . For example , black conservatives like Condolezza Rice , Thomas Sowell , Walter Williams , Shelby Steele , John McWhorter , Kiron Skinner and the like , have never made abortion a key issue .
Sadly , it seems that with the retirement of Thomas Sowell , and the inevitable retirement of scholars like Walter Williams , Shelby Steele , black scholars , as champions of political and economic liberty , will continue to fade away if abortion remains the litmus test for identifying one 's allegiance to conservatism . This is the end of an era . Black conservatism was its most winsome and popular when it primarily addressed issues other than abortion .
Finally , we 're left with the question of whether or not there will ever again be a coalition of black and Hispanic scholars who have the political philosophy like the one outlined at Headway magazine ? Or , is the best yet to come ?
Anthony Bradley is Associate Professor of Theology and Ethics in the Public Service Program at The King 's College in New York City and serves as a Research Fellow at the Acton Institute .
This article was originally published at Acton.org . Used with permission .
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit . 1 ) Get to know the Holy Spirit . 2 ) Learn to enter God 's presence 3 ) Hear God 's voice clearly ! Go deeper !
Has God called you to be a leader ? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to . Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book .
-
See an error in this article ? This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Former parliamentary election candidate , Julian Critchley , has been elected chair of the Isle of Wight Labour Party .
Last week 's AGM saw a number of new members elected to help with the running of the party .
Mr Critchley said ,
“ I think what we saw is the changing of the guard . “ The Island Labour Party had some pretty tough years and there was a hardcore group who kept it going all that time . “ I have got an immense amount of admiration for the people who kept it going . ”
Doubling number of IW branches
Over the last year , Labour has doubled the number of local branches on the Island .
He said ,
“ It 's crazy that we did n't have a branch in Newport in particular . It 's the county town . ”
Labour 's best result since 1959
Isle of Wight Conservative MP , Bob Seely won an overwhelming majority at the previous election , however , Mr Critchley said Island Labour had not given up .
He said ,
“ We had suffered from the tactical vote in the past — people who thought voting for Labour would be a wasted vote . But after the last election , where we had our best result since 1959 , that 's clearly no longer the case . ”
Engaging people in local politics
One of his plans for the year involves getting more people involved in local politics , ahead of the next council election in 2021 .
He said :
“ A Labour council would look very different . “ A Labour council would put the Island first — at the end of the day we are responsible for the most vulnerable people and the Conservatives do n't seem to see it that way . ”
Other appointments
Others elected include :
Labor group Kilusang Mayo Uno ( KMU ) on Tuesday said the “ worsening ” conditions of Filipino workers under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte , particularly the persistence of the oppressive practice of contractualization , would take center stage in the upcoming Labor Day protests on May 1 .
In a forum in Quezon City , KMU secretary general Jerome Adonis lamented that 24.4 million Filipinos or about 64 percent of the labor force were hired under various contractual employment schemes , as national wages “ remain below living standards . ”
“ Workers are worse off after almost a year under the Duterte administration 's continued implementation of anti-worker neoliberal economic policies . On the first Labor Day under Duterte , workers will take him to task for his failed promises and will push for our demands to end contractualization and the implementation of a national minimum wage , ” Adonis said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Duterte has failed to deliver his promise of ending contractualization . The much hyped DOLE Order No . 174 does not end but further legitimizes the proliferation of contractual employment schemes . There has also been no significant wage hike under Duterte . Wages remain below living standards especially in regions outside Metro Manila under the wage rationalization scheme , ” he added .
The KMU leader was referring to the labor department 's new order banning labor-only contracting , regulating lawful contractual arrangements and prohibiting “ endo ” or the end of contract scheme .
READ : Bello signs order prohibiting labor contracting , subcontracting
Adonis said other issues that would be protested on May 1 include demands for national minimum wage , free mass housing , and free land distribution .
“ We call on our fellow workers to join the Labor Day protests and assert our demands for regular jobs , living wages , social justice , and just peace , ” he added .
Meanwhile , migrant workers group Migrante International lauded the government 's repatriation efforts , but noted that overseas Filipino workers would keep on returning to foreign land without decent-paying jobs in their own soil .
“ We have stressed the need for a comprehensive reintegration program since the Saudi crisis came full force . We expect more OFWs to be repatriated or deported in light of the ongoing economic crisis in the Middle East and looming mass deportations of undocumented OFWs in US and Malaysia , ” Migrante said in a statement .
“ It will be a never-ending cycle unless President Duterte makes good of his promise to address the root causes of forced migration . Unemployment , low wages , contractualization , landlessness , and poor social services have been driving our OFWs away . If the President sincerely wants them to come back , we need more regular jobs , higher wages , and pro-labor policies , not a labor export policy that has long gone bankrupt , ” it added .
ADVERTISEMENT
About 138 undocumented OFWs who were granted immunity by the Saudi government welcomed Duterte on Monday upon his arrival from a three-country visit in the Middle East . JE/rga
The average household in Niagara Falls will see their property taxes increase by $ 55.15 this year , or 1.79 per cent .
That 's below the rate of inflation , said city finance director Todd Harrison .
He said the city 's net levy increase is 0.97 per cent , “ the lowest we 've had in this term of council ” and the third lowest in a decade .
“ I 'm impressed with this budget , ” said Mayor Jim Diodati .
“ It does a bit of everything . ”
On Tuesday evening , staff presented a revised 2017 operating budget that included $ 401,000 in cuts to the initial draft budget presented to council Jan. 24 .
Council approved the revised budget .
Cuts were made to employee benefits ( $ 120,000 ) , fuel in the transit department ( $ 102,000 ) and the realignment of storm sewer costs to the utility budget ( $ 179,000 ) .
Politicians approved $ 130,644,092 in operating expenses , $ 615,800 more than expected revenues this year .
When council got its first look at the preliminary operating budget , expenses were proposed to be $ 131,045,092 , $ 1,016,800 more than projected revenues .
Harrison said staff went back and made some reductions to bring the budget difference , and the tax increase , down .
He said the operating budget maintains core service levels .
It also includes enhanced services tied to council 's strategic priorities for culture , cemeteries , preventative maintenance , transit and parks/streets maintenance .
Harrison said the city continues to see a decline in its debt .
In 2014 , the debt was $ 62.4 million . By 2018 , the debt is expected to sit at $ 49.9 million .
He said the city 's debt to own source revenue is around five per cent , one of the lowest in Ontario . The provincial limit is 25 per cent .
A significant hike in operating spending this year is proposed for transportation services .
Transit services staff propose moving toward hour-peak service on all conventional routes ; eliminating the Wego purple line ; adjusting peak-hour service level on the Wego blue line ; elimination of bidirectional transfers ; establishing a customer-service hub at Dorchester Road/Morrison Street ; conventional service-fare adjustment and establishing external lunch facilities at various locations ; and extra Sunday service hours to the Chair-A-Van specialized service based on demand .
Staff said implementing phase three of the city 's transit improvement plan will provide morning and afternoon peak half-hour service to four additional daytime routes .
That would bring the number of routes having peak-hour service to eight ( 53 per cent ) .
Following this implementation , there will be two phases remaining to provide 100 per cent daytime peak-hour service system wide .
Plans beyond phase five will be implemented based on ridership , according to staff .
rspiteri @ postmedia.com
Follow @ RaySpiteri
By Carol Barry | Metro |
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather have settled the terms of their super fight , according to reports in Ireland .
The two combat sports stars have been verbally sparring for months while McGregor insisted his next fight will be in a boxing ring against Mayweather .
Mayweather too has said he believes the fight will go ahead as he prepares to come out of retirement to face the UFC star .
McGregor has never boxed professionally , but obtained a license in December and has been training for a fight in the ring .
The Irish Sun claim the deal is done between the fighters and that they are waiting on a third party to sign off on the contract .
McGregor and Mayweather have reportedly settled on the fight purses and pay-per-view cuts , but have yet to put pen to paper .
That may be because the third party is UFC boss Dana White who has already said he does not want his biggest star in the ring with a 49-0 boxer .
White warned McGregor that fighting the UFC would lead to an ‘ epic fall ' , but the president did make his own offer to Mayweather to fight the Irishman .
But White may sign off on the fight when the clash could be the biggest pay-per-view event in boxing history .
Mayweather has already said he will not fight for anything less than $ 100 million , while McGregor would be in line to smash his UFC purse record , $ 3 million , by facing the American .
McGregor will be in Las Vegas this week to film an anti-bullying video as per his settlement with the Nevada State Athletic Commission after the bottle throwing incident with Nate Diaz at UFC 202 .
It is believed the UFC lightweight champion will use the time in Vegas to get the deal signed off on by the third party .
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that he knows `` things that other people do n't know '' when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking .
Spicer tells Fox News Channel 's `` Fox & Friends '' that Trump is getting national security briefings `` on a daily basis '' and `` there does n't seem to be conclusive evidence '' Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election .
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia , calling it a `` how-to '' manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats .
In an interview on NBC 's `` Today Show , '' Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated .
Eric Galatas , WYOMING NEWS SERVICE – High rents are threatening families ' financial security and putting home ownership out of reach for many , according to a new report .
Advertisement
The analysis from the Pew Charitable Trusts says since the Great Recession , the number of households paying more than 30 percent of their pre-tax income in rent has grown .
Erin Currier , director of Pew 's Family Financial Security and Mobility Project , says 43 million American families now rent their homes , a number that has been growing in recent years .
“ As it has grown , the proportion of renters who struggle with rent has also grown , ” she says . “ And our analysis is showing that being rent-burdened is disproportionately affecting older Americans and people of color . ”
She says in 2015 , 38 percent of all renter households were “ rent burdened , ” an increase of about 19 percent since 2001 .
Advertisement
Currier notes that over that same period of time , the racial gap grew wider as the severity of the rent burden increased .
“ The gap between the share of white and African-American households who were spending 50 percent or more of their income on rent grew by 66 percent , ” she notes .
The data also shows that almost half of households headed by someone age 65 or older are rent burdened , and more than 20 percent of them pay half or more of their income in rent .
Rent-burdened households often suffer other forms of financial insecurity . Currier says almost two-thirds have less than $ 400 cash in the bank , and half have less than $ 10 in savings .
“ Compare that to the typical homeowner who has more than $ 7,000 , ” she points out . “ And households that were rent burdened for at least a year were less likely to be able to transition to homeownership than those that never experienced being rent burdened . ”
The Pew report says policymakers should consider ways to make renting a home affordable for the 17 million rent-burdened American families .
The SGA Election Commission needs to be careful
To paraphrase Milo Yiannopoulos on his visit to the University of Houston , whenever you tell 17 year olds ( or in this case , 18-24 year olds ) not to say something , they will find it to be the funniest thing ever by making fun of it .
Though we say it all the time , the world has truly and unequivocally changed with a Trump presidency .
This past election saw the rise of places like r/The Donald , who , by its own admission , helped to “ meme Trump to the presidency. ” What was learned ? People really like to troll online , especially when it comes to politicians .
So as a new SGA election season begins , the University enters new territory that it has not yet experienced . Were there memes during the last election ? Sure there were . The HYPE Party 's primary endorsement form came as a quick dab . Memes have always existed , but there was n't an overt reliance on memes like we saw in the presidential election .
This all means that the Election Commission needs to be extremely careful on how they approach this election and what they say . People are looking for reasons to troll ; they 're looking for reasons to go after something — a pseudo-cause .
This past Monday , there was a rumor going around that any candidate using or advocating the hashtags # ShameShane and # ShameWinni could have a complaint filed against them for “ psychological attacks . ”
“ One could hardly claim that criticizing an individual 's character or ethics as it relates to the election particularly traumatizing , threatening , or humiliating , ” said Austin Turman , the Chief Election Commissioner .
This is easily the right way to address this situation .
Now , I 'm not advocating for attacks . I think I speak for everyone when I say that I want a clean campaign between all parties . But if the fact that these rumors are being started — true or not — just speaks to the nature of the internet politics .
This is n't inherently bad , seeing as anything devoid of some type of humor is taking itself too seriously ( no one should ever take themselves too seriously ) . Take , for example , the fact someone created REDvolution 's Dank Meme Stash .
This is an obvious play on Gary Johnson/Bernie Sander 's Dank Meme Stash — popular Facebook groups focused primarily on posting memes in support of its candidate . This is fun . This is people not taking politics too seriously , especially Student Government Association politics .
But then there 's the example of the Spirit RED incident . Within a few hours of the campaign going live , the party took off the ability for a Facebook user to review the party due to many negative reviews . Whether valid criticism or not ( again , I 'll let you make that call ) , the party had a 2.8 rating pretty quickly after the first review . There was an avalanche .
This is the new political internet reality .
Spirit RED commented , explaining , “ the reason why we disabled comments is because a certain group that has been targeting SGA all year has used the ratings as a platform to launch an attack based off of something that has no relevance to the platform. ” This is a basic explanation on how the relationship between politicians and their relationship with people has changed .
Now the Joker in all of us has a little bit of fun seeing all this chaos . It 's just fun to see what happens when the guards are down and people can “ eat themselves . ”
The Election Commission needs to take caution on what they say . They 're basically experimenting in this new reality ; who actually knows what works and what does n't ? It 's a live experiment that can very well or very poorly depending on how they decide to play their cards .
It is no longer an option to say not to do some things . People will jump on it and go with it until the dead horse has been beaten and is decaying .
Turman further explained that the Election Commission is , “ absolutely prepared and excited to confront the challenges of candidates using the internet in order to campaign and politicize the student body . ”
Kudos to the Election Commission . They seem to have this under control .
Assistant opinion editor Jorden Smith is a political science and creative writing junior and can be reached at [ email protected ]
As if on cue . I swear we did n't know this was going to be in the Swamp Media Newsletter when we earlier wrote about Trump 's anticipated budget battle with the UniParty…
Apparently the GOPe has had enough of this hiding behind the guise of supporting Trump . We know this specifically because the Corinthian Chair sitting GOPe “ Decepticons ” never trot out Thad Cochran unless -and until- Mitch McConnell pulls him out of the closet for a purpose .
For those who do n't know , Senator Thad Cochran is , well , to put it nicely , cognitively impaired . As such , McConnell keeps him tucked away , and hidden from the media , like the non-viable character from Weekend at Bernie 's . When sighted , it 's almost always from behind , and it 's usually Orrin Hatch and Mitch McConnell carrying him around .
Every once in a while someone might see Thad 's nurse wheeling him around near the cloakroom and changing his bib , but generally speaking ol ' Thad is just a name on a brass plaque , … on a mahogany door , … leading to an empty office .
Senator Cochran spends his days at home in DC looking out the window , and when not dozing he mutters to the pretty pancakes and watches the garden gnomes twerking . Originally elected in 1978 , Mississippi 's oldest legislator is a ghost-senator who McConnell et al [ Big Club ] use to keep a box open on their side of the ledger .
Therefore , wherever you see the name Senator Thad Cochran in an article , any article , cross it out and insert the name Senator McConnell . Seriously , that simply makes it easier to understand the bigger picture .
Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Mick Mulvaney is facing fresh GOP resistance ahead of his confirmation vote this week as President Donald Trump 's budget director , with a veteran Senate Republican privately raising concerns about a nomination that now hangs in the balance in the Senate .
Mississippi Sen. Thad Cochran , the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee , is concerned about Mulvaney 's views about defense spending and is uncertain whether he 'd be willing to support him , two sources familiar with the matter tell CNN .
At the same time , Arizona Sen. John McCain has railed against Mulvaney 's past support for a smaller military budget , and a source familiar with his thinking says that he continues to have concerns about Mulvaney ahead of this week 's confirmation vote .
If there are two GOP defections , it could force Vice President Mike Pence to break a tie in the Senate , something Pence had to do already when he broke a 50-50 tie for Trump 's choice of Betsy DeVos to lead the Education Department — the first time a vice president has broken a Senate tie for a Cabinet nominee in history .
But a third GOP defection would prevent Mulvaney from getting the job . Sen. Susan Collins of Maine said she has n't made a “ final decision ” on Mulvaney but that the congressman told her he would treat budgets differently as director of the White House Office of Management and Budget than he did as a House member from a conservative South Carolina district . ( read more )
.
Any one of the “ Shameful Seven ” , – aka Thad 's Crew – who aided in hiding and re-electing Cochran will join to eliminate Mulvaney .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce ‘ Senate Caucus ' is rife with GOPe UniParty members who hide Cochran and will happily squish Mulvaney .
President Trump should consider this nomination effectively :
And do n't consider the probable nomination failure a defeat if/when it happens .
This nomination defeat was anticipated –BIGLY– Heck , we knew it as soon as we saw Mick “ Cantalopes ” Mulvaney 's name in the discussion… . and that was before the Gang-of-Eight immigration advocate admitted to not paying taxes on his ‘ nanny ‘ .
But , but… Mick and me haz such big plans…
07:00 Aljazeera Nieuws
12:00 Cartoons
14:00 Sport : Voetbal : Telesur-SVB 1ste Divisie Competitie : PVV X Botopasi
16:30 Documentaire : After The Last River
18:05 Lets Get Local
18:20 Disney Princess Sing Along Songs
19:00 ATV Nieuws
19:40 Super Hit Top 10
20:30 Crowded
21:00 Grimm
21:55 Tv.film : The Shanghai Job
23:30 Beauty And The Beast
00:15 Einde Uitzending ATV ( KN.12.2 )
( Wijzigingen Voorbehouden )
Jarring as it may have been to see Texans quarterback Tom Savage lying on the ground with his hands twitching after a brutal hit in the end zone , what happened moments later was every bit as disturbing .
Savage came back onto the field .
The NFL 's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston 's 26-16 loss to the 49ers . Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine that the quarterback did , indeed , have a concussion and remove him from the game .
The fact that Savage was allowed back in after being thrown to the ground by Elvis Dumervil of the 49ers — his hands twitching as he laid directly underneath referee John Hussey — will lead to more questions this week about how the NFL handles head trauma . The NFL requires two trained spotters in the press box , a team doctor and an unaffiliated neurotrauma consultant on the sideline to help diagnose concussions .
`` They try and make the best decision for the player , '' Texans coach Bill O'Brien said .
More to the point was this from Chris Nowinski , a longtime critic of the NFL 's handling of concussions : `` Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game after two plays after showing these horrifying concussion signs ( is that a seizure ? ) after a head impact , '' Nowinski tweeted .
In case you missed it , here are the other top topics after the NFL season 's 14th Sunday :
BIG WIN , BIGGER LOSS : The Eagles clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 win over the Rams , but may have lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury in the process . Wentz took Mark Barron 's helmet to his left knee while diving into the end zone for a touchdown that was called back because of a holding penalty . Wentz is scheduled to have an MRI on Monday to evaluate the severity of the injury . Two people familiar with the injury told Associated Press that Wentz tore his ACL and would be out for the season . The people did not want their names used because they were not authorized to discuss the injury . Other QBs hurt Sunday were Marcus Mariota of the Titans ( knee ) and Josh McCown of the Jets ( hand ) .
BIG BEN : Ben Roethlisberger became the first quarterback to throw for 500 yards in three games and the Steelers , after squandering an early 14-point lead , rallied from 11 down for a 39-38 win over Baltimore . Roethlisberger 's numbers : 44 for 66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns . Roethlisberger 's previous 500-yard games came in 2014 ( 522 yards vs. Colts ) and 2009 ( 503 vs. Packers ) .
SNOW DAY : Snowball fight ! On a day like this , Bills linebacker Ryan Davis could hardly resist . Davis scooped up handfuls of the white stuff and started pelting teammates to celebrate a sack . It was one of dozens of must-see moments from Buffalo 's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis that will be remembered for one thing : snow . Fans built snowmen in the stands , players did snow angels on the field and all 11 members of the Colts special teams — plus some sideline personnel who were later removed from the field by officials — had to kick away piles of ankle-high snow to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri to try the game-tying extra point late in the fourth quarter .
WALK-OFF WIN : Davante Adams closed out Green Bay 's comeback win over the Browns in style . After catching the pass from Brett Hundley and spinning away , he scooted into the end zone , then kept right on running into the tunnel . Final score : Green Bay 27 , Cleveland 21 . It was Green Bay 's second straight overtime win and it kept the Packers alive in the playoff hunt , at 7-6 , with Aaron Rodgers rounding into health and possibly available to return next week . Oh , and poor Cleveland found yet another way to lose . The Browns led 21-7 with 13 minutes left , but fell to 0-13 .
FINE TIME : The NFL might be getting into some Seahawks ' wallets this week . The Jaguars were taking a knee after icing their 30-24 win over Seattle , but Seahawks defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder 's knees and triggered a fight . Seattle 's Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch , and Fournette went after Bennett . More pushing and shoving ensued after the next kneel-down , and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed . Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle . Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field .
___
AP Sports Writers Rob Maaddi and Mark Long contributed to this report .
A few weeks ago we told you that FC Dallas ' Maximiliano Urruti was the best finisher so far in this young MLS season . Since then a new player has taken that mantle .
Romain Alessandrini of the LA Galaxy has scored some incredible goals so far , four in total , and it 's clear that he 's threat to score as soon as he hits the field . While his four goals have not helped LA get off to a fast start , they have shown why the Galaxy were smart to acquire the Frenchman in the offseason .
He has scored his four goals despite his shots having an expected goals value of just 1.41 . This means that based on the quality of his chances he would be expected to score 1.41 goals on average . The 2.59 difference between his goals and expected goals is the largest in MLS :
Player Goals ( excluding penalties ) Expected Goals Difference Romain Alessandrini ( LA ) 4 1.41 2.59 Erick Torres ( HOU ) 4 1.50 2.50 Maximiliano Urruti ( DAL ) 3 .74 2.26 David Villa ( NYC ) 4 1.82 2.18 Josef Martinez ( ATL ) 5 2.86 2.14
Is this kind of finishing unsustainable ? Maybe . But it 's clear that defenders will have to stick close to Alessandrini if they do n't want him to score .
Two important notes before looking at Week 7 's xG numbers : Penalties have a value of .79 , and own goals are not factored into the values .
The firm 's so-called psychographic modeling techniques , which were built in part with the data harvested from Facebook , underpinned its work for the Trump campaign in 2016 , though many have questioned their effectiveness .
Less noticed has been the work that Cambridge Analytica and its parent company , the SCL Group , has done outside the United States . The operations of the two companies were set up with a convoluted corporate structure and are deeply intertwined .
Mr. Nix , for instance , holds dual appointments at the two companies . Cambridge Analytica is registered in Delaware and almost wholly owned by the Mercer family , but it is effectively a shell — it holds intellectual property rights to its so-called psychographic modeling tools , yet its clients are served by the staff at London-based SCL and overseen by Mr. Nix , who is a British citizen .
SCL Elections has clients around the world , and it has experimented with data-driven microtargeting techniques in the Caribbean and Africa , where privacy rules are lax or nonexistent and politicians employing SCL have been happy to provide government-held data , according to former employees .
[ ALSO READ : How Cambridge Analytica Harvested Facebook Data , Triggering a New Outcry ]
But in the footage broadcast by Channel 4 , Mr. Nix offered services that go far beyond data harvesting . The Times did not work with Channel 4 on its report about Cambridge Analytica .
“ We have a long history of working behind the scenes you know , ” he told the Channel 4 reporter , who was not identified . “ Many of our clients do n't want to be seen to be working with a foreign company . We can set up fake IDs and websites , we can be students doing research projects attached to a university , we can be tourists . There are so many options we can look at . ”
The Channel 4 reporter posed as a “ fixer ” for a wealthy Sri Lankan family that wanted to help politicians they favored . In a series of meetings at London hotels between November and January , all of which were secretly filmed , Mr. Nix and other executives boasted that Cambridge Analytica employs front companies and former spies on behalf of political clients .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The information that is uncovered through such clandestine work is then put “ into the bloodstream to the internet , ” said Mark Turnbull , another Cambridge executive , in an encounter in December 2015 at the Berkeley hotel in London .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ Then watch it grow , give it a little push every now and again , over time , to watch it take shape , ” he added . “ It has to happen without anyone thinking , ‘ That 's propaganda . ' Because the moment you think ‘ that 's propaganda , ' the next question is , ‘ Who 's put that out ? ' ”
The most damning footage , though , was of Mr. Nix 's suggestion that the company could entrap political rivals through seduction or bribery .
At a meeting in January , also at the Berkeley hotel , Mr. Nix was direct about the techniques SCL could use to aid a client .
“ I mean , deep digging is interesting , ” he said . “ But you know equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that 's too good to be true , and make sure that that 's video-recorded , you know . These sorts of tactics are very effective , instantly having video evidence of corruption , putting it on the internet , these sorts of things . ”
Mr. Nix then suggested they could have someone pose as a wealthy developer . “ They will offer a large amount of money to the candidate , to finance his campaign in exchange for land for instance , ” he said . “ We 'll have the whole thing recorded on cameras . ”
Or , Mr. Nix said , they could “ send some girls around to the candidate 's house — we have lots of history of things . ”
The reporter asked what kind of girls , and Mr. Nix said they could find some Ukrainian women . “ I 'm just saying , we could bring some Ukrainians in on holiday with us you know , ” Mr. Nix replied . “ You know what I 'm saying . ”
“ They are very beautiful , ” he said . “ I find that works very well . ”
To be sure , though , Mr. Nix said that he was speaking only in hypotheticals . “ Please do n't pay too much attention to what I 'm saying because I 'm just giving you examples of what can be done and what , what has been done , ” he said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For Mr. Nix , the footage comes at an already perilous moment . Earlier this month , he told a parliamentary inquiry into fake news and Russian interference in Britain 's referendum to exit the European Union that Cambridge Analytica never used or possessed Facebook data .
But following the reports in The Times and Observer on Saturday , Damian Collins , the Conservative lawmaker leading the inquiry , said he planned to call Mr. Nix back to testify .
“ It seems clear that he has deliberately misled the committee and Parliament , ” Mr. Collins said in a statement this weekend .
In keeping with tradition , dozens of couples have obtained marriage licenses in Las Vegas this Valentine 's Day .
The Clark County Marriage License Bureau reported issuing more than 110 marriage licenses by Tuesday afternoon .
Its main office in downtown Las Vegas closes at midnight .
A county spokesman , Dan Kulin , says the bureau issues about 120 licenses on a normal Tuesday .
Nearly 380 couples obtained licenses last year 's Valentine 's Day , which fell on a Sunday .
In an area where people can get married in venues that range from a shooting range to a Denny 's restaurant , the bureau is one of the busiest in the nation . It issues more than 80,000 marriage licenses every year .
The lone American injured in the massacre at a nightclub in Istanbul on New Year 's Eve says he played dead after being shot in the leg — and his family says the bullet hit his cellphone , saving him from a more serious injury .
William Jacob Raak , a 35-year-old from Delaware , told NBC Philadelphia that he was among the 600 people inside the popular Reina nightclub when a gunman entered .
“ Somebody said that there were shots fired , ” Raak said . “ And I initially did not believe it until I saw the gunman and he started shooting up the whole place . ”
Raak said he was on the ground when the gunman approached .
“ When he shot me I did n't move , ” he said . “ I just let him shoot me . ”
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack , which killed 39 people and wounded 70 others , and a manhunt for the gunman is underway . Raak was the only U.S. citizen confirmed to be injured in the shooting , according to the State Department . He was rushed to a local hospital .
Video of Pennsylvania native injured in Istanbul nightclub shooting : https : //t.co/P7YnEZcskB pic.twitter.com/V85vuCyj5p — NBC10 Philadelphia ( @ NBCPhiladelphia ) January 2 , 2017
Raak , a native of Chadds Ford , Pa. , spoke with reporters as he was being carted away from the scene on a stretcher .
“ I got shot in the f * * * ing leg , man , ” Raak said . “ These crazy people came in shooting up everything ! ”
He later clarified that he saw only one gunman .
According to the Associated Press , the shooter was wearing a Santa hat when he entered the club .
Raak 's brother , Michael , said his brother 's cellphone likely saved him from a more serious injury .
“ When he got shot , the bullet hit his phone , ” Michael told the Philadelphia station . “ It went from his hip to his knee , but the bullet did n't hit any major arteries . ”
“ It destroyed his contacts , ” his mother , Grace , told the New York Daily News . “ He was very fortunate that it did . ”
_____
Related slideshows :
Slideshow : Turkey mourns the victims of the New Year 's Eve nightclub attack > > >
Slideshow : Dozens dead in New Year 's Eve nightclub attack in Istanbul , Turkey > > >
Dodgeball stars Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are suiting up for a rematch in aid of charity , 13 years after starring in the comedy film .
The Hollywood actors have reprised their roles from 2004 hit Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story in a hilarious sketch on the website Omaze.com .
In the clip , White Goodman ( Ben ) explains that he and the Purple Cobras are getting ready to face off against Peter La Fleur 's ( Vince ) Average Joes .
Purple Cobras or Average Joe's—who will YOU play dodgeball for ? Come for the charity , stay for the balls & ENTER : https : //t.co/2r8fWhQ2Dj pic.twitter.com/uFoKbwypXs — Omaze ( @ omaze ) June 14 , 2017
Fans taking part have the chance to play a little dodgeball with Ben himself .
He says : “ Sorry to interrupt your internet life , but for the last 13 years while I 've been living a sugar-free , protein-forward lifestyle , I 've watched as all of you have gotten fatter and dumber with your hashtags and your baes and your Kanyes .
“ Everyone is so PC now . Even good old-fashioned bullying is out .
“ Well , White Goodman has decided to get with the times . ”
He continued : “ It 's time for a little charity dodgeball , b * * * * * s . ”
Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn ( Anthony Harvey/PA ) More
Participants have to pick between the teams and sign up on the Omaze site .
Money raised will benefit The Stiller Foundation , the actor 's nonprofit organisation which supports children around the world by providing educational opportunities for them .
Other stars from the original film are also seen in the clip , including Missi Pyle , Justin Long and Christine Taylor .
The industry as a whole has undergone tremendous downsizing and consolidation in recent years . That trend has hit publications in West Virginia , too , though they have been somewhat buffered by a hunger for local news .
“ There has been a decline of advertising revenues and not necessarily something to come along to replace that , but because so much of the state is covered by small community newspapers , I think the economic impacts have n't been as severe , ” said Maryanne Reed , dean of the West Virginia University Reed College of Media .
The Gazette-Mail has long stood out among them , developing a reputation for critical coverage of politicians and industry alike , fueled by an unofficial mantra of “ sustained outrage , ” a favored phrase of its liberal former publisher William E. “ Ned ” Chilton III .
The paper exposed corruption under multiple governors , one of whom , Arch A. Moore Jr. , refused to call it by its name , addressing the publication only as “ the morning sick call. ” ( Governor Moore , a Republican , later spent time in prison after admitting to accepting illegal campaign contributions . )
The paper also has a long history of rigorously reporting on the coal industry .
After the recent death of Paul Nyden , a longtime investigative reporter who had exposed dangerous and dishonest practices in the industry , Senator Joe Manchin III , of West Virginia , was unequivocal about his impact .
Photo
“ West Virginia is safer for our coal miners and healthier for our communities because of Paul 's work , ” he said in a statement .
That penetrating reporting has continued under Ken Ward , Jr. , considered by some to be among the nation 's best coal reporters . His impact was on display this week at a coal conference when a lawyer joked about his absence , holding up a pink piece of paper with Mr. Ward 's name on it to laughter from the crowd , according to a reporter in attendance .
“ That was kind of his icebreaker , ” said the reporter , Taylor Kuykendall , who covers the coal industry for S & P Global Market Intelligence and has closely followed Mr. Ward 's work out of necessity .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The newspaper 's doggedness was recognized last year with the Pulitzer Mr. Eyre won for exposing drug companies that had flooded West Virginia with painkillers while flouting state law . His reporting about a small-town pharmacy that received nearly nine million hydrocodone pills over two years was cited by several members of Congress last year when the House Energy and Commerce Committee opened an investigation into the practice .
Despite its successes , the financial strains on the newspaper have long been in plain view , even to outsiders .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ When you see one person who used to have one beat that 's stretched into three or four , you realize that the sun 's not going to shine for long , ” said Mayor Danny Jones of Charleston , who expressed concern about what the sale might mean for the crucial local institution .
Even though he has spent much of his life as a Republican , Mr. Jones , now an independent , was first encouraged to run for office years ago by the liberal Mr. Chilton , he said . But that never stopped the newspaper from holding him to account .
“ They 've been on me , ” he said . “ That 's just the way it works . ”
The Gazette acquired its rival , the conservative Daily Mail , in 2004 , maintaining separate newsrooms . But the Justice Department sued in 2007 , arguing that the transaction violated federal antitrust law . The combined company settled in 2010 , but its legal troubles continued . In August , it was ordered to pay the former owner of The Daily Mail nearly $ 4 million , a decision upheld by a federal judge less than two weeks before its bankruptcy filing .
Ogden Newspapers Inc. , a national newspaper chain with roots in West Virginia , is in line to purchase the paper , though there is still time for other bidders to emerge .
“ The Gazette-Mail is an important institution to Charleston and all of West Virginia , ” Robert Nutting , president and chief executive of the company , told one of the chain 's newspapers . “ I believe that it can , and must , have a bright future . ”
Still , the newspaper 's staff is n't sure what to make of the sale or what it will mean for their jobs , Mr. Eyre said . But that has n't stopped them from doing what they know best .
“ The news goes on , and we 're there to cover it , ” he said .
Do you feel like you have to reestablish your fashion sense ? Well do you feel like it might cost you too much money ? If so then you are going to want to have a look through this article to figure out how to build your fashion sense on a budget .
Looking great does not have to cost a fortune . If you want to build your wardrobe but do n't have the funds to get the look you 're after , check out your local thrift and consignment stores . These stores offer a plethora of fashion options at a fraction of their retail price .
When you wear two items of the same color , make sure that the shades are a perfect or near-perfect match . For example , do not wear a navy blue shirt with a midnight blue pair of pants . Even though they are both blue , it does not look as well put together as it would have if both pieces were the same color .
Tight levis can look attractive on someone who is fit with a slender figure , but if you are a bit on the heavy side , look for jeans that fit well without being tight . Your extra pounds will be even more noticeable if you look as if your pants are painted on you .
Dress up black jeans with a fancy shirt or some heels for a classic evening look . Wear colored jeans if you want a more casual look .
In order to make sure that you can fit into the latest fashion trends you are going to want to make sure that you are as slim as possible . Diet and exercise so you do n't feel embarrassed because you ca n't fit into some of the latest trends that this season 's fashion has to offer you .
A very important fashion tip is to make sure that your pants are the correct length . This is important because having pants that are too long or short can be a critical mistake in looking good . Be sure to plan for the type of shoes that you will be wearing because it will make a huge difference .
Buy the right size clothing . Too many women wear shirts , skirts , and even bras that are too tight . This is very unflattering . Buying clothing that fits right will have you looking your best . It will also allow you to breathe and be comfortable in what you 're wearing . Part of being fashionable is being at ease with your choices .
Dress for your body type . Take the time to understand your shape , and how to use clothes to enhance your natural assets . Women who know how to work with their body , instead of hiding it , are the ones people notice when they walk into a room . Be proud of your shape , and work with it to boost your fashion esteem .
When you get a haircut , keep your face shape in mind . Certain face shapes look better with certain hairstyles . Oval faces look great with nearly any hairstyle , while round faces do better with hairstyles that have height . Pear faces look better with round cuts and triangular faces look better with short cuts . Square faces look great with all kinds of cuts , except those that are flat on top .
A new jacket may have some loose stitches around the shoulders and vents . These threads are not a fashionable look , which means that you should remove them . Just snip them off with a small pair of scissors . That 's a simple style tip for you .
Invest in the basics . Every wardrobe should have a few key pieces . The little black dress is a classic for good reason . A well-fitted white blouse is versatile and flattering . A tailored suit is perfect for serious business . These items are ones you should n't be afraid to spend a little extra on , as they are timeless classics that last beyond the changing fashion trends .
To stretch your wardrobe 's versatility , fill your wardrobe with a variety of scarves and belts in different patterns and styles . You can use these to add a splash of interest to a solid colored top . You can use these in countless combinations to create a different look each time without needing to buy a different outfit .
If you are going to be in the hot weather , wear clothes that are made from natural fabrics so your skin can breath . Cottons and silks are ideal materials for summer clothes . Avoid synthetic fibers , like polyester , that are not as effective in keeping you cool because they tend to stick to you .
If you are small and petite , then you should avoid wearing strong prints and loose , chunky clothing . This will not look good on you . Instead , you should aim for fitted clothing and soft fabrics , and ensure that you streamline everything so that your body is not being cut in half .
Knowing how to practice good fashion is one thing , but actually following through and practicing fashion is another . Try your best to follow all of the tips from this article so that you can have recreated your image . It 's great to feel good about yourself once you have established good fashion habits and look good with what you wear again .
A fresh round of cold and snow headed toward the Midwest and Northeast on Monday .
Interested in Weather ? Add Weather as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Weather news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
The National Weather Service has issued winter storm watches and warnings for nine states from Indiana to Maine as an Alberta Clipper storm system moves through Monday into Tuesday .
ABC News
The system is just moving into the northern Plains from the Dakotas to Minnesota and Wisconsin , with snow from Minneapolis to Chicago .
The storm system is forecast to move east into the Great Lakes by Monday evening , bringing snow from Detroit to Cleveland .
ABC News
The clipper system is expected to touch down in the Northeast by Tuesday morning , with snow mostly inland and rain showers from Boston south to Washington , D.C .
Most of the snow will fall in the Midwest and Northeast just north of major metropolitan areas . Some parts of inland Maine could get as much as 10 inches .
Behind the storm system , the coldest air of the season is forecast for the Northeast by Wednesday morning .
Actress Shriya Saran , who is known for her contribution to South cinema as well as Bollywood , got married to her Russian beau , Andrei Koscheev in a private ceremony on March 12th . The wedding took place at the Lokhandwala residence and the wedding took place according to the Hindu rituals . As far as the film fraternity is concerned , only Manoj Bajpayee and Shabana were present at the function .
Drishyam fame Shriya Saran , who is best known for her contribution to South Indian cinema , got hitched in a private ceremony to longtime beau Andrei Koscheev on March 12 , according to the latest media reports . The actor , who has featured in many films such as Sivaji : The Boss , Kanthaswamy Thoranai , Gopala Gopala , Kanthaswamy , Drishyam , among many others tied the knot with her Russian boyfriend Andrei Koscheev . As per reports , the wedding took place at the Lokhandwala residence and the wedding took place according to the Hindu rituals . As far as the film fraternity is concerned , only Manoj Bajpayee and Shabana were present at the function .
Soon after the pictures of the newly-wed couple were shared on social media by their fan pages , the stunning pictures from their big day went viral on social media in no time . While Shriya Saran looked like a princess in a beautiful pink lehenga , Andrei Koscheev looked like an extremely handsome groom in navy blue traditional wear . Andrei Koscheev , who is a tennis player and a businessman , is the owner of a chain of restaurants in Russian . He has also won the Entrepreneur award in 2015 .
ALSO READ : Taimur Ali Khan 's shirtless picture would make you want to take a sunbath !
ALSO READ : I am attracted to unique ideas , says Punjabi singer Dilbagh Singh
Shriya was last seen in Paisa Vasool starring Tollywood star Nandamuri Balakrishna . In Bollywood , her last film was ‘ Drishyam ' opposite Ajay Devgn . She will next be seen in ‘ Tadka ' also starring Nana Patekar and directed by Prakash Raj . In 2008 , Saran made her American cinema debut in Ashok Amritraj 's The Other End of the Line . She played the role of Priya Sethi , who works as a telephone operator in an Indian call center while acting alongside Jesse Metcalfe , Anupam Kher , and Tara Sharma . Shriya 's performance was praised by critics , particularly her on-screen chemistry with Jesse Metcalfe .
ALSO READ : Chiranjeevi praises son Ram Charan 's movie Rangasthalam
For all the latest Entertainment News , download NewsX App
By Phoenix Tso
SANTA BARBARA , Calif. ( Reuters ) - Crews battling a massive wind-driven California wildfire that has torched nearly 800 buildings and charred 230,000 acres are bracing on Monday to protect communities menaced by flames along the state 's scenic coastline .
The Thomas Fire ignited last week and is burning in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties , about 100 miles northwest of Los Angeles .
`` Fire will continue to threaten the communities of Carpenteria , Summerland , Montecito and surrounding areas , '' the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection ( Cal Fire ) said in a Sunday night update .
Santa Ana winds and the rugged mountainous terrain have hindered firefighters as they battle the blaze , which has destroyed 790 houses , outbuildings and other structures and left 90,000 homes and businesses without power .
`` A lot of these guys ( firefighters ) have fought a lot of fires in the past few months and are fatigued , '' said Fire Captain Steve Concialdi , spokesman for the Thomas Fire .
Concialdi said firefighters from 11 Western states are aiding firefighting efforts .
The fire is 10 percent contained , down from 15 percent on Saturday after it blew up on Sunday , growing by 56,000 acres in one day and making a run of 7 miles , Concialdi said .
Nearly 5,800 firefighting personnel are working on the blaze , Cal Fire said . The cost of fighting as of Sunday was nearly $ 34 million , the agency added . It is already the fifth-largest wildfire on record in California .
At the University of California , Santa Barbara , final exams set for this week have been postponed , Chancellor Henry Yang said in a letter to the campus community . Air quality and transportation issues , along with power outages that have affected the school 's information technology department , forced the delay of exams until January .
Some of the other fires burning over the past week in San Diego and Los Angeles counties have been largely controlled by the thousands of firefighters on the ground this week .
Both the Creek and Rye fires in Los Angeles County were 90 percent contained by Sunday morning , officials said , while the Skirball Fire in the posh Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles was 75 percent contained .
North of San Diego , the 4,100-acre ( 1,660 hectare ) Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained by Sunday and most evacuation orders had been lifted .
( Reporting by Phoenix Tso ; Additional reporting by Mike Blake in San Diego , Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles and Keith Coffman in Denver ; Writing by Joseph Ax and Dan Whitcomb ; Editing by Peter Graff )
Getty Image
On Wednesday , the Kremlin denied a report from the New York Times that Russian intelligence officers had any contact with members of the Donald Trump campaign during presidential election season , as reported by Reuters .
This denial follows a New York Times report about U.S. intelligence intercepting communications between the two parties . The Times reported that four anonymous U.S. officials had told them about Trump aides ' repeated calls with Russian intelligence . In response , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov did n't quite shout , “ You 're fake news ! ” However , he steadfastly denied the report : “ Let 's not believe anonymous information . It 's a newspaper report which is not based on any facts . ”
Paul Manafort , Trump 's second campaign manager — who left due to his shadowy ties to Russia and Ukraine — told the Financial Times that he has never directly spoken to anyone directly involved in the Russian government :
“ I have never had any involvement with Putin or the Russian government on any matter . I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved in any projects that include the Russian government or the Putin administration or parties acting in concert with or on behalf of the Russian government . ”
Despite mountains of evidence and his intelligence officers telling him otherwise , Donald Trump also continues to deny Russia had any part in the election . The new reports do n't fare well for the administration , especially after National Security Advisor Gen. Michael Flynn resigned due to mounting evidence of his ties to Russia .
( Via Reuters & Financial Times )
Transcript for Eagles super-fan spent retirement money on 'locker room ' to watch games
I just for myself as a whack job Philadelphia Eagles fans since 1954 . Crime all . We 're in my locker room apparently I did n't councilman Mike Philadelphia eagles ' loss itself always right Walt Disney . Here . Welcome back . I would build an occasional home Vermont polio . I 'm always open man wielding a that would be that would be free again all my family all my friends here and gain ground for people homeless find fault not my a lot . He 's a super thing . Super affiliate he does he would . I 'm a little crazy act . I 'm a little praise on what I 'm talking one . The wealthy you know laughter that we give up their retirement money and putting an end for something like this . What was your . And if it is probable victory . That we 're even icing on the cake .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
07:00 CNN Nieuws
07:35 Logos International
08:36 The Lion Guard
09:00 Caribbean Newsline
09:35 Masterchef US
10:20 Mech-X4
11:05 Survivor
12:00 CNN Nieuws
12:30 Tv.film : The Proposal
14:22 Entertainment : Ana Popovic Band Live From The Heart Of Italy
15:35 De Levende Steen Gemeente
16:06 America 's Got Talent
17:35 SZF Magazine
18:00 ATV Nieuws
18:45 Kevin Can Wait
19:06 Documentaire : Jago A Life Underwater
20:02 Owru Poku Man Fu Sranan : Oesje Soekatma
21:17 The Rubing Health Foundation
21:43 Trekking : Lotto/Lotto Plus/Tek.2/Double Tek.2/Match.3/High.5
21:51 Superstore
22:16 Designated Survivor
23:00 Tv.film : Maze
00:38 Herhaling ATV Nieuws
01:15 Daytime Divas
02:00 Tv.film : The Iceman
03:50 The Coolest Places On Earth
04:15 Tv.film : Unknown Caller
06:00 Benched
06:25 CNN Nieuws
( Wijzigingen Voorbehouden )
He provided commentary as he went along , sometimes blowing raspberries at his own performance . In “ Tape for the Turn of the Year , ” there were moments when he debated stomping on his coil of paper .
When he left the house he unspooled the whole thing , he wrote , and brought it along , in case of fire . ( Did Kerouac lug his scroll around like a football ? ) “ I 'm so tired / you ca n't imagine , ” he tells his readers , nearing the end . He thanks us for coming along .
Photo
On the most bedrock level , Ammons was a nature poet . Daily he was out amid the moss and grackles and the zucchini vines and the roadkill . He did n't issue “ cry of the loon ” writing , however , to borrow an old New Yorker magazine put-down of overwrought nature prose .
If he saw a jay out before sunrise , it was probably “ wheeling & dealing. ” His poems are dense with weather reports , emotional and literal . His book “ Garbage ” meditates on what we 've done to our blue-green planet as well as to our minds .
If I tend not to regard Ammons as a nature poet , it 's because I prefer him when he is talking about other things . Moping about his career , for example , he wrote in 1967 :
what I need I mean is a champion or even a host of champions ,
a phalanx of enthusiasts , driving a spearhead
or one or two of those big amphibian trucks
through the peopled ocean of my neglect :
I mean I do n't want to sound fancy but
what I could use at the moment is
a little destruction perpetrated in my favor .
He had a way , when the dew grew too thick on the leaves of his verse , of breaking into rude song :
Baby , you have been stomping round on my toes so long
They 're breaking out in black and blue hyacinths ,
Well-knit forget-me-nots
Geraniums are flopping out over the tops of my shoes
tendril leaves coming out along the edges of my shoelaces .
Ammons wrote often about sex , too , its own form of dancing :
swing !
your partner ,
promenade ( and when
you can
get laid
get laid )
Ammons sat down at his desk every day and wrote whether he had anything to say or not . Because of this , he wrote more guff than most important American poets . There is a not always pleasant sense of him working things out in real time .
He knew he could strain a reader 's patience . Please turn in your hymnals , he wrote , to page “ Archie carrying on again. ” He once referred to his career as “ 50 years of yapping . ”
Ammon carries you along because as he vamps , like a musician , there 's a sense of drama , of his mind expanding and contracting . He will hit his groove and deliver a string of intensities . Then he will pull back because the beauty is too much ; he 'll wait for the next moment to strike .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Is it O.K . to love a poet because he writes well about napping ?
half an hour is great : an hour exactly twice as good , and all day
practically incalculable : but judge not me as you must not others :
some of the drowsy-looking people you see have had so much food , sex ,
and sleep that the only sign of life on them is a tiny smile of dumb bliss .
His charm was so great you only slowly realize how much loneliness and anger and depression swam behind his verse . He wrote : “ Some mornings , I do n't know whether / to discharge a gun or an obligation . ”
Ammons hoped that the point in his poetry would be “ delivered below / the level of argument , straight into the fat / of feeling. ” He got there more than most poets of his time .
Ammons could be high-minded but he had few pretentious bones in his body . He told us what he wanted and , like Babe Ruth pointing at the bleachers , he delivered :
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump will deliver his first State of the Union address Tuesday night , but he wo n't be the only one trying to send a message .
Here 's a look at some of the ways lawmakers are using the speech to make a point :
___
# METOO
Many female Democratic lawmakers plan to follow the lead of celebrities at this year 's Golden Globe Awards by wearing black to the State of the Union .
Allegations of sexual harassment have had a big impact on Capitol Hill in recent months , forcing resignations and retirements on both sides of the political aisle and ongoing Ethics Committee investigations .
`` Wearing black to # SOTU is n't about Trump , '' tweeted Rep. Lois Frankel , D-Fla. `` It 's about showing solidarity with a movement- from hotels to farm fields , to Congress , we 're standing with workers to end sexual harassment in all workplaces . ''
Some lawmakers are also bringing attention to the issue through the guest they have invited to the State of the Union . Rep. Annie Kuster , D-N.H. , has invited Chessy Prout , a victim of sexual assault while she attended high school .
`` The conversation about sexual harassment and assault in our nation is long overdue , but through the efforts of Chessy and the # MeToo movement , it is finally gaining steam , '' Kuster said .
___
FACES OF IMMIGRATION
Dozens of young immigrants will be sitting in the House gallery overlooking the president as he speaks . Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer and other Democratic lawmakers invited them to put a face on an immigration debate that is dominating Congress 's attention .
The guests are among the nearly 700,000 people who received protection from deportation under the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program .
Trump canceled the program last year but gave Congress until March to come up with a legislative fix .
The `` Dreamers '' in the gallery include aspiring nurse Karen Bahena of San Diego and Virginia high school student Nicolle Uria , who was brought into the United States as a 1-year-old . Bahena is the guest of Rep. Scott Peters , D-Calif. Uria is the guest of Rep. Gerry Connolly , D-Va .
`` This country is all she has ever known and through her volunteer work she has made our community better , '' Connolly said .
Rep. Kevin Cramer , R-N.D. , is also making a statement on immigration . His guest , Tommy Fisher , is president of a company that was given a contract to develop a prototype wall along the U.S. border with Mexico .
`` As Congress develops comprehensive immigrant enforcement legislation , I am proud to know a North Dakota company is a finalist to construct the border wall between our nation and Mexico , '' Cramer said .
___
EMPTY SEATS
At least eight Democratic lawmakers have announced they are boycotting the president 's address : Reps. Earl Blumenauer of Oregon , Pramila Jayapal of Washington , John Lewis of Georgia , Frederica Wilson of Florida , Gregory Meeks of New York , Maxine Waters of California and Bobby Rush and Jan Schakowsky of Illinois .
`` Rather than listening to yet another destructive and divisive speech by Trump , I will not attend this year 's annual address to Congress , '' said Blumenauer , who also skipped the Trump inauguration .
___
THE SCIENCE GUY
Bill Nye the Science Guy is also on the guest list . The harsh critic of Trump 's environmental policies is the guest of Republican Rep. Jim Bridenstine , Trump 's nominee to serve as the next administrator of NASA .
Nye said he has enjoyed a productive working relationship with Bridenstine on space issues .
Democratic lawmakers have been highly critical of Bridenstine , saying that placing a politician at the head of the agency , instead of someone steeped in the sciences , would be a mistake . A Senate committee approved Bridenstine 's nomination on a party-line vote , but the full Senate has n't yet taken it up .
`` I hope to hear the president present plans for an ambitious , science-driven space exploration agenda , '' Nye said .
___
REBUTTAL
Rep. Joe Kennedy of Massachusetts will deliver the Democratic response to the president 's address . He is the grandson of Robert F. Kennedy , the former senator and U.S. attorney general , and the son of former Rep. Joseph Kennedy II , who served in the House from 1987 to 1999 . Democratic leaders are pitching Kennedy as someone who can champion Democratic policies to the middle class .
Lady Gaga and British royal Prince William have teamed up to encourage mental health sufferers to speak out about their issues .
The Born This Way singer was filmed having a FaceTime conversation with the Duke of Cambridge to discuss how she felt about being open about her struggles with mental health issues , including post traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , and how important it was to talk about it .
“ It made me very nervous at first , ” she said , speaking from the kitchen of her Los Angeles home . “ There 's a lot of shame attached to mental illness - you feel like something 's wrong with you . In my life I go , ‘ oh my goodness , look at all these beautiful , wonderful things that I have ' and I should be so happy but you ca n't help it if in the morning when you wake up you are so tired , you are so sad , you are so full of anxiety ... ”
Prince William suggested other sufferers should be as open as the singer because it will help break the stigma attached to mental health and can make a huge difference to each person , who could suffer more further down the line if they keep quiet .
Gaga agreed , saying , “ Even though it was hard , the best thing that could come out of my mental illness was to share it with other people and let our generation as well as other generations know that if you are feeling not well in your mind , that you 're not alone ... we have to make the strongest , most relentless attempt we can to normalize mental health issues so that people feel like they can come forward . ”
Prince William ended the conversation by asking her to visit his royal residence Kensington Palace when she visits London on tour later this year . He also thanked her for supporting the Heads Together campaign , which is also championed by his brother Harry and wife Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge .
Sharing their video , Gaga tweeted , “ Thanks to Prince William & @ heads_together for inviting me to join this important conversation around mental health awareness # oktosay . ”
Thanks to Prince William & @ heads_together for inviting me to join this important conversation around mental health awareness # oktosay pic.twitter.com/w4RYmw7Llj — xoxo , Joanne ( @ ladygaga ) April 18 , 2017
Their video came just days after Prince Harry confessed he shut down his emotions and refused to think about his mother Princess Diana 's death in 1997 , when he was aged 12 .
In this series for T , Emily Spivack , the author of “ Worn Stories , ” interviews creative types about their most prized possessions . In April , the designer Scott Sternberg , formerly of Band of Outsiders , launched Entireworld , a line of well-made men 's and women 's clothing intended for everyday wear . Here , he describes the music shop that was a sanctuary for him as an adolescent , and the guitar he purchased there .
There was this music store where I grew up in Dayton , Ohio , called Dayton Band . It was a little free-standing building that was always filled with cigarette smoke . You 'd walk in and the guy at the front desk , Jim , would be smoking . The private rooms in the basement where they taught guitar would be filled with smoke . I used to take lessons from a guy named Rick Bashore . He would teach me a song or a lick , or we 'd jam together . He 'd get really into it and forget he was smoking a cigarette so it 'd be hanging out of his lip , ash falling everywhere . Or , he 'd stick the cigarette on the head of the guitar and save it for later , which I thought was really cool .
Going to the store was about self-preservation . I did n't identify with the kids around me . I was gay , but not out at the time or in touch with that . Spending time at Dayton Band was a respite , like , “ I 'll just be over here strumming this guitar in a corner . ”
Despite the automation , Ele.me believes this could be better for drivers . Humans would only need to cover about 15 percent of its routes , and should lower operating costs in the process . Existing couriers could make up to five times more income , it claimed .
This approach would n't likely work in primarily residential areas , so you could easily argue that Ele.me is taking a shortcut to putting drones into service . At the same time , this underscores a few of the advantages Chinese companies have when introducing commercial delivery drones . The US is only just considering looser rules that would enable practical drone couriers , while a Made in China 2025 campaign is providing grants , investments and loans to help technological innovation in fields like this . The edge might not last for long , but it 's hard not to look on with some envy as Shanghai residents receive their grub from above .
A man accused of killing one woman and injuring another in a knife attack in Rock Springs is set to go to trial Wednesday .
Bradley Ross Fairbourn , 20 of Draper , Utah , is facing charges of Murder in the First Degree and Attempted Murder in the First Degree . He is accused of killing 29-year-old Naisha Rae Story and attempting to kill Linda Mara Natalia Arce at the Quality Inn in Rock Springs on June 23 , 2016 .
His trial was set to begin Monday , but was pushed back by two days to allow the defense additional time to review recently received reports .
If convicted , Fairbourn faces possible punishments of life imprisonment without parole or life imprisonment , and a fine of up to $ 10,000 for each charge .
The State is not seeking the death penalty .
Read more about this case here .
Listen at WEAA Live Stream :
http : //amber.streamguys.com.4020/live.m3u
We 'll have a report on the continued fallout from the resignation of Trump National Security Adviser , General Michael Flynn . Plus , we 'll talk to veteran reporter Charles Robinson of Maryland Public Television 's , State Circle about the alleged altercation between White House correspondent April Ryan and Trump staffer and former reality TV star , Omarosa Manigualt .
These stories and much more on AFRO 's First Edition with Sean Yoes , Monday through Friday , 5-7 p.m .
SNc Channels :
Search
About Salem-News.com
Zip Weather
Weather Forecast
Apr-16-2017 01:35 TweetFollow @ OregonNews Untied Airlines -- the Real Story Untied [ sic ] Airlines is one more step in America 's drift to fascism . It 's not too late to stop it .
Cartoon by Clay Jones
Displayed with permission from The Moderate Voice
( Pender Island , British Columbia ) - The Untied [ sic ] Airlines `` re-accommodation '' has gone viral and continues to generate confusion and misinformation . There is also a deeper aspect that has been completely overlooked . You 've got the complete story here first . The flight was NOT overbooked as everyone is reporting . This is the first mistake . All the paying passengers had seats . United wanted to put crew members on the flight who had to be in Louisville to work the next day . This was the result of complete mismanagement on the part of UAL . Chicago to Louisville , KY are 3 to 4 hours apart by ground transport . Why did n't UAL put the four people on a bus , call them a taxi or charter them a private plane ? Mishandling a decision like this may yet cost someone their job . It 's an example of being “ penny-wise and pound foolish ” . Even without the million or more dollars settlement this will likely cost , they could have done handled the whole thing for just a few thousand dollars . I 've been arguing for years that the Nazi holocaust happened for one reason and one reason only : thousands of otherwise ordinary Germans just did as they were told and did their jobs . The same phenomena are now happening to the United States . I am not the first to report this development . The militarization of the police forces is the first step . Otherwise ordinary Americans are participating in a war against their fellow citizens . We see that on the plane itself . The police have , so far been attacking and killing marginalized people—primarily blacks and the poor . The shift has now moved to the middle class . Bill O'Reilly chuckled after watching Dr. Dao being dragged up the aisle . O'Reilly 's cable show remains the most watched in the country . That is the state of American culture . I 'm not optimistic . The brutalization of American society continues apace . _________________________________________
Business | United-states | Technology | Most Commented on
Articles for April 15 , 2017 | Articles for April 16 , 2017 | Articles for April 17 , 2017
Getty Image
A lawsuit against NFL Enterprises in Los Angeles Superior Court accuses several current and former NFL Network personalities , along with former executive producer Eric Weinberger , of sexual harassment . According to Bloomberg , the allegations come via Jami Cantor , a former wardrobe stylist at the network .
The list of accused features a laundry list of former players , including Marshall Faulk , Donovan McNabb , and Warren Sapp .
BREAKING : Ex @ nflnetwork employee alleges sex harassment against former executive , current/former talent , including Marshall Faulk , Warren Sapp , Donovan McNabb , Ike Taylor , Heath Evans , @ Ericweinberger , who now runs @ BillSimmons ' The Ringer # Sportsbiz — Scott Soshnick ( @ soshnick ) December 12 , 2017
The network announced via a statement that Faulk , Taylor , and Evans have all been suspended as an investigation takes place . Neither Sapp nor McNabb are currently employed by the network , and as Soshnick mentions in his first tweet , Weinberger left the network to serve as the president of Bill Simmons Media Group .
Photo
WASHINGTON — The United States and South Korea will resume their annual joint military exercises on April 1 , the Pentagon announced Monday , restarting drills that have aroused the ire of North Korea and were suspended during the Olympics and Paralympics .
Washington and Seoul had agreed to delay the drills after South and North Korea announced they were beginning a diplomatic rapprochement , with the North sending a delegation to the Winter Games in Pyeongchang , South Korea .
The exercises , code-named Foal Eagle and Key Resolve , will involve some 23,000 American troops and more than 300,000 South Korean troops . The scale this year is similar to previous years , Defense Department officials said .
South Korean officials have told reporters that North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong-un , who is expected to meet with President Trump in May about the North 's nuclear program , has appeared unexpectedly flexible about the exercises this year . During previous drills , Mr. Kim has conducted multiple missile tests .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But during talks with the South last month , Mr. Kim said that “ he could understand why the joint exercises must resume in April on the same scale as before , ” Chung Eui-yong , South Korea 's national security adviser , said this month .
SHAFTSBURY , Vt. ( AP ) — The Robert Frost Stone House Museum is ready to reopen under new ownership .
The Friends of Robert Frost announced last September that it was donating the house , seven acres of property , and two barns to Bennington college .
It 's due to open for the season on May 3 .
The Benning Banner reports that Frost purchased the house in 1920 and lived there until 1929 . He was living in the house when he won his first Pulitzer Prize , as well as when he composed many of his poems , including `` Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening . ''
Frost 's house will remain open to the public but also will be incorporated into college programs and studies .
___
Information from : Bennington Banner , http : //www.benningtonbanner.com
Spotted bass are some people 's favorite and other people 's least favorite bass . They were originally native to the Tennessee and Coosa River basins and have been widely introduced to other watersheds across the Southeast .
A built-in keylogger has been discovered on a host of HP laptops for the second time in 2017 .
The hidden software was discovered by security blogger Michael Myng , who also goes by the handle ZwClose . According to Myng 's post , he found the keylogger in the keyboard driver when he was looking for more information on how the keyboards on certain models were backlit .
`` The keylogger saved scan codes to a WPP trace . The logging was disabled by default but could be enabled by setting a registry value ( UAC required ) , '' Myng wrote in the post .
SEE : Information security incident reporting policy ( Tech Pro Research )
After Myng initially noticed what looked like the format string for a keylogger , he began to dig deeper . However , without having an HP laptop of his own , he could n't look as deeply as he wanted to , the post said . So , he reached out to HP .
After messaging HP , the company replied to Myng and confirmed the keylogger , which he noted was actually a debug trace . A patch has since been released that removes the keylogger , but users must update their machines to get it .
HP has since launched a web page with all the relevant information for which laptop models are affected , including link to the update . The issue affects commercial notebooks , mobile thin clients , mobile workstations , and consumer laptops as well . HP users should check the list of affected devices on the web page to see if their model is listed .
Unfortunately , this is n't the first time a keylogger has been found on HP laptops . Back in May 2017 , a keylogger was found in an audio driver package present in many HP laptops , according to security firm ModZero .
While neither instance of the keylogger may have been malicious , the presence of such surveillance software could be detrimental to HP 's brand image among consumers . Personal privacy is a major concern among users , and any software that seems like it could potentially violate that privacy could drive users away .
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
A built-in keylogger was found in a huge number of HP laptops by security blogger Michael Myng , also known as ZwClose . Found in the keyboard driver , the keylogger saved scan codes to a WPP trace , but it was disabled by default , Myng reported in his post . HP users should check the list of affected machines on HP 's web page for the keylogger , and follow the necessary steps to update their machine .
Stay informed , click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cybersecurity Insider newsletter . Subscribe
Also see
Have your say
The vinyl revival has given classic rock a new lease of life .
Records by the greats are never out-of-print but unfortunately new fans are unable to see the greats on stage .
Between retirement , break-ups and the Grim Reaper , the chances of seeing the big names live are few and far between .
Now , however , Blackpool Opera House is able to offer something almost as good as the real thing .
The critically acclaimed Classic Rock Show returns to the UK in the New Year with a date in the resort on February 3 .
Paying tribute to many of the world 's all-time guitar greats the show will celebrate the work of legendary names such as Jimi Hendrix , Jimmy Page , Eric Clapton , Angus Young , Brian May , Joe Walsh , Paul Kossoff , Peter Green and Pete Townshend .
A spokesman said : “ The show is performed with note-for-note precision , bringing the original iconic and era-defining recordings back to life on stage with a sound and light show to match .
“ Anthem after anthem , riff after riff , solo after solo , the Classic Rock Show takes you on a musical journey through two-and-a -half hours of foot-stomping fun , culminating in a show-stoppping guitar duel that is definitely not to be missed .
“ It is a gem of a rock show and a sore throat is guaranteed . ”
* Tickets are available on 0844 844 0444
KIEV , Ukraine ( CBS News/AP ) — Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko , who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine ‘ s capital , strolled into a news conference that authorities called Wednesday to discuss the investigation of his death . They revealed that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot .
“ I 'm still alive , ” Babchenko , 41 , told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than a day after police reported he had been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment building .
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko , a strong critic of the Kremlin , was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday , found bleeding there by his wife and died on the way to the hospital . Kiev 's police chief said he suspected the journalist was killed because of his work .
Details of the sting operation were not clear , including why authorities decided to go to such lengths to make it look as if Babchenko was dead . The head of the Ukrainian Security Service said the suspected organizer of the alleged hit plot was detained Wednesday , suggesting the bogus killing was aimed at flushing him out .
Babchenko apologized to his wife , who he said was not briefed on the scheme in advance , “ for the hell she had to go through in the past two days . There was no choice there , either . ”
The astonishing turn of events brought harsh criticism from Russia and the international media advocacy group Reporters Without Borders .
The journalist group 's director , Christophe Deloire , expressed on Twitter his “ deepest indignation at the discovery of the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services . It is always deeply dangerous for states to play with the facts . ”
RSF expresses its deepest indignation after discovering the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services , this new step of a war of information . It is always very dangerous for a government to play with the facts , especially using journalists for their fake stories . https : //t.co/XwwbepYsjc — Christophe Deloire ( @ chrisdeloire ) May 30 , 2018
The group told CBS News that the staged murder was “ distressing . ”
“ While the reappearance of the reporter may be a great relief , it is deeply regrettable that Ukraine 's authorities have played with the truth , no matter their motive , ” the group said .
Konstantin Kosachev , head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament , compared Ukraine 's allegations to Britain 's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and his daughter in England . Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and his daughter , Yulia Skripal .
“ The logic is the same – to defame Russia , ” Kosachev told the state news agency Tass .
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko 's injuries or made his wife believe he was dead .
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko 's reported slaying . He then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room .
To applause and gasps , Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan .
“ I 'm still alive , ” he said . “ I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague . I 'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way . ”
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal , Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $ 40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit . The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman , Gritsak said .
The man allegedly paid to organize Banchenko 's killing was detained Wednesday , he said , showing a video of the arrest .
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services . The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives , including 300 AK-47 rifles and “ hundreds of kilos of explosives , ” to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine , he said .
Babchenko said he was not allowed to go into the details of his false death . He said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on his head for two months . He said he was approached by the Ukrainian Security Service , or SBU , a month ago .
“ The important thing is my life has been saved and other , bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted , ” he said .
Also Wednesday , another prominent critic of the Kremlin said Russia was abusing an Interpol system of warrants that caused him to be briefly detained in Spain . Bill Browder , a U.S-born investor based in London , said he was in the Spanish capital of Madrid to share evidence with prosecutors on money laundered in the southern European country by Russian criminal gangs .
Babchenko , one of Russia 's best-known war reporters , fled the country in February 2017 . He spoke and wrote about needing to leave Russia because of threats against him and his family . He said his home address was published online and the threats he received were made by phone , email and social media .
Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin . His flight from Russia came several months after he wrote in a Facebook post that he was n't sorry members of a military band and state television journalists died in a plane crash on their way to Russia 's military base in Syria .
Several Russian lawmakers said at the time that Babchenko should be stripped of his citizenship over the comment , and Russian state media called him a traitor .
Ilya Ponomarev , a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine , said Babchenko continued being threatened after he settled last fall in Kiev , where he worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station .
Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously , Ponomarev said Wednesday before the fact that the slaying was staged came out .
Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuri Lutsenko lashed out Wednesday at Ukrainian politicians and civil groups who accused the government following Babchenko 's faked assassination of allowing contract killings to happen .
Hours before pretending to have been fatally shot , Babchenko wrote on Facebook that he narrowly escaped death exactly four years ago when the Ukrainian military refused to take him on a helicopter heading to the front line in eastern Ukraine . The aircraft was shot down minutes later .
“ I was lucky , it was my second birthday , ” he wrote Tuesday .
Gritsak , the security service chief , ended his remarks Wednesday congratulating Babchenko on his “ third birthday . ”
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
The East Baton Rouge metro council is expected to get an update from a Baton Rouge Police Department spokesman on the status of the officers involved in the shooting death of Alton Sterling , as well as an update about the 911 call from that night from EMS officials .
CHEYENNE -A new analysis from the University of Wyoming shows hunting , fishing and wildlife viewing activities made a significant impact on the state 's economy in 2016 . Data show that hunters , anglers and wildlife watchers spent an estimated $ 788 million in Wyoming , with the total economic importance up to $ 1 billion in business activity .
“ Hunting , fishing and wildlife watching are all good economic drivers for the state . It 's a significant amount and is very impactful on the people of Wyoming , ” David ‘ Tex ' Taylor said , University of Wyoming professor in the Department of Agricultural and Applied Economics , and lead on the analysis .
The 2016 data also showed that wildlife-related activities account for an estimated 9,600 jobs in Wyoming , with a total labor income of $ 262 million . These jobs are those directly connected to wildlife , but also those in the service and hospitality industries .
“ The impact is important for the workforce . Imagine if 9,600 jobs were missing from the state 's economy . We 'd notice , ” Taylor said .
The $ 788 million analysis is lower than the last estimate of $ 1.1 billion , conducted by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service ( USFWS ) in 2011 . The discrepancy is attributed to errors in the USFWS report and a small angler sample size that was used in that year 's report .
To improve upon the last analysis , several local sources of data were used to document spending related to wildlife activities including Wyoming Game and Fish Department license sales data , harvest surveys , USFWS reports , and other economic studies on Wyoming . 2016 is the most recent year from which all of the data is available .
Taylor says this analysis also shows the economic diversity of the state , and that these types of activities have the potential to generate more dollars and jobs . This supports data made available from Governor Matthew Mead 's Task Force on Outdoor Recreation which also illuminated the potential for further growth in the outdoor industry for Wyoming .
“ Thanks to U.W . and Dr. Taylor for doing this analysis . We believe that the economic information is a reminder that wildlife contributes to our quality of life here in Wyoming and it creates jobs , ” said Scott Smith , deputy director of Game and Fish .
By Kennedy Kaitano
The remarks by presidential aspirant Dr. Joyce Teurai Ropa Mujuru while trying to sell her candidature for the country 's top job exposes her weaknesses . She indeed tells the nation that all she is interested in is becoming the next President of Zimbabwe .
Among the arguments she advances for her suitability as President are that she has a good relationship with the same instruments of mass suppression in the uniformed service who are loyal to Mugabe and Zanu PF and will thwart the transfer of power to a legitimately elected government . She misses the point there , because the decision to deny people of the electoral choice is made within Zanu PF . Once the decision is made within the rank and file of Zanu PF , the army , police and CIO will only act on the instruction of Zanu PF .
I see Dr. Mujuru is trying to employ the same terror tactics used against the opposition by Zanu PF , where the electorate are threatened with all sorts of things if they voted for the opposition , and that is an unwanted culture in a democracy . In a way , Dr. Mujuru is using language that will encourage army Chiefs to refuse to accept a legitimately elected President other than herself or Mugabe or any other Zanu PF who participated in the war of liberation . Instead , she should be appealing to the army commanders to respect the people 's choice in the 2018 elections .
The other “ strength ” that Dr. Mujuru believes she has over other candidates is that the new farmers will be assured that they will not lose their land in a post Mugabe era . Again , most political parties , including Zanu PF and the MDC-T , have noted with concern that there is some land acquired under the fast track programme that is being underutilised , and that a land audit has to be carried out . Unfortunately for Zimbabweans , the ruling Zanu PF are busy fighting each other and have dragged in all government departments into their internal party battles , hence a land audit under Zanu PF is something unexpected . Does Dr. Mujuru want to allow the multiple farm owners who grabbed land ahead of the ordinary citizens to continue to hold on to their loot ? Is she really for a productive agricultural system , or she simply wants to hoodwink those who got farms that they are not using productively so that they support her presidential bid ?
It kills the spirit of unity for Dr. Mujuru to start talking about what she perceives as the shortcomings of other potential candidates that way .
My personal analysis is that the MDC-T has the biggest following among the opposition parties , and should be allowed to provide the Presidential candidate for the Coalition . I have argued before that there are certain voters who will not vote for Coalition leader who is not their preferred candidate , across all opposition parties , hence the greatest loss for the coalition if it finally comes to life will be experienced if the coalition does not choose a candidate identified by the party with the biggest support base .
Dr. Mujuru should be reminded that the most important thing that should happen first is for the Coalition to win more votes against Mugabe , and the chances of that happening are higher when the opposition parties field a candidate from the party with the biggest following . If she really loves a Zimbabwe and is free from the dictatorial rule of Zanu PF , she should still be in a position to talk sense into the rougue elements in the uniformed service to accept a legitimately elected government , and with the knowledge she has from the many years that she has been in Zanu PF , join forces with other opposition parties and pro-democracy groups in Zimbabwe to pile pressure on SADC , the African Union and the United Nations to consider sending a peace keeping mission to the country before , during and after the elections .
President Trump is trying to put more muscle into his campaign slogan of `` Buy American and Hire American '' and is preparing to sign an executive order Tuesday aimed at strengthening existing government policies to support domestic products and workers .
Trump is expected to sign the order during a visit to the Snap-on tool company in Kenosha , Wis .
`` The capability of the American middle class to make things and keep them running has been at the base of our nation 's strength since its founding , '' Snap-on CEO Nicholas T. Pinchuk said in a statement . `` We believe the President 's visit emphasizes the need to nurture such manufacturing strength . ''
The `` Buy American '' portion of the executive order calls for stricter enforcement of laws requiring the federal government to buy American-made products when possible . Administration officials complain that those laws have been watered down over the years and often are sidestepped with government waivers .
`` Buy American '' provisions also may run afoul of free trade agreements , though the White House wants to conduct a full review before seeking adjustments to those trade agreements .
The `` Hire American '' part of the order aims to crack down on what the administration calls `` abuses '' of government guest-worker programs . The biggest target is the H-1B visa program , which is designed to help technology firms fill jobs requiring special skills but which critics say often is used to replace American workers with lower-paid foreign competitors .
`` The H-1B visa program is commonly discussed as being for when employers have a labor shortage , '' said Daniel Costa , director of immigration law and policy research at the Economic Policy Institute . `` The reality of it is that employers are not required to recruit and try to hire U.S. workers before they hire an H-1B worker . ''
The government issues 85,000 H-1B visas annually . In recent years , many of those visas have been snapped up by outsourcing firms that offer low-cost IT support to American corporations .
`` A very big share of the visas are actually going to IT outsourcing companies , '' Costa said . `` We do know that many of the companies that have this business model are the ones that are paying the lowest wages to H-1Bs . ''
The executive order calls on the departments of Commerce , Labor , Homeland Security and State to more strictly police the visa program . It also proposes changes , such as awarding H-1B visas to guest workers with the best skills and highest potential wages , rather than through a random lottery as is done now .
`` The latest data that I 've seen showed that 80 percent of the H-1Bs who were coming in came in below the local average wage , '' Costa said .
Some of the changes the White House wants would require cooperation from lawmakers .
`` There are some things that the Trump administration could do at the margins that might help clean up some of the worst abuses in the program , '' Costa said , but `` legislation is going to be required to really fix the program . ''
Although H-1Bs are the main focus of the order , other guest worker programs could also come under scrutiny .
The president himself has relied on guest workers with a different kind of visa — H-2B — to help staff his Mar-a-Lago resort , according to the Palm Beach Post . During the campaign Trump defended his use of foreign workers , saying it 's difficult to find Americans willing to accept seasonal employment .
One of the terminals at the port of Charleston in South Carolina was evacuated over a potential bomb threat from a container on a ship , the US Coast Guard said on Thursday .
“ The Maersk Memphis is currently moored at Charleston 's Wando terminal which was evacuated ( on Wednesday night ) while units from federal , state and local law enforcement agencies investigate the threat , ” the Coast Guard said in a statement .
The statement added that a joint command has been set up to oversee the coordinated response , reports Efe news .
The Coast Guard later tweeted that “ a safety zone has been established around the vessel while law enforcement authorities investigate the threat . ”
In another tweet , the Coast Guard confirmed the Maersk Memphis threat was “ active ” and an investigation “ was ongoing by unified command in Charleston ” .
Transcript for Sweet find as 50,000 honey bees colonize Ohio garage
Yeah me . Yeah yeah . OK . It 's . C and . OK. Good . Yeah . It 's . Yeah . Oh . It . Or . Yeah . Oh . Okay . It 's a . And and .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Starbucks has a new product that it hopes will hook coffee lovers : a credit card .
The card , launched Thursday with JPMorgan Chase and Visa , comes as Starbucks struggles with slowing growth in the U.S. With the new card , Starbucks wants to lure those who are n't yet signed up for its rewards program . The Seattle-based company has more than 14 million Starbucks members in its rewards program in the U.S. , but it is working to grow that number because members tend to stop by its shops more often for coffee or snacks .
The Starbucks Rewards credit card has a $ 49 annual fee and lets cardholders earn free Starbucks drinks and food with purchases they make at the coffee chain and elsewhere . Cardholders will be enrolled into the Starbucks rewards program .
Branded credit cards , like the Starbucks one , have been popular for decades since they help strengthen customer loyalty . Ride-hailing company Uber , for example , launched a credit card last year .
Starbucks Corp. said it also plans to launch a prepaid card in April with Chase for those who do n't want a credit card or ca n't qualify for one .
———
Contact Joseph Pisani at http : //twitter.com/josephpisani
BOSTON ( AP ) — A Massachusetts pharmacist convicted of mail fraud and racketeering in connection with a deadly meningitis outbreak is set to be sentenced .
Prosecutors in Boston 's federal court will ask a judge Wednesday to sentence Glenn Chin to 35 years in prison for his role in the 2012 outbreak that killed 76 people and sickened hundreds .
Chin was cleared in October of second-degree murder charges , but convicted on dozens of other counts . Chin ran the now-closed New England Compounding Center 's clean rooms , where the drugs were made .
The outbreak was traced to mold-contaminated steroid injections .
Chin 's attorneys are asking for about three years behind bars . They say there 's no evidence Chin caused the drugs to become contaminated and have blamed the pharmacy 's co-founder , Barry Cadden .
Cadden is serving a nine-year prison sentence .
NIAGARA FALLS , N.Y. ( AP ) — The aerialist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda is preparing for a stunt that will have her hanging by her teeth from a helicopter over Niagara Falls .
Thursday morning 's performance comes on the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda 's televised high-wire walk over Niagara Falls .
Plans call for Erendira ( AR'-en-deer-uh ) Wallenda to be tethered by her waist as she performs a series of maneuvers on a hoop suspended from a helicopter 300 feet ( 91 meters ) above the water . At one point she 'll hang from her toes . At another , her teeth .
The Wallendas say the stunt will break a height record Nik Wallenda set in 2011 when he hung by his teeth 250 feet ( 76 meters ) above Silver Dollar City in Branson , Missouri .
The Niagara County Legislature set aside $ 35,000 for the act last month .
Caracas , October 5 , 2017 ( venezuelanalysis.com ) – Venezuela voiced solidarity with Cuba and Nicaragua Wednesday in response to a series of US actions targeting the Latin American countries ' leftist governments .
On Tuesday , the US House of Representatives unanimously approved the Nicaragua Investment Conditionality Act of 2017 , known as the NICA Act , which would impose US economic sanctions on the Central American nation .
If signed into law , the legislation would “ instruct the United States Executive Director at each international financial institution to use the voice , vote , and influence of the United States to oppose any loan for the benefit of the Government of Nicaragua ” .
Reacting to the bill , Venezuela 's Foreign Ministry expressed its “ categorical condemnation ” of the proposed sanctions , declaring its solidarity with Managua .
“ The Venezuelan government expresses its absolute solidarity and loyalty to the noble people and government of Nicaragua in the face of this new onslaught of US imperialism , ” reads the text of the statement .
Spearheaded by right-wing Cuban-American representatives Albio Sires and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , the bill comes on the heels of a US executive order slapping Venezuela with financial sanctions in late August .
Venezuela has likewise spoked out in defense of Cuba in response to the expulsion of 15 diplomats from the country 's embassy in Washington .
This past Tuesday , the Trump administration ordered Cuba to slash its embassy staff , accusing the government in Havana of failing to protect US diplomats in the face of a series of unexplained health incidents . The move comes after Washington announced the withdrawal of all non-emergency personnel from its Havana embassy last week .
Echoing statements by Havana , Venezuela 's Foreign Ministry criticized Washington 's handling of the incident as a “ pretext ” to torpedo the normalization process between Cuba and the US .
“ The Venezuelan people and government ratify their solidarity… with Cuba in this scenario in which the US government seeks to provoke an undesirable escalation , as well as to strain and rollback bilateral relations , ” Caracas said in a communique .
The US actions targeting Cuba and Nicaragua come amid a series of increasingly aggressive steps taken by the Trump administration against Venezuela , including expanded sanctions , a blanket travel ban on Venezuelan officials in key ministries , and threats of military intervention .
Venezuela , Cuba , and Nicaragua have long been close allies , together forming part of the Bolivarian Alliance of the Peoples of Our America ( ALBA ) , a political and economic bloc uniting regional leftist and progressive governments .
By Hayden Wright
Migos released their second studio album Culture in February and its followup Culture 2 could drop as soon as this month ( via XXL ) . Culture 2 still does n't have a release date , but Quavo , Offset and Takeoff sat down with MTV News to discuss the album 's A-list guest appearances .
Related : Migos ' Offset Speaks on Cardi B 's Alleged Assault by Police
“ We got a lot of records . We got records with Ty Dolla $ ign , records with Big Sean , records with Drake , records with Travis—we gon ' keep it going , ” Quavo said .
While Culture 2 gets the finishing touches , Quavo said in a recent Beats 1 interview that he 's working on some movie scripts for the Migos crew , in the tradition of great '90s hip-hop movies .
“ I 'm a '90s baby , and all my favorite movies got all the dope artists in them , ” Quavo said . “ Juice , Menace II Society , all the Snoop Dogg movies , Master P movies , I Got The Hook-Up , Baller Blockin ' Big Tymers movies . Even Ice Cube , Cube killed it . That 's what we 're doing right now ; we 're looking into the script . ”
A plush housing development is set to boost the level of affordable properties for the over-55s .
Thirty-six mainly two-bed apartments are expected to be built as part of the new Whitburn Towers scheme in the heart of the village .
The apartments will be built on the site of the former Croftside Court residential home .
They will be gone up on the site of the former – and now demolished – Croftside Court residential home , in Croftside Avenue , which bounds Whitburn Cemetery .
Earlier this month it was revealed permission had been given for all but one tree in its grounds to be felled in preparation for an undetailed development .
Now South Tyneside Housing Ventures Trust Limited has filed a planning application outlining its proposed project .
The trust is an independent , private , not-for-profit company set up in 2013 with help from South Tyneside Council and South Tyneside Homes , the council 's house management arm .
This approach reinforces connections with the wider community and environment to help residents avoid feelings of loneliness and isolation Report detailing the project
Accommodation will be created in two separate buildings , the largest of which will have a roof garden for community projects .
A report detailing the project states : “ The starting point for the development was to look in detail at the constraints and opportunities offered by the site and to capitalise on these for the benefit of the residents .
“ Consequently , the scheme responds positively to the changes in level of the site and fully exploits the views towards the cemetery , as well as the pedestrian links to the village centre .
“ This approach reinforces connections with the wider community and environment to help residents avoid feelings of loneliness and isolation . ”
An artist 's impression of how the new Whitburn Towers development will look .
It adds : “ The design brief for the project is to provide high-quality living accommodation for those over 55 , enabling residents to enjoy the best possible quality of life .
“ This will be in flexible , supported surroundings that in turn promote a sense of community and a strong connection to the wider , external environment .
“ It is anticipated that the flexibility of the development will enable residents to remain both independent and living within their own homes for as long as possible .
“ The client requires 36 apartments to make the development cost effective . ”
An artist 's impression of how the new Whitburn Towers development will look .
The project , which will be part funded by the Homes and Communities Agency , will also boast a common room for residents and wheelchair charging rooms .
And there will be shared gardens , an extensive planting scheme to create landscaped areas of different characters , and a shared courtyard with seating , grass and shrubs .
Planners say the location 's strengths include good pedestrian links , excellent exposure to daylight and sun , and a good ‘ green ' feel , with lots of grass , shrubs and trees .
But they admit drawbacks include limited vehicular access onto Bowman Street , potential height constraints of new buildings due to existing adjoining properties , and the steepness of a slope across the site .
The public can comment on the scheme until Thursday , February 15 .
Transcript for Nashville mayor calls for gun reform in wake of Waffle House shooting
Tragedies like today should n't happen . It 's been only seven months since we had another mass shooting here in Nashville . And that is far too frequent . We need . Comprehensive gun reform to address mass shootings . Domestic shootings . Accidental shootings and homicides . If we can all just come together . For this and for the greater good we can take these weapons of war off the streets of our country . I know . That we all want to live in a safe environment that allows everyone to go to work or school and feel and be safe . We all want to live up to our greatest potential . And it 's my responsibility is the mayor of natural to try and make that happen . Clearly the victims of this shooting deserve our prayers and our thoughts . But they also deserve leaders . Who will step up and take action . And do something to get these weapons off our streets . For a moment let 's be honest about what happened . Last night innocent Nash billions . Worth terrorized . My man with an let 's be honest . Some people see these weapons . As having a purpose of terrorizing other people . It 's happening too much . Enough is enough .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Getty Image
There 's a Cleveland Cavaliers roster member who believes that Stephen Curry is n't an elite player in the NBA , but it 's not who you think . In the latest in the war of words between the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors , former Duke Blue Devil and current Cavalier bench ornament Dahntay Jones threw more fuel onto the fire by suggesting that the first unanimously-voted MVP was n't a current top-10 player in the league .
In an interview with the Mickstape podcast Jones pulled no punches into how he felt about his rating of Curry .
McCracken said Chretien 's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia 's lobbying law is `` toothless . ''
He said his only option now would be to take his complaint about Chretien to the police , a move that he 's contemplating .
`` It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar , which was that they ( the registrar ) were going to contact him and he ( Chretien ) was going to laugh in their face , '' he said in an interview .
The day before the meeting , Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about his role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners .
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he 'd market the Sydney container port to the premier , the former prime minister said he felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports .
`` He ( McNeil ) said , 'He 's for the development and he wants development in Nova Scotia , ' and he 's the premier of all Nova Scotia . And there always competition between one city and another . But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia , but he is the premier of Nova Scotia . ''
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal , as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port .
As the interview continued , Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal , and he replied : `` I hope so . ''
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port , Chretien replied , `` So what ? I 'm working for Sydney . I 'm not working for them . ''
Clarke has previously made clear there was little she could do to probe what had occurred .
`` The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists . The Registrar is not an enforcement agent , '' MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press .
A number of other provincial jurisdictions , including Ontario , and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations .
Conacher said in an interview that he 'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien 's actions to the attention of police .
`` He can say 'There 's this story , and there 's this law , can you please check into what the ( former ) prime minister 's been doing , ' '' he said .
Conacher said in most jurisdictions , commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it 's considered a crime was potentially committed . He said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system .
`` They often do the front-line investigation that police do n't have time to do , '' he said .
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $ 25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first .
McCracken said he would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after his complaint , and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward .
These include requirements such as documenting if he has lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of his client .
Nova Scotia 's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant `` in an attempt to influence '' the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government .
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is `` an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client . ''
A person who does this is required to disclose their name , address and the name of the company they 're lobbying on behalf of , and the `` subject matter '' of their lobbying and who they 've contacted .
By Michael Tutton , The Canadian Press
Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig has been suspended for one game and fined an undisclosed amount for his obscene gesture Tuesday night .
Puig made the gesture following Puig 's home run in the top of the second inning against the Cleveland Indians .
Joe Torre , chief baseball officer for MLB , made the announcement .
Puig has decided to appeal the suspension , which had been scheduled to be served tonight .
Broccoli has undergone a dramatic image transformation to be crowned Britain 's favourite vegetable in a survey from Diabetes UK .
Once the brassica suffered from seriously bad PR and was regarded by many as healthy but horrible . In cartoons and comedy sketches it was often portrayed as the prime example of food detested by children .
But in recent years media attention on the nutritional qualities of broccoli and its re-invention as a `` superfood '' have won the vegetable a legion of fans .
In the online survey of 2,000 consumers across the UK who were asked to name their favourite vegetable , 12 % voted for broccoli .
The vegetable had the biggest share of the vote , beating sweetcorn and tomato which both attracted the support of 10 % .
Surprisingly , kale emerged as Britain 's least popular vegetable , receiving only 18 votes - less than 1 % of the total .
The same poll found that strawberries were the most favoured fruit , chosen by 14 % of participants , closely followed by banana , pineapple and mango .
Dan Howarth , head of care at Diabetes UK , which commissioned the survey to promote its `` Food You Love '' campaign during Diabetes Week , said : `` Eating fruit and veg is a great way of getting vital vitamins and fibre and a much healthier snack option than reaching for crisps , cereal bars or even smoothies . They are also low in calories and super filling . ''
Regionally there were some surprises . Brussel sprouts turned out to be the most popular vegetable in the North West , while people in the North East were passionate for pineapple . Eastern England was the only region to champion the humble pea , voted for by 14 % , while Londoners appeared to be mad for mangoes .
The `` Food You Love '' campaign is aimed at persuading people to eat healthier versions of the food they enjoy .
Broccoli , or Brassica oleracea italica , hails from the Mediterranean and was first cultivated from a cabbage relative by the Etruscans , an ancient Italian civilisation . Its name is derived from the Italian word `` broccolo '' which means `` the flowering crest of a cabbage '' .
When it was first introduced in England in the mid-18th century , broccoli was known as `` Italian asparagus '' .
Broccoli is a good source of vitamin C and folate . It also contains vitamins A and K , calcium , fibre , beta-carotene and the compounds indole-3-carbinol and sulforaphane that are said to combat cancer .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government on Monday to grant him asylum instead of deporting him to a country where he believes he 'll be killed .
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles he wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused his name to end up on a hit list . Mexico is one of the world 's most dangerous places for journalism , likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq . At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year .
After coming within hours of possible deportation , Gutierrez , 54 , is now appealing that denial . The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez 's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger .
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca , Texas , Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists , though he did not make specific allegations .
`` The biggest criminal organization is the government , '' Gutierrez said . `` I 'm afraid to take one step into Mexico . ''
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims . Over a five-year period ending in September 2016 , the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000 .
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists . But Eduardo Beckett , Gutierrez 's lawyer , accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico , and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers .
`` There is no more humanity , '' Beckett said . `` The new tactic is , we 'll pressure you , we 'll keep you detained , in hopes you 'll give up . ''
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year . After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility , reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding .
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists , with about 600 enrollees nationwide . But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year , and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them . Meanwhile , high-profile killings have continued , including the death of Javier Valdez , a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state .
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste , a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua . He said his problems began after he wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua , which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas .
After receiving what his advocates called veiled threats , Gutierrez discovered his name had been placed on a hit list . So he fled north with his teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008 , seeking asylum .
He spent seven months in detention before his release in January 2009 , while his application for asylum remained pending .
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso . Instead , he supported himself by operating a food truck , Beckett said . His son , now 24 , works in a restaurant . But while in the United States , Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if he returned , he would end up like other journalists who were killed .
After nine years , a judge denied his asylum request in July , and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed his appeal in November .
His advocates say he came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of his deportation .
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday . ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency 's custody `` pending disposition of his immigration case . ''
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @ nomaanmerchant . Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report .
___
Sign up for the AP 's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas : —http : //apne.ws/2u1RMfv
DETROIT - Detroit police are investigating after a pregnant woman allegedly stabbed her mother-in-law to death late Sunday night on the city 's west side .
Police were called on Sunday night around 11:30 .
The victim is a 56-year-old woman . She was taken to the hospital but actually died from a heart attack while medics worked on her .
The suspect is her pregnant daughter-in-law who police say is Bipolar . She was also taken to the hospital for a psych evaluation .
US President Donald Trump made his first phone calls to African heads of state Monday , speaking with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari and his South African President Jacob Zuma .
Nigeria and South Africa said the calls were made at the request of Trump , who until now has said little about Africa or African issues since assuming office last month .
The telephone conversations were at the request of the US president .
The US leader reportedly invited president Buhari to Washington “ at a mutually convenient date ” and “ assured him of the US readiness to cut a new deal in helping Nigeria in terms of military weapons to combat terrorism . ”
A statement from the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity , Mr Femi Adesina stated that the “ conversation was cordial and President Buhari congratulated Trump on his election as President of the United States , and on his cabinet. ” 
The statement added that the “ two leaders discussed ways to improve co-operation in the fight against terrorism through provision of necessary equipment , ”  with Trump assuring the Nigerian leader of “ US readiness to cut a new deal in helping Nigeria in terms of military weapons to combat terrorism . ”
It further stated that Trump also commended Buhari for the strides Nigeria is making against Islamist radical group Boko Haram , and invited Buhari to come to Washington at a mutually convenient date .
President Buhari has not made any public appearances since going to London for medical treatment on January 19 .
The South Africa presidency gave very little detail about the conversation , but said presidents Zuma and Trump affirmed their commitment to the relationship between the two countries and discussed multilateral issues in Africa .
Institute for Security Studies ( ISS ) chairperson Jakkie Cilliers says it 's interesting that the conversation happened in the first place .
“ President Trump has got a transactional approach for this engagement and South Africa has a huge interest , particularly in Agoa , in whatever is going to happen in our relations with the US. ” 
Trump appears to have shown little interest in South Africa in the past , apart from tweeting that it was a mess and ready to explode . The Herald
The Fight is On ; Mayweather-McGregor “ Super Fight ” Set for August 26
by Rashad Snell
Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26 .
Mayweather , who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights , will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena . The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules .
Mayweather said “ it 's official ” on his Instagram account next to a picture of both fighters .
McGregor tweeted “ THE FIGHT IS ON ” several minutes earlier , posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather 's father , Floyd Sr .
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months . It finally came together over the last few days , and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Robert Mueller , the special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia 's role in the 2016 election , is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice , officials told The Washington Post on Wednesday .
Trump had received private assurances from then-FBI Director James Comey starting in January that he was not personally under investigation .
CEBU CITY— Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña can not close down any Banco de Oro branches in Cebu City in the next two weeks .
The Regional Trial Court ordered a status quo on the operation of the BDO until March 6 following a closed door meeting between the lawyers of the bank and Cebu City Hall as well as the mayor during the hearing on Wednesday afternoon .
Judge Gilbert Moises of RTC Branch 18 urged the parties to negotiate and reach an amicable settlement on the issue .
ADVERTISEMENT
The next hearing on the petition filed by the BDO was set on Feb. 27 .
The bank filed a petition , asking the court to compel Osmeña to act on its pending application for a business permit after the mayor announced that he would not renew the permit of BDO after he filed a case against the bank 's Magallanes-Plaridel branch for allegedly under-declaring its gross annual income in 2016 .
He also hinted that he would close down all 26 branches of the BDO in Cebu City after he ordered to put on hold their applications for renewal of business permits .
The court then issued a 72-hour temporary restraining order and then extended it until March 6 pending resolution of the petition to issue a preliminary injunction . SFM
April Ryan , who has covered the White House for 20 years , has earned respect from colleagues in government and reporters across the country . She has journalistic integrity .
But today , Ryan is defending her integrity after Omarosa Manigault , a senior advisor to President Donald Trump , “ physically intimidated ” Ryan last week at the White House and wildly accused Ryan of being a paid mouthpiece for the Clinton campaign . Ryan has vehemently denied the accusations .
Ryan , a veteran White House correspondent for American Urban Radio Networks , said Manigault got so aggressive inside the White House that Ryan thought Manigault would hit her . She also said the altercation may have needed Secret Service intervention .
“ I 'm ok now , ” Ryan told me Tuesday . “ My company is standing behind me . I 'm at work ; I 'm doing my job and I 'm not going anywhere . And I will not be bullied . ”
Ryan told The Washington Post that Manigault was face-to-face with her outside of press secretary Sean Spicer 's office last week .
Ryan said Manigault also told her that the White House has assembled “ dossiers ” of negative information on her and other African-American journalists . She said Manigault sent her an email in October accusing her of being “ a paid Clinton surrogate . ”
Sources say Ryan 's company , American Urban Radio Networks , warned the White House they may consider suing Manigault for slander and defamation of character .
“ This could end up in court , ” the source said .
Ryan 's run-in with Manigault comes as the Trump administration is waging an all-out war on the media , or as the White House calls it , the “ opposition party . ”
White House strategist Stephen Bannon has taken direct aim at journalists .
“ The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for a while , ” Bannon said in an interview with The New York Times last month .
“ I want you to quote this , ” Bannon said . “ The media here is the opposition party . They do n't understand this country . They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States . ”
This is an administration that lies and will not apologize ; they make up “ alternative facts ” and obscure the truth ; they spread falsehoods about their perceived adversaries with no regard for how their fabrications will impact the people involved .
The Trump administration spent its first full day in office arguing with the media about crowd sizes from Trump 's inauguration .
“ Photographs of the inaugural proceedings were intentionally framed in a way , in one particular tweet , to minimize the enormous support that had gathered on the National Mall , ” Spicer claimed .
I 've known Ryan for more than 15 years and she is a fierce White House reporter and a mother of two young daughters . She commutes from Baltimore to Washington , D.C. every morning and she believes in the power of prayer .
Asked if she believes that Trump 's aides will be fighting with the media over the next four years , Ryan said : “ I do n't know , but I will certainly be here to cover this administration . ”
Several times during the day and sometimes at night , 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling .
She 's a shade under five feet tall , slight , maybe 120 pounds . He 's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully .
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $ 100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone .
First she glides a lift over top of Alex , places colour-coded straps around his body , and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling .
She then pushes him : to bed , from bed ; to the toilet , from the toilet ; to a lounge chair , from a lounge chair , to his wheelchair , from his wheelchair .
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair , and when he slumps a bit too far , his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up . That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs .
“ I used to say , only age is a number , ” says Jeong Suk , her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent .
“ But now , ” she says about her struggles , “ the age is right . ”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day , and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha , friend Michael Kerr , and personal support workers , the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman .
“ I always talk to him now , ‘ Before I die you have to . . . ' ” Jeong-Suk says but can not finish because her face bows in tears .
Alex Cha , 48 , is lowered to his bed by his mom , Jeong Cha , 78 , and guided by his sister , Jin Cha , at their north London condominium on Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 . ( MIKE HENSEN , The London Free Press )
Alex , who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage , is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility .
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list . Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways .
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list . If there are 50 people on the list , chances are you 're waiting 50 years to get the support you need .
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently , with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago , a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky .
The lawsuit seeks $ 100 million in damages for negligence , claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ ad hoc , inconsistent and unreasonable manner . ”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie , and Newbury to Stratford .
If you 're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities , you qualify for a personal support worker . Even in this category , there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help .
If you 're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs , you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region .
If you 're an adult , not a youth or yet a senior , you have even dimmer prospects .
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they do n't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available .
“ The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community . This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training , ” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions .
“ We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals , client characteristics or wait list data . ”
Last year , Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario 's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy . At the time , there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province .
In the South West LHIN , London 's Participation House has 40 spaces available , and 60 to 90 on the waiting list .
That 's where Alex would like to go .
The brief outline of Alex 's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House , then raised the issue in the legislature . Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter , but acknowledged Ontario 's disabled residents need more help .
At the news conference , Alex 's sister and tireless advocate , Jin Cha , spoke for an allotted two minutes .
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family 's challenges , in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities , like her brother .
“ Alex has a sharp brain but he 's trapped in that body , ” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother .
Born with cerebral palsy , Alex was an active person for a long time . But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth , and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage .
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after , Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him . They put a stair glide , porch lift and grab bars in the home to help .
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House .
Over the next 13 years , Alex suffered more falls , including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord , the loss of almost all mobility , and the threat of one more fall killing him .
The family sold their home , and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment .
Jin lives in the same building , with her nephew , whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care .
“ We do try to focus on the positive , ” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears . She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother , tease him and confirm with him what she 's saying .
The doctors , the personal support workers , the people she 's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind , she says .
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work . Jin is the organizer . She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises . Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections , toileting ( with 64 photographs and instructions ) , extra clothes to show where they are kept , getting him out of bed ( 37 photographs with instructions ) , washing routine ( 23 pages ) and breakfast ( five pages ) .
“ He can not direct his own care . He ca n't verbally tell someone something . ”
A full-time teacher , Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules , doctor 's appointments , regular blood tests and other chores . She 's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list .
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month , although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April .
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit . On Sundays , she rushes to church and back while the family helps .
The rest of the days , suffering from arthritis herself , Jeong-Suk has to do Alex 's physio and massages , wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals , brush his teeth , turn him so he does n't get bed sores , scratch him when he 's itchy , shower him and on and on .
“ I ca n't get her recharged . She does n't know what that is , ” Jin says .
As her mother ages , Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care .
“ We are a private family , but we ca n't keep quiet anymore . We do n't have a voice . ”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press , including his discharge documents from Parkwood .
“ Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine ( bathing , dressing , grooming , toileting ) and feeding . ”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care , with seniors .
Alex is not a senior . He spends hours online at night communicating with others .
“ He has a sharp brain . Everything works . He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he 's funny , ” Jin says , turning to smile at him and tap his knee .
When he was told he had to live in a seniors ' home , Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor .
Jin starts to cry when she explains why .
“ What he 's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home . It 's a death sentence . It 's like I 'm choosing my mom 's life over his . ”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex , typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand , his right , on his computer .
The thought of going to long-term care : “ I rather die if I have to go there . I really need help . ”
But the note contains humour as well .
“ My family members ca n't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes . ”
In a short visit at his home , Alex 's humour often breaks through his damaged body .
It 's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive .
“ It 's not your fault , ” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family . “ I 'm just trying to be a voice for you . ”
Alex tries to say something . I love you , perhaps .
“ We 'd come and visit you every day , ” Jin promises .
Alex roars in laughter , reacting the same way every adult would at that thought .
“ Oh God , ” he says .
rrichmond @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on the accident involving a train carrying lawmakers to a policy retreat in West Virginia ( all times local ) :
1:55 p.m .
The organization that 's hosting a retreat for congressional Republicans says the event will go on with an adjusted program in the wake of the train accident carrying participants to a West Virginia resort .
The Congressional Institute says the decision was made after consulting with Republican leaders .
The White House is confirming one fatality and one serious injury after the chartered train hit a garbage truck .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says there are no serious injuries among members of Congress or congressional staff .
___
1:15 p.m .
A congressman on the train involved in an accident on its way to a GOP retreat in West Virginia says three lawmakers who are doctors tended to crash victims .
Rep. James Comer of Kentucky says the collision destroyed a garbage truck , leaving it `` just in pieces . ''
Comer says Reps. Larry Bucshon of Indiana , Roger Marshall of Kansas and Brad Wenstrup of Ohio came to the aid of crash victims before emergency personnel — including a transport helicopter — arrived .
The train was en route to a conference at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia , and hit the truck in Crozet , Virginia — which is near west of Charlottesville .
Comer says lawmakers , spouses , and aides had been on the train for about two hours when suddenly there was a crash . The impact made him jump out of his seat .
___
12:40 p.m .
An Amtrak spokeswoman says a train has come into contact with a vehicle on the tracks in central Virginia — the same area where members of Congress are reporting their train struck a truck .
Amtrak spokeswoman Kimberly Woods says there are no reported injuries to passengers or crew members after the incident that happened around 11:20 a.m. in Crozet , Virginia . Crozet is about 15 miles west of Charlottesville .
Woods says the train originated in Washington , but she could n't confirm that members of Congress were aboard .
She says local law enforcement is investigating and crews are inspecting equipment for damage .
___
12:35 p.m .
The White House is confirming one fatality and one serious injury after a chartered train carrying Republican lawmakers to a retreat in West Virginia hit a garbage truck .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says there are no serious injuries among members of Congress or congressional staff .
Sanders says President Donald Trump has been fully briefed on the matter and is receiving regular updates .
The train carrying the lawmakers hit a garbage truck south of Charlottesville , Virginia .
Lawmakers are heading to their annual legislative retreat at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia
Pentagon chief Mattis tells NATO allies to increase defense spending by year 's end or US will 'moderate its commitment '
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officers conduct a targeted enforcement operation in Atlanta , Georgia , U.S. on February 9 , 2017 . Courtesy Bryan Cox/U.S . Immigration and Customs Enforcement via REUTERS
By Dan Levine and Kristina Cooke
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - U.S. immigration authorities have detained a 23-year-old Mexican man who was brought to the United States illegally as a child but later given a work permit during the Obama administration , according to a lawsuit challenging the detention in Seattle federal court .
His lawyers say this could be the first time under U.S. President Donald Trump that a person covered by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA , has been taken into immigration custody . The program was established in 2012 by Democratic President Barack Obama to allow those brought to the country while young to attend school and work .
Ethan Dettmer , a partner in the law firm Gibson Dunn & Crutcher and one of the lawyers representing Ramirez , said he is not aware of any other DACA recipient who has been arrested . `` We are hoping this detention was a mistake , '' he added .
The man detained , Daniel Ramirez Medina , was a “ self-admitted gang member , ” said Rose Richeson , a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , in a statement . `` ICE officers took Mr. Ramirez into custody based on his admitted gang affiliation and risk to public safety . ”
Richeson declined to elaborate further on how ICE established the man was a member of a gang .
Dettmer said Ramirez `` unequivocally denies '' being in a gang .
`` While in custody , he ( Ramirez ) was repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation , '' said Dettmer . `` The statement issued tonight by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is not accurate . ”
Ramirez , who has no criminal record according to court papers filed in his case , was taken into custody last week at his father 's home in Seattle by ICE officers .
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
In an interview with ABC News last month , Trump said his administration was devising a policy on how to deal with people covered by DACA , without indicating any concrete plans . `` They are here illegally . They should n't be very worried . I do have a big heart . We 're going to take care of everybody . We 're going to have a very strong border , '' Trump said at the time .
According to the lawsuit , which was filed by Harvard Law School Professor Laurence Tribe and other prominent attorneys , officers went to the home to arrest the man 's father . Court documents do not make clear why the father was taken into custody .
Ramirez , now detained in Tacoma , Washington , was granted temporary permission to live and work in the United States under DACA in about 2014 , according to the lawsuit , and his status was renewed in 2016 . Reuters viewed a document attached to the lawsuit that appeared to confirm his DACA approval .
The program protects from deportation 750,000 people who were brought to the United States illegally as children , sometimes called `` dreamers . ''
Trump , a Republican who took office on Jan. 20 , has promised a crackdown on the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States , most of whom come from Mexico and other Latin American countries .
Although the reasons for Ramirez 's arrest are in dispute , a move against DACA recipients would represent a significant broadening of immigration enforcement under Trump .
Reuters could not independently confirm whether other DACA recipients have been detained since Trump took office .
Ramirez filed a challenge to his detention in Seattle federal court on Monday , arguing that the government violated his constitutional rights because he had work authorization under the DACA program , his lawsuit said .
Ramirez was in custody and unavailable for comment .
A BROKEN PROMISE ?
Another of Ramirez 's lawyers , Mark Rosenbaum of the legal advocacy group Public Counsel , characterized the DACA program as a promise from the federal government 's executive branch that DACA recipients would not be targeted for deportation and said he hoped that promise would not be broken .
Emily Langley , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Seattle , said the Justice Department is still reviewing the case .
Under 2014 guidance from the Obama administration , someone would be a deportation priority for gang activity only if they had been convicted of an offence in connection with the gang , not for gang affiliation alone , although there was room for discretion on the part of immigration officials . Reuters could not determine whether gang members who had not committed crimes were deported during Obama 's tenure .
NEW HAVEN — Runners and walkers alike will have the opportunity to enjoy their sport while raising money for students , when the Wahama Scholarship 5K Walk/Run for Education is held Oct. 14 .
Early registration is now being accepted for the event , which will begin promptly at 8 a.m. , rain or shine , at the New Haven Fire Station .
Founded by Dr. Wes and Amanda Lieving , proceeds from the event are used to provide scholarships for Wahama High School seniors . The run generates about $ 6,000 annually , which supplements the approximately $ 40,000 given in scholarships by businesses and organizations , according to Bernita Allen , one of the organizers .
The race route will begin on Fifth Street at the fire station . It will proceed along Route 62 to Layne Street , continue to the end of the street , and then return to the fire station .
Several prizes will be awarded , including one to the overall winner , as well as prizes in various age divisions . Two senior students will be guaranteed scholarships from the run . The first senior to cross the finish line will receive one , and the senior who encourages the most people to register for the race will receive the other . Each registration form includes a line on which to place a senior 's name . The winner will be determined by the senior whose name appears the most .
Following the run , all participants and sponsors are invited to attend a free pancake breakfast inside the fire station .
The registration fee is $ 20 , and participants are asked to register by Oct. 11 . Registration will also take place on the day of the event , starting at 6:30 a.m . The first 100 to register will receive a free t-shirt . Checks should be made payable to Wahama Scholarship 5K .
Forms are available at the New Haven and Mason libraries , New Haven and Mason city buildings , Farmer 's Bank in Mason , and Bob 's Market . They can also be e-mailed .
Allen said anyone unable to walk or run the route is also invited to register to help fund the scholarships , or to sponsor a senior . Business sponsors are also still being accepted .
For more information , or to have a registration form e-mailed , contact Allen at 304-674-6650 or by e-mail at bandjallen @ frontier.net , or Amanda Lieving at aflieving @ yahoo.com .
The Wahama Scholarship 5K Walk/Run for Education will be held Oct. 14 , 8 a.m. , at the New Haven Fire Station . Prizes will be awarded to the overall winner , as well as winners in various age divisions . Pictured is the start of last year 's race . http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2017/10/web1_10.7-PPR-Race-1.jpg The Wahama Scholarship 5K Walk/Run for Education will be held Oct. 14 , 8 a.m. , at the New Haven Fire Station . Prizes will be awarded to the overall winner , as well as winners in various age divisions . Pictured is the start of last year 's race .
Annual scholarship walk/run returns Oct. 14
By Mindy Kearns Special to the Register
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing , email her at mindykearns1 @ hotmail.com .
Mindy Kearns is a freelance writer for Ohio Valley Publishing , email her at mindykearns1 @ hotmail.com .
Jason McCoy has n't forgotten how hard it was to get noticed on the national and international radar of country music .
So , when the host of Sunday evening 's Country Music Association of Ontario Awards gala at Centennial Hall takes the stage , he knows the importance of the awards to the province 's country music stars .
“ When I was coming up , there was no association focused entirely on Ontario and it was very hard to get that national attention , it was tough , ” said McCoy in a telephone interview .
IF YOU GO What : 2018 Country Music Association of Ontario Awards gala , hosted by Jason McCoy When : Sunday , 7:30 p.m. Where : Centennial Hall , 550 Wellington St. Tickets : $ 55 ( CMAO members ) , $ 65 regular , and $ 260 for VIP ( all tickets , add taxes , fees and service charges ) , available at Centennial Hall box office , online at centennialhall.london.ca , or by calling 519-672-1967 or 519-672-1968 .
“ These awards give everybody starting out a place to play to the bigger industry audience . ”
And the frontman for The Road Hammers — nominated for album of the year ( The Squeeze ) , songwriter of the year and the coveted fans ' choice award at the gala — said music fans wo n't find a better ticket deal than attending the gala with a lineup of some of the country 's best country music stars .
The awards gala includes performances by Michelle Wright , who is receiving the prestigious Impact Award , McCoy , Cold Creek County , Meghan Patrick , Niagara Falls native Tim Hicks , multi-genre musician Tebey and the country swing ensemble Western Swing Authority .
“ If you 're a country music fan , I think it 's really one of the greatest country music shows in Canada and it 's an intimate setting , just great , ” said McCoy .
The weekend awards celebrations begin Friday with the annual Softball Challenge at Labatt Park where the province 's country music stars — including Aaron Pritchett , the members of Buck Twenty and Cold Creek Country , Dani Strong , London 's Genevieve Fisher , Sarnia 's Eric Ethridge , Jason Blaine , and McCoy — gather for a friendly game .
“ I 'm not really a sports type of guy , but I 'll be there for comic relief , ” said McCoy , noting for a $ 5 donation , fans can see the game , interact with their favourite artists and support several charities , including the Unison Benevolent Fund , which provides counselling and emergency relief services to the Canadian music community , Kidsport London and the CMAOntario .
“ The cool part is everyone gets away from the busy life of music and we get to spend a little time with each other and interact with the fans , ” McCoy said . “ It 's also interesting for all those super fans who come out to see these artists in a very different light . Country music is all about family and that 's what the atmosphere 's like for the fans and the artists . ”
Following the game , music fans can head over to Rum Runners for Songs and Stories at 9:30 p.m. where Blaine , Dan Davison and Ryan Langdon will play their songs and tell the stories behind them .
“ I really enjoy that event , ” said McCoy . “ It 's cool to do it but also to just attend as a writer because you never really know the stories that inspired those songs . ”
Tickets to Songs and Stories , which will be hosted by Canadian Country Music Hall of Famer and guitar icon Wendell Ferguson , are $ 15 , available at the door at 176 Dundas St , online at londonmusichall.com , or by calling 519-432-1107 .
One event not to miss this weekend — and it 's free — is the New Faces Showcase and Concert at Covent Garden Market Square on Saturday beginning at 7 p.m. , featuring several up-and-coming performers and headliner Meghan Patrick .
On Sunday afternoon , the association celebrates some of Canadian country 's greatest stars at the Legacy Revival with several performers , including Wright , at the Aeolian Hall 's Bishop Cronyn Memorial Place , 442 William St. , starting at 2 p.m. Tickets are $ 28 in advance or $ 30 ( cash only ) at the door , available at the Aeolian Hall box office 795 Dundas St. , online at aeolianhall.ca , or by calling 519-672-7950 .
jbelanger @ postmedia.com
2018 Country Music Association of Ontario nominees include :
Single of the year : Born to Love , Jason Blaine ; Chills , James Barker Band ; Country Music Made Me Do It , Meghan Patrick ; Slide Over , Tim Hicks ; You Me We , Genevieve Fisher
Album of the year : Game On , James Barker Band ; Homemade , Cold Creek County ; Iron and Ashes , Andrew Hyatt ; River Town Saints ; and , The Squeeze , The Road Hammers
Songwriter of the Year : Clayton Bellamy , Chris Byrne , Jason McCoy for Crazy About You , recorded by The Road Hammers ; Dan Isbell , Meghan Patrick , Jeremy Stover for Country Music Made Me Do It , recorded by Patrick ; James Barker , Gavin Slate , Travis Wood , Donovan Woods for Chills , recorded by James Barker Band ; Jessica Mitchell , Matthew Tishler for Do n't Love Me , recorded by Mitchell ; Kelly Archer , Adam Hambrick , Tebey Ottoh for Somebody Else Will , recorded by Justin Moore
Female artist of the year : Dani Strong , Genevieve Fisher , Jessica Mitchell , Meghan Patrick , Tianna Woods
Male artist of the year : Andrew Hyatt , Anthony Tullo , Jason Blaine , Tebey , Tim Hicks
Group or duo of the year : Blue Rodeo , Cold Creek County , James Barker Band , Runaway Angel , The Lovelocks , The Reklaws .
Roots artist of the year : Jessica Mitchell , Lindi Ortega , The Abrams , The Lovelocks , The Western Swing Authority
Rising star award : Andrew Hyatt , Eric Ethridge , Nicole Rayy , Shae Dupuy , The Reklaws
Music video of the year : Chills , James Barker Band ; Country Music Made Me Do It , Meghan Patrick ; Haulin ' Ass , The Road Hammers ; Homemade , Cold Creek County ; Slide Over , Tim Hicks ; Woke Up Like This , River Town Saints
Fans ' choice award : James Barker Band , Tim Hicks , Meghan Patrick , River Town Saints , The Road Hammers
Visit the website cmaontario.ca for a full list of CMAO award nominees .
The members of Balkan Beat Box made an amusing tactical mistake on one of the songs on their new album . The song is called “ Hard ... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited . Only 1 $ for the first month
CAIRO ( AP ) — An Egyptian court has referred the case of 10 alleged Muslim Brotherhood members held on terrorism charges to the country 's top religious authority , the Grand Mufti , for a non-binding opinion on whether they can be executed .
The Giza Criminal Court said Wednesday the 10 were charged with belonging to a terrorist group and planning attacks against the state .
The verdict , set for March 10 , can be appealed . The judge could also rule independently of the Mufti .
The Brotherhood won a series of free elections after Egypt 's 2011 uprising , and a senior Brotherhood figure , Mohammed Morsi , was elected president in 2012 .
A year later , the military overthrew Morsi amid mass protests against his rule . Authorities have since arrested thousands of Brotherhood members and branded it a terrorist organization .
LONDON — Regulators in Guernsey and in Singapore have opened an inquiry into Standard Chartered over the transfer of about $ 1.4 billion by clients with links to the Indonesian military .
Standard Chartered , which is based in London but does most of its business in Asia , conducted an internal review of the transactions and self-reported them to regulators , a person with knowledge of the investigation who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said on Friday .
The Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the Monetary Authority of Singapore are investigating the transfer , a potential blow to Standard Chartered 's reputation as it seeks to turn around its prospects under William T. Winters , the chief executive .
Photo
Since joining the bank in 2015 , Mr. Winters has hired additional workers for the compliance division and bolstered efforts to identify financial crimes .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The transfer of funds to Singapore from accounts held in Guernsey in the second half of 2015 , first reported by Bloomberg News , came before Guernsey moved to comply with stricter disclosure requirements meant to increase transparency . The links to the Indonesian military also raised flags , the person with knowledge of the investigation said .
Standard Chartered ceased operations last year in Guernsey , a British dependency with financial and political autonomy . Guernsey and other Channel Islands have long been used as offshore tax havens .
Transcript for Government Ethics Office asks White House to investigate Conway
Amid growing questions about the trumped teens ties to Russia from senate Republicans . Deep concern . Obviously there 's . Administration that is significant disarray . As far as . National security is concerned . Top Republicans like senate majority leader Mitch McConnell say it 's quote highly likely the senate will investigate Michael flames conversations with Russian officials but some Republicans . I 'm more reluctant that seems to have resolved itself with the White House thinking . Some decisive action . Congressman Jason she fits the chair of the house oversight committee vigorously led the investigation into Hillary Clinton 's emails but says he has no plans to investigate flames ties to Russia . We 've been asked him for months of basic oversight but our chairman Jason chases . Has not lifted one finger . Changed its is however investigating whether White House counselor Kellyanne Conway cross the line by promoting me Barça trumps brand on television I fully admitted to scale back in the pre commercial here and go quiet everybody this as chief its demands answers into these pictures the president and the Japanese prime minister at mar Alando huddling with advisors after learning in North Korea launched a missile club members witnessing it all summer posting pictures on FaceBook raising security questions . The look at Mara lot go you 'll look at Kellyanne Connolly and they bond them ran but not at the trump teams ties to Russia . At this point I am . Holding out all my options Mary Bruce ABC news Washington .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Here are this week 's listings of who has been in court and what for ...
Pub attacker in court
A MAN who damaged a pub door and assaulted a man has appeared before a court .
Peter James Westworth , 38 , of Threefields , Ingol , Preston , was given a curfew after admitting assault and criminal damage .
Preston Magistrates ordered him to pay £310 compensation to the man he assaulted and £200 compensation to the Old Vic pub .
He must also pay an £85 surcharge and £150 prosecution costs .
• CHORLEY : A sex offender has been given four weeks in prison suspended for two years after breaching notification requirements .
Christopher Manson , 53 , of Southport Road , Chorley , did not notify authorities he had contact with a child , and failed to register a new address or notify police he stayed at an address where a child was present .
• PRESTON : James Terrence Lowry , 27 , of Caroline Street , Preston , was jailed for eight weeks after admitting stealing meat from Lidl .
Preston magistrates said he had a “ flagrant disregard ” for court orders , and ruled the theft was aggravated by his record .
He must pay a £115 surcharge .
• PRESTON : A man who breached a restraining order has been jailed for 14 days .
Leon Anthony Halsall , 32 , of Hawthorne Road , Preston , admitted contacting his victim . He must pay a £115 surcharge and £85 costs .
• CHORLEY : A woman who assaulted a girl and a woman has been ordered to do 100 hours of unpaid work .
Barbara Lightfoot , of Derwent Road , Chorley , admitted two counts of assault during a hearing before Preston Magistrates ' Court
The 51-year-old must pay £100 of compensation to one of her victims , the bench ruled .
• PRESTON : A shoplifter who racially abused a man is expected to be sentenced at Preston Crown Court tomorrow .
Alan James Neville , 52 , of Mill Lane , Fulwood , stole £101.42 of booze from Sainsbury 's , and used racist abuse towards a man there on November 26 , putting him in breach of a suspended jail term .
• Hesketh Bank : James Gelling , 29 , of Hampton Road , Southport admits causing damage to a house in Hesketh Bank , a transit tipper and a police locker and must pay £100 compensation and £150 costs .
Paramedics confirmed the deaths of two men around the ages of 40 and 50 who were seriously injured in a car accident on Route 40 in the Negev Desert .
Medical staff are treating 5 additional injured persons , including a woman of about 40 who was very seriously injured , a woman of about 50 who was moderately injured , and 3 additional persons who were lightly injured .
The Latest on migration issues in Europe ( all times local ) :
2:05 p.m .
Aid groups say the recent spike in Mediterranean migrant rescues corresponds with improved weather conditions and the looming start of beefed-up Libyan coast guard patrols that could block migrants from reaching Europe .
Over Easter weekend , rescue ships plucked some 8,360 people from 55 different rubber dinghies and wooden boats off Libya 's coast . Thirteen bodies were also recovered . While such numbers are not unusual , they come as Italy is due to deliver patrol boats to Libya in coming weeks as part of a new EU-blessed migration deal .
An International Organization of Migration spokesman says smugglers are telling customers : `` You have to hurry up and leave the country right now because otherwise in a couple of months you will be rescued by the Libyan coast guard and you will be sent back . ''
———
12:30 p.m .
German authorities say there were 169 violent offenses against homes for asylum-seekers last year , almost as many as in 2015 , though the figures sank as the year progressed .
The Federal Criminal Police Office said Tuesday that the number of violent offenses compared with 177 the previous years .
In all , authorities counted 994 offenses against asylum shelters in 2016 , a little below the previous year 's 1,031 . The police office said that most of them had a far-right motive .
Justice Minister Heiko Maas wrote on Twitter that the figures were `` deeply shameful . ''
Germany saw a huge influx of asylum-seekers and other migrants in late 2015 and early 2016 . That tailed off about a year ago , and the number of crimes targeting asylum homes declined over the course of the year .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) — Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission has called on the government to institute protective measures for some 400 Guatemalans living in unsanitary conditions in a makeshift camp near the border .
The Guatemalan families fled through the jungle to Mexico in early June as Guatemalan police and soldiers moved in with a judge 's order to remove them from a forest reserve where they had lived for years .
The rights commission said in a statement Wednesday that the camp in the community of El Desengano in Campeche state needs medical services to protect against outbreak of contagious disease .
The Guatemalans are demanding that their government allow them to return to their homes . Human rights organizations that visited the community of Laguna Larga last week said many homes had been burned .
Customers will have option of refunds or cancelling contracts
More than 8700 Optus customers who paid for unobtainable NBN speeds will be compensated , the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ( ACCC ) has announced .
Optus has previously indicated it would compensate some customers who purchased fibre to the node ( FTTN ) and fibre to the building ( FTTB ) NBN services .
The NBN speeds encountered by end users with FTTN and FTTB services can vary greatly depending on factors such as the quality and length of the copper wiring used to connect a household , and in the case of FTTN the distance from a node .
The ACCC said that 48 per cent of the 5430 Optus customers who purchased 100/40Mbps FTTN services between 1 September 2015 and 30 June 2017 could not achieve those speeds — and 21 per cent could not even achieve 50/20Mbps with their connections .
Around a quarter of the telco 's FTTN customers on 50/20Mbps NBN plans could not achieve 50/20Mbps , while 3 per cent of 25/5Mbps services were not capable of those speeds .
The majority of customers who will be compensated were connected via FTTN ; only around 433 FTTB customers paid for unachievable speeds .
Today 's announcement follows the news in November that some 42,000 Telstra FTTN and FTTB customers will receive compensation due to the slow speeds they received .
Vocus , whose brands include Dodo and iPrimus , has said it may also have to compensate customers . TPG has previously indicated it would be discussing the issue with the ACCC .
“ Optus is the second major internet provider we have taken action against for selling broadband speeds they could not deliver to their customers , ” ACCC chairperson Rod Sims said today .
“ Worryingly , many affected Optus FTTN customers could not even receive the maximum speed of a lower-tier plan . This is a concerning trend we have seen throughout the industry and we are working to fix this . ”
According to the figures released by the ACCC , 3 per cent of the Optus FTTN customers on the top 100/40Mbps NBN speed tier could not even achieve 25/5Mbps .
“ Optus supports greater transparency on broadband speeds and is taking a number of measures to improve quality of experiences for our customers , ” a spokesperson for the company said .
“ Optus acknowledges that it did not have the appropriate procedures in place to confirm the speed of the NBN service at the time of purchase by affected customers .
“ We apologise to customers who have been affected by this error and are putting a process in place to rectify this issue . ”
Optus revealed it had also recently purchased additional CVC capacity , which can improve performance for end users on the NBN .
“ Labor welcomes steps by Optus to compensate customers who have been sold speeds which their copper NBN infrastructure can not deliver , ” shadow communications minister Michelle Rowland said in a statement .
“ On every measure , Malcolm Turnbull 's copper NBN experiment has become a liability . ”
`` Consumers and small businesses are stuck in a lotto in terms of what speeds they can receive , and taxpayers have been left with a dud network that costs more and does less , ” Rowland said .
The ACCC said that Optus had provided it with a court-enforceable undertaking that outlines a range of remedies including refunds , shifting speed tiers , discounts , and the ability to exit a contract without a termination fee .
Optus will be contacting customers “ on or before 2 March 2018 , ” the ACCC said .
“ Affected customers should carefully consider the remedies Optus is offering them to assess which best suits their needs . In some cases , consumers may consider it preferable to simply exit their contract with a refund rather than accept a service that does not meet their needs , ” Sims said .
Optus has committed to checking the speed potential of a line within four weeks of connecting a customer to a new NBN plan .
The ACCC has launched an assault on retail service providers ( RSPs ) over their marketing practices . It recently announced that UK company SamKnows will implement a broadband speed monitoring program that will focus on NBN services .
The competition and consumer watchdog has called for telcos to provide details of broadband performance including such as the actual minimum speed during typical busy periods .
NBN chief Bill Morrow has indicated he will consider publishing internal data revealing the theoretical maximum speeds for households but has called on RSPs to release the data to consumers .
NBN recently paused its activation of services based on hybrid fibre-coaxial ( HFC ) due to performance issues .
Photo
WASHINGTON — K. T. McFarland , who was a deputy national security adviser in the Trump administration and then was picked to serve as ambassador to Singapore , withdrew her ambassadorial nomination on Friday after it had stalled in the Senate .
Ms. McFarland 's nomination had become embroiled in the controversy over the Trump campaign 's contacts with Russian officials , with some senators left wondering if she had answered questions deceptively when asked if she knew of discussions between Michael T. Flynn , the former national security adviser , and a Russian ambassador .
“ Unfortunately , some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post , ” President Trump said in a statement released Friday by the White House . “ I wish K. T. the best as she uses her considerable wisdom and skill as a commentator to explain to the American people how to make American foreign policy great again . ”
Senate Republicans could have approved her nomination unilaterally , but the fact that it was never brought to a vote suggested that she had made even some of them uneasy .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. McFarland was a member of the Trump transition team and then became Mr. Flynn 's deputy on the National Security Council , where she ruffled feathers with her intense partisanship .
Montreal 's health authority says 11 people have now died from complications related to the hot and humid weather .
Another four deaths have been reported in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal , with officials expected to provide an update later today .
Meanwhile , the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area is calling on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency .
Urgences-sante says it has been inundated by the volume of calls since a heat wave enveloping Eastern and Central Canada settled in for an extended stay over the weekend .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
On the precipice of not qualifying for the World Cup for the first time since 1986 , Bruce Arena 's squad takes on Panama in a must-win game in Orlando in the US 's penultimate Hex game .
It 's time to Rep Ya Hood ! The Source TV is calling out to all cities and neighborhoods that have some realness to offer the culture . What makes your neighborhood stand out , does it breed the country 's dopest artists ? Have it 's people created movements that pushed the culture forward ?
We want to examine what makes your city special from a Hip-Hop perspective . Take us on a journey of your “ hood highlights ” and introduce us to your city 's most influential people , places and things .
For those interested ( filmmakers and artists ) , please submit a 3-5 minute video expose of your community , showcasing its story and impact on the culture . We are putting the creative freedom in your hands with this one !
To submit , please upload your video file here .
A few guidelines :
-Must be 3-5 min in length
-Must provide details on what makes your neighborhood special
-Must include 1-2 historical facts about the city/neighborhood
-Must include 16 bars from a top rapper in your neighborhood
-No guns , violence , contraband , nudity , or profane/disrespectful language
-All submissions must contain contact information at the end of the video ( this will not be shared publicly )
SI TV is n't a live streaming service like ESPN+ , but rather a video on demand service with Sports Illustrated studio shows , sports films and documentaries . It will also feature ongoing weekly sports analysis shows like The Crossover , Planet Futbol and The Line .
`` Launching this app provides sports lovers with even more opportunities to access SI TV 's programming , so whether they go direct or though pay TV providers like fuboTV we offer consumers even more ways to tap into the vast options of SI TV 's original and acquired documentaries , shows and movies that have broad appeal , '' said SI TV 's Josh Oshinsky in a statement . `` Our strategy is to keep finding ways to bring SI TV to consumers however and wherever they want to watch . ''
The Generation adidas Cup , one of the premier competitive youth soccer tournaments in North America , returns with 19 MLS Under-17 teams in action ( players born on or after Jan. 1 , 2001 ) .
The 11th edition kicks off with regional qualifying featuring MLS teams split across three different regions ( East , Central , West ) . Qualifying matches in each region will take place over 2017 Columbus Day weekend and 2018 President 's Day weekend ( win = 3pts , PK shootout win = 2pts , PK shootout loss = 1pt , loss = 0pts ) .
The top teams from each group will advance to face international competition in the 2018 Generation adidas Cup Finals at Toyota Stadium in Frisco , Texas .
East Region
Team Pts W L D ( PK Wins ) GF GA GD Atlanta United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 D.C. United 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 New England Revolution 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 New York City FC 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 New York Red Bulls 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Orlando City SC 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Philadelphia Union 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Date Match Time Location Field Oct. 6 , 2017 PHI vs. ATL 11 am ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 6 , 2017 DC vs. ORL 1:30 pm ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 6 , 2017 NE vs. NY 4 pm ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 7 , 2017 ORL vs. NYC 11 am ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 7 , 2017 ATL vs. DC 1:30 pm ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 7 , 2017 PHI vs. NE 4 pm ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 9 , 2017 ORL vs. PHI 11 am ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 9 , 2017 ATL vs. NYC 1:30 pm ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1 Oct. 9 , 2017 NY vs. DC 4 pm ET Talen Energy Stadium Field # 1
Central Region
Team Pts W L D ( PK Wins ) GF GA GD Chicago Fire 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Colorado Rapids 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Columbus Crew SC 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 FC Dallas 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Houston Dynamo 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Toronto FC 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Date Match Time Location Field Oct. 6 , 2017 TOR vs. HOU 9:30 am ET KIA Training Ground Field # 2 Oct. 6 , 2017 DAL vs. CLB 12 pm ET KIA Training Ground Field # 2 Oct. 6 , 2017 COL vs. CHI 2:30 pm ET KIA Training Ground Field # 2 Oct. 7 , 2017 DAL vs. HOU 9:30 am ET KIA Training Ground Field # 2 Oct. 7 , 2017 TOR vs. CHI 12 pm ET KIA Training Ground Field # 2 Oct. 7 , 2017 CLB vs. COL 2:30 pm ET KIA Training Ground Field # 2 Oct. 9 , 2017 COL vs. DAL 9 am ET KIA Training Ground Limonta Oct. 9 , 2017 HOU vs. CHI 11 am ET KIA Training Ground Limonta Oct. 9 , 2017 TOR vs. CLB 1 pm ET KIA Training Ground Limonta
West Region
Team Pts W L D ( PK Wins ) GF GA GD LA Galaxy 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Portland Timbers 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Real Salt Lake 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 San Jose Earthquakes 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Seattle Sounders 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Sporting Kansas City 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
The fall is a busy time for birthdays in the Ball family . LaVar Ball and Lonzo Ball celebrated theirs in late October , LiAngelo Ball turned 19 in November and Tina Ball takes her turn with her 50th birthday on Dec. 11 .
To celebrate the occasion , the Lady Baller 's boys posted to Instagram in support of “ the greatest woman out there . ”
Happy birthday to the greatest woman out there . Love you momma❤️ A post shared by LiAngelo Ball ( @ gelo ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 7:42am PST
Happy Birthday Momma Love You 💕 A post shared by LaMelo Ball ( @ melo ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 7:12am PST
We at LonzoWire would also like to extend our birthday wishes to Tina . Without her , we would n't be here , either !
Yesterday Guido revealed how an anti-Semitic conspiracy theorist ran a stall at Labour conference . He is now under investigation by the party…
Today it emerges Tapash Abu Shaim received a tour of Parliament given by none other than Jeremy Corbyn . Jez tweeted to Shaim to say it was “ a pleasure ” showing him and other Palestine Solidarity Campaign members around . Shaim and Jez still follow each other on Twitter . Jez is a patron of PSC ; sources tell Guido Shaim is a high-ranking member . It 's surprising Shaim was only in the exhibition hall and not on the conference stage…
Four months before he met Corbyn in Parliament , Shaim posted on Facebook “ 9/11 Truth could be the answer to the Israel/Palestine conflict ” , along with a link to an article to Veterans Today , a far-right US website which publishes anti-Semitic conspiracy theories .
Jez gave a personal parliamentary tour to a man promoting anti-Semitic material online…
Shhhh.Alexa will stay calm during Amazon 's Super Bowl ad
Amazon 's Super Bowl ad repeatedly features the default trigger word for its smart speaker , but acoustic fingerprinting tech will keep most nearby speakers from activating when it runs Sunday night .
Still no headphone jack.Apple to repair iPhone 7s with 'no service ' bug for free
iPhone 7 owners have been complaining about a problem where devices would show `` no service '' despite being within signal range , and now Apple has confirmed the issue . The company blamed a component failure affecting a `` small percentage '' of devices and said it would repair them for free .
Say it ai n't MAME.The 'King of Kong ' could be stripped of his high score
Just days after video game high score champ Todd Rogers was stripped of his Dragster title for mathematically impossible times , the man who was the Donkey Kong king for almost 20 years has also come under scrutiny . Billy Mitchell 's 2010 high score for Donkey Kong has been called into question on a Twin Galaxies dispute forum by Jeremy Young , the moderator of Donkey Kong Forum ( DKF ) .
Pay a little less , get a little less.Microsoft offers cheaper Surface laptops with lower specs
If you 'd like to get Microsoft 's PC hardware but it 's a bit too expensive , there may be a solution . Microsoft has started selling a version of its Surface Laptop that starts at $ 799 , down from the previous cheapest version that cost $ 999 . It has 128GB of storage , 4GB of RAM and only comes in one color . There 's also a new Surface Book 2 variant that costs $ 1,199 , which is $ 300 cheaper than the previous base unit and includes half as much storage ( 128GB ) .
Friends & family.Mercedes ' updated A-Class introduces individual car sharing
This entry-level Mercedes will be the launching point for three new features . The voice-centric infotainment system , MBUX , that we demoed at CES , an extended blind-spot assist that 's on for three minutes after a car has been parked to watch for approaching cyclists and a new casual , private car-sharing feature via its Mercedes Me app .
The next small thing in aerial photography.DJI Mavic Air review
The Mavic Air comes packed with sensors , a high quality camera , onboard storage and flies like a dream . The hardest decision might well be what color to get it in .
But wait , there 's more ...
The Morning After is a new daily newsletter from Engadget designed to help you fight off FOMO . Who knows what you 'll miss if you do n't Subscribe .
Craving even more ? Like us on Facebook or Follow us on Twitter .
Have a suggestion on how we can improve The Morning After ? Send us a note .
Many APIs will be deprecated , making it so they no longer work for developers of third-party apps . The Events API will no longer allow apps to RSVP to events for you , and two analytics tools will no longer offer app event metrics or exports from the analytics app . Third-party apps will also no longer be able to publish posts to Facebook for you via the Facebook Login API . Apps that currently have those permissions will only be able to do so until August 1st . Additionally , developers wo n't be able to use the Graph API to pull the name and bio of users that comment on posts on Instagram anymore ; usernames and comments will remain , however .
Apps that publish to Pages via the Live API will be restricted to approved partners only . Developers have until the 1st of August to apply to the approved partner system . This will be required to keep publishing live and video on demand to Pages . Apps in development mode will have their call limits set to 200/page/app/hour , as well . Development apps will also only have access to info on admin , developer or tester users . Organic targeting , based on gender and language will also be deprecated for posts made with a third-party app . Some age-gating will still be allowed in a limited way . Apps wo n't be able to attach their name or logo to images in Messenger . Developers will also no longer be able to call for information on where photos were tagged , effective immediately .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) — The Pittsburgh Penguins ' Stanley Cup championship , the first an NHL team has won back to back in almost 20 years , spawned by far the biggest victory parade of any of the franchise 's five titles .
An estimated 650,000 people turned out along a downtown parade route that ended with a rally at Point State Park , city public works and public safety officials said Wednesday . A sunny day with temperatures in the 80s did n't hurt , as the smell of sunscreen was as pungent as the Penguins ' love in a city that boasts , officially , only 305,000 residents .
“ These guys are fierce competitors , ” coach Mike Sullivan told the crowd from a stage in the triangular park formed by the confluence of the city 's three rivers . “ They just know how to win . ”
Roughly 400,000 fans attended last year 's celebration , which was the biggest for any of the team 's Stanley Cup championships to that point .
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6 . And judging from signs and chants from the crowd , this championship was sweetened by the adversity the team overcame .
Playoff MVP and Penguins captain Sidney Crosby was knocked out for the better part of two games with a concussion against the Washington Capitals , and the Penguins played without their best defenseman , Kris Letang , who had neck surgery before the playoffs .
As the players took the stage to PPG Paints Arena announcer Ryan Mill 's introductions , fans also learned that Ian Cole , another defenseman , played through a broken hand and broken ribs . And Nick Bonino , who broke his leg blocking a shot but still finished Game 2 of the finals before missing the rest , hobbled around on crutches while taking selfies with fans .
A couple of bittersweet story lines punctuated the festivities : 40-year-old veteran Matt Cullen , who has won two Cups since joining the Penguins as a free agent last season , has hinted he might retire , prompting fans to chant , “ One more year ! ” And , perhaps the best story of the playoffs was how former starting goalie Marc-Andre Fleury regained that job when rookie Matt Murray was injured during warm-ups in the first game of the playoffs . Fleury was in net for nine of the 16 victories the Penguins needed to win the Cup before Murray returned from injury to replace Fleury after a shaky third-round game against Ottawa and was in net for Pittsburgh 's final seven playoff wins .
Fleury , one of the most popular Penguins with fans and teammates , is likely to leave when the new Las Vegas franchise drafts its players or in an offseason trade .
Phil Kessel , another fan favorite since the Penguins acquired him from Toronto two seasons ago , drew some of the biggest cheers .
Fan Kristen Pearce , of Green Bay , Wisconsin , drove down to honor Kessel , a Wisconsin native , and was lucky enough to have him autograph her jersey and her sign , which read , “ We drove from Wisconsin to see our Stanley Cup champion ! ”
Some fans lined up the night before , and most waited several hours for the parade to start .
Karla and Don Donahue drove 30 miles from Freeport to claim their seats in Point State Park at 2:30 a.m . This was the third victory parade for the Donahues , who also attended in 2009 and 2016 .
Karla Donahue said if they are n't at the games they 're watching on TV .
“ If we 're somewhere else , it 's on the radio , ” she said . “ We have n't missed a game in years . ”
The Penguins also won the Cup in 1991 and 1992 . They became the first team to repeat as champions since the Detroit Red Wings did it in 1997 and 1998 .
—
This story corrects the first name of a Penguins player to Nick Bonino .
Comments
comments
“ Become very cool to vote Labour – in my opinion there are quite a few shy Tories who are voting Labour as it is seen to be cool ” @ ToffTalks pic.twitter.com/tzT32kEO2e — BBC This Week ( @ bbcthisweek ) 19 October 2017
Georgia Toffolo won ITV 's I 'm a Celebrity last night . She is a sworn Tory and politics fan ; here she is discussing the Conservatives on BBC 's This Week . Guido is beginning to think it was a mistake not to hire her as an intern…
UK Secretary of State for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport Matt Hancock has admitted that improving Britain 's trade links post-Brexit is an important reason why the British Government is backing Birmingham hosting the 2022 Commonwealth Games .
Staging the Games is costing £750 million ( $ 1 billion/€850 million ) with the UK Government contributing up to 75 per cent of that amount .
They have admitted that helping forge closer trading relationships with countries from the Commonwealth after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019 was one of the main motivations for supporting Birmingham 2022 .
The English city was awarded the Games in December after the decision by the Commonwealth Games Federation ( CGF ) in March 2017 to take them away from Durban after the South African city failed to meet a series of financial deadlines .
`` The Games will boost regeneration in the area and it will drive an outstanding cultural programme , reaching out to the Commonwealth whilst telling the story of one of its most vibrant cities , '' Hancock wrote in a blog for the GCF .
`` Sporting events are n't just about what takes places on the pitch , the track or in the pool .
A trade expo held before the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham will be a chance for Britain to establish new trade links with competing countries ©Wikipedia
`` They also present a fantastic opportunity to spark new trade relationships and forge new trade deals .
`` We are committed to building strong and enduring trading partnerships with our friends across the Commonwealth .
`` As part of this mission , there will be a major trade Expo before the Birmingham Games and a major programme to build business links with Commonwealth nations .
`` The Expo , and the Commonwealth Games , will be an important milestone in the rich and vibrant history of the city .
`` This is Birmingham 's chance to show its place as the heart of the UK and the soul of the Commonwealth , as it brings together athletes and supporters from across the world .
`` It will be about more than the Games , but have a wider mission . ''
EATON , Ohio ( AP ) — Court records show that an Ohio man who told police he killed his son with a hatchet during a confrontation has been charged with aggravated murder .
Fifty-eight-year-old Gabriel Schaaf , of Lewisburg , is scheduled for an initial appearance Wednesday in Eaton Municipal Court . He also faces a tampering with evidence charge .
Schaaf was arrested last week after investigators found his DNA beneath 29-year-old Jonathan Schaaf 's fingernails .
Police say Gabriel Schaaf called 911 in December and reported having found his son 's body in their home about 30 miles ( 48 kilometers ) west of Dayton .
The Dayton Daily News reports Schaaf told investigators his son was holding a rifle when he was killed .
Court records do n't indicate whether Schaaf has an attorney .
Comments
comments
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Damian Lillard knew better than to underestimate the Los Angeles Clippers without newly traded star Blake Griffin .
Sure enough , the Clippers made a run in the fourth quarter but the Portland Trail Blazers won 104-96 on Tuesday night .
`` Your mind could be trapped into thinking you do n't think they have it , '' said Lillard , who scored 28 points .
CJ McCollum added 16 points and Jusuf Nurkic had 14 points and 18 rebounds for the Blazers , who ended a seven-game skid against the Clippers while winning their third in a row .
Portland shot just 37 percent from the floor , but rode a big third quarter to its third straight win .
`` The third quarter was great , '' Blazers coach Terry Stotts said . `` At both ends of the floor we moved the ball . The offense was efficient . Defensively we were on point . The third quarter was the best part of the game . ''
The Blazers shot 47 percent in the third , when they outscored the Clippers 30-16 led by Lillard 's 10 points .
Griffin was dealt to Detroit in a stunning move on Monday , leaving Los Angeles where he had played his entire career .
`` It was definitely tough to see him go , '' said DeAndre Jordan , who had 18 rebounds for the Clippers .
Lou Williams scored 20 points off the bench for the Clippers , who made a run in the fourth after they trailed by 20 .
Montrezl Harrell scored 11 of his 15 points early in the period and then Los Angeles scored 10 straight points to get to 100-94 .
But the Clippers were limited to one field goal in the final 2 minutes .
OFFENSIVE BOARDS
The Blazers outrebounded the Clippers 59-50 , including an 18-9 edge on the offensive glass . `` When they win the offensive rebounds , they win the game , '' Clippers coach Doc Rivers said .
LOU WILL
Williams has scored 20 or more points off the bench in 13 straight games , tying Bubbles Hawkins for the second-longest such streak since bench stats were first tracked in 1970-71 .
TIP-INS
Trail Blazers : Lillard has scored 20 or more points in five of his last seven games against the Clippers . ... They improved to 7-17 against LA since the 2011-12 season .
Clippers : F Danilo Gallinari returned to the lineup after missing 19 games with a left glute injury . He had 15 points . `` It will come in time , rhythm , touch and shots . Everything will come , '' he said . ... Williams got a technical in the fourth . ... Dodgers CF Joc Pederson attended .
UP NEXT
Trail Blazers : Host the Bulls on Wednesday in the second game of a back-to-back .
Clippers : Host Chicago on Saturday in the first of two meetings this season .
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
It comes on the same day Uma Thurman alleged the movie mogul assaulted her .
British police investigating Harvey Weinstein have received two further allegations of sexual assault , Scotland Yard said .
A woman alleged the disgraced movie mogul assaulted her in Westminster in 2011 while a separate alleged incident took place outside the UK .
Reported to police in November but only now made public , it brings the total number of women who have reported Weinstein to British police to nine .
View photos Uma Thurman made separate claims in a New York Times article on Saturday ( Dominic Lipinski/PA ) More
News of a ninth alleged victim comes on the same day Kill Bill star Uma Thurman alleged the former Miramax founder assaulted her in a London hotel room around the release of Pulp Fiction in 1994 .
Officers have now received 14 separate allegations of sexual assault on dates ranging from the 1980s to 2015 . Three are said to have taken place outside of the UK .
A spokeswoman for Scotland Yard said : “ On 13 November an allegation was received that the man sexually assaulted a woman ( Victim 9 ) in Westminster in 2011 and outside the jurisdiction of the UK in 2010 .
“ The second allegation will be passed to the relevant police force in due course . ”
Scotland Yard did not name Weinstein but confirmed officers from Met 's Child Abuse and Sexual Offences Command are investigating allegations of sexual assault from nine victims under Operation Kaguyak .
Police in the UK first confirmed they had opened an investigation into Weinstein in early October after Merseyside Police received an allegation of sexual assault in the London area in the 1980s , and referred it to Scotland Yard .
British actress Lysette Anthony said she had told the Metropolitan Police she was attacked by Weinstein in her London home in the late 1980s .
On October 31 last year an alleged eighth victim told UK police she had been assaulted by Weinstein in the Republic of Ireland . The allegation has been passed onto Irish police .
Officers in New York and Los Angeles have also opened investigations into allegations made against the movie mogul .
On Saturday US actress Thurman , 47 , claimed the disgraced film producer had assaulted her following the release of the Weinstein-funded movie Pulp Fiction in 1994 , and also recalled a second incident in which it is alleged he threatened to derail her career .
She told the New York Times Weinstein tried to push her down and shove himself on top of her and attempted to expose himself .
“ He did all kinds of unpleasant things , ” she said . “ But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me . You 're like an animal wriggling away , like a lizard .
“ I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track . My track . Not his track . ”
Thurman said she told Kill Bill and Pulp Fiction director , and close friend of Weinstein , Quentin Tarantino about the alleged incident and the filmmaker confronted Weinstein at the Cannes Film Festival in 2001 .
Hours later The Miramax co-founder apologised to Thurman , she said .
“ I just walked away stunned , like ‘ ok , well there 's my half-assed apology ' , ” Thurman says .
Following the first alleged assault , she said Weinstein sent her flowers , with a note telling her she had “ great instincts ” .
The revelations come after she previously suggested on social media she had a Weinstein story to tell in the wake of dozens of allegations against the movie mogul , including from some of Hollywood 's biggest stars
Three Florida women and their families are living out the real-life version of “ The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants ” -- a book-turned-movie about best friends who share a pair of jeans -- with a dress they affectionately call “ the little blue dress . ''
The women , Jody Gleason , Anne Reynolds and Joyce Johnston , who all live near West Palm Beach , have been best friends for more than 40 years .
They have shared everything in their lives , including the blue dress that has been worn by their children and grandchildren on the first day of school since the 1980s .
Jody Gleason
The dress was first purchased by Joyce Johnston 's mother at a Polly Flinders store in Lantana for Johnston 's daughter , Nicole , to wear on her first day of school in 1981 .
“ My mother was always a snazzy dresser so she bought this dress and gave it to Nicole to wear on her first day of school , ” Johnston , 67 , who lives in Lantana , told ABC News of the less than $ 10 dress .
When Nicole was done with the dress , Johnston passed it on to Gleason for her daughter , Colleen .
“ It was just a cute dress and she looked cute in it so I had Colleen wear it on her first day of school in 1987 , ” Gleason said , adding that Colleen , now 35 , just received her doctorate and donned a doctoral robe that , by chance , had stripes the same color as the blue dress .
Gleason returned the dress to Johnston , who in turn gave it to Reynolds , who dressed her daughter Allison , now 31 , in it for her first day of school in 1990 .
Anne Reynolds
Joyce Johnston
“ We were friends that shared everything -- child care , outgrown clothes , ” Reynolds said . “ At this point , Colleen had worn the dress and the logical thing was to pass it down to Allison , who is a few years younger . ”
Reynolds , 61 , held onto the blue dress and passed it down to her granddaughter , and Allison 's niece , LilaAnne , now 10 , who wore the dress in 2011 .
The dress was then returned to Johnston , who watched as her granddaughter , and Nicole 's daughter , Katie , wore it in 2014 .
“ My mother would be so proud of her dress , ” Johnston said . “ She would never have thought the dress would go through so many hands . She would just say , ‘ How cute is that ? ' ”
The blue dress has hung in Johnston 's home since Katie wore it in 2014 .
Johnston 's 11-year-old grandson , Andrew , told her if he has a daughter one day , he 'll let her wear the dress on her first day of school .
Before that , Reynolds has two more granddaughters who will be ready to wear the dress in a few years and Johnston 's daughter has a niece who will also soon be old enough to wear “ the little blue dress '' to school .
“ They 're endearing , all these wonderful traditions , ” Johnston said . “ I think they 're fading in today 's families and you just have to keep them going .
“ It 's so important to look back and see where you 've been and where you are now and what the future holds . ”
VILLANOVA . The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early . The Wildcats knew they 'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents . Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them , both saying this week they will remain in the draft .
MARYLAND . The Terps knew they 'd be without Justin Jackson after he signed with an agent . The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some , but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft , leaving Maryland without its top two players . At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando , who decided to return for his sophomore season .
STANFORD . Reid Travis ' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft . That should have been good news for the Cardinal , but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them , Travis announced he would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer .
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON . The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return . The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program 's first Sweet 16 since 1997 .
BOSTON COLLEGE . The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson , the ACC 's second-leading scorer , opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft . His return would 've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program 's first NCAA bid since 2009 . The good news : Ky Bowman , the ACC 's top returning scorer , decided to withdraw from the draft .
UCLA . The Bruins lost one of the nation 's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March . UCLA 's big loss was offset , at least to a degree , by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood . The Bruins are still waiting for freshman forward Cody Riley to announce his decision .
KANSAS . The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent . But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced he will return for his junior season instead of remaining in the draft .
MICHIGAN STATE . The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early . Michigan State received good news this week , though , when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing .
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh , North Carolina , contributed to this report .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Marshall , The Associated Press
In fact , Mr. Trump 's approval of the release of the memo and his comments that releasing it could make it easier for him to fire Mr. Rosenstein could help Robert Mueller , the special counsel , prove that Mr. Trump fired James B. Comey , then the F.B.I . director , with a “ corrupt ” intent — in other words , the intent to wrongfully impede the administration of justice — as the law requires .
After all , Mr. Trump is now aware that he is under investigation for obstruction , and he knows that Mr. Comey said that Mr. Trump wanted “ loyalty ” from him . Mr. Mueller could argue that the president 's comments that Mr. Rosenstein was not “ loyal ” and his desire to fire Mr. Rosenstein suggest Mr. Trump 's unlawful intent when he fired Mr. Comey .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The memo also offers the outlines of a broader probable cause case against Mr . Page . The Nunes memo suggests that there was substantial additional evidence , even though it avoids discussing that evidence . The memo indicates that the investigation of Mr . Page began well before the warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , or FISA , was sought , and that the Russia investigation was initiated because of the statements of George Papadopoulos .
The warrant was issued and then renewed three separate times . Each time , as is standard in seeking a FISA warrant , a judge reviewed extensive information before issuing it . The fact that the warrant was renewed three times indicates that the F.B.I . obtained useful intelligence each time — a judge would n't have approved a renewal if the prior warrant came up empty . That suggests that once the warrants were issued , they revealed important evidence .
In addition , the timeline set forth in the memo indicates that the FISA warrants were submitted by both the Obama and Trump administrations . The initial surveillance began before Mr. Rosenstein was deputy attorney general , and by the time he was at the Justice Department , he approved renewal applications that were based on the intelligence gathered from the earlier surveillance — not the dossier .
On the issue of bias , whenever the Justice Department seeks a warrant , they must present extensive evidence to a judge , who decides whether to issue the warrant based on that evidence . After the fact , defendants can challenge warrants by arguing that the government recklessly excluded information that would have caused the judge not to sign the warrant .
Courts have repeatedly held that even when the government omitted the criminal history of the informant or the fact that the informant was paid , it did n't matter unless the omitted information would have caused the judge not to sign the warrant .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Nunes memo claims to show that the warrant was obtained unlawfully , but there is no way of knowing that without examining the extensive evidence submitted in conjunction with the warrant , which the memo does not do . Given that Mr. Steele was a former intelligence officer , not a flipper with an extensive criminal history , it will be hard to show that a judge would have believed he was lying if the source of his funding was included in the application .
Given how little substance there is to the Nunes memo , the Republicans made a misstep by pushing through its release in a partisan manner . The specter of an unreleased memo was more menacing than the thin allegations revealed in the memo itself , which are hotly disputed by congressional Democrats .
Although at least one Republican maintains that the memo shows that Mr. Rosenstein , Mr. Comey and others committed “ treason , ” the memo itself does not allege that the F.B.I . or Department of Justice knowingly used false information or even that the information they used was false . Because the allegations in the memo are legally irrelevant , I would be surprised if the memo was more than a short-lived publicity stunt .
This is not the result Mr. Nunes expected when his staff wrote the memo , but that could be its lasting impact .
Organ music to suit all tastes will be performed at a lunchtime recital in mid Derbyshire .
Martyn Noble , sub-organist at HM Chapel Royal , St. James 's Palace , London , will be playing in Swanwick on Saturday , February 10 .
The concert is at St Andrew 's Church and starts at 12.30pm . A light buffet will be served from 12 noon .
Tickets cost £5 including the buffet and are available at the door or in advance by calling 01773 605291 .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
“ In case no one told you today…you 're beautiful . You 're needed . You 're alive for a reason . You 're stronger than you think . You 're gon na get through this . Do n't ever give up . I love you . ”
Pick one of the above that you really need to hear today . Or pick one that you wish someone special would tell you . ( Who 's that someone ? ) Or perhaps , choose one for someone else .
Why is it so much easier to say , even in jest , “ Dude , you 're such a loser ! ” Or , “ Do n't be such an idiot ! ” As an adult , when said in jest , we might handle it fine .
But what if it 's originally from a wounding , abusive childhood , and the echoes still feel raw ? Not so easy . Or maybe it 's the words that we most fear , that we 're already telling ourselves .
Consider this : Every chance you get , verbalize the beautiful . Compliment someone . Hug someone . And be part of creating a world that keeps the good stuff going .
Transcript for Top North Korea official travels to US
robin . No new T in that again off summit with north korea.thwhite housow say it 's ctthe summio take . A top Korean official is laying the groundwork and Terry M is tracking all the back and foh . Good morning , Terry . Reporter : d morning . This morning a flurry O diplomatic activity takinglace across the globe a officials inthe U.S. And North Korea a South Korea all a scrambling toe this summit racing againse clock . It was just six days ago , remember , that President Trump called the W Thi off but nowhite house press secretary Sarah Sanders telling them we expect to take place . It could take place ached on June 12th or at later date and today Kim yng ol will plan it . U.S. And north Korean oials are planning security and other logistics . So what we ' seeing is two leaders who want to talk . Trump and kim.whe their top aides and cia , some of whom are eplykeptical on bothid they 're scrambling T lay out an agenda foreace that 's actually achievability . It is high stakes stuff . Soy tuned . Beat me to it . Was going to say that . Stay tuned . To that flooding emergency .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
SIMON Tait , ringmaster of Silvers Circus , joined Sam and Jules on Get Cereal on Saturday .
The actor and illusionist opened up about life as a former circus manager , time on the road and his favourite Aussie travel destinations .
LISTEN to the full interview below !
Silvers Circus is showing at Apex Park , Altona until March 25 , before Geelong Showgrounds from March 28 to April 15 . Tickets at silverscircus.com.au .
Image Credit : Lachlan Grey , Caloundra Herald .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — The Bronx District Attorney has moved to vacate the murder conviction of a man who has spent the last six years behind bars .
Darcel Clark says Steven Odiase was n't given a fair trial , so today he was set free . The 31-year-old Bronx man managed a faint smile as he transitioned from convicted killer to free man .
Odiase was serving 25-years-to-life until the new DA joined the defense in requesting his release from prison .
He was met with applause from well-wishers outside court Monday as he dashed off to meet his family , and is scheduled for a final exoneration hearing in June .
“ It felt really good because we 've been hurting for a long time , ” sister Kalima said . “ We 're very , very happy . ”
Clark has followed Brooklyn and Manhattan 's example of re-examining old cases for possible errors . Odiase 's attorneys have insisted he was not at the scene of a 2009 street killing , so Clark agreed to take a second look .
“ It 's important because it shows this office is committed to looking at problematic convictions which they 've done here , ” defense attorney Pierre Sussman said Monday .
In this case , the conviction was tainted by an altered police report — a so-called DD5 — given to the defense as required by law , but mysteriously redacted to hide the fact that a witness described someone who did n't look like the defendant .
He is now out , without bail , and could be clear of all charges when he returns to court in June .
This is Clark 's second conviction reversal since taking office . CBS2 's Lou Young reports that the prosecutor responsible for the original case and the altered police report is no longer with the office .
A group of former Brazilian women 's national team players have signed an open letter criticizing their federation following the dismissal of coach Emily Lima .
The group includes Formiga , who currently plays professionally for Paris Saint-Germain in France but retired from the national team last year after a record-breaking career that included every Olympic women 's tournament .
`` We , the players , have invested years of our own lives and all of our energy to build this team and this sport to its strength today , '' Friday 's letter said . `` Yet we , and almost all other Brazilian women , are excluded from the leadership and decision-making for our own team and our own sport . ''
Lima , the first woman ever to coach Brazil 's national team , was fired late last month after less than a year on the job . The team went 7-5-1 during her short tenure .
Following her dismissal , several veteran players , including Cristiane and Fran , stepped down from the team . They were among those who signed the open letter , along with Formiga .
`` Over many years we have lived and watched in despair as Brazil 's women were neglected by CBF ( the Brazilian soccer confederation ) . The events of the last week — where players ' voices were ignored , and some are now retiring in protest — is the result of a long history of lockout , '' it read . `` While some validly choose to remain inside the team and seek change from within , the fact that players have to make such a choice raises bigger issues . It has made us determined to speak out and demand change . ''
The players called on CBF to include women in leadership and decision-making positions , and to help provide a path for players to pursue coaching jobs .
Cristiane spread the letter to social media with the hashtag # hearhervoice .
`` Today I 'm posting a very important document , which I 've signed together with many legends of the Brazil team . Please join many other former national team players from around the world by supporting & sharing our request for gender equality in Brazil football , '' she said on Instagram .
The CBF did not respond to an email seeking comment .
Oswaldo Alvarez , known as Vadao , was hired to replace Lima . Vadao was the coach of the team before Lima replaced him , but he was dismissed after the Brazilians failed to reach the podium at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics .
Marta , perhaps the best known current Brazilian player , said a week ago that she did not plan to step down .
`` I will not stop playing for Brazil . Whenever they want me I will be willing to go , '' the 31-year-old five-time FIFA World Player of the Year said about a week ago . `` I am very sad , these athletes still have a lot to give . I hope the girls take it back so we can fight like we did all our lives , asking for improvements , pay rises and whatever is needed . ''
Marta plays professionally in the United State for the Orlando Pride , which is set to play Saturday in the National Women 's Soccer League semifinals against the Portland Thorns .
China defended its trade practices on Tuesday after Chinese-made vehicles were seen towing ballistic missiles during a North Korea military parade despite international sanctions against selling military hardware to Pyongyang .
Saturday 's parade honoring North Korea 's country 's founder , Kim Il Sung , came amid heightened tensions over the country 's nuclear ambitions . It featured a senior official , Choe Ryong Hae , warning of `` all-out war '' if North Korea is attacked .
Photos provided by the North Korean government showed the submarine-launched missiles being pulled by trucks bearing the logo of the Chinese company Sinotruk .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China conducts `` normal '' business with its neighbor North Korea while adhering to sanctions imposed beginning in 2006 by the U.N. Security Council .
`` China has been performing its international obligations strictly , including those stipulated in the Security Council resolution . But meanwhile , we carry on normal economic exchanges and trade with all parties including North Korea , '' Lu said .
China accounts for an estimated 80 percent of North Korea 's foreign trade , along with crucial food and fuel assistance .
A sales manager for a Sinotruck dealer , Zhongnanhai , said the company exports about 1,000 trucks to North Korea every year under contracts that specify the vehicles are designed and manufactured for civilian use .
Zhongnanhai sells the trucks to a dealer in the border city of Dandong before they are resold to North Korea , he said .
`` We fully comply with the government regulations . If they are used by North Korea for military purpose , they must have been modified by the North Korean side , '' said the sales manager , who would give only his surname , Wang .
He added that his company has `` no way to monitor and approve the use of the trucks by North Korea . ''
International observers have warned that over the past decade North Korea has become adept at circumventing the U.N. sanctions , particularly so-called dual-use equipment that has both military and civilian applications .
North Korea makes use of `` weak transshipment regulations , falsified cargo declarations and shipping documents , reflagging and disguised materials to import banned materials , '' according to a 2015 report for the European Union Institute for Security Studies .
———
Associated Press news assistant Yu Bing contributed to this report .
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for [ … ]
Transcript for High school golfer attacked by goose in hilarious set of photos
Angry base this on cases in Michigan where a high school golfer has learned the hard way you do n't want to mess amount especially to close the net . Fay is apparently just walking on the fairway I was giving you the gruesome there . They rocked by the death and did something Vanessa did something the truth about life and she came after him and gave in the business I think he scored a birdie . Wow sorry .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
the getaway A Room ( or a Ryokan , Yurt or R.V . ) With a View Travelers are swapping standard hotel rooms for new interpretations of traditional lodgings .
Image The Vipp shelter at Lake Immeln in Sweden . Credit Vipp Hotel
Vacation lodging used to mean a room with four walls in a hotel or motel . Today travelers are increasingly seeking — and easily finding — accommodations that allow them to be more in tune with their surroundings , be it a forest , a beach or a house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright .
Airbnb 's booking data for the beginning of this year suggests that more travelers are ​interested in ​spending their vacations in what the short-term rental site calls “ nontraditional​ ” spaces , particularly those that allow travelers to be or feel closer to nature . ​Bookings for nature lodges ​and ryokans ( ​ traditional ​Japanese inns ) ​have skyrocketed since last year . Reservations for yurts and recreational vehicles ( R.V.s ) have also spiked .
These are hardly new​ or nontraditional​ forms of shelter . The ryokan is​​ centuries old . Yurts have been ​used by nomads for ​decades​ . Yet it seems interest in such lodgings has prompted more ​places ​to not ​only ​offer them , but ​​reimagine them , too . The ​latest iterations ​have modern comforts and deluxe trappings even as they aim to retain some of the minimalism and spirit of their predecessors .
This year , Lakedale Resort at Three Lakes , an 82-acre property with cabins and cottages on San Juan Island in Washington state , is opening Lakedale Yurt Village , a wooded area by Fish Hook Lake with seven “ luxury yurts ” ( rates start at $ 325 a night ) , each with a pillow-top king bed and en suite bathroom , a flat-panel television , refrigerator , sleeper sofa and private deck with a hot tub , barbecue , dining set and Adirondack chairs .
Interest in yurts and R.V.s , be they rustic or ritzy , is n't surprising given the resurgence of camping , which Kampgrounds of America , one of the largest privately owned networks of campgrounds , has said is being driven by millennials . Today , companies like Tentrr allow would-be campers to book acres of private land and a fully equipped campsite with a few taps of an app or clicks on its website . And sites like Hipcamp make it easy to book lodgings like tree houses , yurts and R.V.s .
Even more so than in the case of R.V.s , new interpretations of the ryokan are at once a departure and a homage to the original .
Consider the Nobu Ryokan on the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu , Calif. Perched on the sand along the ocean , the low-slung hotel has 16 teak and ipe wood rooms ( including teak soaking tubs ) with tatami mats and sliding doors that bring the outdoors in . Rates are from $ 2,000 a night during peak periods . ( The property is currently accepting reservations for stays beginning after Feb . 9 . )
In Tokyo there 's the nascent Hoshinoya Tokyo resort , which at first blush looks like a high-rise . Yet behind the patterned metal lattice that veils the 17-story tower is a contemporary ryokan or rather , several : Each floor in the tower is designed to be like a six-room ryokan with a tatami hall and common lounges ( ochanoma ) where guests can find books , sake , teas and treats . In the rooms , there are kimonos and shoji screens . The property also has an indoor hot spring bath ( rates from about $ 480 a night ) .
Image Patterned metal lattice veils the Hoshinoya Tokyo , a contemporary ryokan reimagined in a city tower . Credit Hoshinoya
Other brands are taking a similar approach , blending old and new , East and West , resisting characterization as a single style . The Hiramatsu Hotels & Resorts , which has opened what it calls European-style ryokans — like the 13-room Atami on Sagami Bay in Shizuoka , Japan , which takes its inspiration from both ryokans and French auberges .
The Vipp hotel in Europe bills itself as an “ untraditional hotel ” as it 's really more a collection of properties in different locations . Vipp shelter , for instance , is a sleek steel-and-glass box inspired by industrial design ( think submarines and airplanes ) at Lake Immeln in Sweden ( 600 euros a night for up to two adults , or about $ 745 ) , while Vipp loft has two queen beds with a kitchen , dining and living area at the top of a 1910 printing factory in the Islands Brygge area of Copenhagen ( 1,000 euros a night for up to four adults ) . This year , Vipp is opening Chimney house in a landmark brick building , a former water-pumping station , also in Copenhagen . All of the spaces are self check-in and there is no daily housekeeping , and no amenities such as a gym or restaurant .
Additionally , new apps and websites are making it easy to discover properties that go beyond the everyday .
Take , for instance , PlansMatter , a free site that last year began offering vacation rentals and hotel rooms selected primarily for their architectural merit , with properties ranging from under $ 100 to more than $ 1,000 a night . Users can search by rentals or hotels , and also by architect — including Frank Lloyd Wright , whose artful marriage of home and landscape is as in vogue as ever . The site is simply a place to browse properties ; to book you click a link that takes you to the website of the property owner or manager , or his or her rental site page .
For example , PlansMatter has photos of and information about Wright 's 1950s Kinney House in Lancaster , Wis. , a three-bedroom , more than 1,700-square-foot house that can be rented for $ 395 a night ( two-night minimum stay required ) . If you decide to book , a link will lead you to the listing for the house on Airbnb . Other Wright houses on PlansMatter include the 880 square-foot Seth Peterson Cottage at Mirror Lake , Wis. , ( from $ 250 a night , plus a $ 30 handling fee ) , Still Bend , the Bernard Schwartz house , with four bedrooms , in Two Rivers , Wis. ( from $ 295 a night ) , and Palmer House , a three-bedroom home , in Ann Arbor , Mich. ( from $ 350 a night ) .
Stephanie Rosenbloom writes the Getaway column for the Travel section , as well as features about solo travel and notable destinations . Over the years , she has had beats in the Business , Styles , Real Estate and Metro sections . @ stephronytFacebook
Get the Travel Dispatch Newsletter Every Saturday , get travel tips , destination coverage , photos from all over the world and more . SEE SAMPLE Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services . * Required field Thank you for subscribing . View all New York Times newsletters . An error has occurred . Please try again later . You are already subscribed to this email . View all New York Times newsletters . Sign Up
G.C . Hixson , Wilson County Joint Economic and Community Development executive director , said the group recently met with a regional development company and local ownership team of retail property in Lebanon .
Hixson said the purpose of the meeting was to discuss potential public-private partnership options for project development . The group held additional conference calls , provided contacts and data leading to next meeting set for Feb. 8 .
Hixson said the group also met with Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto and a real estate official representing office and retail property in Mt . Juliet . Hixson provided community data and demographics to be used in clients marketing and presentation materials .
The group discussed the changing retail landscape and the possibility of more retail attraction to the area , including areas of Wilson County created for retail .
Hixson highlighted existing projects , including Project Giant , codename for the Amazon second headquarters project .
The company announced Nashville as a top-20 candidate last month for its second headquarters facility , dubbed HQ2 , a full equal to its Seattle headquarters .
Hixson said the group joined other counties and submitted secondary sites in cooperation with the Nashville Area Chamber of Commerce . Hixson said the group would not know about the status of those sites for a while , but the group would continue to work with the chamber to secure the project .
Hixson said a decision on Project Bond could come during the first quarter of this year .
Project Bond features a fiberglass-resin distributor that has an option on a 9-acre tract of land on the Couchville Pike interchange . The company could build a 40,000-50,000-square-foot facility on the land .
Project Truss features a company that seeks 10-15 acres with rail access for construction of truss manufacturing . The company visited potential Wilson County sites in December .
Representatives of Project Ice visited Wilson County sites in December . The company prefers to buy an existing facility between 150,000-200,000 square feet for an office , production and distribution center .
Spotify has n't had a very smooth relationship with songwriters and artists in the past . It has agreed to multi-million dollar settlements in lawsuits that alleged it did n't properly pay publishers and songwriters and in attempts to build more trust , it has limited its free streaming option and purchased a company that streamlines information on proprietary rights . Last year , Spotify also launched Secret Genius -- a songwriter-focused initiative that includes an ambassador program , playlists , podcasts and an award show .
It 's a little surprising something as simple as credits took this long , and it 's probably not as good as higher royalties , but it 's a good move -- one that Tidal also made in November -- since everyone involved in creating a song deserves to have their work acknowledged . In a statement , Annika Goldman , Spotify 's director of music publishing operations , said , `` The more we share information , the more opportunities we can help create for songwriters . This is just the beginning of making songwriter and producer credits more easily available to Spotify listeners , and we look forward to continually improving that information , in close collaboration with our music industry partners . ''
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how he viewed the car attack in Charlottesville , Va. , here 's how he responded :
`` It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute , '' he told ABC 's Good Morning America .
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect , 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday 's rally organized by white supremacists , a car slammed into counterprotesters , killing one and injuring 19 .
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts , it 's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism , because no such criminal law exists .
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism , and under this designation , the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate , said Neal Katyal , a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama 's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department .
He said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case .
`` No . 1 , this is a hate crime , under the hate crime statutes , '' he said . `` The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights . ''
`` And the third is , this is an act of domestic terror , which is n't itself a crime , '' he noted . In short , the government ca n't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism , but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect , but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with .
In an email to NPR , the Justice Department made the same point .
The commonwealth of Virginia , meanwhile , has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes .
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism . After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad .
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups , all foreign , that are identified as terrorist organizations . The vast majority are radical Islamists . And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups .
Consider this hypothetical : If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said he was acting on behalf of the Islamic State , he could be charged with international terrorism , according to Katyal .
Inside the U.S. , the political debate appears to be shifting , with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism . But that 's almost entirely a political discussion , not a legal one .
On the legal front , there 's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism .
`` It 's an incredibly broad label , '' said Hina Shamsi , director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union . `` There 's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology , theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts . ''
She said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion . The ACLU opposes any such law , believing it could be politicized and used , for example , against anti-war groups or environmental activists .
Back in 1995 , when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City , it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point .
Yet he was charged with , convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism .
The government has historically used the term `` terrorism '' as a general description for a range of violent acts , including those by right-wing extremists , as well as environmental , anti-abortion and far-left groups . But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism .
Another case came to light Monday , when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday .
The bomb did n't detonate , the department said . But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh 's attack , claiming the suspect , Jerry Varnell , 23 , was angry with the government .
The FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what 's being described as a `` domestic terrorism investigation . '' Yet the formal charge against Varnell is `` attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce . ''
Not terrorism .
FOX
Hannah Simone is just as emotional about the end of New Girl as you are .
The actress , who plays Cece , has spent the past seven years filming on-screen hijinks with the cast that includes Zooey Deschanel , Jake Johnson , Lamorne Morris , and her TV husband , Max Greenfield . For the show 's final season , Cece and Schmidt ( Greenfield ) are navigating life as new parents , saying goodbye to the indecisiveness of their twenties and maturing ( more in Cece 's case than Schmidt 's ) into actual adulthood . Fitting , since so many fans of the show have grown up with the loft-mates themselves .
And while she 's prepping to say goodbye to her first major TV role , Simone 's also looking ahead to another character that just might land her in the history books . The actress is set to play Meera , an Indian-American woman from Cleveland in the reboot of the classic superhero series The Greatest American Hero . The role will make her the first female of South Asian descent to ever don a cape on network TV .
We chatted with Simone about emotional goodbyes on New Girl , the problem with Apu and other South Asian characters on TV , and how to really play True American .
What 's it been like saying goodbye to the show ?
I think we 've felt lucky that we had the chance to say a proper goodbye to a show that we all loved so much . Most shows do n't get that opportunity . Jake Johnson said it was like the senior year of high school . It kind of felt like that . I think it did have that kind of atmosphere where you 're just really spending a lot of time reflecting on the past seven years of your life . We all know our paths are going to cross again , we all genuinely became really good friends , but we 're all going off to different colleges .
Was there a scene this season that brought the tissues out when you were filming ?
You do n't shoot in order and the last scene of our series , all of us were together . I do n't want to spoil the series finale , but we 're all together in a way that was so perfect , I think for the fans when they watch the show , but also for us as a way to say goodbye , and that I feel like was the most emotional moment to shoot .
Are fans going to be happy with where Cece and Schmidt end up ?
It was cool to be able to do a season with Cece and Schmidt as parents . Fans have been very vocal about what they 've always wanted to see and to know about the cast and I think that this was kind of our goodbye love letter to them , so we tried to jam as much of that into the eight episodes . I think they 'll be incredibly happy .
You 're set to become the first female superhero of South Asian descent on network TV with The Greatest American Hero reboot . Is it wild to you that this character even exists on TV in 2018 ?
Yeah , the landscape has changed so dramatically in the past seven years . I auditioned for New Girl seven years ago and have been living in that bubble . At that time , the fact that I was even going in for a role as a main character of a cast for this American sitcom blew my mind , because that was the only one I was going in for . The fact that it worked out is shocking .
I remember saying to Liz Meriwether , “ You have no idea what you 've done putting a South Asian girl in the main cast of the show. ” They were n't looking for an Indian woman . She kind of looked at me like I was crazy and said , “ I just cast the funniest actor and I do n't see what the big deal is. ” That was even more incredible , that they were n't trying to fill some sort of quota . She was unique in that aspect , that was definitely not the norm .
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . ( AP ) — Arkansas lawmakers said Tuesday they 're working on a `` bathroom bill '' targeting transgender people , despite warnings from the Republican governor that such a measure is n't needed and could harm the state .
A one-sentence bill was filed by two GOP state senators stating only that it addresses `` gender identity and bathroom privileges '' without any specifics . But co-sponsor Republican Sen. Gary Stubblefield said it 'll require people to use public bathrooms that correspond to the sex on their birth certificate .
`` If they were born a male , that 's where they 've got to use the bathroom , '' Stubblefield said .
A similar law in North Carolina has drawn widespread criticism and boycotts from businesses , and prompted the NBA to pull this weekend 's All-Star Game out of Charlotte . The state 's Democratic governor on Tuesday proposed a compromise to repeal the measure . A bathroom bill being considered in Texas has also prompted a backlash , with the NFL suggesting that Texas could be passed over for future Super Bowl sites if the proposal becomes law .
Republican Gov . Asa Hutchinson repeated his opposition to pursuing a similar measure in Arkansas .
`` I have consistently said that there is no need for a North Carolina type bathroom bill in Arkansas , '' Hutchinson said in a statement . `` It is unclear as to the specifics of the proposed legislation but if it is similar to North Carolina 's , I view the bill as unnecessary and potentially harmful . ''
The nation 's largest lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights group also urged lawmakers to drop the proposal .
`` Proponents of anti-trans legislation are invoking a boogeyman that simply does not exist - the reality is that transgender people just want to simply live their everyday lives , '' Kendra Johnson , Arkansas director for the Human Rights Campaign . `` Arkansas should not make the mistake North Carolina made . ''
Stubblefield and GOP Sen. Greg Standridge , who also sponsored the measure , said they were n't concerned about a backlash from businesses . They also said they expect more proposals from other lawmakers in the majority-Republican Legislature .
`` It 's a definite thing that there 's going to be a bathroom bill pursued , '' Standridge said . `` We just do n't know if it 's going to be our bill or someone else 's bill . ''
___
Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ademillo
Whether you 're training for this year 's London Marathon , or just trying to get the new year off to a good start by going for the odd jog , you 're probably asking yourself the same question : `` What can I eat before a run that is n't spaghetti Bolognese ? ''
As well as Lycra , smugness and hi-vis fitness jackets , bowls of pasta are synonymous with running culture – but there are alternative running-fuel ingredients , and sports nutritionist Anita Bean , is committed to proving that . The health writer has put together 100 recipes specifically geared towards the needs of runners – in her latest collection , The Runner 's Cookbook .
Here , Anita busts some myths and sets out some golden rules ...
Being a runner does n't mean you can eat whatever you like all the time
`` Runners starting out often think running is a license to continue eating whatever they want . Runner 's weight gain is quite a real phenomenon , and that 's because many runners overestimate the amount of calories they burn , or overcompensate by consuming extra food after their runs , '' explains Anita . `` Or they think , ‘ Well , I 've run 10k today , so I deserve this chocolate cake ' . Basically , it 's getting the balance between calories in/calories out wrong . And it 's fair to say some runners will find their appetite increases , but once you continue running regularly , you find your appetite will reduce . ''
In fact , you ought to be even more careful about what you 're eating
`` Start to really cut down on highly processed foods : sugars , sugary snacks , crisps , high-fat , high-sugar foods . Instead , ensure your diet contains lots of fresh fruit , fresh foods and more natural wholefoods . Whole grains , fruit , vegetables , nuts , seeds , lean meat , fish . ''
Do n't cut out carbohydrates
`` If you 've got a long or hard run ahead , you want to eat more carbohydrate . Carbohydrate is what we call a fast fuel – it 's the muscles ' preferred fuel , it produces energy faster than fat or protein . If you try and cut down your carbs , you 'll feel really tired and fatigued to start with , but you 'll find that it may sustain you for long , slow runs , your low intensity easy runs , but a low-carb diet can not fuel high-intensity runs . ''
Delicious.magazine tips : 5 top smoothie combos
1 BLUEBERRY AND OAT
Whizz a handful of porridge oats in a blender with a splash of water .
Add half a banana , a large handful of blueberries ( frozen is fine ) and a few spoonfuls of natural yogurt , then whizz again .
Blend in a pinch of ground cinnamon and honey to taste – loosen with a splash of milk if it 's too thick .
2 BANANA AND ALMOND BUTTER
Whizz a banana with a few tablespoons of almond butter , a glass of milk and , if you like , honey to taste . One for kids – big and small .
3 BEETROOT , CARROT AND GINGER
Blend equal amounts of carrot and beetroot with apple juice , a stick of celery and a few slices of fresh ginger .
Make it slightly tart by adding orange juice to taste .
4 MANGO , CASHEW AND CARDAMOM
Put peeled , cubed mango in a blender with a handful of cashews , a squeeze of lime juice and the seeds from a couple of cardamom pods .
Add milk ( and a pinch of ground turmeric if you like ) and blend .
5 SPINACH , AVOCADO AND COCONUT WATER
Whizz an avocado with several generous handfuls of spinach and enough coconut water to thin to smoothie thickness .
Now that the blind auditions are over , Season 14 of “ The Voice ” heads into battle .
That means contestants will take part in a song battle against another singer , and yes , there will be eliminations this week and next ( unless they 're scooped up by another coach , in which case they get to stay in the competition ) .
Meet the Southern California contestants before they sing it out in front of the coaches , who will be Blake Shelton , Kelly Clarkson , Alicia Keys and Adam Levine .
Sherman Oaks ' Own
Angel Bonilla made “ The Voice ” history when she became its first transgender contestant , wowing coach Adam Levine with her powerful cover of Sam Smith 's “ Lay Me Down . ”
Now , the 27-year-old member of Team Adam hopes to use her exposure on “ one of the biggest shows on earth ” to educate viewers about transgender people like her by showing she 's just like any other aspiring pop star .
She 's off to a good start .
“ Sometimes people judge my gender before they hear me sing , but that 's not the case on ‘ The Voice , ' ” she said . “ They judge me by my ability to sing . ”
Silver Lake 's Own
Drew Cole was a bartending musician with an economics degree .
But the 25-year-old native of Ridgefield , Conn. , put mixing drinks on hold after nailing his “ Voice ” audition with Marcy Playground 's “ Sex and Candy , ” similar in style to the cover that Adam Levine recorded with his band Maroon 5 .
The performance got Levine to turn his chair , stand up and yip .
“ That was special , ” Cole said , who grew up on the music of Maroon 5 and – even though Blake Shelton also turned – decided to pick Levine as his coach . “ If it ended here , I would be so happy and so grateful . ”
Pasadena 's own
Ask Brett Hunter why he left his six-figure tech recruiter job for the life of a musician , and the 30-year-old member of Team Blake does n't give it a second thought .
Music , he said , makes him happy .
“ Working all the time and not doing what I love to do , that was the sacrifice ; I was done sacrificing my passion , ” said Hunter , who was born and raised in Pasadena but now lives in Oakland .
For his blind audition , Hunter impressed Shelton with a cover of Carl Carlton 's “ She 's a Bad Mama Jama , ” a performance that started off soulful and got progressively funky . Just where did he get his vocal style ?
He said it was years of imitating artists like James Taylor , Ray Lamontagne and Stevie Wonder .
As he put it , “ There was a moment when all these people blended together and it became my own voice . ”
Echo Park 's Own
Terrence Cunningham was in a zone .
Performing a heartfelt rendition of the Smokey Robinson and Ronald White tune “ My Girl , ” the 36-year-old did not realize all of the coaches had turned their chairs until he had finished .
“ It 's still unbelievable , ” he said .
Cunningham , who comes from a line of musicians that reportedly includes the late blues guitarist Etta Baker , was asked by Kelly Clarkson why he is n't already on the radio . He explained that he had put his career on hold to see his daughter through high school .
“ Anything in life worth having takes sacrificing , ” he said , speaking by phone . “ I was a parent at 16 . I was n't worried about money . I was fully invested in her . And because I was so young , we raised each other . We 're still best friends . ”
So now he 's giving music another shot and putting his talent in the hands of Alicia Keys .
“ It 's an obvious choice , ” he said of going with Keys . “ There 's such a commonality . We 're both the same age , we 're both singers , we 're both pianists who are very skilled . I know we 'll have a lot of similar ideas about song choices . ”
West Los Angeles ' Own
Shana Halligan , 44 , is no stranger to the music industry .
As the daughter of Dick Halligan , the musician , composer and founding member of Blood , Sweat & Tears , she was exposed to jazz , classical and rock from a young age . A decade ago she even had some success with her now-defunct indie band , Bitter : Sweet .
“ As many gigs as I 've had in my lifetime , nothing could prepare me for this , ” she said , referring to her audition on “ The Voice ” with a dramatic take on “ Bang Bang ( My Baby Shot Me Down ) ” by Sonny Bono . “ I come from an artist , vibe-y , KCRW-kind of background so I was afraid of the big commercial beast . But it was really exciting to get Alicia ( Keys ) to turn around . ”
Woodland Hills ' Own
Kelsea Johnson stepped onto “ The Voice ” stage not just looking like a star but sounding like one .
Never mind that the 22-year-old recent college grad is new to all of this .
“ I 've never gigged before , but I 've sung the National Anthem at sporting events , family friends ' weddings and funerals , ” she said . “ While I was in college , I sang at random events , but that was the extent of it . ”
Johnson auditioned with Meghan Trainor 's “ Like I 'm Gon na Lose You , ” which got the attention of Adam Levine , Kelly Clarkson and Alicia Keys .
But she went with Keys .
“ I have been a fan of her my entire life , ” she said . “ She 's a force and I want to take a little piece of that . ”
Koreatown 's Own
Megan Lee has glimpsed pop success .
Over the years , the 22-year-old Southern California singer and actress has starred on Nickelodeon 's “ Make It Pop , ” a series about the making of all-girl K-pop trio . She also spent four years in South Korea making real-life K-pop .
Now , she 's set her sights on becoming a fresh new face of mainstream pop .
Lee performed “ Killing Me Softly With His Song ” during her blind audition , and Alicia Keys took notice .
“ I was super fortunate because she 's a person I looked up to ever since I was a child , ” she said . “ She got me into soul and R & B ; it 's crazy . Not only is she an incredible songwriter and artist , but she is also an incredible human being . She 's super inspiring . ”
Windsor Hills ' Own
Jordyn Simone is a senior at the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts .
But for now , the 18-year-old is learning all she can from her coach , Alicia Keys .
“ Working with an industry icon , she can teach me not only about being a singer but expanding my artistry , ” said Simone , who auditioned with “ Tennessee Whiskey ” by Chris Stapleton . “ I think hearing it from an instrumentalist can be a cool perspective . ”
Mission Viejo 's Own
Jamella 's parents met on Broadway .
Her dad sang and her mom danced , and the 21-year-old said she happily inherited a talent for both and sought out coaches to help her along the way . Her latest coach ?
Kelly Clarkson .
Jamella signed onto Team Kelly after singing Ed Sheeran 's “ Dive ” during blind auditions .
“ Pop is the biggest genre out there , and it 's something that I obviously love , ” said Jamella , who envisions her style as a mix of Aaliyah and Ariana Grande . “ Dance R & B , that 's what I want to do . ”
Upland 's Own
Alexa Cappelli told Kelly Clarkson that she got into the Orange County School of the Arts by singing Clarkson 's hit “ People Like Us . ”
When Clarkson asked her to sing it , the 18-year-old high school senior indulged her chosen coach , unable to hear that Clarkson was singing along with her . It was only later when her parents told her that her jaw dropped .
“ What a dream , ” she said . “ That was crazy . ”
Los Angeles ' Own
Amber Sauer , 35 , was diagnosed and treated for cervical cancer and later hospitalized with the autoimmune disease sarcoidosis .
Although she 's healthy , she admits it 's left its scars .
“ Sometimes it makes it difficult for me to breathe , ” she said . “ So I had to take care of myself .
The Voice
When : 8 to 10 p.m. Mondays and 8 to 9 p.m. Tuesdays
Where : NBC
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - A woman who was formerly employed as a manager by celebrity chef Mike Isabella sued him and his business partners Monday alleging sexual harassment . Isabella denied the allegations .
Chloe Caras is seeking an unspecified amount for pain and suffering , back pay and punitive damages . Isabella , who competed on the cooking reality shows `` Top Chef '' and `` Top Chef : All-Stars , '' has about a dozen restaurants in the Washington area .
The lawsuit filed in Superior Court in the District of Columbia says when Caras was fired in 2017 she was the director of operations for the Isabella Eatery in Virginia and the highest-ranking woman in Isabella 's organization , Mike Isabella Concepts . The lawsuit says that during Caras ' three years with the company she was subject to unwelcome touching , sexual advances , vulgar and explicitly sexual remarks and gestures , and sexists insults and texts calling her a `` dumb bitch '' and a `` whore '' and false rumors about her sexual history .
`` On multiple occasions , Mr. Isabella sexually propositioned Ms. Caras and subjected her to degrading acts , including pulling her hair while standing behind her in a clear pantomime of having penetrative sex from the rear , '' the lawsuit says .
The lawsuit says Isabella and his partners created a `` sexually hostile work environment and condoned a climate of contempt for women '' at his restaurants . It says that on Dec. 5 , 2017 , when Isabella suggested to a chef that he have sex with Caras she attempted to leave the restaurant and was chased after by a screaming Isabella and fired by him when she reached the door .
In a statement provided to The Washington Post , which was first to report the lawsuit , Isabella , his partners and company denied the allegations . `` Simply put , the allegations of an unwelcoming or hostile work atmosphere are false , '' the statement said . The Maryland-based law firm that provided the statement , Bascietto & Bregman , did not immediately provide the same statement or other information to The Associated Press .
Caras ' attorney Debra Katz said in an email that Caras has also filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requesting that it conduct an investigation into allegations that Isabella 's organization maintained a sexually hostile work environment .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed go from being teammates to opponents in match play .
Spieth and Reed have a 7-2-2 record as partners in two Ryder Cups and last year 's Presidents Cup . They were drawn in the same four-man group for the Dell Technologies Match Play , which starts Wednesday at Austin Country Club . Spieth knows the course well from his days playing for the Texas Longhorns .
The format at this World Golf Championship is round-robin play through Friday , with the winners of each 16 groups advancing to a weekend of single elimination .
Dustin Johnson is the No . 1 seed . Also in his group is Kevin Kisner , one of his best friends from junior golf in South Carolina .
Tommy Fleetwood faces an all-England match Wednesday against Ian Poulter .
By Farayi Machamire
The Zimbabwe Revenue Authority ( Zimra ) has opened a branch in Marondera . In a notice issued yesterday , the tax authority said the branch is only meant for functions to do with domestic taxes .
“ Zimra would like to advise its valued clients and stakeholders that we opened an office in Marondera on July 1 , 2018 at Standard Charted Bank Building Stand number 51 Pine Street/The Green Marondera . All our clients in and around Marondera can now visit our new office that will be open from 0800hours to 1700hours , Monday to Friday and 0800hours to 1230hours Saturdays , ” reads part of the notice .
“ The office will be offering only Domestic Taxes functions. ” DailyNews
Who Will Replace Zubin Mehta as the Israeli Philharmonic 's Maestro ?
Zubin Mehta will only hand over his baton in 2019 , but rumors are already rife about his successor . Will he or she be able to bring back the orchestra 's innovative repertoire of three or four decades ago ?
by Paul Tyre
The temperatures are finally warming up , and Lake Seminole is on fire ! We have been catching some big bass on a variety of lures , and as we come into June , I think it 's the best month to catch a personal best on Lake Seminole with topwater baits like frogs and buzzbaits .
When fishing a buzzbait on Lake Seminole , fish the bait around the topped out hydrilla closest to the deep water that has baitfish present . A Strike King Pro Model Buzzbait in white has been a good one so far . This bait has a unique squeak to it that pulls the big bass in for explosive strikes . You want to have at least a 7′ medium heavy rod with a soft tip and braided line for getting the bass away from the cover .
Frogs are great around lily pads and over the top of matted hydrilla and scum . I prefer the Strike King Popping Perch fished around and through the lily pad fields on the lake . Working the bait with a chugging sound and a pause between to give the bass time to find the bait , is working well . When fishing frogs in the pads , use at least a 7′ heavy action rod with a soft tip and at least 65-pound braided line to get them out .
The Hydrilla Gnats Bass Club is starting a Thursday Night Two Fish Bass Tournament at Wingate 's Lunker Lodge on the first and third Thursdays of the month from 6:00pm to 9:00pm . The entry fee is $ 20 per boat with 90 % going back for prize money . The first week 's turnout was great !
The bream and shellcracker have been bedding all around the lake . They 're bedding in shallow water and biting worms and crickets . Miss Jane , down at Wingate 's Lunker Lodge , has both in stock . She 's open on Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays from 6am to 6pm and has her phone number on the door of the store for when she 's not there and you need something . She 'll come right away and get you what you need .
The crappie have moved out to the edge of the grass lines and are being caught on minnows and jigs in 10 to 12 feet of water . Miss Jane has minnows too , and she might be willing to catch the blue-eyed ones for you .
10:51 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Watch : ISIS buy and sell women for slavery Read more
Yazidi women open up to reporters about the rape of women in ISIS controlled territories . ► ◄ Last Briefs
A ‘ 'humanoid robot '' has carried the Olympic Torch on the latest stage of the journey to Pyeongchang .
Organisers were determined : `` to showcase our advances in technology . ''
The `` Hubot '' , named Hubo , made its appearance at the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and technology , in Daejon .
This special Torch Relay leg began with Torchbearer , Professor Dennis Hong , founding director of the Robotics and Mechanisms Laboratory at UCLA , in Los Angeles , riding in an automated car .
Then came the Hubot 's own moment to shine when it took the flame from Professor Hong .
Hubo is 120 centimetres tall , has a maximum stride of 35cm and is capable of 65 paces per minute .
It even has individually moving fingers and performed what Torch Relay officials described as a `` high difficulty performance '' ( sic ) as he cut a hole through a brick wall as part of an emergency scenario .
Hugo seized his moment to shine when he took the Torch ©Pyeongchang2018
After the ‘ run ' Hubo passed the flame to Dr Oh Jun Ho .
He had been in charge of the mechanical engineering team which developed the robot back in 2004 .
`` Through the robot 's participation in the relay , we were able to show people how far ( South ) Korea 's robotic industry has developed and show people the different ways that robots can be used in the near future , '' he said .
In turn , Dr Oh Jun Ho handed the flame to Gang Da Bin , a winner of the Junior Software Cup , who carried the Torch to represent the next generation of scientists .
Pyeongchang 2018 have confirmed that around 85 robots will be deployed as volunteers during the Winter Games .
Some will even help to provide information for visitors .
The Hubot was not the first robot to participate in the 2018 relay .
An undersea robotic craft helped carry the flame in the early stages of the journey .
Organisers insisted that the Torch Relay would show the future and the past .
That has even meant a journey back to prehistoric times when a dinosaur skeleton at the Geological museum , in Daejon , offered an unusual backdrop for runners in the Relay .
Torchbearers are extremely proud of their roles , as this gentleman proves with his painted face ©Pyeongchang2018
The more conventional bearers have included Kim Sung Hyun , a young dental student who has already seen the Olympic flame pass by .
He was at school in Vancouver when the relay passed in 2010 .
“ The relay was near my home , so I went to watch it .
“ I took a photo with a Torchbearer and always dreamed I could do it in Korea one day .
“ When I heard I had been picked I felt exhilarated .
“ I think it is a good opportunity to show my foreign friends how Korea has grown , ” he said .
When Suh So Huan was chosen she also received an unexpected gift .
“ When I told my husband , he bought me an indoor exercise bike as a present .
“ I have been using it to train everyday for the run , '' she said .
Former Los Angeles Dodgers baseball pitcher Park Chan Ho also carried the flame in Daejon .
After almost two decades in the US he ended his career back in South Korea with the Hanwha Eagles .
He handed the flame to Eagles batter Kim Tae Gyun .
The arrival of the flame at the Daejon Expo Park was greeted in traditional style with girl band Mamamoo adding to an already considerable K-Pop presence and performing for the crowds .
DETROIT ( AP ) — Andre Drummond had 21 points and 22 rebounds , and the short-handed Detroit Pistons beat Cleveland 125-114 on Tuesday night after the Cavaliers lost Kevin Love to a potentially season-altering hand injury .
Love exited in the first quarter with a broken left hand , and the Pistons took advantage of his absence , snapping an eight-game losing streak despite a roster that was depleted by their blockbuster trade for Blake Griffin .
Detroit gave up three players to get Griffin , and neither he nor the other two players the Pistons received in return were available against Cleveland . Drummond — whose own status was in question because of an illness — had a huge game , and Stanley Johnson added a career-high 26 points .
Reggie Bullock added 22 points for the Pistons , and Anthony Tolliver scored 20 .
LeBron James scored 21 points for the Cavs , but Cleveland was listless early and outplayed late — and the result felt secondary to Love 's health . The team said he had a non-displaced fracture in his fifth metacarpal and his status would be updated after additional examination Wednesday in Cleveland .
Love played only 4:41 and went scoreless .
MILESTONE
Wade scored 18 points after missing two games because of the death of his longtime agent Henry Thomas . Wade ( 21,800 ) moved past Larry Bird ( 21,791 ) for 32nd place on the NBA 's career scoring list .
ALL-STAR
Drummond was added to the NBA All-Star Game on Tuesday , replacing injured Washington guard John Wall . After he was initially left out of the game , Drummond apparently felt snubbed , posting last week to his Twitter account : `` Guess I got ta start doing backflips after every point I score to get attention around here ! ''
TIP-INS
Cavaliers : Isaiah Thomas scored 19 points and Kyle Korver added 10 .
Pistons : Detroit had 44 points in the paint in the first half . ... Johnson 's previous career high was 22 points against New York on Feb. 4 , 2016 .
UP NEXT
Cavaliers : Host the Miami Heat on Wednesday night .
Pistons : Host the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday night in what could be Griffin 's debut with Detroit .
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
André Rieu and his Johann Strauss Orchestra will perform at Nottingham Motorpoint Arena on Saturday , December 16 .
André Rieu is quite simply a musical phenomenon like no other , having sold a massive 40 million CDs and DVDs and notched 30 No.1 chart positions worldwide .
Along with his 60-piece Johann Strauss Orchestra ( the largest private orchestra in the world ) , André has created a global revival in waltz music , staging spectacular extravaganzas which are second to none . Having received over 500 Platinum Awards , three Classical Brit Awards for Album of the Year and billions of Youtube views , André is one of the biggest solo male touring artists in the world . Each year his passionate live shows attract more than 600,000 fans and outsell mega artists such as Coldplay , AC/DC and Bruce Springsteen .
“ My concerts are about joy and love ! “ says André Rieu . “ We should make decisions in our lives with our hearts , not our heads . People often ask me ‘ how do you choose your program ? ' – the answer is : with my heart . I love Johann Strauss but I am also fascinated by Andrew Lloyd Webber or Bruce Springsteen . We should stop limiting ourselves with categories and boundaries – not just in terms of music but in our lives in general ”
Tickets are priced at £50.40 , £72.80 , £89.60 and £110.88 . Tickets can be booked online at https : //www.motorpointarenanottingham.com/online/Andre-Rieu via 0843 373 3000 or in person at the Motorpoint Arena Box Office , Bolero Square , The Lace Market , Nottingham , NG1 1LA .
After six years with the company , Sony CEO Kaz Hirai will step down from his post on April 1 , 2018 . He will remain with the company as chairman , and the CEO seat will be filled by current CFO Kenichiro Yoshida . Samuel Axon reports via Ars Technica of the reputation his successor has built for making touch cuts to get back in the black :
You no longer need an Android phone to try Google 's take on augmented reality drawing . The tech giant has released an iOS version of Just a Line that brings the same three-dimensional doodling to the iPhone crowd . It 's largely the same app you saw in March , but there 's a clever cross-platform twist : you can `` partner '' Android and iOS phones for two-person collaborative sketches . Both AR artists can see each other 's work while adding their own .
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan . During the time of its construction in the 1970s , Riverchase was one of the few environmentally and architecturally controlled communities in the Southeast .
The Hoover community of Riverchase began as the mining area called Acton . The growth of the coal industry through mines scattered along the Cahaba River brought the industry to Jefferson and Shelby counties . In 1945 , the Tennessee Coal , Iron and Railroad Company ( which was the current owner ) sold the Acton land to the Chace family who were active in Acton for about 18 years . Their land was sold in 1968 to Harbert Construction Company and the vision began for the Planned Community of Riverchase .
Still Hunter , who later became the first project manager for the development of Riverchase , was the lead planner and negotiator for Harbert . The plans for Riverchase began for two large tracts of land , and in 1974 the Harbert Corporation partnered with Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States to form the “ Harbert — Equitable Joint Venture. ” Together , they developed the 3,000 acres that had once been used for mining . Harland Bartholomew and Associates did the Master Plan , and Roger Yanko was the project manager and landscape architect for the joint venture . The construction moved quickly once the initial plans were complete .
Riverchase Parkway opened in 1975 , and the first home was completed in 1976 . Riverchase was one of the few environmentally and architecturally controlled communities in the Southeast being built at the time , not to mention the only one in Alabama . Developing a community in this way was new for the times . It was expected to be a $ 500 million development in 10 years with 15,000 residents . That number was exceeded . Several churches , a school and many businesses were part of the development . Riverchase was annexed in September 1980 .
In “ Journeys : An American Story ” ( RosettaBooks ) , Andrew Tisch and Mary Skafidas have compiled 72 essays by immigrants or their descendants , some of whom are famous , like Michael R. Bloomberg , while others are everyday — albeit exceptional — Americans . The diverse tales , presented together , show how immigrants have built and strengthened the culture of New York and the country at-large .
Mr. Tisch , the co-chairman of the board of the Loews Corporation , decided to ask celebrities and acquaintances to recount immigration stories after researching his own family history in preparation for a speech at a swearing-in ceremony of new citizens . ( He contributed an essay to the book , as did Ms. Skafidas ) .
Ms. Skafidas , Loews ' vice president of investor relations and corporate communications , was born in the United States and had Greek immigrant parents but did n't speak English until she was 6 ; her aunt was undocumented .
Among the book 's featured raconteurs are Pete Gogolak , the former Giants place kicker who was 14 when he fled Hungary ; Linda Hills , a great-granddaughter of Andrew Carnegie ; Arlene and Alan Alda ; and the executive Morris Sarnoff , who emigrated from Belarus with his brothers David and Lew and their mother after their father had worked for five years as a house painter in New York to earn enough for their passage .
Getty Image
Details continue to spill forth on the New York City pipe-bomb explosion underneath the Port Authority bus terminal near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue . According to the FDNY , four people sustained injuries that are “ non-life threatening ” in nature . Police swiftly took one suspect , who is among the injured , into custody . According to NYPD Commissioner Bill Braton , the suspect is a 27-year-old male from Bangladesh who “ acted in the name of ISIS . ”
The Associated Press has followed up with more details from NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill , who declared this to be a “ terror-related incident. ” The NYPD also revealed the name of the suspect , Akayed Ullah , who officials say attempted a suicide bombing with a “ crudely-made pipe bomb. ” Injuries sustained by three bystanders were ( fortunately ) minor , although Ullah 's were obviously more severe , given his immediate proximity to the device :
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday . They say he is in custody . They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb . Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack . Three others suffered minor injuries , including headaches and ringing in the ears . The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands .
Authorities add that they believe , at this point , that Ullah was “ inspired ” by ISIS to carry out this attack , but they have n't yet established whether he 's tied to any particular terror organization or individual cell .
Via the New York Times , Mayor Bill de Blasio did n't hesitate to label the explosion as an “ attempted terrorist attack ” while telling reporters that no other explosive devices has been discovered .
This is a developing story , and we will provide additional details as they arrive .
( Via Associated Press & New York Times )
Universal
In The Fate of the Furious , which everyone apparently saw this past weekend , Deckard Shaw ( Jason Statham ) is recruited by Kurt Russell 's Frank Petty as a replacement for the now evil Dominic Toretto ( Vin Diesel ) .
( Yes , there will be minor spoilers ahead . )
In Fast & Furious 6 , we learn Statham 's Deckard Shaw is responsible for killing Han Lue ( Sung Kang ) back in The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift , which has now been retrofitted to take place in-between Fast and Furious 6 and Furious 7 .
So the question is , why would Dom 's crew accept Deckard as an ally so easily when he 's responsible for Han 's death ? This is a question I asked The Fate of the Furious 's writer , Chris Morgan .
“ You bring up a good point , ” says Morgan , as I then feel pretty good about myself and my question . He continues , “ And all I can tell you is this : There are things you do n't know yet . ”
Well , that 's a slightly more vague answer than I was hoping . Pressing a bit , Morgan offered up a little more , “ Look , Deckard 's story has similarity to Dom 's , right ? ”
This is true . We learn in The Fate of the Furious that it appears Deckard was tricked by his government to do some pretty nefarious things that he might not actually be responsible for .
Morgan continues , “ Dom ended up going to jail in the original film because he ended up doing violence against a guy who hurt his dad . And Deckard ended up doing the stuff for the love of his brother , right ? They both have a code and they both care deeply about family . They may not react the best or the right way , but there 's a similarity in there somewhere . ”
And for now , that 's all Morgan will say about that issue . Though , there does seem to be a trend in which former villains join the team – as we see in this film with Statham 's Deckard and , as Morgan mentions , Luke Evans ' Owen Shaw ( Deckard 's brother ) . So does this mean Charlize Theron 's Cipher will be joining the team in the next movie ? ( Yes , she killed someone , too , but as we 've established , that does n't seem to preclude future friendships . )
But , according to Morgan , it does n't sound like there are any plans for that , “ One never knows . She is pretty dedicated to being dark , so we 'll see . ”
You can contact Mike Ryan directly on Twitter .
“ They represent a time in the history of the state board that must be acknowledged and never repeated , ” the interim superintendent , Ed Richardson , said in a letter about the action that he read at the meeting . “ I regret that it has taken 58 years to correct this injustice . I can only hope that this action will provide a modicum of comfort to the people affected . ”
The board also expunged the records of four teachers at the college who were fired for “ disloyalty ” in the early 1960s , including Lawrence Reddick , a renowned historian , who was accused of being a Communist in 1960 .
“ It was their actions that allowed for us to be in this space that we are in now , ” said Quinton T. Ross Jr. , the president of the college , which was renamed Alabama State University , in an interview on Tuesday . “ The role they played in the civil rights movement , it sends chills down your spine . ”
The Alabama State students waited nearly six decades for the apology , which comes in a time of heightened sensitivity to racism . For 58 years , the expulsions clung to them through college transfer applications , job interviews and in most cases to the grave . Six of the nine are dead . The three survivors spoke to The Times this week .
“ There are only a few of us who were directly evolved who are still alive , ” James McFadden , 78 , said in an interview . “ We can hear it and pass it along to the ancestors of those who are gone . ”
“ The players are so much more focused on what 's always been the crown jewel of our union , which is free agency , and the way that 's kind of been taken away , ” said a veteran player who is a free agent and who was granted anonymity because he did not want to hurt his chances in the market . “ It 's something you once fought and strove for — you wanted to become a free agent desperately . ”
A prominent agent , Brodie Van Wagenen , came close to accusing the owners of collusion on Friday , saying in a Twitter post that their inactivity in free agency “ feels coordinated , rightly or wrongly . ”
Van Wagenen also mentioned a “ rising tide among players for radical change ” and threatened a boycott of spring training .
With the current collective bargaining agreement stretching through the 2021 season , that seems highly unlikely . But in this environment , players see little need to cooperate with Manfred , despite clear evidence that games are getting slower .
The average time of a nine-inning game last season was 3 hours 5 minutes , the highest on record and nine minutes longer than in 2015 . That was Manfred 's first year as commissioner , when he made pace-of-play a priority . But the players quickly learned that the league and the umpires were not really forcing them to stay in the box or deliver pitches at a brisker pace . The pace reverted to a crawl .
The biggest factor , though , is that players are increasingly incentivized to take more time . In the age of analytics , teams cultivate power hitters and power pitchers , and the amateur ranks churn out plenty every year . Strikeouts and homers reached record highs last season , and walks are rising again , too . That means more pitches , which means more relievers , which means more time .
The 2017 season included 1,196 more home runs , 1,756 more walks and 2,658 more strikeouts than the 2015 season . The number of pitches per nine-inning game rose from 283 to 292 in the same period . No wonder games were nine minutes longer .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Guys are working the count ; nobody 's trying to just put the ball in play . Everybody wants to lift and launch and hit home runs , ” said Jim Kaat , the MLB Network analyst and former pitcher . “ So home runs , walks and strikeouts kind of dominate the game , and that 's going to make for a more boring game in terms of action on the bases . It 's really a three-hour home run derby , in a lot of cases . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Kaat pitched 25 seasons in the majors , through 1983 , when teams averaged 2 hours 36 minutes to play nine innings . It was a different game in many ways . Kaat was among his generation 's best pitchers but averaged only 4.9 strikeouts per nine innings for his career . Last year , only one pitcher who made at least 25 starts , Andrew Cashner , averaged fewer . ( Naturally , Cashner is an unsigned free agent . )
Between 1973 and 1980 , Kaat started 11 nine-inning games that took no more than 1 hour 40 minutes . He had 31 strikeouts and 7 walks — total — in those 11 games .
“ Our objective was to trust your stuff and make them put the ball in play , ” Kaat said . “ Now , you see fear of contact , deep counts , more pitches , and hitters diving into the ball and swinging at will . ”
As a broadcaster , Kaat said , the best games do n't have to be the shortest . Last August , he called a 3-hour-36-minute thriller between Cleveland and Boston at Fenway Park . That game , a 12-10 Red Sox victory , featured 88 plate appearances and only 23 walks or strikeouts .
“ That was packed with action , ” Kaat said . “ To me , it 's not so much time of game as it is the boredom of hitters stepping out of the box , which forces pitchers to take more time . ”
To Kaat , though , the place to impose change is the minors , not the majors . Minor league games have featured pitch clocks since 2015 , and those leagues can better enforce rules about staying in the batter 's box .
Manfred 's most recent proposal includes no changes in 2018 but mandatory pitch clocks for 2019 ( 18 seconds , with nobody on base ) unless the average game time falls to 2 hours 55 minutes this season . He also wants to limit mound visits to six per game . Mound visits have increased significantly lately , partly because of fears of sign stealing ; to counter that , calls from the video room to the dugout will be monitored and recorded this season to keep teams from electronically delivering opponents ' signs .
All along , Manfred has said he would rather not exercise his right to unilaterally impose on-field changes . But his hopes of having an ongoing dialogue with players never materialized beyond one meeting last summer , and now players have little interest in moving along the conversation .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For Manfred , the wisest course of action would be to let this all go , for now , rather than provoke further animosity from the players or their union . Yes , the players agreed to the current economic rules , which discourage some teams from fielding competitive rosters . But the players ' trust in the owners erodes with each day — each tedious , boring day — that passes without a free-agent signing .
And Kaat is right : The best way to do all this is to raise minor leaguers to pick up the pace and hope change comes in time . None of Manfred 's ideas will shake baseball from its current fixation on homers , strikeouts and walks , and that is why games drag .
Part of baseball 's charm is the way the style of play can shift , over time , on its own . It 's not a boring game , and it wo n't be this way forever .
Fleet Street elders are looking on with horror and glee as a slow motion Game of Thrones power battle is played out at The Sun . Anyone who thinks this saga is really about a provocative Kelvin Mackenzie column criticising an Everton footballer is naive . “ The New King ” , “ Joffrey ” Gallagher , is caught in the midst of all out war between “ The Old King of the North ” Kelvin and the fiery “ Mother of Dragons ” , Queen Rebekah .
The decision by News UK to suspend Old King Kelvin is being widely viewed through the prism of Queen Rebekah loathing him . It has been noted in other realms of the Baby Shard that the statement knifing Kelvin came from a News UK spokesman , not a Sun spokesman .
The emerging narrative is that Gallagher kicked back at the decision and , rightly , defended Kelvin , hence why the statement throwing him under the torrent of outrage did not come from The Sun . It came from News UK , where Queen Rebekah reigns . Last Thursday 's Popbitch reported that “ Rebekah is aching to bin his £300,000 a year column , cutting costs and helping to detoxify the Sun 's brand in one easy move ” . Kelvin 's column was published on Friday .
The New King Gallagher and The Old King Kelvin also go way back . Gallagher has always owed Kelvin after he helped him secure the Sun throne . Before that , at the Telegraph , Gallagher hired Kelvin as a columnist only to be forced to cancel his column when the Scouse hordes protested .
So far , the views of the One True Sun King of Antipodea remain unclear . Though anyone who has watched the hit HBO series ( available through all BSkyB-approved outlets ) knows this one is going to end in a bloody mess , with a twist or two along the way…
Getty Image
Rose McGowan ‘ s public presence since the outbreak of the Harvey Weinstein sexual misconduct scandal has been both a beacon of inspiration and a source of controversy . She and others stand at odds with the # MeToo movement , calling it a public relations stunt in her recent ABC interview .
McGowan has been making numerous promotional appearances lately in support of her new book , Brave , but her latest stop seems to be her last due to a fiery encounter with a member of the audience . According to Deadline , a member of the audience began to shout during a section of the book event at a Barnes & Noble in New York . The questions involved McGowan 's past comments about transgender people , leading to a showdown :
Four people were injured in an explosion in the passageway connecting the Times Square and Port Authority subway stations . A suspect is in custody .
Italy 's political situation right now seems like something straight out of a bad TV show . Three potential prime ministers ( Paolo Gentiloni , Giuseppe Conte , Carlo Cottarelli ) , all of them frozen until maybe , somehow , a government appears out of thin air ; a serious argument with the president to the detriment of the Italian constitution ; populists up in arms , yelling `` They wo n't let us govern . ''
In addition to that , the traditional parties are still in shock , there 's the risk of new elections with a completely open outcome and the stock markets are scared , too . Also , the Italians have been spending more than they have for a long time , so the state debt is astronomically high . And there are no long-term , sustainable reforms in sight .
Read More : Italy and the eurozone : the cloud returns
A right-wing extremist party ( Matteo Salvini 's The League ) and classic populists ( Luigi Di Maio 's Five-Star Movement ) are the ones with power now . They have been saying ― albeit in a confusing and conflicting way ― that an `` Italy of change '' governed by them will leave the eurozone . That of course makes people like far-right figures Steve Bannon , Viktor Orban , Marine Le Pen or even Vladimir Putin very happy .
Europe 's problem child
Yes , the whole world is talking about Italy these days . We are once again the problem child of Europe . The best-known political commentators are calling it a `` Greek tragedy , '' citing the danger of an Italian default ― the fear that the country might not be able to pay back its debt . They warn that Italy , the third-largest economy in the European Union , could go bankrupt .
But despite all of that ( or maybe even because of it ) , EU Commissioner Günther Oettinger saying essentially that the markets will teach the Italians how to vote does n't help Italy or the EU at all . On the contrary , such phrases play right into the hands of populist politicians .
Major newspapers wrote in response to Oettinger 's remarks about `` Oktoberfest cliches , '' new talking points from the right and left use words and phases like `` blackmail '' and the `` arrogance '' of the `` strong powers '' in Brussels , Strasbourg and Berlin . Within minutes , social networks were full of nonsense posts about the `` Fourth Reich '' and German tanks . In many peoples ' minds , Germany has turned into an imperialist superpower again !
Even Jean-Claude Juncker , president of the European Commission , immediately realized that Oettinger 's statement ( which was denied in its first , condensed form ) was a bad communications gaffe . Someone who wants to avoid a fire should not pour oil onto the flames ― that should be obvious .
The problem is , after all , populism , and not just in Italy . It stokes fears and rocks the democratic structures of established institutions . That has to do with the great loss of trust , of course , that `` traditional politics '' has had to face across all of Europe these past few years . Everything is supposedly part of the `` establishment , '' everything is perceived as alienating globalization and as a loss of identity for those who feel left out of the political discourse .
Arrogant rhetoric and a lack of solidarity
As for the case of Italy : Those who are surprised that people here are so hurt by Oettinger 's comments should think of our high unemployment numbers , the lack of investments , of the constant rhetoric that 's perceived as arrogant about `` homework '' in saving and social cut-backs , of the missing European solidarity when it comes to migrants and refugees . And yes , also of the grinning faces of Bannon , Le Pen and the like .
Read more : Italy 's rising populism leaves refugee aid workers worried over immigration reform
Populism is behind many of the mistakes made in Europe in recent years , and those who do n't understand that simply do n't realize the extent of the risks that are looming now .
Yes , the situation is complicated : That 's why we should break the spiral of mutual cliches ( lazy Southerners versus arrogant , but frugal northern Europeans ) ― in Rome , in Berlin and in Brussels .
Roberto Brunelli is a foreign policy editor at Rome-based daily La Repubblica . He has also written several books , including a 2013 biography of the German chancellor titled Angela Merkel ― The Sphinx .
How can a genuinely democratic , equitable and sustainable society be created ? Donate to order this gift now !
NOTE TO READERS : This story has been updated to include the recently amended data release on regional chair Alan Caslin 's expense files that now includes some receipts .
Niagara taxpayers paid thousands of dollars in roaming charges incurred by St. Catharines ' regional councillor Andy Petrowski in 2016 while he was travelling overseas .
Recently released data on regional councillor expenses show that in a single month Petrowski racked up a $ 17,000 in roaming charges on his regional cell phone while in the Caribbean and the United States .
The bill shows that Petrowski moved 710 megabytes of data through his phone while in the Caribbean and another 670 megabytes while in the United States .
He did not respond to requests for an interview .
Since the data was released on Jan. 16 , The Standard made multiple requests to the Region to find out if the public paid for the councillor 's bill .
Those requests went unanswered until Wednesday when the Region 's chief administrative officer Carmen D'Angelo sent an email to The Standard explaining the public paid for some , but not all of the bill .
D'Angelo explained Petrowksi 's initial bill was $ 17,205.75 . Regional staff negotiated with Rogers Communications , the Region 's cell phone provider , to reduce the bill to $ 5,414.56 .
The public paid that bill .
“ That shows a great deal of disrespect to the taxpayer , ” said Christine Van Geyn , Ontario director of the Canadian Taxpayer 's Federation . “ I certainly would n't go to the Caribbean and leave my phone on the whole time . If I came back to work with a cell phone bill like that , or if you did , we 'd be fired .
“ Even though the Region got the bill down to $ 5,000 , that is still an outrageous bill to expect the taxpayer to pay . The councillor should have to pay that money back . ”
Petrowski 's phone bill is not the first time taxpayers have paid for councillor 's significant expenses .
Last year Petrowski claimed , and was paid for , nearly $ 45,000 in legal bills related to integrity commissioner reports regarding his conduct .
Petrowski is also required by the courts to pay the Region $ 5,500 in legal costs following a failed attempt to sue most of regional council to block the publication of those reports .
While the Region says it is in the process of collecting those costs from Petrowski — who is currently on leave from council — the language of the Region 's policies opens the door to allow him to claim the money as expenses .
“ Legal costs arising from or in any way related to complaints under the Code of Conduct are eligible expenses , ” says council 's expense policy which was created in November after The Standard published Petrowski 's legal bills .
While Petrowski 's phone bill had the highest roaming charges of any member of regional council , he was not the only one to be billed thousands of dollars for the phone usage .
St. Catharines regional Coun . Tim Rigby , Fort Erie Coun . Sandy Annunziata and Port Colborne Coun . David Barrick all ended up with hefty roaming charges . However , in each case , the councillors said the charges were made in error . After the Region talked to Rogers , those charges were removed .
When asked about his roaming charges last month , Annunziata said it has been an ongoing issue and councillors have to watch their bills for any errors . He said each councillor has to sign off on their annual phone bills , so there is an opportunity to investigate any problems before the public pays for it .
The Standard sent multiple interview requests to Regional Chair Alan Caslin Thursday to talk about his expenses , those of council and council 's expense policy . The request was not answered .
Caslin has not responded to multiple requests made by The Standard since the Jan. 16 release of data nor has he answered questions about why he wo n't be interviewed .
In the Jan 16 data release , Caslin 's expenses show he claimed expensive meals , but the data did not include any supporting information , does not say where he was meeting — even the city is omitted from the records — why , or who he was meeting with . On Jan. 23 , that file was amended to include some receiptsshowing what kind of meals Caslin purchased with tax dollars , including a $ 116 lobster meal .
Caslin has repeatedly emailed a short statement to The Standard praising the release of the data as an act of transparency . He said voters can judge his expenses by his record and mentioned the Canada Summer Games and the Welland GE plant as successes .
Caslin 's statement does not say how his expenses relate to these items .
Councillor expense data going back 20 years was released by the Region following freedom of information request made by Caslin in October .
His filing followed reports in The Standard on councillor expenses in September and the paper 's Sept. 28 freedom of information request for all expense reports for this term of council . The Region 's information office asked The Standard to put its request aside in favour of Caslin 's . The paper refused and the Region denied The Standard 's request and processed Caslin 's .
Repeating a formula that worked like gangbusters in the last installment , which became the most profitable film in Universal history , Despicable Me 3 offers up more of the same : more Gru – actually Gru times two if you count his twin brother , Dru ; more Minions ( though thankfully less than in their own exhausting 2015 spinoff ) ; more Looney Tunes-esque sight gags ; more pop-culture references , with an emphasis on the 1980s this time ; and more catchy Pharrell Williams songs on the soundtrack .
It 's an if-it-ain't-broke-then-don't-fix-it approach that works just fine if you 're simply looking to take another ride on the rollercoaster , with Steve Carell and Kristen Wiig returning to voice a pair of lovey-dovey superspy parents out to rid the world of evil yet again . Indeed , the original film 's enticing premise , about a bad guy who ca n't help turning good , has been somewhat forgotten , even if series creator Pierre Coffin ( working here with Kyle Balda and co-director Eric Guillon ) tries to insert a bit of pathos and family matters into the action . Otherwise , this rather clever , breakneck-paced cartoon gives fans exactly what they want : Like the new nemesis voiced by Trey Parker , it shoots machine-gun bursts of bubblegum at the audience , asking them to chew and enjoy . Expect them to do so when the film hits theaters on June 30 .
When we last left Gru ( Carrell ) and Lucy ( Wiig ) , they had forged a happy home with the three girls ( Miranda Cosgrove , Dana Gaier , Nev Scharrel ) the big bad softee wound up with in the first movie . When this one starts , their livelihood is quickly threatened when their Anti-Villain League 's new boss ( Jenny Slate ) fires the couple after they fail to apprehend an arch villain named Balthazar Bratt ( Parker ) – a former ‘ 80s child TV star who has gone all Diff'rent Strokes and turned to a life of crime .
The opening reel offers up a slew of Tex Avery-style stunts , music cues ranging from Michael Jackson to Van Halen to A-ha , and enough of the Minions to keep the kids happy . There 's a lot thrown at the screen at once , yet Carell and Wiig manage to anchor the action with characters that can seem both outlandish and emotionally real , trying to keep their couple afloat amid the chaos that surrounds them .
Coffin and his fellow directors – working with returning scribes Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio – keep several balls in the air at once , kicking off the second act by introducing Dru ( Carrell again , though with a less pronounced Slavic accent ) , a long lost twin brother who seems to be everything Gru is n't , all the way down to a swath of blond hair that Donald Trump could only dream of implanting . But things are not necessarily what they seem , and the brotherly love turns into something else as we learn more about Gru 's family history , including a brief cameo from his mother ( Julie Andrews ) , who looks like she 's caught in a pool scene from a softcore Italian porno .
There are plenty of other outlandish jokes here , such as a French character that looks like a spitting image of Gerard Depardieu , a rather outré depiction of a fictional European island ( whose inhabitants include lots of cheese-eating kids , a bunch of drunks and a somewhat offensively rendered woman with major facial hair ) and , in what may be the film 's piece de resistance , two laugh-out-loud Minion sketches : one that may be a direct reference to the song-and-dance number in Charlie Chaplin 's Modern Times , and a prison sequence scored to Pharrell 's hit song “ Freedom . ”
The filmmakers seem to be having a blast , sometimes at our expense but most of the time in a lively and bonkers enough way that forces you to clap along ( to quote Pharrell 's hit song from the last movie ) . With a running time of only 96 minutes , not including credits for all 550 crew members , the pacing is so fast that there 's barely room to breathe – although Coffin puts just enough emphasis on Gru 's “ issues , ” and just enough throwaway gags ( cue up another Minion ) to keep the movie grounded .
Things of course wind up leading to a big-bang final battle where the notion of Hollywood excess literally comes home to roost . One could perhaps see such an ending as a form of industry self-mockery in the way that , say , the Lego movies like to poke fun at their own existence . But the Despicable Me franchise , which has grossed $ 1.5 billion and counting thus far , hardly needs to look deep into its soul for further meaning . It has its recipe perfectly down pat by now , and with further installments likely on the horizon , it only asks that we laugh with it all the way to the bank .
Read More
Photo
“ Altered Carbon ” is a lesson in the importance of context .
If it were on the Syfy channel , where it belongs , it would look above average . You 'd think , yeah , not bad . On Netflix , where its 10 episodes will be available Friday , it still looks like an above-average Syfy series , which just makes you think , what the heck is this doing here ?
To give Netflix the benefit of the doubt , it 's probably there for the cord cutters . If attracting them means recreating the entire ecosystem of television , then there 's room for a low-rent “ Blade Runner ” knockoff with basic-cable production values and premium-cable nudity . Not everything can or needs to be “ Black Mirror . ”
But if you 're concerned with maintaining your reputation as a leading purveyor of prestige TV , you might want to think harder about what you slap the “ Netflix Original ” label on .
Based on a cyberpunk novel by Richard K. Morgan and created by the “ Terminator Genisys ” executive producer Laeta Kalogridis , “ Altered Carbon ” takes place in a future when technology has brought about a qualified form of immortality .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A person 's essence — personality , intelligence , memories — can be loaded onto a metal disc called a stack and , in the event of death or boredom , inserted into a new body . The rich , called Meths ( for Methuselahs ) , can repeatedly clone themselves and live out an unchanging prime of life . The poor make do with any body they can get their hands on , whose age , race and even gender may be different from theirs .
From The Trussville Tribune staff reports
Brik Realty President Gusty Gulas has announced the promotion to leadership roles of two local REALTORS® at the Birmingham-based agency .
Kevin Sargent , Managing Broker for Brik 's Trussville office , has been named Vice President of Operations , and Michelle Dickey has been named Assistant Broker at Trussville .
Kevin has proven himself as a leader by growing our Trussville office into the No . 1 office in Trussville home sales in 2017 , ” said Gulas . “ He is constantly asking how he can help more and is always willing to go above and beyond for his agents and clients .
“ Michelle has also been a leader within the office , using her experience to mentor new agents , ” Gulas added . “ Her business has thrived at Brik within our systems and processes , and she will be able to help out more agents in this role . ”
Sargent received Rookie-of-the-Year honors from the Birmingham Association of REALTORS® in 2013 and was named a Rising Star in Real Estate by the Birmingham Business Journal last year . He twice finished in the top 10 among KellerWilliams agents in the Trussville area prior to joining Brik .
“ I 'm very excited to have the opportunity to continue helping Brik grow and become the Birmingham metro area 's No . 1 real estate resource for our clients , as well as a destination for Birmingham 's top agents , ” said Sargent .
“ I came to Brik two years ago with the hunger and desire to be a part of something unique and different in our industry . Gusty and the current leadership team have done an incredible job up to this point , and now I 'm ecstatic about having the ability to work even closer with all of Brik 's agents to develop meaningful growth
strategies that will help everyone under the Brik umbrella succeed . ”
An 11-year real estate veteran , Dickey is currently enjoying the best year of her career , crediting her rapid rise in the agency in part to Brik 's leadership , of which she is now a critical part .
“ I am honored to be part of the Brik leadership team as the Assistant Broker of the Trussville office , ” she said . “ I attribute my success to the Brik leadership , support , technology and fellowship . Brik continues to add to producing agents and teams , and I look forward to the future of Brik and my role in the continued growth of
this company . ”
Founded in 2014 , Brik Realty has quickly become Greater Birmingham 's go-to real estate agency , because of its innovative marketing approach . Whether you 're a first-time homebuyer or a seasoned owner , Brik is your premier team of agents when it comes to Birmingham-area real estate .
Transcript for ICE arrests father of 3
We 're millionaires candlelight this is happening every night there are tears at the Jamal home . So that 's frustrating because he has n't done any thing rose . This is one that none cited Jamal is the model father he 's . Obviously very dedicated band always there always involved with anything goes on his wounds on top of this until Wednesday January 24 when ice immigration and customs enforcement . Told him he 's going back to Bangladesh after more than thirty years in the states sometimes like out of no nowhere . Start thinking about what might happen tune . It 's hard for mom to carry the load I have n't seen Harry worries me . My brother has different times and once and a while his only silence . It 's really hard on them these pictures captured the moments they cherish our inform them back . But they fear the future may be very different I do n't mean think it 's right and no one house the power . And Nolan should be able to do that and one after three decades of living the American dream this family fears they 're dreaming . Is over people do n't do anything wrong should n't . Have to face things it 's .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Trustwave today announced expanded leadership in delivering secure cloud gateway services for web and email security that help businesses fight cybercrime , protect data and reduce risk .
Cloud-based security services help customers adopt and use the latest security technologies on a subscription basis versus having to invest in hardware , software and headcount upfront to run those technologies . They also benefit from having the latest security protections and threat intelligence since the cloud is updated continuously . As a result , businesses can better protect themselves from cybersecurity threats at a predictable cost .
Some of the world 's largest and market-leading telecommunications providers and systems integrators are offering Trustwave cloud-based security services to their customers . Singtel ( Singapore ) , Optus ( Australia ) , Rogers Communications ( Canada ) , TIS ( Japan ) , Globe Telecom ( Philippines ) , as well as hundreds of value added resellers and distributors worldwide , now offer these services to market in their respective regional markets .
Industry analyst firm Gartner estimates that the compound annual growth rate for cloud-based secure web gateway services was 35 percent from 2010 through 2015.1
Trustwave Chief Executive Officer and President Robert J. McCullen said , `` Cloud and managed security services are the fastest-growing segments of the cybersecurity market , and Trustwave has successfully transformed traditionally software- and appliance-based technologies into services that can be consumed in these increasingly customer-centric deployment models . Our momentum in delivering Secure Cloud Gateway services is not only helping customers but also benefiting our channel partners who view cloud-based security services as a core differentiator . ''
Infinigate Managing Director Murray Pearce said , `` As a distributor for Trustwave in the UK and Ireland , we 're able to bring Trustwave secure cloud gateway services to the market through our reseller relationships . Many traditional web and email security technologies struggle to keep up with advanced and rapidly changing threats . With Trustwave secure cloud gateway services , our resellers and their customers can better protect themselves from threats like phishing , ransomware , CEO fraud and drive-by downloads . ''
Most recently , Trustwave introduced the Trustwave Secure Web Gateway Cloud service , which provides distributed enterprises with real-time protection from the hundreds of millions of obscured or encrypted new pieces of dynamic malware and ransomware attackers create each year . It provides an effective alternative to security systems that rely on malware signatures and sandboxes that often require a business become infected before identifying and blocking a threat . Delivered as a cloud-based service , it 's easy to deploy , manage and keep up-to-date . Trustwave Secure Cloud Gateway services include Trustwave Secure Web Gateway Cloud and Trustwave Secure Email Gateway Cloud .
Trustwave offers a broad range of cloud-based security services . In addition to Secure Cloud Gateway services , Trustwave provides cloud-based security testing , SIEM and a cloud-based managed security services portal .
For more information about Trustwave Cloud Gateway Security Solutions , visit https : //www.trustwave.com/Solutions/By-Challenge/Cloud-Gateway-Security/ .
About Trustwave
Trustwave helps businesses fight cybercrime , protect data and reduce security risk . With cloud and managed security services , integrated technologies and a team of security experts , ethical hackers and researchers , Trustwave enables businesses to transform the way they manage their information security and compliance programs . More than three million businesses are enrolled in the Trustwave TrustKeeper® cloud platform , through which Trustwave delivers automated , efficient and cost-effective threat , vulnerability and compliance management . Trustwave is headquartered in Chicago , with customers in 96 countries . For more information about Trustwave , visit https : //www.trustwave.com .
All trademarks used herein remain the property of their respective owners . Their use does not indicate or imply a relationship between Trustwave and the owners of such trademarks .
1 Source : Gartner `` Predicts 2017 : Network and Gateway Security '' by Lawrence Orans , Adam Hills , Jeremy D'Hoinne , Eric Ahlm . December 13 , 2016 . Gartner ID : G00317597 .
IFC Films
Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon 's film/TV series ‘ The Trip ‘ started as a one off adventure . Pals Coogan and Brydon drove around great British eateries and spawned an internet sensation with their dueling Michael Caine impersonations interspersed with human drama and delectable food porn . Three years later , ‘ The Trip To Italy ‘ found the duo taking their schtick on the road , with Alanis Morissette backing them up . Now , they 're completing their triptych , taking on the gastronomic paradise of Spain .
In the Spanish leg of this odyssey , Coogan and Brydon joke and stumble their way through the countryside and taste some of the best food the nation has to offer . In honor of this noble quest , we 've decided to pull all the beautiful food from their journey . Below are the six restaurants that Coogan and Brydon eat , drink , and try their best impressions in . Their imitation of Mick Jagger doing Michael Caine is pretty spot on… but rest assured the food is even better .
The Knesset Labor and Welfare Committee approved on Monday for the second and third readings a bill banning discrimination against businesses which observe the traditional Jewish day of rest .
The bill , proposed by MK Yigal Guetta ( Shas ) , owners of commercial properties will not be allowed to force businesses renting from them to operate on Shabbat or to demand compensation from the business due to its refusal to open on Shabbat . In addition , renters will be unable to cancel contracts over the business operator 's refusal to work on Shabbat .
At the request of committee chairman Eli Alaluf ( Kulanu ) , the final version of the bill included a provision permitting owners of commercial centers to require providers of certain basic services , such as security and parking , to operate on Shabbat .
Following its approval by the committee , the bill heads to the full Knesset , where it is expected to be voted into law .
In explaining the rationale behind the law , MK Guetta cited a recent incident in the Sharona Market in Tel Aviv .
“ Gindi Holdings [ a large private real estate investment firm ] penalized a business owner to the tune of thousands of shekels because he did not open his business on Shabbat , despite the fact that he is a secular Jew who simply wanted to spend time with his family . ”
A representative of the Justice Ministry , Aya Dvir , warned that the bill impedes the right of business owners and renters to reach mutually beneficial contracts .
“ This constitutes a serious infringement on the freedom of contract ; we 're also limiting here [ existing ] valid contracts that were agreed upon and signed by two sides . This will create judicial problems . ”
CARACAS , Venezuela ( AP ) — Venezuela has rejected a United Nations proposal to send its longstanding border dispute with neighboring Guyana to an international court .
Foreign Affairs Minister Jorge Arreaza said Wednesday that his country will push for a diplomatic settlement spelled out in a 1966 agreement signed in Geneva .
His comment comes a day after U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres announced that he is sending the case to the International Court of Justice .
U.N. officials cite a provision of the Geneva accord that gives the secretary-general authority to find a solution if the two countries ca n't .
The territorial dispute between the two South American countries dates back to 1899 . The swath of disputed land makes up 40 percent of Guyana .
Unilever Zimbabwe has slashed salaries by 50 percent as part of a restructuring exercise the company has embarked on after it was affected by Government 's move to restrict the imports of some of its products and the challenges with foreign currency payments .
Unilever Zimbabwe is a net importer after it scaled down manufacturing at the country at the start of dollarisation .
However , fast moving consumer goods importations are not on top priority in terms of foreign currency allocation .
Already goods such as Handy Andy , Domestos and Sunlight Liquid are in short supply .
Well-placed sources say the current restructuring exercise is part of the company 's response to Government 's recent import restriction which adversely impacted its operations and could ultimately result in the company exiting the local market altogether .
Unilever corporate affairs director for Southern Africa Sibonile Dube said the move is in response to the prevailing economic landscape .
“ Following a review of our recent performance , Unilever Zimbabwe will be restructuring its operations in response to the prevailing economic landscape which has adversely impacted our business .
“ Despite taking many prudent measures to ensure business continuity over the years , the current economic challenges are such that the company has been compelled to make further strategic interventions to maintain the viability of our business , ”  said Mrs Dube in an emailed response to The Herald Business .
“ It has therefore become necessary to rescale some operations where appropriate as well as rationalise our employee numbers , ” she said . Unilever Zimbabwe has been in the country since 1943 .
Mrs Dube said the potential changes have been communicated to all employees and the process is being co-ordinated with employee representatives .
“ We remain mindful of the social consequences to employees who will be impacted by this business transformation . Providing the highest degree of support to our employees during this period , remains our utmost priority , ” she said . The Herald
DAKAR , Senegal ( AP ) — Amnesty International says Nigeria 's military has killed at least 35 people this year as it tries to calm growing violence between farmers and herdsmen .
The human rights group in a new report Tuesday says the communal violence over land has killed at least 168 people and displaced thousands across five states in Nigeria . The report says the military 's response is n't curbing the fighting and further threatens the communities it is trying to protect .
Amnesty 's Nigeria director Osai Ojigho is calling on the government to change its response to the deadly clashes to avoid worsening the crisis . He also calls for investigations to bring those responsible for the killings to justice .
Amnesty is blaming the unlawful killings and the military 's excessive use of force on soldiers being deployed too frequently .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the `` activate now '' button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Through it all , Facebook 's users were mostly unfazed . Sure , these apps collected data about their lives . But they seemed convenient and harmless , and , really , what could go wrong ?
Today , more than a decade later , the consequences of Facebook 's laissez-faire approach are becoming clear . Over the weekend , The New York Times reported that Cambridge Analytica , a British consulting firm , improperly acquired private data about roughly 50 million Facebook users , and used it to target voters on behalf of the Trump campaign during the 2016 presidential election .
What happened with Cambridge Analytica was n't technically a data breach , since this trove of personal information was n't stolen from Facebook 's servers . Rather , it was given away freely to the maker of a Facebook personality quiz app called “ thisisyourdigitallife . ”
That app , which was developed by a University of Cambridge professor , collected data about the 270,000 people who installed it , along with data about their Facebook friends , totaling 50 million people in all . The professor , Aleksandr Kogan , then gave the data he had harvested to Cambridge Analytica .
Technically , only this last step violated Facebook 's rules , which prohibit selling or giving away data collected by a third-party app . The rest was business as usual . Third-party apps collect vast amounts of detailed personal information about Facebook users every day , including their ages , location , pages they 've liked and groups they belong to . Users can opt out of sharing specific pieces of information , but it 's unclear how many do .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Interested in All Things Tech ? The Bits newsletter will keep you updated on the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
This kind of broad data collection is not only allowed but encouraged by Facebook , which wants to keep developers happily building on top of its platform . Permissiveness is a feature , as they say , not a bug .
But in the wake of incidents like the data leak to Cambridge Analytica , some are questioning the costs of such loose policies on an influential platform with 2.2 billion registered users .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ It seems insane that you can make haphazard decisions about so many people 's data , ” said Can Duruk , a technology consultant and software engineer . Facebook , he said , was “ extremely lax with what kind of data they allowed people to get . ”
In a Facebook post on Monday , Andrew Bosworth , a Facebook vice president , admitted that that thinking may have been a mistake .
“ We thought that every app could be social , ” Mr. Bosworth wrote . “ Your calendar should have your events and your friends birthdays , your maps should know where your friends live , your address book should show their pictures . It was a reasonable vision but it did n't materialize the way we had hoped . ”
An early clue about the potential for misuse of Facebook 's third-party developer tools came in 2010 when my colleague Emily Steel , then at The Wall Street Journal , reported that an online tracking company , RapLeaf , was collecting and reselling data it had gathered from third-party Facebook apps to marketing firms and political consultants . In response , Facebook cut off RapLeaf 's data access and said it would “ dramatically limit ” the misuse of its users ' personal information by outside parties .
But preventing data-hungry developers from exploiting Facebook 's treasure trove of personal information remained challenging . In 2015 , Facebook removed the ability of third-party developers to collect detailed information about the friends of users who had installed an app , citing privacy concerns . ( Cambridge Analytica 's data trove , which included this type of information , was gathered in 2014 , before the change . ) Facebook has also taken away tools used by developers to create games and quizzes that barraged users with annoying notifications .
But the core functions of Facebook 's open platform tool are still intact . There are still many third-party apps like “ thisisyourdigitallife ” out there , vacuuming up intimate data about Facebook users . That data does n't disappear , and Facebook has no real recourse to stop it from falling into the wrong hands .
Not all open data access is used irresponsibly . Researchers and nongovernmental organizations have used Facebook 's third-party development tools to respond to natural disasters . And many of the functions that internet users depend on — for example , the ability to import their digital address books into a new messaging app — are possible thanks only to the tools that allow for third-party development known as application programming interfaces , or A.P.I.s .
“ Everything we depend on uses A.P.I.s , ” said Kin Lane , a software engineer who maintains a website called API Evangelist . “ They 're in your home , in your business , in your car . It 's how these platforms innovate and do cool , interesting things . ”
In Facebook 's case , permissive data policies were also good for business . Third-party developers built millions of apps on top of Facebook 's platform , giving Facebook users more reasons to spend time on the site and generating more ad revenue for the company . Restricting access to data would limit Facebook 's usefulness to developers and could drive them to build on a rival platform instead , making those products better .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In this context , it 's even less surprising that Dr. Kogan and Cambridge Analytica were able to use a silly personality quiz to collect information about millions of Americans . After all , why else would the quiz be there ?
That said , the 910 is just long enough that it wo n't comfortably fit into a standard 13-inch laptop sleeve ; you 'll want to size up to one designed for 14- or 15-inch systems . Unfortunately , too , another cost of that bigger screen is some blank space at the bottom -- a thick black bar where instead of pixels you 'll find the 720p webcam . This is n't the first laptop we 've seen with a camera on the lower bezel , so I can say from experience that a setup like this could make for some potentially unflattering angles .
Those drawbacks notwithstanding , it 's a fine screen , with good contrast and viewing angles . Though higher-end configurations have 4K , 3,840 x 2,160 resolution , I tested the entry-level model , which has a lower-res full-HD screen and promises even longer battery life as a result . ( More on that in just a moment . )
Instead of a Windows Hello webcam , you 'll find a fingerprint reader at the right end of the palm rest . Unfortunately , the setup process was n't nearly as seamless as the Windows Hello cameras I 've tested -- I fought through repeated error messages saying the sensor could n't detect my finger . Worse , this fingerprint reader was n't nearly as reliable . More often than not , I was forced to enter a PIN instead .
Fortunately , the keyboard itself is mostly enjoyable to use . The buttons here are well-spaced and offer a surprising amount of travel , especially compared to competing laptops . The Control and Function buttons on the left are undersize , but this only occasionally tripped me up while attempting keyboard shortcuts . Speaking of the Function key , I appreciate that the Function row up top is home to things like brightness and volume controls , all of which you can control without having to hold down the Fn button . Having recently tested the MacBook Pro , which eschews the Function row entirely , I no longer take this for granted .
Sadly , the touchpad needs work . It 's spacious , which seemed like an auspicious enough start , but alas , even basic stuff like single-finger tracking feels like a chore . As on some other Windows laptops I 've tested , the trackpad has a tendency to latch onto stuff it was n't supposed to , causing me to do things like reorder my pinned browser tabs . In this case , though , when I did want to click and drag objects around on screen , the touchpad did n't always register my left click on my first choice , leaving me no choice but try try again ( and maybe again ) . I 'd say a firmware update is definitely in order here .
Like so many other new laptops , the 910 offers USB Type-C ports , though Lenovo mercifully left one full-size one to complement the two smaller USB-C sockets . Weirdly , though , the USB-C ports do n't work the same way : The one toward the back is a USB 2.0 connection meant for charging only , while the port next to it follows the USB 3.0 standard and is intended for video output . Neither supports Thunderbolt 3 . Again , the mix of ports is n't bad , but ideally , those USB-C ports would be interchangeable , as they are on competing machines , like the new MacBook Pro .
Performance and battery life
I had n't been doing much on the computer . I woke the morning after my birthday with one immediate goal in mind : Like and respond to all the nice Facebook posts people had left on my special day . And I did just that , occasionally stopping to check email and Twitter , but otherwise focused on the task at hand . To my surprise , even that was enough to get the fans spinning , with the noise loud enough for me to hear over my TV . The whirring persisted even after I took a break and walked away from the machine .
To their credit , at least , the fans do their stated job : The laptop never got hot on the underside -- unlike some other systems I 've tested recently . Speaking of the underbelly , the two JBL speakers deliver serviceable quality ( for a laptop ) and pretty robust volume ; when sitting alone in my apartment , I could get away with keeping the sound set at 30-something out of 100 .
If all you wanted was to check email , Facebook and Twitter , you could spend half or a third of the price for a Chromebook or budget Windows machine , and possibly get less fan noise , too . But the Yoga 910 is powerful enough for more than just basic use , which I 'd assume is a requirement for most people willing to spend $ 1,180-plus on a new laptop .
Indeed , that loud fan noise aside , the 910 is a fast machine . It boots in just seven seconds , and the NVMe-made SSD delivers average max read speeds of 1.59 gigabytes per second , according to the ATTO benchmark , though write speeds came in at a less remarkable 313 MB/s . The model I tested had the same 2.7GHz Core i7-7500U CPU and integrated Intel HD 620 graphics as the other available configurations , though my unit has 8GB of RAM and a full HD screen , whereas higher-end SKUs have 16 gigs of memory and 4K screen resolution .
It 's worth emphasizing that the 910 packs one of Intel 's new seventh-generation Core processors . What 's more , the 910 remains one of the few machines to date that actually offers it ( many rival systems are still stuck on older sixth-gen CPUs ) . You can see the edge in our benchmark results , listed above .
The 802.11ac wireless radio was mostly reliable , but on one occasion I was the only one in AOL 's office not able to connect to the usually-fast network . I had to disconnect the network and then toggle WiFi on and off before getting it to work . In general , too , the machine seemed slightly slower than its peers to reconnect to known networks after waking from sleep . Again , though , once connected , wireless speeds were consistently fast .
Battery life Lenovo Yoga 910 16:13 Surface Book with Performance Base ( 2016 ) 16:15 Apple MacBook Pro 2016 ( 13-inch , no Touch Bar ) 11:42 HP Spectre x360 ( 13-inch , 2015 ) 11:34 Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display ( 13-inch , 2015 ) 11:23 Apple MacBook Pro 2016 ( 15-inch ) 11:00 iPad Pro ( 12.9-inch , 2015 ) 10:47 HP Spectre x360 15t 10:17 Apple MacBook Pro 2016 ( 13-inch , Touch Bar ) 9:55 ASUS ZenBook 3 9:45 Apple MacBook ( 2016 ) 8:45 Samsung Notebook 9 8:16 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 7:15 HP Spectre 13 7:07 Razer Blade Stealth ( Spring 2016 ) 5:48 Razer Blade Stealth ( Fall 2016 ) 5:36 Dell XPS 15 ( 2016 ) 5:25 ( 7:40 with the mobile charger ) Razer Blade Pro ( 2016 ) 3:48 ASUS ROG Strix GL502VS 3:03
Spoiler alert : I saw much , much better battery life on the 910 than I did on last year 's Yoga 900 . There are two reasons for that . One , Lenovo stepped up to a larger battery : 78Wh , up from 66Wh . Second , whereas last year 's flagship was sold exclusively with a 3,200 x 1,800 display , the 910 is available with a lower-res ( and more power-efficient ) full HD screen option , which is the one I tested . All told , I got an average of 16 hours and 13 minutes on Engadget 's video rundown test -- even more than the 15.5 hours Lenovo promises on the full HD model . ( The company promises 10.5 hours with a 4K display and 16GB of RAM . )
Weirdly , early on in my testing I got one result in the 19-hour range and another around 17 hours , but neither of these stellar outcomes was reproducible ; it was only in the 16-hour range that I ended up seeing consistent results , so it 's from that batch of scores that I calculated the official score presented in the above table .
That 's obviously a big improvement over the nine hours and 36 minutes I logged on last year 's Yoga 900 . Sixteen-hour runtime is also good enough to the best most of its rivals , including the HP Spectre x360 and the new MacBook Pro .
Configuration options and the competition
The Yoga 910 starts at $ 1,180 on Lenovo 's website , though $ 1,330 is presented as the original price . This is the configuration we tested , which comes with a Core i7-7500U processor , 8GB of RAM , a 256GB solid-state drive and full HD display . For $ 1,280 ( usually $ 1,430 ) you get the same specs , but with a 4K display . Moving on , $ 1,630 nets you 16GB of memory and a 512GB SSD . Finally , for $ 1,650 you get the same processor , 16GB of RAM and 4K display , plus a terabyte of storage .
HP 's recently refreshed 13-inch Spectre x360 is remarkably similar , in everything from price to specs . The machine starts at $ 1,150 and weighs 2.85 pounds , also with a 360-degree hinge and metal body . It , too , packs Intel 's seventh-generation Core processors and up to 16GB of RAM and a terabyte of storage . The battery life is long , though not as quite as epic as the 910 's , and there 's no 4K screen option . The touchpad is also stubborn , but still better than the one Lenovo used . Also similar to the 910 , the x360 can get loud , and it runs warmer , too . Still , I prefer it to the 910 , partly because of the touchpad , and because it offers a Windows Hello webcam that performs far more reliably than the fingerprint reader on Lenovo 's laptop .
You should also check out Microsoft 's recently updated Surface Book thanks to its well-built design , 16-hour battery life and comfortable keyboard and trackpad , though the heavier weight ( 3.68 pounds ) and high price ( $ 1,499-plus ) might be a turnoff to some .
The 2.7-pound Dell XPS 13 ( $ 800-plus ) is also a perennial Engadget favorite , thanks to its small footprint , nearly bezel-less display , comfortable keyboard and well-constructed build . Though it 's had the same design for nearly two years now , Dell has done a good job updating the internals , with the maxed-out model offering the same seventh-generation Core i7 processor , 16GB of RAM and 1TB of storage as the competition . Problem is , that model will set you back a whopping $ 2,250 , which does n't seem reasonable given what Lenovo et al . are charging .
You no longer need an Android phone to try Google 's take on augmented reality drawing . The tech giant has released an iOS version of Just a Line that brings the same three-dimensional doodling to the iPhone crowd . It 's largely the same app you saw in March , but there 's a clever cross-platform twist : you can `` partner '' Android and iOS phones for two-person collaborative sketches . Both AR artists can see each other 's work while adding their own .
Ready for the caveat ? It 's still technically in beta . In a conversation with ZDNet , Box product VP Rand Wacker said the tech is good enough for use in the field -- it just does n't offer offline syncing yet .
If the broad strokes sound familiar , well , congratulations : you have a pulse and own a computer . Similar functionality has been available from cloud storage rivals and more for years now , and Box itself has been working on its native desktop app for at least two years . The delayed launch was almost certainly due to the nature of its most important customers . While competitors skew toward consumer use , Box has focused heavily on becoming the sort of platform large-scale enterprises rely on . That means serious security , among other things .
Sure , the average user can use Box Drive to ferry files into their slice of the cloud just fine . Your mom at home probably does n't need to worry about her online files being stored in compliance with HIPAA , though . In this case , Box thinks -- or hopes -- that companies in healthcare and financial services will take a shine to the new app , since those firms often rely on virtual machines where other syncing services can be wonky . ( Naturally , Box Drive also works with macOS and Windows . ) In any case , go forth -- go forth and manage your clouds and let your hearts be full of joy .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested .
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday . He says federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument .
The large banner said `` Abolish I.C.E . '' ICE is a division of the Department of Homeland Security whose officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the U.S. , among other duties .
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say they hung the banner to protest U.S. immigration policy . They oppose President Donald Trump 's administration and advocate ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border .
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president 's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Top Tech Execs Protest Trump 's Immigration Ban
A little over a month ago , tech industry leaders met with then-President-elect Donald Trump to discuss ways of working together . Over the weekend , however , several top Silicon Valley executives criticized the White House for an executive order that temporarily bars people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S . The executive order signed by Trump on Friday set off a weekend of air travel chaos , large public protests and rapid responses by attorneys seeking to help green card holders and other travelers who were detained at airports across the country . It also created new challenges for a tech industry that 's led by many immigrants and employs many professionals from overseas . As of this morning , tech leaders who had made public statements critical of the executive order included Google CEO Sundar Pichai ( pictured above ) , Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella , Lyft co-founders Logan Green and John Zimmer , Apple CEO Tim Cook , Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg . Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick , both of whom are members of Trump 's business advisory council , said they planned to raise the issue with other council members and discuss their concerns with the president . Impact Is 'Real and Upsetting ' `` It 's painful to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues , '' Google 's Pichai , who came to the U.S. from India , wrote in a memo to employees , according to a Bloomberg report . `` We 've always made our view on immigration issues known publicly and will continue to do so . '' Google co-founder Sergey Brin , who was born in the former Soviet Union , went to San Francisco International Airport on Saturday to join other protestors against the travel ban . `` The Executive Order 's humanitarian and economic impact is real and upsetting , '' Twitter 's Dorsey said Saturday in a tweet . `` We benefit from what refugees and immigrants bring to the U.S. '' Dorsey was one of the few top tech executives not invited to last month 's summit with Trump , reportedly because Trump , a frequent Twitter user , was angered that the site declined to allow an anti-Hillary Clinton emoji during the presidential campaign . `` As an immigrant and as a CEO , I 've both experienced and seen the positive impact that immigration has on our company , for the country , and for the world , '' Nadella wrote Saturday on LinkedIn , noting that Microsoft 's president and chief legal officer Brad Smith had sent an email about the matter to all company employees . `` We will continue to advocate on this important topic . '' `` My great grandparents came from Germany , Austria and Poland , '' Facebook 's Zuckerberg said in a blog post on Friday , adding that his wife , Priscilla , was born to refugees from China and Vietnam . `` The United States is a nation of immigrants , and we should be proud of that . Like many of you , I 'm concerned about the impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump . '' Uber Criticized for JFK Airport Services While Kalanick sent an email to Uber employees on Saturday expressing opposition to the travel ban and support for drivers who might be affected by the order , his company found itself the target of a `` DeleteUber '' campaign on Twitter . The action was launched by Twitter user Dan O'Sullivan after Uber announced Saturday that it would suspend surge pricing for trips to and from JFK International Airport . That evening , the New York City Taxi Workers Alliance had said that it would not offer airport rides to show support for refugees , immigrants and protestors . Uber competitor Lyft , meanwhile , drew attention Sunday for its pledge to donate $ 1 million to the American Civil Liberties Union over the next four years `` to defend our constitution . '' `` Banning people of a particular faith or creed , race or identity , sexuality or ethnicity , from entering the U.S. is antithetical to both Lyft 's and our nation 's core values , '' Green and Zimmer wrote in a blog post . `` We stand firmly against these actions , and will not be silent on issues that threaten the values of our community . '' Read more on : Satya Nadella , Sundar Pichal , Mark Zuckerberg , Tim Cook , Jack Dorsey , Elon Musk , Travis Kalanick , Donald Trump , Government , Top Tech News Comment :
Name :
kate : Posted : 2017-02-06 @ 8:08am PT So why is n't Cisco on the list ? ? Policy Watch : Posted : 2017-02-03 @ 8:59am PT Quoting from the Daily Wire article `` Here 's A List Of All The Muslim Countries That Ban Jews , '' and wondering where 's the public outrage about bans by these countries :
Syria , Iran , Iraq , Yemen , Libya , Algeria , Bangladesh , Brunei , Kuwait , Lebanon , Malaysia , Oman , Pakistan , Sudan , Saudi Arabia , United Arab Emirates .
`` Fake news infected the body politic this week as liberals lost their minds over President Trump 's falsely-labeled 'Muslim ban , ' which bars refugees from seven high-risk Muslim majority countries ( previously identified by President Obama 's own Department of Homeland Security ) for a period of 90 days . The so-called temporary 'ban , ' issued via presidential executive order , was designed to assess the national security treat posed by ISIS militants infiltrating refugee populations . To be clear , Trump 's executive order does n't even scratch the surface of banning all Muslims . That 's a fiction peddled by social justice warriors intent on exploiting the public 's fears about fascism to galvanize support for their pet causes and 'non-profits . '
`` The hypocrisy of anti-Trump protesters was recently highlighted by Tory members of UK parliament who finally put the spotlight on the rampant anti-Semitism of the Muslim world .
`` In the light of the fact that most of the countries covered by the Trump ban have a total exclusion on the admission of Israeli citizens , should n't the protestors also be calling for that ban to be lifted ? ' asked former Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villier at a Q & A session with Prime Minister Theresa May . '' Laurie : Posted : 2017-01-31 @ 4:56pm PT It 's a temporary ban to help the US improve immigration laws that are already in effect . It 's to keep our people safe . It 's to buy some time while a better vetting process is put into place to ensure the US does n't welcome with open arms potential terrorists who are radicalized and ready to kill our people at a moment 's notice .
It 's also very inconvenient for some , and unfair to other law-abiding individuals . Hopefully , they can work out the kinks in the system and come up with a better solution very soon .
This is certainly not the first inconvenient government policy to prevent radical Islamic extremists from killing our people .
Have you traveled lately ? Is n't it bizarre and outrageous that we have to take off our shoes as we pass through security ?
And why ? Because a radicalized terrorist decided to put a bomb in his shoe once ... and now , we all have to take off our shoes to get through airport security .
It 's outrageous , but we do it willingly because we all would rather be safe than sorry .
This latest ban is most likely a temporary measure , until better vetting processes and precautions can be put in place . Certainly it 's unfair to some and inconvenient for many . But still , I would rather be safe than sorry .
Millions of pounds of unclaimed inheritance is waiting to be claimed from the government , with some of this owed to people in Derbyshire .
Records published by the Treasury have revealed that there are more than 31 unclaimed estates with links to Derbyshire that could be worth a lot of money .
When someone dies with no will or no known family , their property will be passed on to the Crown as ownerless property . This is called 'Bona Vacantia ' .
This could be any type of property , including buildings , money or personal posessions , ranging from very little value to potentially millions .
However , people could entitle to a share of the deceased person 's property , or estate , if you 're a relative .
The latest release published by the Treasury Solicitor has revealed that there are more than 31 people with unclaimed assets with links to Derbyshire .
The details on the value of their estates have n't been published .
When someone dies without leaving a valid or effective will the following people are entitled to claim the estate :
- husband , wife or civil partner
- children , grandchildren , great grandchildren and so on
- mother or father
- brothers or sisters who share both the same mother and father , or their children ( nieces and nephews )
- half brothers or sisters or their children
- grandparents
- uncles and aunts or their children
- half uncles and aunts or their children
If you notice a name on this list which you think could be a former relative then you could be in for a bit of money .
To register a claim for the estate , send a family tree to the Bona Vacantia Division of the Government Legal Department .
This must show how you are related to the person who has died , and include the dates of birth , marriage and death of all those on the tree .
If it appears you are entitled to claim the estate , then you may be asked to prove your relation through birth certificates etc .
Here is a list of the people who have died and their date of birth ( if published ) who have links to the Derbyshire area . If you recognise their name then you could be entitled to claim their estate .
Arthur David Bannister
Ernest Bennett - 24/10/1915
MaureenBennett - 13/03/1960
Alfred Brown - 24/11/1909
Dorothy Cade - 18/12/1922
Derek Cannon - 24/07/1932
James Conneally - 17/03/1921
Margaret Mary Davies - 04/08/1925
Anne Ellis - 22/01/1938
Feliks Frajmut - 29/03/1924
John Fraser
Walter Froggatt - 21/12/1906
Valda Inta Hudson - 27/04/1937
Francis Jakowicz - 24/08/1914
Lily Johnson
James Francis Knight
Herbert Krumins - 26/12/1921
Elsie Margaret Loach - 12/12/1925
Phyllis Hilary Elizabeth Mayne - 10/03/1922
Michael James McGlynn -18/10/1926
John Francis Mulligan -11/10/1921
Gordon Simpson -07/05/1923
Kazimerz Struzik - 09/02/1922
John William Sykes - 10/11/1915
Zigmunt Tarasiewicz - 23/03/1926
Eric Thompson - 09/04/1933
Veronica Weston - 01/08/1922
Joan Whitehouse - 28/10/1922
Norman Wild - 17/11/1925
Anne Wilson - 17/03/1920
Ada Lilian Wright - 20/10/1903
To find out more , click here .
We 've been mining Keith Paul Bishop 's report on the Curci Investments , LLC v. Baldwin , Cal . Ct. App . Case No . G052764 ( Aug. 10 , 2017 ) , decision . lastly , we note his complaint that :
... under the category of “ hopelessly confused ” , I happened across the following description of Curci :
Reverse veil piercing may be available when the only shareholders of a limited liability corporation are both liable for a debt to a judgment creditor .
However , the case involved members of an LLC , not shareholders , and the entity was an LLC , not a limited liability corporation ( whatever that might be ) .
This will doubtless set off friend of the blog Joshua Fershee , whose blogging career has included any number of complaints about this sort of lazy , mindless , stupid terminology use . As he recently noted :
Regular readers know that I monitor courts and other legal outlets for improper references to LLCs as `` limited liability corporations '' when the writer means `` limited liability companies . '' I get a Westlaw update every day . Really . Every day . So while it may seem that I write about examples a lot , I tend to think I am showing great restraint .
Some might suggest that Joshua 's developed an idée fixe verging on the Ahabian . But I must confess to sharing his annoyance . You see , misusing terminology leads to misapplied doctrine .
LLCs are not corporations . They should not be treated as such . Investors are heterogeneous and the best approach therefore is to offer them standard form contracts—off the rack rules—that provide significant choice . Courts will maximize investor welfare by letting investors choose the form best suited to their business . If courts and legislatures treat LLCs and corporations the same , they reduce the differences between the two forms and thus reduce the social welfare that comes from having different forms among which investors can choose .
Calling LLCs corporations leads to a mindset that treats them the same rather as that emphasizes their differences .
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday said Israel will retain security control over the Palestinians as part of any future peace deal , deepening Palestinian fears that Israel and the Trump administration are colluding on a proposal that will fall far short of their dreams of independence .
Netanyahu 's statement exposed a deepening rift that has emerged between the U.S. and Israel on one hand , and the Palestinians and the Europeans on the other , ahead of an expected peace push by the Trump administration . Those disagreements could complicate things for the U.S. team .
Since taking office , President Donald Trump has distanced himself somewhat from the two-state solution — the outcome favored by the international community , including Trump 's predecessors , for the past two decades .
Instead , he has said he would support Palestinian independence only if Israel agrees . The European Union , meanwhile , along with the rest of the international community , remains committed to the two-state solution .
These differences were evident at a meeting Wednesday between Netanyahu and the German foreign minister , Sigmar Gabriel .
In an awkward exchange , Gabriel said his country is `` very much in favor '' of the two-state solution .
`` I was very thankful to hear that of course also the government of Israel wants to have two states , but ( with secure ) borders , '' he said .
Netanyahu broke in with a clarification .
He said Israel 's `` first condition , '' would be to control security west of the Jordan River , an area that includes all of the West Bank , the heartland of the Palestinians ' hoped-for state .
`` Whether or not it is defined as a state when we have the military control is another matter , '' he said . `` I 'd rather not discuss labels , but substance . ''
That suggests Israel would prefer something most observers would more likely define as autonomy than independence — an arrangement that would have few if any equivalents in the world .
The Palestinians claim all of the West Bank , east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip , areas captured by Israel in 1967 , for their state . Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005 , but it has settled over 600,000 people in the West Bank and east Jerusalem , making it increasingly difficult to partition the land .
Nabil Abu Rdeneh , spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , said the Palestinians would not accept the presence of `` one Israeli soldier '' on sovereign Palestinian lands .
`` Either there will be full Palestinian sovereignty or there will be no security , no peace and no stability , '' he said .
Advocates of the two-state solution , including Israel 's opposition parties , have long argued that the establishment of a Palestinian state is essential for Israel 's own survival . Without a Palestinian state , they say that the number of Jews and Arabs under Israeli control will be roughly equal .
Israel would then have to choose between granting millions of Palestinians citizenship , threatening the country 's status as a Jewish-majority democracy , or turning into an apartheid-like state where Jews and Palestinians have different sets of rights .
It is far from certain that Netanyahu 's envisioned solution would ease international concerns over Israel 's half-century occupation over the Palestinians .
The Palestinians have long been suspicious of Trump 's Mideast team , led by his son-in-law Jared Kushner , due to their deep connections to Israel and years of support to the West Bank settlement movement .
Those suspicions deepened after Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel 's capital last month . The Palestinians accused Trump of siding with Israel and said they would no longer accept the U.S. as a mediator .
Palestinian officials now claim that Trump 's team is working with Israel on a plan that would give them a mini-state in roughly half of the West Bank , with Israel retaining overall security control , as well as control over Jerusalem and its holy sites . Final borders and the fate of Israel 's dozens of settlements would be decided later . The officials say a third country with close ties to the U.S. recently presented details of the proposal .
When they tried to negotiate improvements , they say they were told it was a `` take it or leave it '' plan . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were discussing a classified diplomatic issue .
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Officials have said recently that the White House is still working on its proposal , and have refused to say when it might be unveiled .
On Wednesday , European officials urged the administration not to go it alone .
`` Any framework for negotiations must be multilateral and must involve all players , '' EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said in Brussels . `` Nothing without the United States , nothing with the United States alone . ''
At an academic conference in Tel Aviv , Gabriel , the German foreign minister , expressed grave concern for Israel 's future , saying the government 's ambivalence toward a Palestinian state showed a lack of direction and suggesting that Trump 's unflinching support was n't necessarily in Israel 's best interest .
Gabriel said that in Europe `` there is clearly growing frustration with Israel 's actions , '' and asked Israelis : `` How do you want Israel 's future to look like ? Are you prepared to pay the price of perpetual occupation ? ''
LONDON -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 23 , 2018 -- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of over 4 % during the period 2018-2022 , according to their latest report .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006231/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global iron oxide pigments market from 2018-2022 . ( Graphic : Business Wire )
Increasing demand for nano-iron oxide pigments is a key trend which is expected to impact the market outlook over the forecast period . Leading vendors are increasingly investing in R & D to capture a large proportion of market shares through new product introductions . The incorporation of potential materials such as nanoparticles in coatings and other technologies is a relatively new concept in the market . The demand for nano-sized iron oxide pigments is increasing in the construction , coating , and cosmetics end-user industries .
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only :
Save more with Technavio . Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE :
In this report , Technavio analysts highlight increasing offshore exploration and production investments as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global iron oxide pigments market :
Increasing offshore exploration and production investments
The increase in the demand for energy and the depletion of onshore reserves have made oil and gas companies invest significantly in offshore oil and gas reserves . The rising drilling activities and the high demand from the offshore rigs and floating production storage and offloading are likely to foster the demand for iron oxide pigments . These pigments are used as lubricants in oil drilling rigs and as catalysts in the petroleum industry .
Increasing offshore activities and construction projects are fueling the consumption of oil and gas , thereby driving the demand for iron oxide pigments . Moreover , these iron-based automotive coatings are widely used in OEM components such as cylinder heads , crankcases , transmission housings , engine blocks , pumps , bearings , suspension systems , bodywork parts , and wheels ( with both exterior and interior furnishings ) .
“ Also , the increased demand for automotive coatings is expected to drive the global iron oxide pigments market during the forecast period . Different types of iron oxide pigments ( based on the particle size ) are used , including micaceous , opaque , and transparent pigments . These transparent iron oxide pigments is widely used , owing to their various benefits such as the reduction in the coloring cost , improved transparency , UV absorption , and color consistency , ” says a senior analyst at Technavio for research .
Looking for more information on this market ?
Technavio 's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast , drivers , challenges , trends , and more .
Global iron oxide pigments market segmentation
This market research report segments the by product ( synthetic iron oxide pigments and natural iron oxide pigments ) , by end-user ( construction , paints and coatings , foundry , industrial chemicals , and others ) and key regions ( APAC , Europe , North America , and ROW ) .
Of the four major end-user segments , the construction segment held the largest market share in 2017 , accounting for over 53 % of the market , followed by the paints and coatings segment .
In terms of geography , APAC held the largest market share accounting for close to 45 % , followed by Europe , North America , and ROW . Also , APAC is expected to emerge as the only region that will witness a growth in its market share over the forecast period . The market share of all the other three regions is expected to dip by 2022 .
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company . Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions .
With over 500 specialized analysts , Technavio 's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting , covering 800 technologies , spanning across 50 countries . Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes , including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies . This growing client base relies on Technavio 's comprehensive coverage , extensive research , and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios .
If you are interested in more information , please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006231/en/
CONTACT : Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US : +1 844 364 1100
UK : +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD :
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : ENERGY OIL/GAS MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY OTHER CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY
SOURCE : Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/23/2018 01:52 PM/DISC : 04/23/2018 01:52 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006231/en
TAGBILARAN CITY , Bohol — An environmental lawyer was shot and killed by still unidentified gunmen while she was driving her three young children home in the capital city of Tagbilaran , Bohol , on Wednesday afternoon .
Mia Manuelita Cumba Masacariñas-Green , 49 , died of bullet wounds in the head and body . Her children , one aged 9 and her two-year-old twins , were unharmed but they were shocked and shaken .
Supt . Nicomedes Olaivar , Tagbilaran police chief , said they were still determining , as of Wednesday night , the motive behind the killing . He said they would check the cases she had handled to find out if the killing was job-related .
ADVERTISEMENT
Masacariñas-Green was known as an environmental lawyer when she was a member of the Environmental Legal Assistance Center ( ELAC ) . She had also handled civil and criminal cases .
Olaivar said the victim was driving her children home to Centro 1 , Dampas District , Tagbilaran past 4 p.m. on Wednesday , when she was shot .
As her Toyota Innova ( plate number ABM 9572 ) reached the corner of H. Zamora and J.A . Clarin Streets in Dao District at 4:27 p.m. , two motorcycles blocked the road and fired at her .
Her children were seated on the passenger seat in the back , but the perpetrators aimed their guns at Masacariñas-Green and hit their target .
Olaivar said witnesses told the police that the assailants ' motorcycles did n't have plate numbers . They also left immediately after firing at the victim and headed toward Corella town .
At least 24 empty shells were recovered from the crime scene .
Masacariñas-Green was hit in the head and body and was rushed to the Holy Name University Medical Center where she died .
Olaivar said police investigators had yet to determine the motive behind the attack as manhunt operation had been launched against the gunmen .
“ She was really a passionate and devoted lawyer , ” said lawyer Ted Lagang , president of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines ( IBP ) -Bohol chapter .
Provincial board member Abeleon Damalerio , who rushed to the hospital upon hearing what happened , said Masacariñas-Green was a lawyer devoted to her profession .
“ She was always prepared for the cases she was handling . Her level of devotion to her cases could not be questioned , ” said Damalerio .
Lagang condemned the killing and called on authorities to bring the perpetrators to justice . SFM
The International Federation of Sport Climbing ( IFSC ) have selected French city Toulouse to host its qualification event for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games .
No date for the event has been announced but it will take place in 2019 before climbing 's Olympic debut in the Japanese capital a year later .
Toulouse was chosen by the IFSC Executive Board after four cities bid for the right to host the event .
American city Los Angeles , a two-time host of the Summer Olympics which will host the Games again in 2028 , was among those to miss out .
Russian capital Moscow , the 1980 Olympic host , and Chongqing in China were also overlooked .
Climbing will make its Olympic debut at Tokyo 2020 ©Getty Images
The IFSC said that the pitch by French governing body the Federation Francaise de la Montagne et de l'Escalade ( FFME ) had swung proceedings in their favour .
`` FFME presented a very detailed candidature , based on its experience in organising international events , '' a statement said .
`` A special recognition goes to the other candidates . ''
Sport climbing was one of five sports to be added to the Tokyo 2020 programme by the International Olympic Committee in 2016 .
Karate , surfing and skateboarding will also debut while baseball/softball will return after being axed following Beijing 2008 .
Both bouldering and lead climbing competitions will take place in Tokyo .
Early New Year 's Day , Twitter erupted as news services reported that the Queen was again missing church because of a heavy cold .
That the monarch 's church-going appearance , or lack thereof , is generating headlines is because of its rarity . The Queen may be 90 , but her work ethic and stamina is legendary . It takes more than a case of the sniffles to make her cancel one event , let alone three . Those no-shows are a sudden reminder that the Queen is not immortal . It also puts everyone , especially the media , on alert for the death of a monarch who has done the same high-profile job for nearly 65 years . When Queen Elizabeth dies , it is going to be a once-in- a-lifetime extravaganza of restrained pomp and circumstance . The closest parallel may be the death of her great-great grandmother , Queen Victoria , in 1901 . But let 's not get ahead of ourselves .
On Dec. 9 , the Queen performed one of her regular duties , meeting ambassadors . Clad in a pink dress , wearing her trademark triple strand of pearls and diamond brooch , black handbag carefully slung over her left forearm , she looked the picture of health .
Those formal photographs were the last glimpses of Elizabeth II . She undertook a few private duties , each carefully recorded by the Court Circular—the official list of royal engagements—but has n't been seen in public since . ( Her Christmas Day address and videotaped best wishes to Canada on its 150th anniversary , released on New Year 's Eve , were recorded well in advance . )
The Queen sends her best wishes for the 150th anniversary of Confederation . @ RoyalFamily pic.twitter.com/ebDQjhNbI7 — David Johnston ( @ GGDavidJohnston ) January 1 , 2017
On Wednesday , Dec. 21 , her usual 90-minute train ride from London to Sandringham was cancelled . Buckingham Palace announced that she and Prince Philip had heavy colds . The next day , in a concession to their health , they flew by helicopter to the Queen 's Norfolk estate , where she 's spent her winter retreat since 1988 , when even the vast Windsor Castle became too small to hold her extended family .
Usually on Christmas Day , the Queen is driven to church while the rest of the family walks . This year , a sizable contingent , including Philip , were there on Dec. 25 . The Queen was n't .
“ Her Majesty the Queen will not attend church at Sandringham this morning , ” a palace spokeman said . “ The Queen continues to recover from a heavy cold and will stay indoors to assist with her recovery . Her Majesty will participate in the Royal Family Christmas celebrations during the day . ”
Given the number of famous people who died in December , including George Michael , Carrie Fisher and her mother Debbie Reynolds , everyone was concerned about the Queen 's health . It did n't help that a series of royals were ill over the holidays : Queen Sonja of Norway cancelled Christmas activities because of a serious cold , Queen Silvia of Sweden was hospitalized for two days , also because of a cold ; former Queen Paola of Belgium fell on a staircase and fractured a vertebra while Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg was hospitalized following bronchitis .
Then , four days later , on Thursday , Dec. 30 , a fake BBC Twitter account sent alarm bells ringing with this false report : “ BREAKING : Buckingham Palace announces the death of Queen Elizabeth II at the age of 90 . Circumstances are unknown . More to follow . ”
Royal watchers waited for the next Sunday , New Year 's Day . Would the Queen go to church ? The palace , normally close mouthed about the Queen 's health , was unusually forthcoming , saying the Queen would decide on Sunday morning if she was well enough to attend .
Again , she cancelled . The palace says it was a “ precautionary measure ” given the cold , wet weather as she was “ still recuperating ” from a heavy cold , BBC reports . And there was “ no sense of undue concern . ”
Then , as news services issued breaking alerts that the Queen was still unwell , the palace again tried to tamp down anxiety , telling reporters that she was working on her state duties—reading government documents from her famous red leather boxes . And Princess Anne , not normally the chattiest of royals , told well-wishers outside the Sandringham church that her mother was doing “ better . ”
So , in 10 days , the Queen has cancelled three events . It 's so unusual that royal specialists ca n't remember the last time this happened . Queen Elizabeth II has always been the very essence of a perfect monarch . It took a cold for everyone to remember that she 's also human . Bad colds can be hard to shake , even if the sufferer is healthy . It 's even harder when the person is 90 years old .
Are royal watchers alarmed ? No . Are we concerned ? Yes . The world will remain anxious until Queen Elizabeth II does appear in public , looking hale and hearty .
Rapper Kid Cudi released his cult-classic Man on the Moon : The End of Day in September 2009 and the albums second track , “ Soundtrack To My Life ” instantly became a fan favorite that has stood the test of time . The lyrics on the track , although deep and personal , resonated with music fans who instantly gravitated to Cudi 's openness . DJBooth recently released an interview with Kid Cudi that was originally conducted on the day his Man On The Moon album was released . ( Sept. 30 , 2009 ) There , Cudi explained his mentality writing “ Soundtrack , ” stating it came from “ an ignorant standpoint . ”
Per Genius .
I wrote that song from an ignorant standpoint , man—I wanted to have ignorance be the undertone of the whole song . And it really is to show what one thinks when his back is up against the wall . It 's really to flip Jay 's line and kind of use it in my favor . It worked—it 's the only way I could 've explained the situation .
In the hip-hop world , Cudi has risen back to prominence the last couple of years . He contributed to Kanye West 's hit “ Father Stretch My Hands ” and stole the show with his collaboration with Travis Scott on “ Through The Late Night. ” Currently , Cudi lent a hand with a show-stopping verse on A $ AP Rocky 's “ A $ AP Forever Remix ” and has an album with Kanye West titled Kids See Ghost that is to drop June 8 .
LANSING , Mich. ( AP ) — Michigan 's 2018 elections will come into clearer focus Tuesday , the deadline for candidates to file for top offices such as governor , Congress and the Legislature .
Next is a 3½-month slog to the August primary , followed by the general election in November .
For Democrats , 2018 is make or break — a chance to take back power from Republicans who fully control the governments in Lansing and Washington , D.C. For the GOP , it is an opportunity to defy historical and cyclical trends that suggest trouble for the president 's party in midterm elections despite Donald Trump 's surprise Michigan victory in 2016 .
A look at the key races :
___
GOVERNOR
Second-term Gov . Rick Snyder 's impending departure under term limits has led four Republicans and three Democrats into a battle to follow him . The GOP field includes three candidates with elective experience — state Attorney General Bill Schuette , Lt. Gov . Brian Calley and state Sen. Patrick Colbeck — and one newcomer , Dr. Jim Hines . Calley is running on Michigan 's economic turnaround under Snyder 's watch , while rival Schuette is touting a proposed income tax cut and his support from President Donald Trump . The conservative Colbeck bills himself as an anti-special interest candidate with `` principled solutions , '' while Hines is the non-politician outsider .
The Democratic side features former Senate Minority Leader Gretchen Whitmer and two candidates who have never held elective office : businessman Shri Thanedar and ex-Detroit health director Abdul El-Sayed . Whitmer says her legislative experience is needed to fix roads and schools neglected by Republicans . Thanedar is spending millions of his own money as Snyder did and hopes his rags-to-riches immigrant story resonates . El-Sayed , a young doctor and public health expert who would be the country 's first Muslim governor , is refusing corporate campaign money and touting liberal issues such as Medicare for all and a $ 15-an-hour minimum wage .
___
SENATE
Democratic U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow is up for re-election after coasting to victory in her two previous re-election campaigns . Her Republican opponent will be John James , an African-American Iraq War veteran and executive in his family 's logistics business , or Sandy Pensler , a business turnaround expert whose investment group owns four manufacturing plants . Pensler has given $ 5 million to his campaign and said unlike the GOP nominees who lost to Stabenow in 2012 and 2006 , `` I have n't been in politics before . '' He says that he has the money to hold Stabenow `` to her record , which is not a good one for Michigan . '' James said he can broaden the party to include millennial and minority voters . `` This seat will not be bought . It must be earned , '' he said . Outside spending will depend on the national battle for control of the Senate , where the map favors Republicans but the national climate favors Democrats .
___
HOUSE
Democrats need to pick up at least 24 seats to take control of the House for the last two years of Trump 's first term , and some key targets are in Michigan . They include the GOP-leaning 11th District in suburban Detroit , where Rep. Dave Trott is retiring . At least five Republicans and three Democrats had filed as of noon . Another competitive seat is the 8th , which stretches between the northern Detroit suburbs and Lansing and is represented by Republican Rep. Mike Bishop . Democrat Elissa Slotkin , who had U.S. intelligence , national security and defense roles during the Obama and Bush administrations , must first win a primary against progressive Michigan State University professor Chris Smith to advance .
Former Rep. John Conyers ' resignation and the approaching retirement of Rep. Sandy Levin have sparked a number of Democrats — including their sons — to jump into primaries that will decide the long-time lawmakers ' successors , given they are Democratic-heavy seats . In the 9th District in suburban Detroit , Levin 's son Andy will face two other Democrats . In the 13th , which includes parts of Detroit and western Wayne County , candidates include Conyers ' son John and state Sen. Coleman Young II — the son of the former Detroit mayor . Many more were expected to file by day 's end .
___
Online :
List of who has filed : http : //miboecfr.nictusa.com/election/candlist/2018PRI_CANDLIST.html
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . His work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/David % 20Eggert
OROVILLE , Calif. ( AP ) — The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and his family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again .
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country 's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways do n't hold .
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night .
`` There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases , '' Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday , telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant .
That 's why Azevedo was n't budging yet .
`` My plan is to stay here , '' said Azevedo , who evacuated from Marysville with his wife , Tasha , their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives . They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley , Calif. and he planned to wait out this week 's upcoming storm before returning home . Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday .
`` I 'm not trying to risk traffic , being stuck in floods . I 'm safe where I 'm at , '' Azevedo said .
Many other evacuees , such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston , could n't wait to get back home .
`` You do n't appreciate home until it 's taken away from you , '' said Johnston , 69 , who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico , California . As she packed the blankets , pillows and clothing she had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag , she reflected on the mad rush to leave , the chaos , confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out . `` It was just frustrating . Very frustrating . ''
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure 's main spillway . The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion .
Two days after issuing the evacuation order , officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained .
Over the weekend , the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours , leaving it badly eroded . The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam 's main concrete spillway .
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion . Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary .
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains .
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam 's water levels continued to decrease but it did n't say by how much .
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir 's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon . Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain . They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm .
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night . But the storm was looking colder than initially projected , meaning less rain and less runoff than last week 's storms .
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras , the state water agency said .
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $ 100 million to $ 200 million , Croyle said . Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends .
Gov . Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation .
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday , just a few hours after saying the situation was stable , forcing families to rush to pack up and get out .
Honea , the county sheriff , said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems .
But after two days away from home , tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary . They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff 's warning to remain vigilant .
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment 's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday .
`` We 're all coming back and pack and be ready this time , '' Remocal said . `` This time we 're going to be on call like they said . ''
___
Elias reported from San Francisco .
___
Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker , Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco ; Don Thompson in Sacramento ; Terry Chea in Grass Valley , California ; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma , California ; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles .
A memorial service will be held for a Marin County sheriff 's deputy who died in a solo-vehicle crash in the west part of the county , sheriff 's officials said.A service for 24-year-old Ryan Zirkle of Petaluma is scheduled for 11 a.m. Friday at the Marin Center at 10 Avenue of the Flags in San Rafael.Zirkle lost control of his vehicle on a left turn on state Highway 1 just north of Point Reyes Station Road shortly after midnight last Thursday , California Highway Patrol spokesman Andrew Barclay said.The vehicle went off an embankment on the right side of the road and struck a tree.Zirkle was hired as a deputy in December 2015 . He was assigned to the Point Reyes substation.Marin County Sheriff Robert Doyle said someone called 911 to report signs of a traffic accident and then hung up.Doyle said Zirkle had not been heard from for several minutes so his partner was dispatched to investigate and discovered the crash.First-responders needed 35 minutes to remove Zirkle from his vehicle . He was flown to Petaluma Valley Hospital where he died.Doyle said Zirkle grew up and attended schools in Novato and attended Sacramento State University.He was described as a happy , enthusiastic , positive man who wanted to serve the community.Zirkle 's fiancée was out of town at the time of the crash and her father returned her to Marin County . Zirkle recently bought her a home in Petaluma , Doyle said .
Sports “ has the power to bring us together , even when the country is divided , ” he insisted , adding , “ There 's a direct line between Jackie Robinson and me standing here . ”
Mr. Obama 's earnest belief that sports “ speaks to something better in us ” is a common trope among aficionados . They extol the grace and courage of favorite players , the ecumenical bonding experience of fandom , and especially those moments when a devotion to athletic prowess overpowers prejudice .
But the current occupant of the Oval Office has given voice to a more primal , and frankly powerful , vision of sports , the same one Orwell identified seven decades ago : “ Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play , ” Orwell wrote . “ It is bound up with hatred , jealousy , boastfulness , disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in violence . ”
Anyone familiar with the president 's Twitter feed — which has become both his bully pulpit and his confessional booth — would have a hard time disputing that his brand of politics exudes this sporting spirit .
Mr. Trump is ruled by a lust for competitive prestige , which he achieves by bragging and stoking feuds . Like no other president before him , he has abandoned the Jeffersonian ideal of compromise in favor of the zero-sum game . For him to win , the other side must lose .
It can be tempting to mock a leader who nurses his ego by gazing at a map of his “ massive ” Electoral College victory . But Mr. Trump is president , in no small part , because he was able to exploit the sporting spirit within us .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
As Americans have become geographically uprooted and spiritually unmoored , they have turned to sports as a source of tribal identity , a primarily masculine refuge from the anxieties of adulthood , the lingua franca in a fragmented culture . The hours we spend consuming sports dwarfs the amount devoted to political activism , volunteer work , even religious worship .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
From the moment he began his campaign , Mr. Trump understood that most Americans have exchanged the burdens of citizenship for the pleasures of fandom . And he intuited that politics , for all its precious norms and pretensions , was at its root a blood sport .
While his primary opponents droned on about policy , Mr. Trump dominated debates simply by trash talking . At rallies , he bragged about his poll numbers and urged partisans to pummel protesters . He mocked elitist losers and vowed to usher in an era of winning .
Establishment Republicans yelped that he needed to pivot to a gentler , more inclusive tone . But in the end nearly all of them voted for Mr. Trump . They did so because of what political scientists call “ negative partisanship , ” an ingrained hatred for the other party that is often entirely divorced from ethics or policy .
Orwell would have seen in this pattern the infiltration of the sporting spirit into our political culture . The result is voters whose prevailing ethos boils down to the motto of Al Davis , the former owner of the Oakland Raiders : “ Just win , baby. ” Even if you need to suppress votes , or gerrymander districts , or get help from Russian agents to do it .
But Americans across the political spectrum got caught up in the same spirit . Think about how much time liberals spent hate-watching Mr. Trump 's rallies , or hitting refresh on predictive models such as The Times 's Upshot meter . They , too , gobbled up stories that focused on strategy and poll numbers . Is it any wonder that the news media spent so much time focused on the scoreboard , and not the stakes ?
We should all be alarmed by a postelection study , conducted by Harvard 's Shorenstein Center , which revealed that just 10 percent of the 2016 election coverage focused on policy . But we should also understand that this dismal statistic redounds to us .
A year into the Trump presidency , the news media continues to treat politics as a kind of wonky offshoot of the sports entertainment industry . Coverage of major bills focuses more on whip counts and the tallying of winners and losers than the consequences of legislation .
The president , naturally , continues to exploit this tendency . He uses the news media to sow discord , to inflame warring cultural and racial factions in a manner designed to steadily erode the common good .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Should any of the Patriots or Eagles choose to kneel during the national anthem , you can be sure our tweeter in chief will post a bilious squib aimed at inciting his fans against those with the gall to protest institutional racism on Super Bowl Sunday .
President Obama lauded sports as a realm capable of “ changing hearts. ” But he never quite grasped the relationship between our devotion to athletics and the cycle of escalating recrimination and intransigence in our realpolitik .
Instead , we now have a leader who grasps , all too well , the ways in which our sporting spirit can be prodded to reveal the darkest precincts of our national soul .
“ My ultimate goal is to make the genre of country soul a more popular form of music . I have seen people of all ages , races and genders dance and tell me how good this music makes them feel . Feedback from the audience is that they love the stories , can understand and relate to the lyrics and can really feel its beat . ”
Those are the words of country music artist Petrella . Born and raised in Hot Springs , Arkansas , she has crisscrossed the nation from Los Angeles to Nashville , developing her unique blend of R & B , roots and gospel that has earned her the title “ First Lady of Country Soul. ” Now that she has made a home on the Central Coast , she 's well positioned to bring a groovy kind of country to Ventura County . Her recent performances at Margarita Villa and The Canyon Club , and on the Red-Light District Show , are just the beginning .
Like many , Petrella 's love for music was initially inspired by family : Her aunt and grandmother were lead vocalists in their church .
“ It was natural for me to follow in their footsteps , ” said Petrella , a resident of Santa Maria .
Growing up , she was further inspired by her second grade teacher , the late John Puckett , who mentored her throughout elementary and high school , and was her accompaniment until she went professional .
Today , her list of achievements is vast , including seven nationally distributed CDs . The single , “ I Found Somebody , ” spent 14 weeks on the national Top 100 Country Singles , peaking at No . 52 . Petrella has also been nominated for New Female Artist of the Year , Album of the Year and Performer of the Year by a variety of music industry organizations and publications , including Nashville Tracker Magazine .
While she was busy building her musical career , she 's had the chance to work with some of the most prestigious names in the business : Kevin Dorsey , one of Michael Jackson 's music directors ; Oren Waters of the Waters Family ; Phillip Ingram of the Motown recording group Switch ; and singer/songwriter Alex Brown , who has performed backup for Ray Charles .
“ My career began as a songwriter with the Los Angeles Songwriters Showcase and continued as a recording artist working with my L.A. producer , David Scheffler , for many years , ” Petrella said .
She also met her Nashville producer , Jack Gale of Playback Records , through the showcase , and cut three albums with him in Nashville .
“ Six singles from my first nationally released album through Playback Records charted on the top 100 country charts of Cashbox Magazine , headquartered in L.A. , ” Petrella noted .
George Albert , owner of Cashbox , and Gale were also responsible for getting her on the cover of Cashbox Magazine in March 1993 .
“ As you can see I have a deep connection to Southern California , ” Petrella said .
After touring the country for 25 years , she and her husband chose Southern California as a location to retire — or in her case , semi-retire .
“ After three years of living and performing in Pasadena and surrounding areas we relocated to Santa Maria , ” Petrella said . “ In keeping my Pasadena band working , we decided to split the mileage distance so Ventura County became the ideal place for performances . ”
Over the years , Petrella has performed throughout the United States , touring extensively through the Southwest , Midwest and the Mountain States , with the majority of her performances in California . Some career highlights include opening for Gladys Knight at the Bill Pickett Invitational Rodeo in Pomona , opening for the Delfonics at Jackie Robinson Park for Black History Month , and opening for AJ Croce and Billy Vera at the Canyon Club in Agoura Hills .
“ I also toured my one-woman show ‘ 18 Reasons to Live , Laugh and Love ' through the Midwest as part of the Mid-America Arts Alliance , ” said Petrella , who concluded her tour at the historical Pasadena Playhouse Carrie Hamilton Theatre in the summer of 2012 .
As far as her future performances in Ventura County are concerned , she is currently finalizing a date at The Garage in Ventura in September with her Pasadena band , Mixed Influence . Additionally , she has a new Mixed Influence band out of Santa Maria that made its debut earlier in June .
“ We are looking forward to working in both Ventura County and the Central Coast with both bands , ” she said .
Meanwhile , Petrella is putting together a new album that the and both bands are rehearsing .
“ We are looking for the best forum for release , ” she said . “ And I will continue to perform throughout Ventura County and the Central Coast . ”
As a songwriter and recording artist , she enjoys both equally , she added .
“ Because of my love of people , my live performances allow me to interface with them and introduce the sound of country soul . ”
For more information on Petrella , including music and show schedule , visit www.countryversial.com .
Harvard Law Professor Emeritus , Alan Dershowitz , appears with Maria Bartiromo to discuss the DOJ firing FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe . It 's a wide-ranging interview hitting on multiple angles of the ongoing issues at the top of the FBI and Dept of Justice .
.
One of the common misunderstandings as highlighted within the interview is the 1.2 million investigative documents held by the Office of Inspector General , Michael Horowitz .
First , a massive amount of the ‘ pages ' are likely transcripts from the Peter Strzok and Lisa Page text messages ; as well as the likelihood of emails and other communications within the “ small group ” ( co-conspirators ) inside the DOJ and FBI .
Second , everyone seems to overlook that much of the evidence collected by IG Horowitz may also be evidence of criminality by those within the “ small group ” . As such the criminal evidence would NOT be , and SHOULD NOT be , released to congress because the assigned prosecutor would be using it for cases against those outlined in the investigation .
I know it seems frustrating , but there is a normal and methodical investigative process which needs to be followed ; and criminal evidence needs to be closely guarded until the targets therein are indicted .
A New York City council member launched an investigation into the Kushner Cos. ' routine filing of paperwork falsely claiming zero rent-regulated tenants in its buildings , saying that the deception should have been uncovered long ago because the documents are online for all to see .
The Department of Buildings should have spotted the falsified numbers because they were contradicted by tax documents filed with another city agency , said Councilman Ritchie Torres .
The Associated Press reported Sunday that a tenants rights watchdog found that the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents for 34 buildings across the city stating it had no rent-regulated units in its buildings when , in fact , it had hundreds .
The falsified documents allowed the Kushner Cos. to escape extra scrutiny during construction projects between 2013 and 2016 , when the family real estate developer was run by Jared Kushner , who is now senior adviser to his father-in-law , President Donald Trump . The Housing Rights Initiative , a watchdog group , said the falsified documents made it easier for the Kushner Cos. to harass rent-regulated tenants so that it could push out low-paying tenants out and replace them with higher paying ones .
One tenant of a Queens building once owned by Kushner Cos. said the company drove many of his neighbors to leave .
`` It was noisy , there were complaints , I got mice , '' said mailman Rudolph Romano , adding that he also bristled at a 60 percent rent increase , a hike the Kushner Cos. contends was initiated by the previous landlord . `` They cleaned the place out . I watched the whole building leave . ''
Torres said the city bears some of the blame .
`` The scandal is not only the deception of Kushner Cos. , the scandal is the dysfunction of the city bureaucracy , '' said Torres , chair of the city council 's investigations committee . He added , `` The right hand of city government did n't know what the left hand was doing . ''
The Kushner Cos. said in a printed release Monday that `` the investigation is trying to create an issue where none exists . Kushner Companies did not intentionally falsify DOB filings in an effort to harass any tenants . '' It added , `` If mistakes or typographical errors are identified , corrective action is taken immediately with no financial benefit to the company . ''
The company had said in a previous statement that it outsources the preparation of such documents to third parties , and those are reviewed by independent counsel .
For its part , the New York buildings department said it disciplined a contractor who filed false documents while working on two Kushner buildings currently under investigation by a tenant-harassment task force . It added that the department is also ramping up its monitoring of construction .
Housing Rights Initiative found the more than 80 applications for construction permits filed by the Kushner Cos. stating that there were zero rent-regulated tenants . But tax documents show more than 300 rent-regulated units . Nearly all the permit applications were signed by a Kushner employee , sometimes by its chief operating officer . None were signed by Jared Kushner himself .
Had the Kushner Cos. disclosed those rent-regulated tenants , it could have triggered stricter oversight of construction crews by the city , including possibly unscheduled `` sweeps '' on site by inspectors to keep the company from harassing tenants and getting them to leave .
Instead , current and former tenants of three buildings once owned by the Kushner Cos. told the AP that they were subjected to extensive construction , with banging , drilling , dust and leaking water that they believe were part of targeted harassment to get them to leave and clear the way for higher-paying renters .
Tax records show those rent-regulated units that numbered as many as 94 when Kushner took over fell to 25 by 2016 . The Kushner Cos. sold the three buildings last year for $ 60 million , nearly 50 percent more than it paid .
`` Kushner Cos. made the lives of many of its tenants a living hell , '' said Aaron Carr , founder of Housing Rights Initiative , which is joining with the Torres committee in the Kushner investigation . Construction harassment is `` a tool designed to make the lives of rent stabilized tenants so unbearable , so intolerable that they are forced to give up the most valuable thing one can have in the midst of an affordable housing crisis , affordability . ''
Submitting false documents to the city 's Department of Buildings for construction permits is a misdemeanor , which can carry fines of up to $ 25,000 . But real estate experts say it is often flouted with little to no consequences . Landlords who do so get off with no more than a demand from the city , sometimes a year or more later , to file an `` amended '' form with the correct numbers .
Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed dozens of amended forms for the buildings mentioned in the documents , most of them a year to two later .
In a statement , the city 's Department of Buildings spokesman Joseph Soldevere said , `` We wo n't tolerate landlords who use construction to harass tenants — no matter who they are . ''
Exactly how much money the Kushner Cos. earned from the buildings mentioned in the documents is unclear . Of those 34 buildings , only the three in Queens and a fourth in Brooklyn appear to have been sold . The company also likely made money by reducing the number of rent-regulated tenants and bringing in those who would pay more .
Jared Kushner , who stepped down as CEO of the Kushner Cos. last year before taking on his advisory role at the White House , sold off part of his real estate holdings as required under government ethics rules . But he retained stakes in many properties , including Westminster Management , the Kushner Cos. subsidiary that oversees its residential properties . A financial disclosure last year showed he still owns a stake in Westminster and earned $ 1.6 million from it .
———
Condon can be reached at http : //twitter.com/BernardFCondon .
Transcript for LAPD release video of shootout during car chase
You can see that the driver of the vehicle marched through several stop signs and now focus your attention on the passenger side of the stolen white Honda . Here you 'll see the passenger they are identified as 24 year old Andrew Guerrero . What a shotgun out of the window and shoot the officers . The driver officers then broadcast officer needs help . And notifies the responding . At the suspects are armed with a shotgun and fired at least vehicle . I. Yeah . PT yeah . To be torturing . After a search of the area both suspects were found nearby and arrested . Salinas was transported to the hospital where he was treated for superficial gunshot injuries and was cleared by medical personnel for booking in an LE PD jail facility .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Blackpool 's set to showcase the best of British variety acts as one of the country 's most popular TV shows returns to the resort .
Britain 's Got Talent will once more host its televised auditions at the Opera House – following its successful comeback earlier this year .
Young magician Issy Simpson , from Blackpool , wowed in the 2017 series of Britain 's Got Talent
The hit show filmed auditions at the Winter Gardens ' theatre in January , for the first time in five years , bringing hundreds of fans into town keen to catch a glimpse of celebrity judges Simon Cowell , David Walliams , Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon and presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly .
Filming is scheduled to take place during the week beginning Janaury 15 although exact details are yet to be confirmed .
BGT executive producer Charlie Irwin said : “ We have had some brilliant talent come through the door so far for the next series and we 're excited to be returning to Blackpool for our judges ' auditions . ”
Producers hosted initial auditions for the 2018 series at the Imperial Hotel in September - with the resort 's own star of the 2017 series Issy Simpson in attendance .
Magician Issy was just eight years old when she wowed the judges and voting public to become runner-up earlier this year . She 's since been signed to the same manager as Daniel Radcliffe and Liam Neeson and has had meetings with film producers in Los Angeles .
Although Issy 's televised audition took place at The Lowry theatre in Salford , her first audition was at a similar casting call at the Imperial in autumn 2016 .
The Opera House looked stunning on screen as it featured in several episodes of this year 's series , with footage showcasing some of the resort 's highlights to a large prime-time TV audience .
A packed live audience lapped up the entertainment on offer , with highlights including a 12ft robot , singing A-Ha 's Take On Me , father and daughter opera act Martin and 10-year-old Faye and hometown singers , mother and daughter duo Maternal Instinct - Kim and Bethany Markham - who hailed the ‘ truly amazing ' opportunity to sing at the Opera House as a ‘ dream come true ' .
Audition spots are still up for grabs with details online at www.itv.com/bgt .
NYON , Switzerland ( AP ) — Croatia will host England in an empty stadium for its home Nations League game in October to fulfil a ban imposed in 2015 .
UEFA says the closure on Oct. 12 completes a two-game stadium ban ordered after fans marked a swastika on the pitch in Split ahead of a 2016 European Championship qualifier against Italy .
In 2015 , UEFA also deducted one point from Croatia and fined the national federation 100,000 euros ( $ 124,000 ) .
Some Croatian media reported the swastika was a fan protest against federation leaders intending to embarrass them by forcing UEFA to impose punishments .
Croatia and England were drawn last Wednesday in a Nations League group with Spain .
Croatia host Spain on Nov. 15 .
ABCNews.com This week `` Fifty Shades Darker '' gets a star-studded soundtrack , chill-masters Thievery Corporation release their first album in four years , Lupe Fiasco releases a new set , Andrew McMahon of Something Corporate and Jack 's Mannequin fame releases a new album , singer-songwriter Jesca Hoop goes a minimalist route and Noveller gives us some semi-ambient soundscapes . It 's quite a week for new music .
Amazon `` Fifty Shades Darker '' Original Motion Picture Soundtrack * * * 1/2 The soundtrack for `` Fifty Shades Darker '' may ultimately be better-received than the film itself . It 's obviously a big budget affair with top-tier acts . When you have Taylor Swift and ZAYN next to Halsey , combined with strange , effective but obviously attention-grabbing collaborative combinations like Nick Jonas and Nicki Minaj working together on the same track , it is obvious that this set is fully and intentionally targeted to be a blockbuster . Sia actually returns . She gave us `` Salted Wound '' on the first collection and here she hands in the superior `` Helium . '' Corinne Bailey Rae presents a sweet , softly sweeping version of Coldplay 's `` The Scientist '' while Jose James tackles the Gershwin classic , `` They Ca n't Take That Away From Me . '' This is a collection of slick pop by design and sometimes the production touches can be a little heavy-handed . The digital auto-tune bubbles heard over the vocals on The Dream 's `` Code Blue '' sink an otherwise decent track , while the Kygo/Andrew Jackson collaboration , `` Cruise , '' also suffers from some bizarre vocal effects . That being said , mostly this collection is packed with clear high-points from Tove Lo 's `` Lies in the Dark '' and John Legend 's bluesy workout `` One Woman Man . '' Add to that Danny Elfman 's score ( for which two tracks appear ) and again the planned blockbuster theory gets further cemented . Joseph Angel 's `` Empty Pack of Cigarettes '' has a soulful groove and Toulouse 's `` No Running from Me '' has an oddly affecting funky backbone . The `` Fifty Shades Darker '' soundtrack offers a somewhat decent collection of erotically-tinged pop with a melancholy edge . This is n't a perfect collection but it has some guts . As attention-getting as the movies and books are , to some the soundtrack may ultimately end up being the most rewarding wing of the franchise . Focus Tracks : `` Not Afraid Anymore '' Halsey This song plays like a perfect follow-up to her `` Badlands '' album . This is the kind of track filled with the dark intrigue that has quickly become her specialty . She may have had a momentary detour into brighter , more populist fare thanks to the Chainsmokers , but this is where Halsey is at her best . `` Lies in the Dark '' Tove Lo has built her career on singing about the tragedy of romance gone wrong combined with a deeply-seeded sense of eroticism , so this track is a perfect addition to this particular soundtrack . `` The Scientist '' Corinne Bailey Rae Corinne Bailey Rae 's gentle reading of this Coldplay standout gives the song some new life . `` I Do n't Wan na Live Forever ( Fifty Shades Darker ) '' Zayn Malik & Taylor Swift This is a bit of transparent pop-radio bait but this duet works . Part of me wonders how this song would work with just Swift but Malik brings the same kind of energy that he also brought on his solo album last year .
Amazon Thievery Corporation 's `` The Temple of I & I '' * * * Eight studio albums , a few EPs and a large handful of remixes and DJ-set collections and Thievery Corporation 's Eric Hilton and Rob Garza continue to do exactly what is expected . `` The Temple of I & I '' is a decently enjoyable mix of dub , reggae and hip-hop-influenced chill music , but it offers very little you would n't expect from the D.C. down-tempo masters . It sticks to the formula well , but it lacks an iconic cut on par with previous standouts `` Sweet Tides , '' `` Lebanese Blonde '' and `` Warning Shots . '' There are flecks of biting political bile on the Racquel Jones-aided tracks `` Letter to the Editor '' and `` Road Block . '' Jones deserves extra credit for name-checking George Orwell 's `` Animal Farm '' in a time when `` 1984 '' is climbing back up the book charts . Mr. Lif guests on both `` Ghetto Matrix '' and `` Fight to Survive , '' with better results on the latter . But these two tracks are n't nearly as strong as Lif 's previous collaboration with the duo , `` Culture of Fear . '' Former Bitter : Sweet vocalist Shana Halligan returns after collaborating on their last album four years ago and does some nice work on `` Love Has No Heart , '' while longtime frequent guest vocalist Loulou Ghelichkhani appears on `` Time + Space . '' Elsewhere Notch adds an effective reggae energy to several tracks . `` The Temple of I & I '' feels like it is playing and coasting on the duo 's signature . As an album it finds Hilton and Garza running in place . However , the semi-instrumental meditation `` Let the Chalice Blaze '' is undeniably fresh and there are a few other brief glimpses of slight movement . Longtime fans will find elements to enjoy but while this is a good record , it could be stronger . Focus Tracks : `` Lose to Find '' ( Featuring Elin Melgarejo ) Elin Melgarejo has also served as a guest vocalist before and here she adds a nicely chilled track with a strong appeal . `` Let The Chalice Blaze '' This nearly instrumental cut sets the perfect tone , anchored by a strong , funky bass-line . `` Fight to Survive '' ( Featuring Mr. Lif ) Mr. Lif combines lyrical skill with a call to arms . This feels like a potent political anthem .
Amazon Lupe Fiasco 's `` Drogas Light '' * * Lupe Fiasco has nearly lost his way on “ Drogas Light , '' his sixth studio album . This is an uneven collection full of mostly disappointment . Much of the first half of the album is full of trap , electro and pop-influenced tracks where instead of finding real hooks , he mostly ends up repeating words over and over and over again . See the intro `` Dopamine Lit '' or `` Promise '' for examples . Fiasco has always been outspoken , so you would think during these turbulent political times he 'd offer up something more substantial . He aims for something with `` Made in the U.S.A. '' but surprisingly misses his target with a rather basic flow that suffers again from his repetitive style . It does n't help that it kind of sounds like he 's shouting `` Me in a onesie ! '' when he 's repeating the title . One issue that has always been a problem for Fiasco is his need to give many of his songs a pop core . He often leans on guest-vocalists . Ty Dolla $ ign and Victoria Monet do a decent job on the chilled strip-club themed `` Kill , '' but ultimately the seven-minute groove gets a tad boring . Fiasco is utterly determined to have a pop drive to his records . On `` Pick Up the Phone '' featuring Eric Turner , he almost succeeds with this formula even if Turner 's anthemic-minded delivery seems at odds with Fiasco 's lyrically-focused flow . It works better than the pop-minded disco-funk experiment `` It 's Not Design , '' featuring Salim . Fiasco aims for the easy gimmicks to try to make his albums as marketable as possible to the pop market . It 's like he wants to be a singular , outspoken force but sells a part out where it actually counts . Lupe Fiasco would benefit from doing a straight-forward hip-hop record with the focus on pure , tight lyricism . I 've championed this before , but again I say go back to his `` Enemy of the State : A Love Story '' mixtape and listen to the rapid-fire bars he dropped over Radiohead 's `` The National Anthem . '' I wish he 'd explore that side of himself more often . You can hear hints of greatness on this album 's `` Jump , '' but other than that , this set , like more than a few of his proper releases , continues to show him wasting his potential . `` Drogas Light '' has a couple spare moments of light but mostly it comes off as the work of an MC who is woefully unaware of his own strengths . Too often Lupe Fiasco is mistaking repetition for actual substance . Focus Tracks : `` Jump '' ( Featuring Gizzle ) This is one of the only places where Lupe Fiasco really delivers , thanks to the combination of a semi-chaotic vocal-infused beat and the fact that he 's actually working a decent flow with full force . `` Pick Up The Phone '' ( Featuring Eric Turner ) Again , this track has a bit of a lopsided logic but against the odds it works even if Turner 's extremely `` un-hip-hop '' contribution .
Amazon Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness ' `` Zombies on Broadway '' * * * 1/2 Andrew McMahon deserves a special place in history . More than a decade ago with his band Something Corporate he brought a unique brand of piano-led song-craft to the `` pop-punk '' world . He continued to hone his craft on albums with his outfit Jack 's Mannequin , to both critical and fan acclaim . `` Zombies on Broadway '' is McMahon 's second proper full-length as Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness , an outfit which aims to re-purpose his songwriting skills to more traditional pop fare . This album sounds like it would fit well with music played on your average top forty station . Give `` Do n't Speak for Me ( True ) '' a listen and you 'll hear it is an ace example of both modern-pop at its best and McMahon 's general strengths as a songwriter . He manages to not sell out his creative ideals as a writer while working firmly in the system , partly because he 's an excellent storyteller . Sure , he occasionally drifts a little too close to the sun . `` Walking in My Sleep '' gets a tad repetitive and `` Fire Escape '' gets a little too saccharine with its forced whoa-oohs , taking it a little too close to OneRepublic , Imagine Dragons and Bastille-territory . But McMahon 's intelligent lyrics and narrative style always puts him a notch ( or ten ) above your average pop songwriter . He is aiming for the charts , yes , but he wo n't sacrifice the ability to tell a good story along the way . It 's a delicate balance . While this fits the formula , it is n't dumbed-down . Like Tegan and Sara did with 2013 's `` Heartthrob , '' McMahon succeeds in a full-pop makeover without losing the solid songwriting core . This is definitely more pop-y in nature but it keeps that integrity that made the Something Corporate and Jack 's Mannequin records so enjoyable . If Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness ' 2014 self-titled album found McMahon dabbling in pop , `` Zombies on Broadway '' is the sound of him diving squarely into the deep end . At its essence , this is an intelligent and highly driven pop record that should definitely get a much larger mainstream audience than his past work . Focus Tracks : `` Do n't Speak for Me ( True ) '' This has a sonic hook that sticks with you , sort of in the vein of that sped-up vocal refrain on Justin Bieber 's `` Sorry . '' It also finds McMahon delivering a truly heartfelt track . It 's a pretty powerful ballad with a strong sense of melodic fortitude . `` Love and Great Buildings '' It is kind of strange to compare your love to an apartment building , but that 's what McMahon does here . In some ways you could imagine this song given more of a rock core and placed on a Something Corporate album . It fits a vintage mold for him . `` Brooklyn , You 're Killing Me '' This half-spoken , beat-driven song kind of sounds like his attempt at an LCD Soundsystem song while perfectly encapsulating the struggles of a west coast kid who has relocated to New York .
Amazon Jesca Hoop 's `` Memories are Now '' * * * * A year after her collaborative album with Iron & Wine 's Sam Beam , Jesca Hoop makes her solo Sub Pop debut with her fourth solo record , `` Memories Are Now . '' This album is n't quite as ear-catching as 2012 's monumental `` The House That Jack Built , '' instead focusing on a subtler , minimalist approach that requires more careful attention . No doubt , Hoop sonically scaled back on this record on purpose , considering that the battle between humanity and technology is a recurring lyrical theme on songs like the drone-centric `` Animal Kingdom Chaotic '' and `` Simon Says , '' where she sings , `` www do n't forget life before the internet when streets were run by sharks and jets and children running wild . '' This trend obviously continues on “ Cut Connection. ” Hoop maintains her distinct , uniquely quirky style . In all truth , her music is so singular in nature that she should be afforded the same kind of rabid fan-base as artists like Fiona Apple , Regina Spektor and Tori Amos have earned in the past . She 's a trendsetter and an obvious ground-breaker . Even her plucked , often staccato-style of guitar-playing is distinctly hers and worthy of a high level of attention . Listening to older songs like `` Bed across the Sea '' or `` Pack Animal '' will show you that this aspect of her sound is nothing new . She has her own sense of pace . This set was recorded with Blake Mills who has built his name as a producer for his work with Fiona Apple , The Alabama Shakes and others . Mills most recently helmed John Legend 's `` Darkness and Light . '' `` Memories Are Now '' is a moving , often quiet , often rhythmic and never dull set that pushes Jesca Hoop 's style forward , showcasing her natural talent with stunning effectiveness . If her more experimental side is too much for you , but you still appreciate a well-written song , the delicate `` Pegasi '' should be a slowly-blooming favorite . Jesca Hoop remains a commanding force who belongs in indie-rock 's top-tier of singer-songwriters . Focus Tracks : `` Memories are Now '' This bare-bones title-track would be an odd single for someone else but it is n't for Hoop . This stripped-down , bass-heavy lament allows Hoop the space to harmonize with her own voice in a variety of layers . `` Pegasi '' This is Hoop working at her most straight-forward . It has a nearly classical sense of melody that has an effortless sense of beauty . Of course she would give a song like this an eye-catching title like `` Pegasi . '' `` Animal Kingdom Chaotic '' This is a call-and-response , old-school style folk-song . That is if they made old-school folk songs about the fear of drone-strikes and computers going rogue `` 2001 '' -style .
( CBS News/60 Minutes via AP ) . This image made from a video provided by CBS News/60 Minutes shows Cambridge University researcher Aleksandr Kogan during an interview with CBS 's `` 60 Minutes . '' Kogan , the academic at the center of the Facebook data-misuse ...
By DANICA KIRKA
Associated Press
LONDON ( AP ) - A Cambridge University academic says the suspended CEO of Cambridge Analytica , the election consultancy at the heart of the Facebook privacy scandal , lied to British lawmakers investigating fake news .
Academic Aleksandr Kogan 's company , Global Science Research , developed a Facebook app that vacuumed up data from people who signed up to use the app as well as information from their Facebook friends , even if those friends had n't agreed to share their data . Cambridge Analytica allegedly used the data to profile U.S. voters and target them with ads during the 2016 election to help elect Donald Trump . It denies the charge .
Kogan appeared before the House of Commons ' media committee on Tuesday and was asked whether former Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix told the truth when he testified that none of the company 's data came from Global Science Research .
`` That 's a fabrication , '' Kogan told committee Chairman Damian Collins .
Christopher Wylie , a former employee of Cambridge Analytica 's parent company , has alleged that the data from millions of Facebook accounts was used to help Trump 's election campaign . Cambridge Analytica says none of the Facebook data was used in the work it did for Trump .
Kogan also cast doubt on many of Wylie 's allegations , which have triggered a global debate about internet privacy protections . Wylie repeated his claims in a series of media interviews as well as an appearance before the committee .
Wylie worked for SCL Group Ltd. , Cambridge Analytica 's London-based parent company , in 2013 and 2014 .
`` Mr. Wylie has invented many things , '' Kogan said , calling him `` duplicitous . ''
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A picture taken from Animation film `` Battle of Persian Gulf II '' depicts an armed confrontation between Iran 's Revolutionary Guards and the U.S. Navy . Fatima Zahra Animation Studios/Handout via REUTERS
By Bozorgmehr Sharafedin
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - A full-length animated film depicting an armed confrontation between Iran 's Revolutionary Guards and the U.S. navy is soon to open in Iranian cinemas , amid rising tensions over President Donald Trump 's hardening rhetoric against Tehran .
The director of the `` Battle of Persian Gulf II '' , Farhad Azima , said that it was a remarkable coincidence that the release of the film - four years in the making - coincided with a `` warmongering '' president sitting in the White House .
`` I hope that the film shows Trump how American soldiers will face a humiliating defeat if they attack Iran , '' Azima told Reuters in a telephone interview from the city of Mashhad in eastern Iran .
The 88-minute animation opens with the U.S. army attacking an Iranian nuclear reactor , and the U.S. navy in the Gulf hitting strategic locations across the county .
The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) , a powerful branch of the Iranian military , retaliates with full force , raining ballistic missiles on the U.S. warships .
`` They all sink and the film ends as the American ships have turned into an aquarium for fishes at the bottom of the sea , '' Azima said .
Trump has said he will not be as `` kind '' as his predecessor Barack Obama was to Iran , warning that military options are not off the table in response to Tehran .
He has called into doubt Western powers ' nuclear deal with Iran and , responding to an IRGC missile test last month , imposed fresh sanctions on Iranian individuals and entities , some of them linked to the Guards .
COMMANDER QASSEM
The main Iranian commander in the film has been intentionally depicted as Qassem Soleimani , the IRGC commander who is overseeing Iran 's military operations in Syria and Iraq against Islamist militants .
Azima said he sought to contact Soleimani to ensure he was not against his appearance in the film but did not receive a reply . However , senior figures close to Soleimani asked the director to keep the character but drop the name Qassem in the final edit .
`` Hollywood has created many films against Iran ; There are many computer games in which U.S. soldiers conquer our country . We made this film as an answer to that propaganda , '' the 35-year old director said .
But unlike the massive resources available in Hollywood , he said , Fatima Zahra Animation Studios has a small team and a limited budget . He said they have received no funds from the government and are not linked to the IRGC .
`` Our animators are not working for money , but for their beliefs and their love of the country . Thank God , everyone is surprised that we 've managed to create such high-quality production under this poor condition , '' he said .
He said screenings will begin as soon as the film gets the necessary permissions from the cultural authorities .
The film trailer has already created a buzz on social media , shared by thousands of people . The director believes young Iranians have shown interest to the film as `` they want someone to show them power of their country . ''
( Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
São Paulo ( AP ) — A new poll shows former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva enjoying a strong lead ahead of the Oct.7 presidential elections despite his recent conviction on corruption charges .
The Datafolha poll published Wednesday is the first since an appeals court last week upheld a corruption conviction against da Silva — a decision likely to knock him out of contention .
The survey finds that if da Silva is allowed to run , would get between 34 and 37 percent of votes in the first round . That 's a comfortable lead over second-place right-wing candidate Jair Bolsonaro , with 16 to 18 percent of the vote .
In a second round , da Silva would defeat Bolsonaro by 49 to 32 percent . The poll has a margin of error of 2 percentage points .
If you 're heading to Huntington Beach , you might want to avoid an area where a 7-foot shark was nearly caught by a fisherman Tuesday morning .
The Huntington Beach Lifeguards posted an advisory between towers 9 and 14 and an image on social media Tuesday afternoon about 1 p.m. of the near capture .
The fisherman was reeling in the shark , but the line snapped as he tried to bring it up .
Contact the writer : lconnelly @ scng.com
Magee in confident mood 14 June 2017
Wicklow Manager Johnny Magee Wicklow Manager Johnny Magee
Wicklow manager Johnny Magee is pleased how preparations for their All-Ireland SFC qualifier against Laois have gone .
The sides meet in Joule Park , Aughrim on Saturday afternoon as the teams bid to prolong their season for another while at least .
Laois are tipped to come through this game and advance to the next round , but Magee admitted to the Wicklow People that he has full confidence in his players to cause a surprise .
“ We are quietly confident heading into the game but for sure no one will underestimate that Laois are a top side , ” said Magee .
“ They may have lost badly in their last match but often a wounded animal is more dangerous and you can be sure there will be a backlash from them as they are a proud football county traditionally and have some top footballers in their side .
“ Our preparations have been good coming in . There have been no fresh injury concerns since the Louth game and touch wood that continues and the lads have trained really well since then and the intensity in training has been really high . ”
Getty Image
Trump might not be able to pardon himself or his children , but he 's looking into pardoning former sheriff Joe Arpaio , who was recently found guilty of criminal contempt . Arpaio , like Trump , believes in a hard stance on illegal immigration , and as sheriff of Maricopa County , he built a reputation on racial profiling , illegal searches , and humiliating inmates . He was recently convicted of because he defied a judge who ordered him to stop traffic patrols that unfairly targeted Arizona 's Latinx community . Trump spoke about Arpaio on Sunday from his Bedford , New Jersey working vacation :
“ I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio . He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration . He 's a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him . ”
This would be Trump 's first presidential pardon , and he stands in contrast to Obama 's pardons for nonviolent offenders as his second term came to a close . Trump was campaigning at the time and was critical of Obama 's clemency initiative . “ Some of these people are bad dudes , ” Trump told his supporters . “ These are people out walking the streets . Sleep tight , folks. ” That is similar rhetoric to how Trump described the same immigrants Arpaio has targeted , calling Mexicans “ bad hombres ” and “ rapists . ”
Trump has praised Arpaio in the past , saying “ Is there anyone in local law enforcement who has done more to crack down on illegal immigration than Sheriff Joe ? He has protected people from crimes and saved lives . He does n't deserve to be treated this way. ” The president said of the pardon itself , “ I might do it right away , maybe early this week . I am seriously thinking about it. ” Arpaio should be sentenced October 5th and expects only six months in jail . It 's not clear if he will actually fulfill his whole sentence , even without Trump 's intervention .
( Via : Fox News )
HBO
Winter has come . The seventh season of Game of Thrones is off and running and with only seven episodes , HBO does n't have time to hold our hands and explain things like where characters are , the history of new locations , or how the actions of one character affect the powder keg that is Westeros ' political climate . Luckily , between all of George R.R . Martin 's novels , and The World of Ice and Fire historical tome , there are plenty of ways to fill in the blanks and we 're here to help . Obviously spoilers and speculation will abound , so proceed at your own peril .
On last night 's episode of Game of Thrones , character reunions were the order of the day . “ Eastwatch ” may have been titled after the Night 's Watch castle standing between the army of the dead and the Seven Kingdoms , but it barely featured in the hour . Instead , HBO focused on the highly satisfying return of long-missing characters like Gendry and the sibling dramas involving both Arya and Sansa and Tyrion and Jaime . All those emotional moments made for gripping television , so it was n't until after the credits rolled that I realized something : seven of the nine regions of Westeros of currently without leadership . That… ca n't be good .
The realization dawned on me when I noticed Dany made the Lannister army bend the knee , but she did n't assign a Lord loyal to her cause to control Highgarden . Last week I had suggested Tyrion might be rewarded with the Reach , but nope . Instead , Dany hopped on Drogon and flew back to Dragonstone to have more meetings with her nephew . A similar loose end was left in the season premiere when Arya decimated House Frey . The show never slowed down to consider who was in charge of the Riverlands now . In fact , the only two regions with active leadership are the Crownlands ( where both Cersei and Dany are located ) and the North . In their haste to bring Game of Thrones to its conclusion , the showrunners have lost the political machinations that are hallmarks both of George R.R . Martin 's work and earlier seasons of the show .
SHEEP producers are being targeted by opportunistic thieves as wool and sheep meat prices hit historic highs in WA .
About five farmers in the Pingelly area have had sheep stolen or reported missing in recent years , with CBH Group director John Hassell being the latest of them .
Mr Hassell said he had reported to police that 175 head of Merino ewes and rams had been stolen from his property .
He said he 'd “ only just moved to the property about 12 months ago ” and it was n't until he mentioned the theft to his neighbours that they said they had also experienced livestock theft .
He said the thieves most likely worked in a team , with a truck , to be able to round up that many sheep .
It was most likely that they had entered his property at night using the back roads where they would be less noticeable .
“ I 'm not happy about it , ” Mr Hassell said .
“ They are worth a lot of money . ”
The value of the sheep was estimated at $ 30,000 .
A police media spokesperson said “ during a three-week period in January , a large number of full wool sheep were stolen from two separate paddocks ” .
“ It is believed the offenders took the sheep via farm gates located on gravel roads surrounding the farms , ” the spokesperson said .
“ These roads are not frequently used .
“ Police are working closely with the Department of Primary Industries and Regional Development and also various saleyards and agents in an effort to identify any stolen sheep that the offenders may be attempting to sell . ”
The spokesperson said the incident appeared to be isolated - although it was n't the first time that it had happened in the region .
In November , 30 Merino lambs were also reported stolen from the Pingelly area .
Police have since been randomly checking horse floats and trucks in an effort to find the perpetrators or prevent other incidents occurring .
While the police were still investigating the theft of Mr Hassell 's sheep they said they had little to go on - as there had been a lack of common trends in livestock thefts in the State and they did n't have any solid leads as yet .
Robin Muchetu , Senior Reporter
POLICE have assured the nation that they will bring the perpetrators of the bombing incident in an attempted assassination attack targeting President Emmerson Mnangagwa at White City Stadium to book saying special teams have been assigned to carry out the investigation .
Addressing the media and senior officers in Bulawayo today , Police Commissioner General Thandabantu Godwin Matanga said it was work in progress for the police who he said were not going to rest until the suspects have been brought to book .
He said the horrendous and nefarious act dampened the spirits of the citizens .
“ I assure the nation and its entire citizenry that we are fully investigating this dastardly and wicked act , which has already unnecessarily claimed two lives , ” said Comm Matanga .
He went on : “ As the ZRP we will never rest until all those behind this heinous act have been accounted for and have had their day in court . We will do whatever it takes within the precincts of the law to ensure that this objective is met . At the risk of overemphasizing , I wish to say no stone will be left unturned , ” he said .
He applauded the level of cooperation and support that the joint investigation team has so far received .
He said the collaborative effort was appreciated and continued to appeal for more information that may enable the force to bring to book the culprits involved .
Cde Matanga further said the public must desist from acts of violence during this period and said the ZRP has since arrested 2237 people from January for engaging in various forms of violence .
The ZRP said they would revitalize and reinvigorate all police patrol units with a view to assist in reducing crime through increased police visibility in all crime prone areas .
The patrols , they said , help in earning public confidence from the resultant quality of their service if the deployments were well planned and adequately supervised .
by Darcie Arahill , Contributing Writer
Happy New Year Anglers ! Start off the New Year right and take advantage of the fantastic fishing we are blessed with off Palm Beach County ! The sailfish sector aka ‘ Sailfish Alley ' of the Gulfstream is at its prime this month . The sailfish bite is best when a chilly north wind starts howling , kicking up the seas as it plows head-on into the Gulf Stream and stacking up the bait . A general rule of thumb to remember , the sailfish bite improves the first few days following a cold front . Anglers should look for pods of bait on their depth finder , a clean water edge or a temperature break that will lead you to the fish . Most anglers fishing offshore this month will be deploying kites for kite fishing , allowing anglers to have the best bait presentation possible .
TIP : You should consider purchasing a drift anchor if you have a center console . A drift anchor will help you stay in the depth you are fishing longer , especially when the winds are howling and pushing your vessel out of the strike zone . Historically , productive areas for sailfish range from the Jupiter ledge , to the waters in front of the Breakers and the Ritz Carlton , down to Boynton 's water tower , the ‘ Martini Glass . ' Depth is key when kite fishing ; you should target your efforts between 80-250 feet of water for sailfish until you determine the best depth for that day .
If the seas are fairly calm this month , try to explore further offshore to find the occasional dolphin or wahoo . While traveling to and from your fishing grounds you should be on the lookout for cobia swimming in the shallows close to the beach . Also along the beaches ; pompano , bluefish and Spanish mackerel will be plentiful . Spanish mackerel put up a hard fight on light tackle and are great table fare , with fish 5-7lbs not uncommon . You can target Spanish mackerels from boat by trolling depths 10-25ft and casting colorful jigs , spoons or swimming plugs along the beach . For land-based anglers , the Juno and Lake Worth pier , and rock piles off Boynton Inlet should produce a good bite .
For those anglers that love to bottom fish , set up your drifts in depths of 60 to 120 feet near wrecks and reefs . Drift your baits using a triple hook rig with a dead sardine or a chicken rig with a sinker ; both should yield muttons , yellowtail , mangrove snapper , and kingfish . Until next time , keep On Catchin ' !
Like , follow , share , and ask # Darcizzle questions about fishing and latest offshore adventures on Facebook !
22:35 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9 , 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9 , 5778 , 24/04/18 Liberman heads to US to discuss 'Iran 's expansion ' Read more Israeli Defense Minister to discuss Iranian aggression in Syria and across the Middle East as deadline to decide fate of Iran nuclear deal looms ► ◄ Last Briefs
Regardless of the input method , Door No . 1 is essentially a live-action choose-your-own-adventure game , a comparison that crystalizes as the creative team at RYOT explains their approach to development . Hulu 's Noah Heller , and RYOT 's Nora Kirkpatrick and Molly Swenson joined us on the Engadget stage to talk about the differences -- and similarities -- between film and video games in VR .
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here !
Presentation at Frieze London tends to be more creative than at its Swiss counterpart , but the London fair has slightly lower prices . Museum-quality works by artists such as Jean-Michel Basquiat and Philip Guston sold for more than $ 10 million each on soberly arranged booths at Art Basel in June . At Frieze London this week , galleries opted for quirkier looks .
Photo
Echoing Damien Hirst 's “ Treasures From the Wreck of the Unbelievable , ” currently on show ( and on sale ) in Venice , the international mega-gallery Hauser & Wirth created a fictional museum at Frieze London , complete with wooden cabinets displaying bronze artifacts spanning five millenniums , with typewritten labels . The installation , “ Bronze Age c. 3500 B.C.–A.D . 2017 , ” included a Hans Arp sculpture priced at $ 1.1 million that sold to a Los Angeles buyer .
Gagosian , by contrast , crammed its Frieze booth with about 100 works on paper by investment-grade names such as Picasso , Andy Warhol , Basquiat and Mr. Hirst . Prices went from about $ 20,000 to $ 3.5 million , for a Basquiat drawing .
Though $ 20,000 might seem affordable in art world terms , the paucity of works pitched as priced for entry-level collectors remains a concern at international fairs .
“ Most artworks are sold for under $ 10,000 . That 's the level that attracts new buyers , ” said Magnus Resch , a writer and art-market analyst , referring to the contemporary market over all . “ There should be more works at fairs priced at that level . ”
“ I see a lot of young people here , but they 're not buying , ” added Mr. Resch , whose Magnus app uses visual recognition software to reveal gallery prices . Data generated by the app indicated a median price of $ 17,000 at Frieze London , compared with $ 35,000 at Art Basel . But Mr. Resch noted that galleries tended to show their more expensive classic works at Frieze Masters .
Photo
Prices were somewhat more approachable at the Focus section of contemporary Frieze , featuring 32 galleries founded in or after 2004 . “ Commercial Breakz , ” shown by the London dealer The Sunday Painter , is a series of 10 jazzily decorated ceramic satellite dishes by Emma Hart , 42 , a British artist who won the Max Mara Art Prize for Women in 2016 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
With interest in the artist growing in advance of her solo show at the Whitechapel Gallery in London , five of Ms. Hart 's new sculptures sold to collectors from Brazil , Britain and Iran in the early hours of the Frieze preview . They were priced at £10,000 to £12,000 .
“ It 's all very well , looking up to the great contemporary art collectors of today , but we need to encourage the next version of them , ” said Will Jarvis , a co-founder of The Sunday Painter , who , like many younger gallerists , has to square the circle of selling affordable works that can pay for a booth at an international art fair .
The big name-brand galleries , for their part , continue to do plenty of business . The New York and London gallery David Zwirner sold its entire booth of about 30 pieces at the preview on Wednesday , led by the Jeff Koons painting “ Gazing Ball ( Giotto The Kiss of Judas ) , ” a 2015-16 work priced at $ 2.75 million .
Photo
As usual , sales were generally less frenetic at Frieze Masters , but a recreation of the curio-cluttered studio of the British Pop artist Peter Blake by the London dealer Waddington Custot proved popular . The characteristic 1965-83 mixed media work “ Roxy Roxy , ” priced at £290,000 , was among five early sales . At the opposite booth , Nahmad Contemporary of New York sold the 1965 Daniel Buren striped abstract “ Enamel Paint on Cotton Canvas ” for 1.5 million euros , or $ 1.8 million , about 50 percent more than the current auction high for the French artist .
But whatever happened to the fresh young art that made Frieze a must-attend discovery fair in the early 2000s ?
Frieze Week 's satellite fairs should , in theory , be where discoveries can be made . One of them , the 1:54 Contemporary African Art Fair , featured 42 exhibitors that drew enterprising collectors to the stately 18th-century Somerset House . Among the featured works was a large-scale mixed media painting of two seated men from the apartheid era , by the 30-year-old South African artist Bambo Sibiya . A Belgian collector bought it from the London gallerist Jack Bell for £12,000 .
Photo
The Ghana-based dealership Gallery 1957 found a British buyer who paid £17,500 for an imposing 2010 painting by Godfried Donkor , who lives and works in London , of the Regency-era African-American boxer Bill Richmond .
This year also saw the first Peckham International Art Fair , featuring 15 exhibitors in an industrial unit in one of the most fashionable gentrifying areas of Southeast London . The organizers said that as many as 1,000 people had come to the fair 's preview on Sept. 29 , but it was a low-key , local event a couple of days later , with no V.I.P . frequent fliers looking for would-be Damien Hirsts .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The London-based Open Doors gallery was offering at the fair limited-edition prints of digital images from photographers popular on Instagram . The gallery sold at least six prints of Edward Hopper-inspired interiors by the Ian Howorth , an Instagrammer ( 28,800 followers ) based in Brighton , England , starting at £125 each . But sales were not as brisk as the gallery had hoped .
“ We thought we 'd get a lot of traction off Frieze , but it 's been a more local crowd , ” said Tom Page , managing director of Open Doors . “ We have n't really seen international people . ”
Admittedly , Peckham is not central London . But Frieze Week , like so many of its counterparts around the world , nonetheless exemplifies a growing divide between the upper spheres of the contemporary art world and the grass roots of collecting .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Lidl , the German no-frills supermarket chain , is opening its first wave of stores in the U.S. this summer ahead of schedule , with plans to open up to 100 locations across the East Coast within a year .
The details of the expansion , announced Wednesday , come as Wal-Mart and traditional grocery chains already are seeing a stronger threat from German low-priced retailer Aldi , which has been aggressively expanding . Both offer low prices by focusing on store-label products rather than name brands . Aldi has also been adding items to include gluten-free products and fresh produce .
Lidl 's first 20 U.S. stores will be opening in North Carolina , South Carolina and Virginia , where the company established its first U.S. headquarters in 2015 . Originally , it planned to open its first batch of U.S. stores no later than 2018 . Lidl operates about 10,000 stores in 27 countries .
Both Lidl and Aldi have been aggressively expanding in Europe . In the United Kingdom , a fierce price war has hurt Wal-Mart 's Asda business as well as traditional local retailers .
Aldi , which opened its first store in the U.S. in 1976 , now has more than 1,600 stores in the U.S. and plans to increase that to nearly 2,000 by the end of 2018 . It announced earlier this month that it 's spending $ 1.6 billion on remodeling more than 1,300 of them .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — There will soon be a new space at the 9/11 memorial in Lower Manhattan dedicated to the people who have developed health problems over the nearly 17 years since the terror attack .
An animation shows what the memorial will look like , with a walking path that ends near the well-known “ survivor tree . ”
The 9/11 Memorial & Museum unveiled the design for a dedicated space on the 9/11 Memorial Glade to honor those who are sick or have died from exposure to toxins at the World Trade Center in the aftermath of the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001. https : //t.co/DDdWMqOkis pic.twitter.com/KNPAvodRy6 — 9/11 Memorial ( @ Sept11Memorial ) May 30 , 2018
Steel from the World Trade Center will be incorporated in the design and visitors will be able to touch it .
Comedian and actor Jon Stewart has been a strong supporter of the first responders affected by the 9/11 attack , and spoke at the plan 's unveiling on Wednesday .
“ Hopefully this will become a place of solace , ” Stewart said . “ A place of belonging , and a place of gathering where you can experience the comfort of each other 's company and the knowledge that this story will be told indelibly , in stone . ”
The new space will continue to evolve over the coming months .
A four-run deficit no longer looms so large for the Miami Marlins .
Marcell Ozuna homered to start a comeback Wednesday afternoon , and Miami beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 to complete a two-game sweep .
Ozuna hit his 17th home run in the second inning after the Marlins fell behind 4-0 . He added a double and finished with three RBIs to help overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez , who had a no-hitter in his most recent home start .
`` Today I got lucky , '' Volquez said . `` They picked me up . ''
Rallies were rare for the Marlins during their 14-27 start . But they 've won 13 of their past 19 games , largely because the bats came alive .
`` There were times last month when it felt like if the other team scored first , we were in trouble , '' manager Don Mattingly said . `` Now you do n't have the same feeling . ''
Tyler Moore hit his fifth homer and scored three times . Christian Yelich and Dee Gordon each had two hits and two RBIs .
`` It has all been clicking for us the last couple of weeks , '' Yelich said . `` We got some guys hot at the same time and are putting a lot of pressure on teams . We can score runs a lot of different ways — manufacturing , or guys leaving the ballpark . ''
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics ( 27-38 ) , who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time . They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series , their longest such streak since 1986 .
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip . Daniel Gossett ( 0-1 ) could n't hold the early lead in his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville , and allowed seven runs , six earned , in 3 1-3 innings .
`` It was not exactly the way I drew it up , but I 'm so fortunate to get the opportunity to play in the big leagues , '' Gossett said . `` It was everything you dream of , minus the outcome . ''
Volquez lasted only four innings and gave up four hits , four walks and five runs , four earned . Kyle Barraclough ( 2-1 ) , the first of six Miami relievers , pitched a scoreless fifth .
INTERLEAGUE RECORD
Miami 's Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit infield single in the fifth for his 365th interleague hit , breaking Derek Jeter 's major league record .
`` Amazing , '' Mattingly said . `` A lot of games , a lot of hits . You 're talking about him and Derek , obviously two Halls of Fame guys . The length of their careers — that 's really greatness , the guys that can be good for long periods of time . ''
PITCHER HITTING
Gossett reached in the fourth on an infield single , his first major league hit and the first by Athletics pitchers in their past 27 at-bats over two seasons .
`` You can close your eyes and swing , and sometimes it works , '' Gossett said .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Oakland : RF Matt Joyce left in the third , one inning after he cut his chin colliding with first baseman Yonder Alonso pursuing a popup , which Alonso caught . Joyce received three stitches but said the injury was n't serious .
Miami : LHP Braxton Garrett , the Marlins ' top prospect , will receive a second opinion on his sore left elbow next week from specialist Dr. James Andrews . Garrett has been diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament and could require Tommy John surgery .
ROSTER MOVE
To make room on the roster for Gossett , 1B-OF Matt Olson was optioned to Nashville .
DRAFT PICK
The Marlins took the brother of Chicago Bears tight end Dion Sims in the 14th round of the draft . Demetrius Sims is a shortstop at Bethune-Cookman .
UP NEXT
Miami : The Marlins hit the road after winning for the 10th time in their past 12 home games . They visit the new ballpark in Atlanta for the first time to begin a three-game series Friday , when RHP Dan Straily ( 4-4 , 3.89 ) will pitch against LHP Sean Newcomb ( 0-1 , 0.00 ) .
Oakland : The 's return home for a four-game series against the Yankees beginning Thursday , when RHP Sonny Gray ( 2-2 , 4.37 ) will face LHP Jordan Montgomery ( 4-4 , 3.55 ) .
———
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
17:44 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Live on Arutz Sheva : PM and Trump press conference Prime Minister Netanyahu will hold a joint press conference with US President Donald Trump at 7 pm Israel time ( 12 pm EST ) . Watch live on Arutz Sheva .
► ◄ Last Briefs
The-Dream is gifting fans with a new song to celebrate the 10 year anniversary of his debut album Love Hate . The 2007 album gave us hits like “ Shawty Is The Shit “ , “ I Luv Your Girl ” and “ Falsetto “ .
Listen to the song below .
SEATTLE – Sporting Kansas City has boasted the stingiest defense in MLS this season , with 19 goals conceded in 23 matches representing a league-low total .
But after their 1-0 road defeat to the Seattle Sounders at CenturyLink Field on Saturday , Sporting have played seven league games without keeping a clean sheet – probably a longer drought than head coach Peter Vermes would like .
Even so , Vermes said he 's not too worried about his team eventually getting back to its lockdown defensive form .
“ When you 've got guys that are away for international duty as long as [ we have ] , you 're going to be a little bit inconsistent in some areas on the field , ” Vermes said . “ But our results have been good . No doubt , with regular training , I 'm not really concerned with that all . ”
Vermes said SKC 's problems on Saturday mostly owed to a lack of attacking punch in the final third , one that could potentially be attributed to a fatigued and reserve-heavy side . The club was coming off a 120-minute US Open Cup match against the San Jose Earthquakes on Wednesday that influenced Vermes to alter his lineup accordingly , with linchpins like Graham Zusi and Ike Opara not even making the trip .
“ I think we put the effort in , ” Vermes said . `` I think the game came down to one chance and they scored and we were n't very dangerous in the attacking third . I think we lacked a little bit of final push .
“ We were just mentally and physically tired . And you have so many changes , we were a little bit disjointed as a team but more importantly , not all of those guys were 90 minutes fit . So I think that had a little bit to do with it as well . ”
Vermes still said he was pleased with how his side competed on Saturday . Clint Dempsey 's 36th-minute game-winner was the only tally his team conceded to Seattle 's star-studded and in-form attack and , with more clinical finishing , the visitors very well could have left CenturyLink with a point .
SKC remain atop the Western Conference table despite the defeat , albeit in a three-way tie with Seattle and the Houston Dynamo .
“ I do n't think we got worked over by any means today , at all , ” Vermes said . “ I thought we were good on the ball . The only thing where I think we were n't good today is we were n't dangerous in the final third . We did n't really put a ton of pressure on them in and around the goal .
`` Outside of that I thought our game was good . They got one chance , they scored , and they get the three points . That 's the way it goes sometimes . ''
It 's not often that we see a film about two dysfunctional people and get to understand their world . Well-known director Shyamaprasad celebrates life through Jude and Crystal in his film 'Hey Jude ' . This is a feel-good film brought alive by Nivin Pauly and Trisha that leaves you with a smile on your face as you walk out of the theatre . Read on to find out what the film is all about
When you first meet Jude ( Nivin Pauly ) , you think he 's very quirky though his dad Dominic ( Siddique ) believes he 's brilliant and his mom is constantly praying for him . This young man , who lives in Kochi , is all buttoned up , eats only certain foods and always has lunch at 12 30 pm . The fussy man can never hold a job either but you soon discover that there 's much more to Jude . Jude has Asperger 's Syndrome which makes him a genius at Maths and facts and figures but terrible at social interactions and emotions . He loves the ocean world and it 's not just his room that 's filled with fish and pictures of sea animals but even his tees ! The irony , though , is that Jude is terrified of water .
One day , his dad receives a call stating his aunt has passed away in Goa and they need him to attend the reading of the will . Jude and his parents head to Goa and this is where his life changes . Not only does his grand-aunt leave Jude and his dad her entire estate , he also runs into singer Crystal aka Crys ( Trisha ) and her dad Sebastien ( Vijay Menon ) . His whole life turns topsy-turvy . How does his life change ? What happens to Jude when he meets Crystal ? Director Shyamaprasad has focussed on the lives of two dysfunctional people – Jude and Crystal – in the movie and beautifully narrates how these two contrasting characters together surmount their fears and discover happiness . Jude does n't understand emotions while Crystal is not able to control hers . Jude fears the water whereas Crystal loves the ocean . Jude ca n't relate to people but Crystal is a free bird who loves to socialise .
Nivin Pauly is the heart and soul of the film and his portrayal of Jude is flawless . Every aspect of the character like the eye movements , gestures , the way he speaks and how he transforms towards the end is nuanced by Nivin Pauly effortlessly . Trisha as Crystal perhaps has got one of the best roles in her career and she has pulled it off . Siddique and Vijay Menon excel at their roles as the fathers ' of the two characters respectively and their banter adds flavour to the story .
One must applaud director Shyamaprasad for taking two characters who are considered not ‘ normal ' by society and showing how normal they in fact are . Through the film he conveys that everyone has quirks – they just differ in degrees and type – but how we all ultimately want the same thing – happiness and fulfillment .
As for the film , it is quite slow in its narration , especially in the first half . While the story is different because it has two dysfunctional people , it 's also run-of-the-mill because it 's predictable . The cinematography by Girish Gangadharan celebrates Goa and the music by Ouseppachan , M. Jayachandran , Gopi Sundar and Rahul Raj , is apt for the film . ‘ Hey Jude ' is a feel-good film brought alive by Nivin and Trisha that leaves you with a smile on your face as you walk out of the theatre .
An emergency official says a small plane has crashed at an airfield in eastern Austria , killing two people aboard .
Lower Austria province fire service spokesman Franz Resperger told the Austria Press Agency that the aircraft came down nose-first Wednesday morning in a field next to the runway at the Voeslau-Kottingbrunn airfield , south of Vienna . The two men were trapped in the badly damaged cockpit .
There was no immediate word on the cause of the crash .
WARSAW , Poland ( AP ) — Polish President Andrzej Duda has signed into law a bill that largely limits trade on Sundays , saying it will benefit family life .
The legislation , worked out by the conservative government and the Solidarity trade union , is expected to draw protests from large Western supermarket chains that are the main target of the law . A large part of their profit is earned on weekends .
As of March 1 , shops and markets will be closed on two Sundays per month ; in 2019 only one Sunday a month will be open for shopping ; and starting in 2020 , there will be no Sunday shopping , with a few exceptions .
Duda praised the law on Tuesday as giving children a chance to be with parents and giving shop workers some needed time off .
12:26 Reported News Briefs Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 'Come on , kid , let 's start walking ' Read more Jerusalem hospital treats 4-year-old Gaza child , allowing him to walk for the first time in two years . ► ◄ Last Briefs
Joel Embiid made plenty of his NBA opponents look silly this year , so just imagine what he could do in a pickup game at a local park .
You can stop imagining , because here is video of the 76ers star playing at a neighborhood park in Philadelphia . He surprises an overmatched defender by bouncing the ball off his face , then finishes with a windmill slam .
Here 's video , courtesy @ astrait25 , of Joel Embiid bouncing a ball off a dude 's face and then windmilling on his head at a park at 9th and South in Philly . Phenomenal . pic.twitter.com/XS99pFhXat — Rob Dauster ( @ RobDauster ) May 28 , 2018
MORE : WATCH : Joel Embiid dunks on another hopeless victim at local park
We 've never seen a face-ball move like that before in an NBA game , and it probably would n't go over well with the opposing team , but it worked here . Also , for anyone wondering about Embiid possibly risking injury in a pickup game , NBA contracts typically permit that activity , although the standard contract usually prohibits more dangerous hobbies such as boxing , riding motorcycles , auto racing , hang gliding and skydiving .
City officials have confirmed that Farmersville residents Greg and his son , Tim Barber were killed Saturday , Dec. 31 in an airplane crash in McKinney .
A third person , whose identity has not been released , was also killed in the crash .
Though the FAA and NTSB are still investigating the crash , preliminary information released states that the two planes collided over McKinney near Aero Country Airport shortly after 5:30 p.m .
One of the small , private airplanes crashed into Custer Road in McKinney , shutting down the road for an extended period of time while investigators secured the wreckage .
The other aircraft crashed into Uncle Bob 's Self Storage .
NTSB has confirmed that no one was injured on the ground as a result of the crash .
Greg and Tim were beloved in the Farmersville community , one of the leaders of Boy Scout 310 . Tim was also very involved in the troop and had achieved the rank of Eagle Scout .
Greg was also a retired Air Force Pilot and his son , Tim had just completed his first semester at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs . He was home on Christmas break .
Service times for the father and son are unknown at this time .
For the complete story see the Jan. 5 edition of The Princeton Herald .
By Wyndi Veigel • News Editor • news @ princetonherald.com .
By CHRISTINA A. CASSIDY and DAVID A. LIEB
Associated Press
An Arizona lawmaker who repeatedly harassed women has become the first since the swell of the # MeToo movement to get kicked out of office by colleagues but likely will not be the last to face repercussions amid intensifying scrutiny of sexual misconduct in state legislatures .
The heightened focus on harassment and misconduct has led to growing calls for change in a year that already has seen an unusually large number of women expressing interest in running for office .
`` This conduct perpetuates the good-old-boys culture all too familiar to women in workplaces across the nation , '' said Ohio state Rep. Teresa Fedor , one of several female Democratic lawmakers who called this week for the resignation of Republican Rep. Bill Seitz because of offense remarks . `` Women and men deserve better , not more of the same tired excuses . It 's time for a change . ''
With his expulsion on Thursday , Arizona Rep. Don Shooter became the 15th state lawmaker to leave office since the start of 2017 ( the others resigned ) after being accused of sexual misconduct . About 20 others have faced lesser consequences , ranging from forced apologies to suspensions to the loss of powerful leadership posts , according to a state-by-state review by The Associated Press .
Sexual harassment investigations are ongoing against other state lawmakers , including in California , Hawaii , Kentucky and Oregon . On Friday , the Democratic leaders of the California Assembly and Senate released records that show four current lawmakers have faced such complaints since 2006 , although none was formally disciplined . They include a 2017 allegation against a female lawmaker , Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke , who later took responsibility for engaging in sexually charged banter .
The issue is already beginning to resonate in election campaigns . Women have stepped forward as candidates in five of the eight upcoming elections across the nation to replace lawmakers who resigned amid sexual misconduct allegations .
In California , a former legislative staffer who says she was aware that a co-worker was being sexually harassed is now running for the lawmaker 's seat . The alleged incident happened years ago when former Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra was serving as chief of staff for another lawmaker . Bocanegra resigned in November amid multiple allegations .
Yolie Anguiano said she decided to run for Bocanegra 's seat in Los Angeles ' San Fernando Valley after the allegations surfaced and that she regrets not speaking up at the time about what she knew . Anguiano said she was fearful of retaliation and believes electing more women is critical to addressing issues such as health care and education .
`` I want to have that seat at the table to bring up these policy issues but also to hold those folks who are hurting other people , whether they are men and women , to hold them accountable , '' she said .
In Oklahoma , Amber Jensen , a Democrat who represents a rural part of the state , is running to replace former state Sen. Bryce Marlatt , who resigned in September after being charged with sexual battery stemming from an incident with an Uber driver . Jensen said she attended last year 's women 's march in Oklahoma City and was inspired to see so many women stepping forward .
`` I feel like a woman 's voice is missing from the very conversations that affect all women , '' Jensen said . `` I am tired of men making decisions for women . ''
In what could be a historic election , many women have said they plan to run for office this year for the first time at all levels of government , from statehouses to Congress . That is driven largely by Democratic frustration over the election of President Donald Trump , but the # MeToo movement also is playing a role .
Experts say lawmaker resignations and retirements can provide an opportunity for women , because it 's easier for a political newcomer to be competitive in an open seat rather than challenging an incumbent with name recognition and a stockpile of campaign cash .
`` When the issue is sexual harassment and men behaving very badly , it also opens up a window for a woman candidate , '' said Debbie Walsh , who leads the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University . `` Whether it 's true or not , women are perceived to be more ethical and honest and far less likely to behave in the manner that these lawmakers did . ''
Some men also are citing accusations of sexual misconduct against male lawmakers as part of their impetus for mounting electoral challenges this year .
Brian Kent Strow , an economics professor at Western Kentucky University , said he was frustrated when negotiations to fix the state 's multi-billion public pension debt fell apart last fall following reports that four Republican lawmakers had secretly signed a sexual harassment settlement . One of those lawmakers was Rep. Michael Meredith , Strow 's representative and someone he had voted for in the past .
When the daughter of one of Meredith 's Republican colleagues subsequently accused the lawmaker of sending her inappropriate Facebook messages , Strow decided to challenge Meredith in the Republican primary .
`` That made me upset , that the real business of the state would get sidetracked because people were misbehaving personally , '' said Strow , adding : `` I had basically had enough . ''
Meredith declined to comment Friday about the accusations or his re-election bid .
___
Associated Press writers Adam Beam in Frankfort , Kentucky , Bob Christie in Phoenix and Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus , Ohio , contributed to this report .
___
An earlier version of this report had an incorrect spelling of Amber Jensen 's last name .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The Lady Saints scored twice in the first inning and five times in the second . After Tuckers Crossroads was retired in the top of the third inning , the game was called as rain began to fall harder .
Annalise Wood homered and drove in two runs for Mt . Juliet Christian .
Aly Dickerson had Tuckers Crossroads ' only two hits while Callie Buhler drew a pair of walks off Wood , who struck out eight . The Lady Hornets had four errors in the field .
Tuckers Crossroads will travel to Watertown 's Three Forks Park to take on the Tigerettes at 4 p.m. Thursday .
DCA rallies to defeat Friendship
DONELSON — Donelson Christian used a three-run fourth inning to wipe out a Friendship Christian lead and defeat the Lady Commanders 5-2 last Thursday .
The Lady Commanders led 2-1 with Annabelle Cooksey singling home one of the Friendship runs . Mattie Smith singled and scored two bases before scoring on a passed ball . Destiny Henderson also singled .
Cooksey took the loss despite nine strikeouts and no walks in a complete game .
Friendship will travel to Davidson Academy at 4:30 p.m. Wednesday .
PHOENIX -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 24 , 2018 -- Avnet ( NYSE : AVT ) , a leading global technology distributor , released the latest edition of the Supply Chain Navigator , supply chain thought leadership journal , with an exclusive interview with HP Inc. Chief Supply Chain Officer Stuart Pann , and an in-depth look at how IoT connectivity in the Factory of the Future has put industrial supply chains in the crosshairs of the world 's most sophisticated and malicious cybercriminals .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005546/en/
HP Inc. Chief Supply Chain Officer Stuart Pann shares some of the innovative supply chain initiatives behind the company 's ongoing success . ( Photo : Business Wire )
“ The distinct challenges around fortifying today 's connected industrial control and civil infrastructure systems are often either misunderstood or underestimated , ” said Wade McDaniel , publisher of Supply Chain Navigator and vice president of solutions development and delivery , Avnet Velocity . “ In this issue , we share insights from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , Cisco , and other highly respected voices in the cybersecurity field into the distinct cyber risk challenges facing members of the industrial supply chain , as well as tips for building more effective cyber hygiene into today 's IoT-enabled value networks . ”
Supply Chain Navigator April 2018 issue highlights :
One-on-One with Stuart Pann , Chief Supply Chain Officer , HP Inc . Contributed Commentary : Cyber Risks in Additive Manufacturing Threaten to Unravel the Digital Thread Best Practice : General Dynamics Mission Systems Innovates Innovation with Suppliers Research Notes : Managing Natural Resource Dependencies in Supply Chains Contributed Commentary : AI as a Force for Good in Supply Chain Management Op-Ed : Reflections on a Career , and Profession , in Transition
To read the latest issue of Supply Chain Navigator , go online to : http : //scnavigator.avnet.com/April-2018 . Sign up for a free subscription to Supply Chain Navigator at :
Supply Chain Navigator is a 2017 winner of the for Publication Excellence . The publication reaches more than 150,000 purchasing , supply chain , manufacturing , operations and logistics professionals throughout the global electronics industry . Supply Chain Navigator 's quality writing , distinct content and thought-provoking insights have earned the publication a 2017 of Merit , as well as recognition from ( # 16 ) and to follow .
Click to Tweet : Ca n't miss # supplychain # cybersecurity best practice tips from @ Edna_Conway @ RobertMetzger2 @ DHSgov @ emilemonette in the April issue of @ SC_Navigator http : //bit.ly/1ll33LR
Follow Avnet on Twitter : @ Avnet Connect with Avnet on LinkedIn : http : //www.linkedin.com/company/avnet Connect with Avnet on Facebook : http : //www.facebook.com/AvnetInc
About Avnet
From idea to design and from prototype to production , Avnet supports customers at each stage of a product 's lifecycle . A comprehensive portfolio of design and supply chain services makes Avnet the go-to guide for innovators who set the pace for technological change . For nearly a century , Avnet has helped its customers and suppliers around the world realize the transformative possibilities of technology . Learn more about Avnet at www.avnet.com .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005546/en/
CONTACT : Avnet
Maureen O'Leary , 480-643-7499
maureen.oleary @ avnet.com
or
Brodeur Partners
Jamie Ernst , 480-308-0286
jernst @ brodeur.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ARIZONA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY TRANSPORT SECURITY MANUFACTURING LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT OTHER MANUFACTURING COMMUNICATIONS PUBLISHING
SOURCE : Avnet
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/24/2018 11:00 AM/DISC : 04/24/2018 11:01 AM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005546/en
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett plans to sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice — and expects a backlash over an issue that is `` bigger than a sport . ''
He sat on the visiting bench during `` The Star-Spangled Banner '' before a preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers , a decision he made before weekend protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia .
The violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , including the death of a young woman struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters Saturday , solidified Bennett 's decision .
`` With everything that 's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days , seeing everything in Virginia , seeing what 's going on out there earlier today in Seattle , I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice , '' Bennett said .
`` First of all , I want people to understand I love the military . My father was in the military . I love hot dogs like any other American . I love football like any other American , but I do n't love segregation , '' he added . `` I do n't love riots . I do n't love oppression . I do n't love to gender slander . I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve , and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that , you know , and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society . ''
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games . Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch , a former teammate of Bennett 's in Seattle , also sat . Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist , continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick 's decision to kneel during the anthem .
Kaepernick is a free agent , and the fallout from his protest has not abated , even as he remains unsigned .
Bennett is willing to deal with similar consequences .
`` Of course , I 'm going to face backlash , '' he said . `` This is bigger than me . This is bigger than football . This is bigger than anything that we have . This is about people . This is about bringing opportunities to people , giving people equality . This is bigger than a sport . ''
Bennett said he had spoken with several other NFL players about possible protests , but had not talked with Lynch yet . While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and organized protests , Bennett wanted to express himself .
`` I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in , '' Bennett said .
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett 's actions , saying he became aware of it only after the game .
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable . In the process , he hopes to spur greater communication , understanding and involvement across racial , gender and socio-economic lines .
`` Everyone is in their comfort zone right now , '' Bennett said . `` Get out there and become uncomfortable . Go out there and see what it 's like out there in society right now . ''
The bill still has to clear the state Assembly before it can be signed into law .
If that happens , the big question is whether or not the FCC will challenge the rules . In California 's case , it seems likely -- the FCC could argue that the rules directly contradict federal-level regulation . Some states , such as New York , have tried using executive orders that rely on the government contract clause rather than instituting separate rules . Those might be more difficult for the FCC to unwind .
If there 's any certainty , it 's that the official June 11th death of net neutrality wo n't be the end of the battle . With numerous states both implementing neutrality rules and filing a lawsuit , ISPs could easily run into trouble if they simply ignore state policies . Any FCC attempts to undo state rules , meanwhile , could easily turn into drawn-out legal fights .
Wainfleet 's participation in mutual aid response will be discussed during a presentation by Ontario 's Office of the Fire Marshal at council Tuesday .
The presentation will outline what the township and its fire service have to do to obtain compliance with the minimum conditions for participation in the province 's mutual aid program . Mutual aid is when a municipality requests or provides aid to another municipality during an emergency situation , whether it be a fire or something else .
A letter provided to council outlines a number of concerns in relation to Wainfleet Fire and Emergency Services and action items and timelines to address each .
Some of the concerns revolve around lack of incident management and incident command systems . The Fire Marshal 's Office says the items can take care by providing training courses to firefighters .
It says the township can explore training opportunities with neighbouring fire services , even suggesting fire operations training at Fort Erie Fire and Emergency Services ' fire training .
In the letter , it says the township must “ further analyze firefighter staffing at incident scenes with supplementary consideration of the development of initial fire attack teams , rapid intervention teams and fire growth . ”
“ Until such time that staff are trained in rapid intervention teams and fire growth and other firefighter safety principals , the municipality should not conduct any interior operations , unless they have secured agreements , or have fully trained their staff in order to safely perform those operations .
“ If the municipality is currently unable to provide those levels of service due to gaps in required training , than a public information campaign should be delivered to inform the residents that until such time as the training is completed there will be no expected rescue in their jurisdiction/municipality , ” the report says .
A former chief of the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group ( CIDG ) in Eastern Manila was shot dead by one of two motorcycle-riding men in Pasig City before dawn Tuesday .
Chief Insp . Rommel Macatlang , 52 , was reportedly gunned down while having his Mitsubishi van filled at a Shell gas station at the corner of F. Ortigas Jr. Avenue and Meralco Avenue at about 12:30 a.m .
Initial investigation by SPO1 Rolando Anselmo Jr. showed that Macatlang was in his car when the backrider shot him repeatedly . The suspects then fled immediately .
ADVERTISEMENT
Macatlang was assigned to the National Capital Region-CIDG in Camp Crame , Quezon City , at the time of his death .
Members of the Pasig City Rescue Team responded to the crime scene and declared him dead on the spot .
The police recovered four spent cartridges from the crime scene .
Prior to his death , Macatlang facilitated the arrest of several drug trafficking groups operating in Eastern Metro Manila including the Exsano drug trafficking group in Taytay , Rizal , in 2016 .
An investigation is ongoing . CBB
RELATED STORY
Drug gang head nabbed in Taytay on tip from suspects
Teenage social media superstar and trendsetter JoJo Siwa ca n't wait to head to Blackpool - telling fans Slimefest is going to be ‘ awesome ' .
The internet sensation will make her first UK performances - singing hit single Boomerang live - at all six shows during the three-day family festival at The Arena at the Pleasure Beach from October 21 to 23 .
“ I 'm so excited for Slimefest and performing for my fans there , ” the 14-year-old said .
“ It 's going to be really fun and really slimey . ”
JoJo came to fame when she appeared on US reality show Dance Moms , and has gone on to world-wide recognition thanks to her social media presence - with more than 5.8m followers on Instagram and 600m views on her YouTube channel where she speaks out against negativity and bullying .
The JoJo Bow phenomenon was sparked by JoJo 's giant colourful hair accessories , and has caused some controversy with schools banning them for clashing with uniform standards .
“ It 's cool to see people wear my bows , ” she said . “ I 'd seen news articles about them being banned in schools - it 's crazy , but amazing . I 've been wearing them since I was a baby , when my mum put them in . ”
Slimefest is being hosted by Diversity 's Jordan Banjo and Perri Kiely , with headline performances from the dance troup , as well as The Vamps and Pixie Lott .
Also appearing are the stars of Nickelodeon 's School of Rock , Breanna Yde and Ricardo Hurtado .
Go to www.nick.co.uk/slimefest for tickets , costing from £15 .
TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE , Calif. ( AP ) — A mistaken report of a shooter prompted the lockdown of Travis Air Force Base in California on Wednesday in the midst of an emergency training exercise , officials said .
The base ordered people to shelter in place and lock their doors and windows . Gates were closed for more than an hour before the all-clear was given at the site 45 miles northeast of San Francisco .
`` There were reports of gunshots at the Base Exchange . However , no shooter was found , '' a base Facebook posting reported .
`` There was a security exercise underway at the base and somebody took that to be an active shooter and they went from there , '' said U.S. Rep. John Garamendi , who was briefed on the situation .
The false alarm came on a day marked by violence .
In Virginia , a gunman wounded Rep. Steve Scalise and several others during practice for a baseball game featuring congressional Republicans .
James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , was fatally shot by police who had been guarding Scalise , the House majority whip .
In San Francisco , a UPS employee opened fire inside a package delivery facility , killing three co-workers and himself , authorities said .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — As Alabama votes to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions , the choice between Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones has taken on outsized significance . Moore has faced allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers , dividing the GOP and giving Democrats hope of picking up a seat in a reliably red state . Here is what to look for in Tuesday night 's results :
WHAT IS THE TRUMP DRAW ?
Alabama has once already proven the bounds of President Donald Trump 's political influence . He endorsed Moore 's GOP rival , Sen. Luther Strange , in the September primary , campaigning for him in Alabama hours before he was trounced by the state 's conservative voters . Now Trump has wagered a greater sum on Moore 's candidacy . The president resisted calls from his party 's senior leadership to abandon Moore after the sexual misconduct allegations surfaced . He directed the Republican National Committee to re-enter the race on Moore 's behalf , repeatedly attacked Jones , and recorded last-minute robo-calls on the Republican 's behalf . A GOP defeat in the deep-red state would speak to the limits of Trump 's ability to sway and motivate Republican voters .
WILL DEMOCRATIC TURNOUT EFFORTS PAY OFF ?
In recent days , Democrats have pulled out the stops for Jones , including recorded calls from former President Barack Obama and visits from high-profile surrogates . They 're trying to boost turnout among those most likely to be aggravated by Moore 's controversial past , including black voters , and make inroads with suburban women_who proved to be pivotal to Democratic victories last month . Strong turnout and Democratic gains on both those fronts could point to trouble for Moore , and for the GOP going into next year .
WILL DEMOCRATS END THEIR SPECIAL ELECTION BAD LUCK ?
Despite a ripe political climate , high-profile coverage , and huge injections of cash , Democrats are winless in five contests for vacant Republican congressional seats this year . All have been held in reliably Republican strongholds , but the defeats have still taken their toll on a party in a struggle for its identity . Wins in Virginia , New Jersey , and Maine in the November off-year election have provided some sorely-needed optimism for the 2018 midterms , and a Senate seat pick-up in Alabama would add pep to the party 's step .
HOW WILL IT AFFECT RETIREMENTS ?
Sensing a difficult midterm election looming , 16 Republican members of the House and two in the Senate have already announced they will not run again next year . The retirement gap_only six Democrats in the House and one in the Senate have said they wo n't run_can be an early indicator of what 's to come in a midterm election . ( A more even split of retirements exists for lawmakers retiring from Congress to seek other office . ) Republican leaders are anticipating more retirements on their side from lawmakers in competitive seats where members are facing challenging and expensive contests . A Democratic victory statewide in Alabama could foretell a dire year ahead for Republicans , which could send more Republicans to announce their departures on their own terms .
WAS MOORE WORTH IT ?
The Republican Party 's decision to maintain support for Roy Moore stands to be a defining choice for years to come . The party chose to embrace a one-time pariah for reasons of political expediency , and then doubled-down in the face of troubling allegations of sexual assault and harassment . For the president , it 's a matter of practicality_a loss would narrow the GOP 's thin majority in the Senate even further at a time when his agenda faces critical tests . But other Republicans worry it 's a short-term ploy that has sacrificed their moral authority and that may come back to haunt them in the coming year . Republican lawmakers have spent the past months struggling to answer questions about Moore and his long history of divisive comments , and should he win , his presence will loom large in the Capitol and on the campaign trail . If Moore keeps the Senate seat in Republican hands , it may justify the backlash for some GOP officials . If he loses , the GOP has stuck by a candidate despite accusations of sexual impropriety , and who has alienated vast swaths of the electorate , with nothing to show for it .
ALAMEDA , Calif. -- The Oakland Raiders have signed free agent quarterback Josh Johnson to compete for the backup position.The team also officially announced the signing of cornerback Shareece Wright on Monday . Wright said last week he had agreed to join the Raiders.Wright spent last season in Buffalo , where he had one interception and five passes defensed in 12 games.Johnson is an Oakland native and was drafted by Tampa Bay in Raiders coach Jon Gruden 's last season there in 2008 . Johnson has spent time with 10 teams and started five games . He has completed 96 of 177 passes for 1,042 yards , five touchdowns and 10 interceptions and a 57.7 passer rating.Johnson has n't thrown a pass in the NFL since 2011 and will compete with Connor Cook to become Derek Carr 's backup .
“ I 'm not happy about it , I 'm not proud of it , ” said Andy Byford , who took over in mid-January as president of New York City Transit , which runs the subway and public buses . But he added that , based on 29 years of working on and running transit systems , “ You need to look at the long-term game . ”
Mr. Byford pointed out that subway performance improved in February , though it has struggled again in March with back-to-back storms . Although on-time arrival statistics for February are not yet available , there were 56 major incidents that disrupted weekday service that month , compared with 105 incidents in January .
Mr. Byford also said he would review longtime safety regulations that restrict the speed of trains when they are approaching signals with timers , which some transit advocates have said may be unnecessary in some cases and slow down the system too much .
Even before the latest problems , the New York City subway system had one of the worst records for on-time performance among the nation 's cities , though it is by far the biggest system . For instance , in January , on-time performance was 85.7 percent for Washington 's Metro system , 95 percent for Chicago 's L-train system and 96.7 percent for Atlanta 's Marta rail system .
Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo declared a state of emergency for the city 's subway system last year and has helped promote an $ 800 million emergency rescue plan . But the continuing delays and breakdowns have exasperated many riders . On Monday , the actress Cynthia Nixon officially announced that she would challenge Mr. Cuomo to be the Democratic nominee in November 's election for governor , making the subway one of her priorities .
John Raskin , the executive director of the Riders Alliance , an advocacy group , said Mr. Cuomo had not made much progress in fixing the subways . “ We 've seen what the governor can do when he prioritizes an issue , and it 's time for the transit system to merit that intensity of focus , ” Mr. Raskin said . “ The subway system is at the breaking point , and honestly , subway riders are too . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Raskin added that the governor and state lawmakers needed to pass a congestion plan for Manhattan , which would charge drivers for driving into Manhattan at peak traffic hours to help fund the subway system .
In January , there were 76,287 delayed weekday trains , up from 60,455 the year before , according to the new report . Of those , 27,249 were the result of overcrowding or insufficient capacity .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In addition , there were 18,931 delayed weekend trains , up from 14,182 the year before .
Blaming overcrowding for delays has become contentious after an investigation by The New York Times in December found that officials had been citing that to mask delays caused by breakdowns or signal problems that forced people onto fewer trains . Mr. Byford has acknowledged that overcrowding is not a meaningful measurement and that officials need to provide more specific information .
M.T.A . officials said that January was particularly hard on the subway system because of a two-day snowstorm early in the month that blanketed the city , and extreme swings in temperature from cold to warm during the month that caused snow to melt faster and seep into equipment . Also , trains were stored on some express tracks instead of outside in yards to protect them from the cold , but that resulted in some delays in service while they were moved out of the way . In addition , a burst water pipe knocked out service to many trains at the subway station at Seventh Avenue and 53rd Street in Manhattan .
While there are other indicators of subway performance besides on-time arrivals , many advocates and others say that it remains an important measure because consistent delays can mean fewer trains and more crowding .
Still , Bill Henderson , executive director of a citizen 's advisory committee to the M.T.A. , said that he was not overly concerned based on January 's performance alone . “ One exceptional month would not necessarily trigger an alarm for me , ” he said .
Several subway riders said they felt that train service was improving . Matt Albala , 29 , a brokerage manager who takes the subway three or four times a day , said he had been delayed only once or twice in the past month . “ That 's pretty good , I think , ” he said . “ Before , I would get delayed 5 or 10 minutes here and there , and that does n't happen much anymore . ”
But many other subway riders said the subways were still making them late as they tried to get to work , go home or just get around the city .
Horace Medley , 34 , a contractor from Canarsie , Brooklyn , said that in his experience , the 4 train is delayed by 15 to 20 minutes almost every day when he takes it going home . “ It makes you upset , ” he said . “ They keep on raising the fare , and the service is not getting any better . ”
On Monday information came in from one of the ships searching for the missing three Israelis , who disappeared while rafting on Wednesday .
The ship in question has sonar capabilities .
According to Channel 10 , the Israel Police are investigating the reliability of the information received .
On Monday morning , the ships ' search concentrated mostly on the Kinneret 's ( Sea of Galilee ) eastern rim , where the three were last seen .
Police observation balloons and multicopter drones were also used during the search .
A team from the IDF Navy joined the search efforts on Sunday afternoon , adding 3-D sonar scanning capabilities .
Israel Police Commissioner Roni Alsheich said on Sunday that he assumes 19-year-old Itamar Ohana , 21-year-old Nahman Itah , and 17-year-old Liron Karadi were swept away by Wednesday 's strong winds and are no longer alive .
`` We are assuming that the missing Israelis are no longer alive , '' Alsheich said . `` We will continue searching professionally , both under the water and above it . The navy 's sonar , which is being set up as we speak , will significantly aid our ability to scan specific areas . ''
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Leicester has sent Nigeria forward Ahmed Musa back to CSKA Moscow on loan until the end of the season .
Musa joined Leicester from CSKA in 2016 but scored only twice in 21 games last season .
He spent much of this season with Leicester 's reserve team and only played one game in the English League Cup , scoring against Sheffield United .
In a statement on the Russian club 's website , Musa says CSKA is `` truly my home , a champion team , '' adding , `` I 'm back in the red-and-blue family . ''
CSKA is likely to offer Musa regular game time as he prepares to represent Nigeria at the World Cup . Nigeria will face Croatia , Iceland and Argentina in the group stage .
( AP Photo/Brian Skoloff , File ) . FILE - This April 2 , 2017 file drone photo shows the U.S.-Mexico border fence on the outskirts of Nogales in southern Arizona . A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U.S. District Court ...
( AP Photo/Anita Snow ) . In this Dec. 4 , 2017 photo , a slogan asking for justice for 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez , who was shot and killed on a street in Nogales , Sonora , Mexico , is displayed on the streets ' border wall where he ...
( AP Photo/Brian Skoloff , File ) . FILE - This April 2 , 2017 file photo made with a drone , shows the U.S. Mexico border fence as it cuts through the two downtowns of Nogales , Ariz. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U ...
( AP Photo/Anita Snow ) . In this Dec. 4 , 2017 photo , a portrait of 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez , who was shot and killed in Nogales , Sonora , Mexico , is displayed on the street where he was killed that runs parallel with the U.S ....
By ANITA SNOW
Associated Press
PHOENIX ( AP ) - A rare second-degree murder trial of a U.S. Border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the international boundary into Mexico and killing a teenager is set to get under way with jury selection .
Lonnie Swartz is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez five years ago . The teenager was on the street in Nogales , in the Mexican state of Sonora , just across the border from Nogales , Arizona . An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times , mostly from behind .
The trial starting in U.S. District Court in Tucson on Tuesday comes amid President Donald Trump 's crackdown on illegal immigration and his promise to build a wall along the 2,000-mile ( 3,200-kilometer ) U.S.-Mexico border .
Jury selection was set for Tuesday , with opening statements either later that day or on Wednesday , said Cosme Lopez , spokesman for the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona .
Lee Gelernt , a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union , said he believes Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the U.S. Justice Department in a fatal shooting across the international border .
Gelernt is handling a civil lawsuit for the teen 's mother , who is seeking monetary damages against Swartz .
`` This historically important trial is coming at a time when all eyes are on the border , '' he said .
Prosecutors say Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10 , 2012 , through the metal poles of a 20-foot ( 6-meter ) fence that sits on a 25-foot ( about 7.6-meter ) embankment above Mexico 's Calle Internacional , a street lined with homes and small businesses .
About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side , but the two communities linked by family members , trade and culture have long been referred to locally as `` Ambos Nogales '' - `` Both Nogales '' in Spanish .
Swartz 's lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before he was shot in an attempt to create a distraction for drug smugglers and that the officer was justified in using lethal force . They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark .
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and his relatives have denied he was helping drug smugglers , saying he was walking home after playing basketball .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office has said it wo n't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks , but it 's unknown if he had any link to drug smugglers . They argue an unreasonable amount of force was used .
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on his own recognizance . The Border Patrol has not said if he is continuing to receive his salary .
Defense attorney Sean Chapman has declined to comment while the trial is ongoing . A spokesman for the agents ' union , the National Border Patrol Council , did not respond to multiple requests for comment .
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who oppose U.S. border policies say they will rally outside the courthouse .
`` For so long , prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes , '' said John Fife , a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war . `` Now we will see if they can be held accountable . ''
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Expand People hold a candlelight vigil in Bengaluru , India , to protest the rape of an 8-year-old girl in Kathua and a teenager in Unnao , April 13 , 2018 . © 2018 Reuters ( New York ) – The Indian parliament should not adopt into law an ordinance which introduces capital punishment for those convicted of raping a girl under 12 years of age , Human Rights Watch said today . India should instead work towards abolishing the death penalty which is inherently cruel and irreversible , with little evidence that it serves as a deterrent .
The government passed the ordinance on April 21 following widespread protests after attempts by some leaders and supporters of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) to defend Hindu perpetrators of the abduction , ill-treatment , rape , and murder of an 8-year-old Muslim child in Jammu and Kashmir state . In Uttar Pradesh state , authorities not only failed to arrest a BJP legislator accused of raping a 17-year-old girl , but also allegedly beat her father to death in police custody .
“ With this populist call for hangings , the government wants to cover up the fact that its supporters may have engaged in a hate crime , ” said Meenakshi Ganguly , South Asia director . “ If the government is serious about dealing with violence against women and children , it will have to do the hard work of reforming the criminal justice system and ensure that perpetrators are not protected from prosecution by political patronage. ” With this populist call for hangings , the government wants to cover up the fact that its supporters may have engaged in a hate crime .
Two BJP ministers in Jammu and Kashmir state government joined an affiliated group called the Hindu Ekta Manch to protest the arrest of the accused in the horrific case in the state . The accused include a former government official and four police personnel . The ministers have since resigned .
Following the 2012 gang rape and death of Jyoti Singh Pandey , a medical student in Delhi , the Indian government enacted legal reforms to respond to sexual assault and rape . The Criminal Law ( Amendment ) Act , 2013 , added new categories of offenses regarding violence against women and girls and made punishment more stringent , including death penalty for repeat offenders . Similarly , the Protection of Children against Sexual Offences Act , 2012 , established guidelines for the police and courts to deal with victims sensitively and provided for the setting up of specialist child courts .
“ There was hope that these measures would encourage more victims and their families to step forward , and result in more successful prosecutions , ” Ganguly said .
While the number of rape cases reported in 2016 increased by 56 percent over 2012 , there remains much to be done to change the way the justice system responds to victims .
In a November 2017 report , “ Everyone Blames Me , ” Human Rights Watch found that survivors , particularly among marginalized communities , still find it difficult to register police complaints . They often suffer humiliation at police stations and hospitals , are still subjected to degrading tests by medical professionals , and feel intimidated and scared when the case reaches the courts . They face significant barriers when trying to obtain critical support services such as health care , counseling , and legal aid .
Although Indian law makes it mandatory for police officials to register rape complaints , Human Rights Watch found that police sometimes press the victim 's family to “ settle ” or “ compromise . ”
In cases of children , not only has the government not established effective oversight mechanisms that could help prevent child sexual abuse , but existing measures remain poorly implemented .
For women and girls with disabilities , who face a higher risk of sexual violence , the challenges are even greater , Human Rights Watch has found .
However , instead of fixing these structural barriers , the Indian government has expanded the use of capital punishment for rape . Now the parliament should ensure that this ordinance does not become part of permanent legislation .
The government 's ordinance comes despite the fact that both a high-level government committee and India 's Law Commission came out against the death penalty . Human Rights Watch opposes the use of the death penalty in all cases .
The new ordinance also increases minimum punishment for rape of girls and women . While the Protection of Children Against Sexual Offences Act covers sexual abuse against both girls and boys , the ordinance does not cover rape of boys .
For rape of women above 16 years of age , minimum punishment is increased from 7 years to 10 years in prison ;
For rape of girls between 12 to 16 years of age , minimum punishment is now 20 years which may extend to life in prison ;
For gang rape of girls between 12 to 16 years of age , minimum punishment is life in prison ;
For rape of girls under 12 years of age , minimum punishment is 20 years in prison which may extend to life in prison or death penalty ;
For gang rape of girls under 12 years of age , minimum punishment is life in prison or death penalty .
In India , according to the 2016 government data , out of 38,947 cases of rape reported by children and women , the accused was known to the victim in 94.6 percent of the cases . In 630 cases , the accused was the victim 's father , brother , grandfather , or son ; in 1,087 cases , the accused was a close family member ; in 2,174 cases the accused was a relative ; and in 10,520 cases , the accused was a neighbor .
Rape is already underreported in India largely because of social stigma , victim-blaming , poor response by the criminal justice system , and lack of any national victim and witness protection law making them highly vulnerable to pressure from the accused as well as the police . Children are even more vulnerable due to pressure from family and society .
With this background , an increase in punishment , including the death penalty , may , in fact , lead to a decrease in reporting of such crimes .
“ The Indian government has repeatedly said that it is committed to dealing with violence against women and children . But actions speak louder than words , ” Ganguly said . “ The new amendments are ill-conceived and hasty . Protecting children requires a far more thoughtful approach and politicians need to summon the political will to deliver it . ”
Mr. Netanyahu met on Sunday with President Emmanuel Macron of France in Paris , here he received a taste of what was to come , before flying on to Brussels . France said the status of Jerusalem could only be worked out in a final settlement between Israelis and Palestinians to their decades-old disputes .
After meeting with European Union foreign ministers , Mr. Netanyahu said in a statement that recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital “ does n't obviate peace , it makes peace possible , because recognizing reality is the substance of peace , it 's the foundation of peace . ”
Mr. Trump 's move last week ignited protests in many parts of the Islamic world and led to airstrikes on Gaza after Palestinian militants there lobbed missiles into Israel . Mr. Netanyahu castigated the European Union over the weekend for what he said was its “ hypocrisy ” in criticizing Mr. Trump but not the rocket attacks or incitement against Israel .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Ms. Mogherini said she wished to “ condemn in the strongest possible way all attacks on Jews everywhere in the world , including in Europe and on Israel and on Israeli citizens . ”
Among the European Union members , several smaller countries — including Hungary and the Czech Republic — favor a closer bond with Israel . Last week , the Czech Republic said it would consider moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem but then seemed to retreat , saying it accepted Israel 's sovereignty over only the western part of Jerusalem .
The Czech foreign minister , Lubomir Zaoralek , said on Monday that Mr. Trump 's announcement last week “ ca n't help us . ”
“ I am convinced that is it impossible to ease tension with a unilateral solution , ” Mr. Zaoralek said , according to Reuters , as he and other European foreign ministers gathered for breakfast with Mr. Netanyahu . “ We are talking about an Israeli state , but at the same time a Palestinian state . ”
The French foreign minister , Jean-Yves Le Drian said the Europeans had been waiting several months for the new American plan , and were growing weary of waiting . “ If one is not forthcoming , ” he said , “ the European Union will have to take the initiative . ”
Some Israelis , who see a pro-Palestinian bias among many Europeans , have been angered by European moves such as requiring that goods from Israeli settlements in the West Bank be clearly labeled with their provenance . Additionally , many European countries have been seeking closer ties with Iran since it reached a nuclear deal with the United States and other powers .
Galveston , TX ( 77553 )
Today
Thunderstorms likely . High 81F . Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph . Chance of rain 100 % . Localized flooding is possible ..
Tonight
Some clouds . A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible . Low 78F . Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph .
Paul Nuttall 's press officer offered her resignation over the “ close personal friends ” claim she is said to have written on his website in 2012 . Yet that was not the only time Nuttall 's name was associated with those words . In August 2011 the BBC quoted him making the same claim – apparently taken from his press release :
So twice Nuttall 's team wrote statements claiming he had “ close personal friends ” at Hillsborough , and one of them was published by the BBC . And Nuttall says he knew nothing about it…
Texas Representative Roger Williams is the third base coach for the GOP congressional baseball team . Williams was hitting practice grounders to the infield when the Bernie Sanders campaign volunteer , James Hodgkison , opened fire on the team from behind the third base dugout .
.
The charity baseball game will go on as scheduled tomorrow night .
2016 GOP Baseball Team Pictured
.
Advertisements
There 's a picture of a pregnant woman in a bra and underwear behind a target . Next to it is the caption , “ A sharpshooter , because ... Subscribe now to enjoy our premium content Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited . Only 1 $ for the first month
LAS VEGAS — Behind steady play from goalie Marc-Andre Fleury , the Vegas Golden Knights notched victories in their first three regular-season games and created a believer in John Lytle .
Lytle strolled over to the sports book at Texas Station Gambling Hall & Hotel in North Las Vegas to make a futures bet that the new N.H.L . franchise would capture the Stanley Cup in its inaugural season . When Lytle , an Air Force veteran who served in Iraq , posted his $ 100 ticket on Instagram , a few of his friends purchased their own , locking in odds as high 200-1 .
Lytle is among a contingent of Las Vegas residents in line for a massive payday if the Golden Knights prevail in the best-of-seven series against the Washington Capitals . Vegas leads the series 1-0 . Game 2 is scheduled for Wednesday night in Las Vegas .
While the winnings will not be the windfall the soccer club Leicester City delivered to fans who got 5000-1 odds on the middling club winning the Premier League two years ago , the money will be nothing to sneeze at .
The protesters are alleging that when they took their demand to the Union Railway Minister Piyush Goyal , they were rebuffed by the BJP leader and no attention was paid to them . The students are demanding the removal of 20 % reservation permanently from the recruitment and appointment of the ones who have passed the Railway act apprentice exam .
The local railway network is the beating heart of Mumbai as millions of people commute every morning to work but on Tuesday , the Central Railway line in the capital city of Maharashtra stuttered to function smoothly . Hundreds of young railway apprentices took their agitation against the recruitment policy of the central government to the tracks and hindered the railway traffic . The students are demanding jobs in railways and removal of reservation from the recruitment policy .
Agitated students of All India Railway Act Apprenticeship from across the country have gathered at the railway line between Matunga and Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus . They are not only hampering the local traffic but also delaying long-distance trains as well . The local commuters are forced to walk to the nearby railway stations as Mumbai is also overseeing a strike of Ola and Uber cabs since Monday .
# WATCH : Railway traffic resumes between Dadar & Matunga , agitating railway job aspirants still present at the spot where they have been protesting , between Matunga & Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station . # Mumbai pic.twitter.com/J72KIhc38b — ANI ( @ ANI ) March 20 , 2018
Also Read : Punjab government decides to impose permanent ban on hookah bars
The protesters are alleging that when they took their demand to the Union Railway Minister Piyush Goyal , they were rebuffed by the BJP leader and no attention was paid to them . The students are demanding the removal of 20 % reservation permanently from the recruitment and appointment of the ones who have passed the Railway act apprentice exam .
# Mumbai : Railway traffic affected due to student agitation between Matunga & Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station , the agitators are demanding jobs in railways . pic.twitter.com/85AX9ncbt1 — ANI ( @ ANI ) March 20 , 2018
# Mumbai : Railway traffic affected due to student agitation between Matunga & Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station , the agitators are demanding jobs in railways . Police has reached the spot . pic.twitter.com/rlFp1K4tBz — ANI ( @ ANI ) March 20 , 2018
Reportedly , the government of India has set a target of training 30,000 Railway apprentices at its 16 zonal and 7 production units in 2018-19 . The initiative has been taken under government 's Skill India programme . Apprentice training comprises basic and on-the-job training/practical training . Basic training is an essential component of apprenticeship for those who have not undergone any institutional training before taking up on-the-job and practical training .
Also Read : Opposition comes together for no-confidence motion against BJP in Lok Sabha
Also Read : Fodder scam : CBI court convicts Lalu Prasad Yadav , acquits Jagannath Mishra in fourth case
For all the latest Regional News , download NewsX App
A search resumed Monday for 17 people reported missing after a ferry fire off the coast of Indonesia 's capital that left at least 23 dead , officials said .
The victims died Sunday when the vessel , Zahro Express , carrying more than 260 people from a port near Jakarta to Tidung , a resort island in the Kepulauan Seribu chain , caught fire , officials said . Most of the passengers were Indonesians celebrating the New Year holiday , according to local media reports .
Dito , an official from the Jakarta Search and Rescue Agency , said at least five ships and a number of speedboats and rubber boats were deployed in the search .
Of the 224 passengers who were rescued , 32 were being treated at three hospitals , said Dito , who uses a single name .
Seply Madreta , an official from the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency , said the fire gutted about half the vessel , and that 23 bodies had been recovered .
Twenty bodies that were found inside the vessel were burned beyond recognition and were transferred to a police hospital for identification , said Col. Umar Shahab of the Jakarta police health department .
Witnesses told MetroTV that the fire broke out about 15 minutes after the ferry left the port of Muara Angke .
The cause of the fire was not immediately clear . Some passengers told local media that they first saw smoke coming from the ferry 's engine .
The director for sea transportation , Tonny Budiono , said the initial suspicion was that the fire was `` most probably caused by a short circuit in the engine room . ''
He told a news conference the short circuit might have led to the fuel tank exploding .
TV footage showed people in the water with the ferry in flames in the background . A woman in the water can be heard screaming `` Ya Allah ! Ya Allah ! '' or `` Oh God ! Oh God ! ''
Another woman told the TV station that she and other passengers were rescued by a small boat .
Despite the high number of people who were rescued , the ferry 's manifest showed that only 100 were registered as passengers , along with six crewmen , said Denny Wahyu Haryanto , head of the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency . He said the vessel 's captain was under police investigation over the incident .
Ferry accidents are common in Indonesia , the world 's largest archipelagic nation , with more than 17,000 islands . Many accidents are blamed on lax regulation of boat services .
Leighton Buzzard produced one of their more disappointing performances of the season as they were frozen out by Wellingborough , going down 22-0 on Saturday .
In very cold conditions with a bitter wind frequently blowing snow across the pitch , Buzzards failed adapt to the conditions , and saw them well beaten by Wellingborough , who stuck to their straightforward , but efficient , game plan .
“ It was a very disappointing display , ” said Director of Rugby Dave Larham afterwards . “ We got precisely from the game what we deserved ; nothing .
“ We ca n't blame the weather , pitch , referee or any of the other environmental factors that impact on team sports ; this performance lacked passion , belief and the basic game understanding and core rugby skills needed to win a game of rugby at this level .
“ The result puts us back into a dogfight to maintain our place in this league and Level 6 rugby . ”
In tough conditions , Leighton got the game underway but were immediately on the back foot as the home side took control of the scrums . They would be in charge for more of the day at set pieces .
After 15 minutes , Wellingborough were awarded a penalty deep in the Buzzard twenty-two . With both goal-kicking and lineouts difficult in the conditions , particularly with the Leighton lineout performing well , the home side chose to take a scrum . The decision was rewarded as the Wellingborough pack drove over for the first try to leave the home side 5-0 ahead .
Much of the first half followed a similar pattern . The home side retained possession well , dominating in the scrums .
Although the Buzzard lineout continued to function well , Leighton had limited possession which they lost too frequently in contact and through over ambitious moves .
Buzzards did think they might be about to take the lead after half-an–hour when Ben Beaumont intercepted a pass with a clear run for the line but the referee called play back for an earlier penalty .
As half-time approached , pressure from territory and possession resulted in the home side 's second try and a 10-0 half time lead .
Following a half-time ” roasting ” from captain Mike Lynch , the Buzzards did start the second half with more intent . Left winger Luke Stanbridge , who was to make a couple of good breaks on his return to the first team , was held up just short after only three minutes .
However , despite the first fifteen minutes of the second half being Leighton 's best period in the game , they had no points to show for it .
Slowly and , apparently , inevitably the home forwards exerted pressure and Leighton became trapped in their twenty-two .
Mid-way through the half and after a succession of penalties the Wellingborough scrum was stopped illegally and the referee gave a penalty try – 17-0 .
Five minutes later , centre Euan Irwin was shown a yellow card for a high tackle .
Again the home side chose to take a scrum from the resulting penalty and , after a twenty metre drive by the home pack the ball was passed out for a try in the right-hand corner .
Buzzard number eight , Jordan Cummins , had made an excellent effort at a last-ditch tackle and appeared to have dislodged the ball , but the referee , who was well positioned , adjudged there to be downward pressure .
The remaining twelve minutes were played out without further points , leaving the final score 22-0 .
Buzzards slip a place to ninth on points difference and will be confident of improvement at home to twelfth-placed Melton Mowbray next Saturday .
An American and a Lebanese man wounded in the ISIS-claimed shooting at a nightclub in Istanbul early on New Year 's Day describe the attack that left 39 people dead and scores injured .
Directorate of Technical Education ( DTE ) Maharashtra has declared the result for MAH-MBA/MMS-CET 2018 . The examination was held on 10-11 March 2018 . The aspirants who had appeared in the examination can check their result on the official website of DTE Maharashtra at dtemaharashtra.gov.in . Total 106448 candidates had registered for the exam , but 98606 aspirants had appeared for the examination .
Maharashtra Directorate of Technical Education ( DTE ) has declared the result for MAH-MBA/MMS-Common Entrance Test ( CET ) 2018 . The aspirants who had appeared in these entrance examinations can check their result on the official website of the DTE Maharashtra at dtemaharashtra.gov.in . The Directorate had started the registration for the examination in January-February 2018 and entrance took place on 10-11 March 2018 . Total 106448 candidates had registered for the exam , but 98606 aspirants had appeared for the examination , which made it to 92.6 % attendance . The highest percentage for the examination is 82.5 % .
The aspirants can easily check their results on the official website of DTE Maharashtra by downloading a result file which constitutes the roll numbers of selected candidates . Due to the heavy traffic , you might not be able to check the result sometime , so the aspirants are advised to check the results later . The examination was conducted in online mode in multiple phases . As per the rules and regulations of MBA CET 2018 , there were no negative marks for every wrong answer attempted and the paper consist of 200 questions and the total duration of the exam was 2 and half hours .
ALSO READ : K Chandrashekhar Rao meets Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata , discuss ‘ federal front ' for 2019
Directorate of Technical Education has been set up in Maharashtra with the objective to enhance the quality of Technical Education Institutions , programmes and systems towards achieving international standards . Develop Technical manpower to meet the needs of the industry and growth of the economy .
Know how to check the MBA CET result 2018 released by DTE Maharashtra :
Firstly , visit the official website of the DTE Maharashtra at http : //dtemaharashtra.gov.in
Now , you will be redirected to DTE Maharashtra MBA results
Click on the results link mentioned on the website – Click here for MBA 2018 results published on 19 March 2018
On next page open – a pdf file – check your results ; you may search your results using your registration number or roll number or name
ALSO READ : Kejriwal apology : After Bikram Majithia , Delhi CM now apologises to Nitin Gadkari , Kapil Sibal
ALSO READ : Mayawati 's advice to BJP : Do self-introspection of failures rather than celebrating UP govt 's 1 year in power
For all the latest Education and Jobs News , download NewsX App
Unsplash
Whenever college loans come up , whether it 's pop artists paying off fans ' loans or a student loan provider facing $ 12 billion in loans disappearing off the books , there 's always somebody checking in with that hoary chestnut of “ What did all these kids getting those useless English degrees from Harvard expect ? ” Well , probably not much , since somebody 's checked the receipts and discovered that , in fact , not many people are getting English degrees !
FiveThirtyEight decided to look at what # Millennials are actually majoring in , and the overwhelming favorites are “ useful ” degrees like business , health care , and biomedical science in state schools . Less than one percent of college students attend Ivy League schools in the first place , so the “ six figure theater degree from Harvard ” is a rare beast indeed . It turns out the vast majority of people going to college are choosing majors to get a degree and get to work :
Career-focused majors — such as business , education and journalism — are more prevalent at less selective schools than at top-tier schools . Education ranks as the fifth most popular major at less selective schools but is the 21st most popular major at the most selective schools . Other vocation-specific majors such as law enforcement are also more popular at less selective schools . In total , more than half of students at less selective schools major in career-focused subjects ; at elite schools , less than a quarter of students do so .
Business , by the way , is nearly 20 % of all degrees from “ less selective schools. ” There are nearly twice as many business students as people studying to become nurses and doctors , in fact .
One point that stands out is that in what they call more selective schools , there 's an expectation of going on to graduate school , and that most of the attendees have the ability to cover the costs of those degrees in the first place . Nearly forty percent of Harvard 's underclassmen do n't need financial aid , and Harvard costs $ 63,000 a year . So what about all those “ useless ” degrees ? Even at the more selective colleges , they do n't even kiss six percent of graduates : Just 5.6 % of “ more selective ” schools had students studying visual or performing arts , for example , and the English degree that supposedly means you 're jobless ? Just 3.5 % . English does n't even rank in the top ten of “ less selective schools . ”
To illustrate what that means , there are about 20 million college students in the US , so about two million go to the Ivy League . Of those , just 3.5 % are getting an English degree , so , roughly , 70,000 people at any given time are supposedly wasting their student loans or their parents ' cash on an English degree . Seems like the amount of comedy it 's generated might be disproportional .
The entire reason the “ English degree ” is trotted out is an attempt to belittle higher education — that dumb kids are making frivolous choices instead of being hardheaded and practical . But , as we can see from the numbers here , the real face of student debt in America is the people who are crunching the numbers , writing the computer code , and taking care of us in the hospital . And we should likely shift our view of student debt accordingly .
( via FiveThirtyEight )
Pedro Hernandez , a former SoHo store clerk , was convicted on Tuesday of the 1979 murder of six-year-old Etan Patz .
According to The New York Daily News , a Manhattan jury found Hernandez guilty of luring Patz into the basement of a bodega as he walked alone to his school bus stop and then strangling the boy on May 25 , 1979 .
Greg Palast exposes the GOP 's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary ! Donate to order this gift now !
A representative for Ric Flair says the pro wrestling legend has been hospitalized and is dealing with some `` tough medical issues . ''
Melinda Morris Zanoni confirmed a report on Saturday that the 68-year-old Flair had been hospitalized , and stated he was admitted for routine monitoring . Zanoni provided an update early Monday , asking for `` prayers & positive energy '' because Flair has `` tough medical issues . ''
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among those wishing Flair well on Twitter .
Known for his flamboyant outfits and `` Nature Boy '' nickname , Flair made his professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008 .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Pirates are taking over Port Colborne .
Captain John Swallow and quarter master Seika Hellbound are hosting Pyrate Lore and Harbour Walks every Thursday evening . The two pirates are offering a unique insight into the history of Port Colborne , the Welland Canal and Lake Erie . During the 90-minute walk , Swallow and Hellbound talk to visitors about shipwrecks , treasure , smuggling and some of the facts and fiction surrounding the Great Lakes .
Swallow and Hellbound said they do n't want to give all their stories away , but they could share that there are many shipwrecks in Lake Erie . Swallow said there are in fact more shipwrecks in Lake Erie per square mile than there are in all the Great Lakes combined .
“ We have more shipwrecks in part of Lake Erie than there are in the Bermuda Triangle . And that 's part of Lake Erie – it has four times as many shipwrecks as the entire Bermuda Triangle , ” Swallow said .
There are more than 1,400 shipwrecks and two planes at the bottom of Lake Erie . Hellbound said every so often divers will find another wreck .
Swallow said although many of the wrecks were caused by the weather , a number of them went down due to piracy . Near Long Point , Swallow said a great number of ships went down because of mooncussers . Mooncussers were pirates would would extinguish the flame of lighthouses and build fires further down the coast to attract merchant ships . When ships would approach the new fire they would run aground and pirates would loot the ships .
“ It 's not Hollywood 's version of piracy . Piracy for the most part is n't going after a ship that 's got gold or jewels . For the most part it 's going after commodities , ” Hellbound said .
On the Great Lakes , pirates would go after goods including lumber and venison . Hellbound , who has a degree in history , said if the goods were stolen in Canada , pirates would sell it in the United States and visa versa .
Swallow and Hellbound said there is one famous individual who settled in Port Colborne and was known to be a pirate . They said to find out who that person is people need to come on out for a walk .
“ Someone very important to the history of this region ... that 's as far as I 'm going , ” Hellbound said .
Hellbound and Swallow both bring a unique element to the walk since both lay claim to pirate heritage . Hellbound said she can trace her lineage back to an uncle from nine generations ago who sailed with Blackbeard . Hellbound also has an uncle from the 1600s who left the royal navy to join Peter Easton on his Pirate ship , eventually becoming captain . Easton was a pirate who operated along the Newfoundland coastline between 1611 and 1614 .
Swallow said the walk is easily accessible for everyone . People meet at 7 p.m. every Thursday along the Welland Canal at the corner of West Street and Clarence Street , weather permitting . Tickets are $ 15 for adults and $ 5 for children .
Mallenberg @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ M_Allenberg
The Toledo Police Department would like to thank the Siletz Tribal Contribution Fund for their generosity and support of our department and community . Sergeant Michael Pace recently accepted a grant award of $ 1,679.94 for the purchase of six iPads at a grant awards ceremony held at the Chinooks Winds Casino in Lincoln City . The iPads replaced the antiquated laptops in the officer 's patrol cars . The iPads offer a wide range of versatility including : relaying pertinent information between the Toledo Public Safety Dispatch Center and the Toledo Police Department Officers , report writing in the field , video and picture capabilities , and internet access for investigative purposes . Obtaining the iPads also enables the Toledo Police Department to complete its transition to a new Report Management System and Computer Aided Dispatch . This will allow the Toledo Public Safety Dispatch Center to provide more localized services to other government agencies . And you can see from the iPad screen they 're getting a lot of use already .
Thank you Siletz Charitable Contribution Fund for your continued support to the Toledo Police Department , Toledo Public Safety Dispatch Center , and our communities !
Regarding your article “ CNRP Will Propose Changes to Allow Voting From Abroad ” ( August 7 ) , the Committee for Election Rights of Overseas Cambodians ( CEROC ) would like to respond .
—Letter to the Editor—
According to election laws and the election conduct of the U.N . Transitional Authority of Cambodia ( UNTAC ) , Cambodians overseas were granted full rights to participate in elections during that time ( February 1992 to September 1993 ) . Key cities used as election registration offices and election booths were New York , Paris , Geneva and Canberra .
Cambodians overseas are entitled to easily access voting registration . Their political participation through elections must not be deprived . Cambodia 's Constitution guarantees their right to political participation ( articles 34 and 35 ) . Cambodians overseas must be safeguarded by the state ( Article 33 ) , and Cambodian people have full privileges and rights to settle abroad ( Article 40 ) .
According to research by the CEROC , there are more than 3 million Cambodians living overseas , including migrant workers , students , embassy staff and officials , soldiers stationed in Africa on behalf of the U.N. , and more than 1 million citizens who are living abroad permanently .
Each year , Cambodians overseas send remittances back to Cambodia totaling more than $ 500 million to help boost the economic growth inside the country .
Every Cambodian living overseas is an ambassador of Cambodia 's culture and brand . Many Cambodians living overseas have dedicated time to community service and charitable volunteerism to build cultural centers such as Buddhist temples and train their young children in Khmer languages , performance arts and cultural identity , to carry on the Cambodian brand . They also help inspire foreigners to visit and to invest in Cambodia .
Finally , each election must ensure it is free , fair and professional . Cambodian people regardless of where they are living and working must be able to register their names to vote and to cast their ballots without obstruction .
Sophoan Seng
CEROC president
Canada
© 2017 , The Cambodia Daily . All rights reserved . No part of this article may be reproduced in print , electronically , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed without written permission .
POINT PLEASANT — A local homeless shelter can house those in need within Mason , Jackson , and Roane counties .
The Mason County Homeless Shelter , located in Point Pleasant , has been in operation for 25 years . Director of the Homeless Shelter John Machir said individuals from Mason , Jackson , and Roane counties are referred to the shelter by West Virginia Department Health and Human Services ( WVDHHR ) . He added individuals out of those counties , must be approved by him . The shelter can house a maximum of 13 individuals with one family room available . Machir commented the shelter is an emergency transitional shelter permitting an individual to stay up to six months ; however , if an individual is showing effort to find work and a home , an exception will be made .
Machir said when individuals seek residence at the shelter , they are asked general screening questions . He stated individuals may have no sexual offences or other extreme criminal charges on their record . He shared he will practice diversion by asking individuals if this is the only option they have . If the individuals pass their screening and assure the shelter staff this is their last option , they are given a bed , a home .
Machir shared the residents of the shelter follow a schedule . On Monday through Friday the residents wake-up at 7:30 a.m. and then have their productive hours from 9 a.m. to – 2 p.m. consisting of job hunting , house hunting , and running important errands . The curfew varies such as on Sunday through Thursday residents must be home by 9 p.m. , on Friday and Saturday the time is extended to 11 p.m . Residents are fed three meals a day .
Machir said residents with children must maintain responsibility of their children and if they need parenting advice or to learn effective parenting skills he and Senior Team Leader Teresa Gleason can assist them . He commented the staff is also able to help the residents get enrolled for benefits and will provide them with mock interviews .
Machir said that if residents bring in alcohol , illegal substances , or are violent they are sanctioned from homeless shelters for 12 months . He commented that if a violation is minor the resident is sanctioned for 30 days ; however , if the violation occurs again , the resident is sanctioned for six months .
Machir shared the shelter has a noon meal open to anyone on Monday through Friday . The meal consists of soup and a sandwich . Gleason is the only staff member as of now with a food handler 's license , so she is the house cook . Machir said he wants people to know that they can come in and have a solid meal for the day if they need . However , if an individual comes off the street and is need of food outside of the noon meal , food will be provided to the individual .
“ We do n't let anyone go hungry , ” said Gleason .
Machir commented that individuals can also be provided with a food box if they receive referral and a slip from DHHR . Gleason added that in emergency cases if an individual could not receive a slip , but needed food , the staff will provide the individual with a food box .
Machir and Gleason said that people can donate items to the shelter at anytime as staff work around the clock . They shared the shelter currently needs : pop top soups , pop top fruits , pop top veggies , cleaning supplies , paper towels , toilet paper , paper plates , winter hats , winter coats , and gloves .
“ We appreciate support from the community , ” said Machir .
The shelter 's kitchen where all of the daily meals are prepared , such as soup for the noon meal , Monday-Friday . This meal is open to the public who need it . http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_0203.Soup_.jpg The shelter 's kitchen where all of the daily meals are prepared , such as soup for the noon meal , Monday-Friday . This meal is open to the public who need it .
By Erin Perkins eperkins @ aimmediamidwest.com
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing .
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing .
A suicide car bomber has attacked a restaurant in Somalia 's capital Mogadishu , killing at least 11 people , officials and witnesses say .
Gunfire was heard as security forces and police responded to the attack on the Pizza House restaurant popular with young and diaspora Somalis .
The attackers are holding a number of hostages in the building .
Militant Islamists from the al-Shabab group have claimed responsibility for the assault .
Witnesses say the whole district is currently sealed off by the security forces and police .
Security official Abukar Mohamed was quoted as saying by the AFP news agency that the operation to clear the building was continuing late on Wednesday .
Troops from the African Union forced al-Shabab out of Mogadishu in 2011 , but much of the country is still under control of the militants .
Al-Shabab , which is affiliated to al-Qaeda , has launched a series of deadly attacks on Mogadishu and other government-held regions in recent months .
Somalia has been wracked by conflict since the long-serving ruler Mohamed Siad Barre was ousted in 1991 . BBC News
Two MLS clubs have been recognized among the nominees and honorees in the third annual Sports Humanitarian of the Year Awards , presented by ESPN and sponsored by Bristol-Myers Squibb , ESPN announced Wednesday .
New York City FC is a finalist for Sports Humanitarian Team of the Year . Meanwhile Orlando City SC is one of the honorees for the Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award , and have received a $ 100,000 grant to continue their community efforts .
Orlando City FC is one of three honorees in that category , along with the WWE 's Stephanie McMahon and the Ross Initiative in Sports for Equality . ESPN is honoring the team for its efforts a year ago in the aftermath of the June 12 , 2016 shooting at a popular gay nightclub in Orlando that killed 49 people . Six days later , the Lions hosted the first professional sporting event in Central Florida following the shooting – a match against the San Jose Earthquakes – and the club made the entire game a tribute to those who were killed .
Families of the victims and first responders were recognized before the game , players wore # OrlandoUnited patches on their jerseys , black armbands on their sleeves , and rainbow wristbands . A section of seats at midfield was left empty , except for a single , colorful balloon , the match was stopped in the 49th minute to honor the victims with a moment of silence , and later , the victims of the tragedy were memorialized by 49 rainbow-colored seats in Section 12 of the stadium .
The club has continued to support the cause of the LGBTQ community in Central Florida , and has raised $ 500,000 for the OneOrlando Fund .
With their new $ 100,000 grant , Orlando have chosen to split the reward between the Better Together Fund , Contigo Fund , and OnePulse Foundation .
Meanwhile NYCFC is one of four finalists for the team award , joining the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball , San Francisco 49ers of the NFL , and Memphis Grizzlies of the NBA . NYCFC was chosen as a finalist because it supports City in the Community ( CITC ) charity , using the game of soccer to address issues around health , education and crime throughout New York City .
To address the statistic that one-third of children in New York City 's public schools are obese or overweight , CITC serves over 5,000 children each year with free programs that promote fitness and healthy eating habits . NYCFC has committed to increase the space for communities to play soccer by building three soccer fields , and making a commitment to build 50 mini-pitches – in collaboration with partners – over the next five years .
To address rising levels of crime and youth violence , and to improve community relations with local law enforcement , CITC has partnered with the Manhattan District Attorney 's office on Saturday Night Lights , a program that offers soccer during times when crime levels are the highest .
Together , NYCFC and CITC are impacting more than 4,000 youths each week across New York City 's five boroughs .
The winners of every award category will be announced at The Sports Humanitarian of the Year Awards on July 11 at L.A. LIVE 's the Novo . They will be hosted for the third time by Laila Ali , daughter of Muhammad Ali , and ESPN 's Mike Greenberg . Highlights of the show will be broadcast on ESPN on July 25 , in a one-hour program beginning at 7 p.m . ET .
The net proceeds of the event will benefit the Stuart Scott Memorial Cancer Research Fund and The V Foundation . In addition , ESPN will donate $ 1 million to the charities of the nominees and winners . Last year , $ 1.7 million was distributed to the community as a result of the Awards .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife , according to police records released Monday .
Samantha Bloom , who is disabled and uses a wheelchair , repeatedly called police about her son , James Alex Fields Jr. , in 2010 and 2011 , telling officers he was on medication to control his temper , transcripts from 911 calls show .
Fields , 20 , is accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer .
Fields , described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany , was charged with second-degree murder .
A judge denied him bail Monday after the public defender 's office said it could n't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest .
Fields was assigned a local attorney , and another hearing was set for Aug. 25 .
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after his mother reported in 2011 that he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife .
In another incident in 2010 , she said her son smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games . There was no indication in the records that he was arrested .
Also Monday , a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015 , a teenage Fields could n't stand the French and said he only went on the trip so that he could visit “ the Fatherland ” — Germany .
“ He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us , ” said Keegan McGrath .
McGrath , now 18 , said he challenged Fields on his beliefs , and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day . He said he went home after three or four days because he could n't handle being in a room with Fields .
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years .
“ He was just a normal dude ” most of the time , though he occasionally made “ dark ” jokes that put his class on edge , including one “ offhand joke ” about the Holocaust , McGrath said .
McGrath said Fields was no outcast : “ He had friends . He had people who would chat with him . ”
Meanwhile , under pressure to speak out more forcefully , President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members , neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “ criminals and thugs ” and declared that “ racism is evil . ”
Trump 's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name , and his blaming of the violence on “ many sides , ” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats .
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Hitler , and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union , Kentucky , for his “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race .
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication , according to the teacher , Derek Weimer .
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as “ a failure to meet training standards . ”
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash .
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America , one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee . The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields .
Associated Press writer Brian Witte in Annapolis , Maryland , contributed to this report .
VATICAN CITY ( AP ) — On Christianity 's most joyful day , Pope Francis lamented the horrors generated by war and hatred , delivering an Easter Sunday message that also decried the `` latest vile '' attack on civilians in Syria .
Both in his impromptu homily during Mass in St. Peter 's Square and later in his formal `` Urbi et Orbi '' Easter message delivered from the balcony of St. Peter 's Basilica , Francis reflected on a litany of suffering in the world , including wars , oppressive regimes , human trafficking , corruption , famine and domestic violence .
He encouraged people to hold fast in their `` fearful hearts '' to faith , acknowledging that many people wonder where God is amid so much evil and suffering in the world .
Some 60,000 people , including multi-national throngs of pilgrims and tourists , endured tight anti-terrorism security checks — and , later , a brief downpour — to hear Francis and receive his blessing .
The crowd size , cited by the Vatican security forces , was smaller in comparison to some other Easters , when about 100,000 turned out for the occasion .
After Mass , Francis toured the square in his open-topped , white popemobile and waved back to well-wishers .
In his balcony address , Francis prayed that God would sustain those working to comfort and help the civilian population in Syria , `` prey to a war that continues to sow horror and death . ''
He cited the explosion Saturday that ripped through a bus depot in the Aleppo area where evacuees were awaiting transfer , killing at least 100 people .
`` Yesterday saw the latest vile attack on fleeing refugees , '' the pope said , also praying for peace in the Holy Land , Iraq and Yemen .
Separately , in a letter he sent to the bishop of Assisi , the birthplace of St. Francis , whose name he chose for his papacy , the pope decried the `` scandalous reality of a world still marked by the divide between the endless number of indigent '' and the `` tiny portion of those who possess the majority of riches and presume to decide the fates of humanity . ''
Francis has repeatedly championed the dignity of migrants fleeing war , persecution or poverty . On Sunday he recalled `` all those forced to leave their homelands as a result of armed conflicts , terrorist attacks , famine and oppressive regimes . ''
The church 's first pontiff from Latin America voiced concern over the `` political and social tensions '' in the world as well as the `` scourge of corruption '' on his home continent . Francis also mentioned hostilities and famine plaguing parts of Africa .
Speaking of Europe 's problems , Francis cited the continued conflict and bloodshed in Ukraine and prayed for hope for those struggling with high unemployment , especially young people .
Traditionally , the pope gives no homily during the late-morning Easter Mass , saving his reflections for the `` Urbi et Orbi '' message at noon .
But Francis broke with that tradition , giving an off-the-cuff homily during Mass about what he described as a nagging question for many faithfuls : Why are there so many tragedies and wars if Jesus has risen from the dead , a belief that Christians celebrate each Easter ?
`` The Church never ceases to say , faced with our defeats , our closed and fearful hearts , 'stop , the Lord is risen . ' But if the Lord is risen , how come these things happen ? '' Francis asked .
He gestured toward the potted hyacinths , tulips and daffodils , which came from the Netherlands , and which were arranged in neat rows on the steps leading to the church .
Easter `` is n't a party with lots of flowers . This is pretty , but it 's not this , it 's more than this , '' Francis said .
He said having faith on Easter gives sense in the middle of `` so many calamities : the sense of looking beyond , the sense of saying , look , there is n't a wall , there 's a horizon , there 's life , there 's joy . ''
___
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/fdemilio
23:14 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 60 killed in Brazil prison riot , 300 inmates may have escaped Read more
About 60 people were killed during a prison riot in Brazil in which rival drug gangs began killing each other . ► ◄ Last Briefs
AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez
DALLAS ( AP ) — Support from labor unions was critical when Doug Parker 's US Airways forced a merger with American , but now the CEO of the world 's biggest airline is under fire from unions unhappy about pay that lags rates at rival Delta . Leaders of the pilots ' union say they have lost confidence in the ability of Parker and senior executives to lead the airline . Flight attendants picketed Tuesday at company headquarters and three big airports . The unions are complaining about lower pay and profit sharing than counterparts at Delta Air Lines . Delta said it will pay about $ 1.1 billion to employees as their share of the company 's 2016 profit . American set aside $ 314 million . American says it has increased wages and benefits by $ 3.5 billion since its 2013 merger with US Airways . Airlines have become hugely profitable in recent years after a string of mergers . Parker has pledged that American will provide industry-leading pay when contracts come up for renegotiation , but that is n't until 2020 for American 's pilots . They wanted upgrades after Delta and United pilots got raises last year . The Allied Pilots Association board unanimously approved a resolution on Monday saying it had lost confidence in Parker . Union President Dan Carey said American has made questionable decisions that have kept the airline behind Delta in customer satisfaction , operations and revenue . Company spokesman Matt Miller said American shares the union 's goal of making the airline a great place to work and is pleased with its progress , so “ further public dialogue serves no purpose. ” Separately , American flight attendants were picketing Tuesday at the company 's headquarters in Fort Worth , Texas , and at airports in Los Angeles , Miami and Charlotte , North Carolina – all busy hubs for American flights . Union President Bob Ross said that despite record profits , American flight attendants are paid less than at other airlines and are unhappy about frequent computer meltdowns , bad schedules and new uniforms that some employees say cause allergic reactions . Miller said flight attendants have received average pay increases of 27 percent since the merger . The company said in November that pilot pay had climbed an average of 53 percent in that time . The vote by the pilots ' union board and the picketing by members of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants have no legal effect but symbolize worsening relations between the unions and senior management . In 2013 , Parker successfully courted the unions in his bid to force then-bankrupt American , which had a history of stormy relations with labor including strikes in the 1990s , to merge with his smaller airline . Parker 's team replaced the executives who were running American . Shares of American Airlines Group Inc. fell 84 cents , or 1.8 percent , to close Tuesday at $ 46.57 . — David Koenig can be reached at http : //twitter.com/airlinewriter
Comments
comments
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — One person is in custody after an improvised pipe bomb exploded during the morning rush Monday near the Port Authority Bus Terminal .
The device was apparently being carried by a suspect when it exploded prematurely . That suspect was injured and is in custody .
The suspect has only been identified as a man in his 20s , possibly from Brooklyn , CBS2 's Reena Roy reported . Sources close to the investigation said the suspect had a second device on him , CBS2 reported .
Heavily armed NYPD units could be seen patrolling the streets outside the terminal on 42nd Street at 8th Avenue .
Bomb-sniffing K-9 units and counterterrorism officers were also brought in to survey the scene . The normally busy area was empty after police evacuated the scene .
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave , # Manhattan . The A , C and E line are being evacuated at this time . Info is preliminary , more when available . pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS ( @ NYPDnews ) December 11 , 2017
Mayor Bill de Blasio 's office said on Twitter that the mayor has briefed on the incident .
The Mayor has been briefed on the incident in Midtown . The NYPD , FDNY and first responders are on the scene . — NYC Mayor 's Office ( @ NYCMayorsOffice ) December 11 , 2017
No other serious injuries have been reported .
As a result of the incident , 1 , 2 , 3 , A , C , E , N , Q , R , W and 7 trains are bypassing 42 Street .
Police Activity : expect traffic/transit delays and emergency personnel near W 42nd St btwn 8th & 9th Ave . Consider alt routes . — NYCEM – Notify NYC ( @ NotifyNYC ) December 11 , 2017
1 , 2 , 3 , A , C , E , N , Q , R , W and 7 trains are bypassing 42 St. See https : //t.co/vhZQ2kZ2vb for full details . — NYCT Subway ( @ NYCTSubway ) December 11 , 2017
Sunderland Aquatic Centre was among 130 buildings affected by a power cut this morning .
Bosses of the complex said would be `` closed until further notice '' because of the lack of power , but has announced its lights are back on in the pool hall with lanes and open water now open to swimmers .
Power has also been restored in the gym , studios and reception , which are now open .
However , its phones are still off , with updates being issued through its Facebook page .
Traffic lights on Wessington Way have also been affected by the problem .
Northern Powergrid says it is aware of the issues and hopes electricity will be restored to the Southwick area by 8.45am , with 10 properties back on the system since it confirmed the issue were being investigated .
It told customers : `` We have restored power to some of the customers affected and continue to work to restore supply to the remaining customers
`` The power cut affecting your property has been caused by an unexpected problem with the electricity cable that serves your area . ''
The problem was reported at 7am today .
For further information visit Northern Powergrid 's website www.northernpowergrid.com .
People in Newcastle are being asked if they support plans to hand over their public parks to a new charitable trust to run .
Newcastle City Council 's proposals , which come in the face of cuts to its park budget of more than 90 % over seven years , are a first for a local authority , but could be adopted by cash-strapped councils elsewhere .
A consultation that runs until April 21 is seeking views of residents on transferring 33 green spaces and possibly 50 hectares of allotments to a charitable trust .
The parks , which are not a service local authorities are legally obliged to provide , would remain owned by the council and free to access .
But a trust with the sole purpose of running the parks could open up new sources of funding , ensure they are looked after and provide new volunteer opportunities , while maintaining paid staff levels , the council believes .
It has been advised by the National Trust on the plans and awarded a £237,500 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to develop them , with a requirement to share the findings with other local authorities that might want to take the same route .
A recent report by MPs warned the squeeze on council budgets across England means parks face a return to the neglect of the 1980s and 1990s without innovative management and funding measures .
Newcastle 's cabinet member for culture and communities Kim McGuinness said : `` Our parks budget has suffered greatly at the hands of central government , but despite this , we 're committed to maintaining and sustaining the beautiful parks and green spaces the city is known for . ''
Pressure on overall budgets meant parks were an area that would `` really suffer '' , she said , potentially having to close their gates , which the council was not prepared to let happen .
The public consultation , which has involved social media , online surveys , community events and workshops , was important because `` it 's a huge change , it 's groundbreaking , it 's innovative and that can be nerve-wracking '' .
`` It 's a case of making sure that the public are happy and comfortable with the plans and that they feel their views are heard . ''
Early statistics from the online survey suggest people think the main priorities for parks are to generate income to keep them maintained and to increase available facilities , each getting 28 % of votes .
The main concern for their future is they will fall into a state of disrepair and become unsafe , with 44 % most worried about this .
Consultation feedback also shows people are concerned about whether a trust can raise enough money to look after parks and whether the funding will be `` ethical '' and not involve creeping privatisation .
Ms McGuinness said all views would feed back into the plans .
She said : `` The primary aim is the parks are protected , they are well managed and they are free to access . These are really non-negotiable . ''
Keith Pimm , a member of the Elders Council of Newcastle , said if it is to be successful , the trust must be accountable to people and give them a say in the future of the parks .
`` This can be seen as a real change of situation , almost a new kind of cultural situation ; where the local communities will really be much more in charge of the parks , '' he said .
Sarah Sanders is known for her ability to face tough questions from the White House press corps , but when a student journalist questioned her at today 's briefing about gun safety , she became visibly emotional .
Interested in Gun Control ? Add Gun Control as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Gun Control news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
`` We recently had a lockdown drill , '' the boy said from the back of the briefing room . `` One thing that affects my and other students ' mental health is the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school .
`` Specifically can you tell me what the administration has done and will do about these senseless tragedies ? '' he asked .
ABC News
Sanders , who has three young children , started to reply , but choked up during her response .
`` I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent , there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe so I 'm sorry that you feel that way , '' Sanders said .
`` This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week again -- an official meeting -- to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off , '' she said .
ABC News
The young visitor was Benje Choucroun , a 13 year old who was at the White House on behalf of Time For Kids , the publication tweeted .
The briefing comes in the wake of a string of school shootings , including in Santa Fe , Texas and Parkland , Florida .
ABC News ' Jordyn Phelps contributed to this report .
Rain and Storms ( Some Severe ) Monday
by Ben Lang
Expect steady rainfall with embedded storms to continue tonight . Rain totals will continue to climb , and flash flooding could be an issue , especially in low lying areas , and the southeastern portions of the river region , where the highest rain totals are so far . Temps will be mild tonight , remaining in the low to mid 60s . The forecast gets a little more tricky on Monday .
There will likely be at least some rain during the AM hours Monday . However , by the PM hours there could be stronger thunderstorms across the area . Its uncertain as to whether there will be severe storms or not , because more rain in the morning means less instability for the storms to work with . The stronger storms , if they do form , will impact the river region starting through about noon , and possibly lingering into the late evening hours . These storms will form ahead of a cold front to our west , and then push through the river region from southwest to northeast . We will continue to monitor the weather setup for tomorrow as we get new data .
The storms and rain will exit the River Region by the early afternoon on Tuesday . A drier but cooler weather pattern is expected to end the week . In fact , we could a significant shot of cold air could move into the River Region sometime during the day on Thursday . At this time , it looks like the cold air will linger for a while . Afternoon highs from Friday through next Monday may only be in the 40s to around 50 . Overnight lows in the 20s may return by this Thursday night .
Transcript for President Trump calls the newly released memo 'vindication '
President Trump claiming total vindication . The president traveling with the first lady to Mar-a-Lago capping a whirlwind Friday . In which he declassified that controversial GOP memo . Despite a wide range of reaction even within his own party , trump wasted no time declaring victory . Tweeting his takeaway , no collusion , no obstruction . But special counsel Mueller is not finished yet . Several in trump 's inner circle remain under scrutiny . Also outstanding questions about the substance of the memo and potential damage done to the intelligence community . ABC 's David Wright . Reporter : Today in Florida , President Trump celebrated his quote/unquote , vindication . Tweeting , `` This memo totally vindicates 'trump ' in probe . But the Russian witch hunt goes on and on . This is an American disgrace ! '' A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that . Reporter : The author of the newly released memo claims the document is proof that the Russia investigation is a partisan witch hunt . They got a warrant on someone in the Trump campaign using opposition research paid for by the democratic party and the Hillary Clinton campaign . That 's what this is about . And it 's wrong . And it should never be done . Repter : But some members of the president 's own party see it differently . This is a completely separate matter from Bob Mueller 's investigation , and his investigation should be allowed to take its course . Let 's release the memo . Oh , do n't worry . 100 % . Reporter : At the State of the Union this week , trump was already intent on releasing the memo . And there was this line in the speech . So , tonight , I call on congress to empower every cabinet secretary with the authority to reward good workers and to remove federal employees who undermine the public trust or fail the American people . Reporter : Asking for carte Blanche to remove federal employees who `` Undermine the public trust or fail the American people . '' Fast forward to Friday , and trump 's cryptic answer to questions about deputy attorney general rod Rosenstein , who , according to the GOP memo , mishandled that early warrant for a wiretap in the Russia investigation . Does it make you more likely to fire Rosenstein ? Do you still have confidence in him after reading the memo ? You figure that one out . Reporter : It was Rosenstein who appointed special counsel Bob Mueller and he is the only public official empowered to fire Mueller . And David is in Florida with the president . David , ABC news has obtained the Democrats ' response to the nunes ' memo and it says the president should not remove Rosenstein . That 's right , Tom . This is it . A six-page memo written by congressman Jerry Nadler , the ranking member of the judiciary committee , circulating today to house Democrats . We should make clear that 's not the classified democratic memo but the most detailed response yet to the nunes ' memo . What this document says there 's no credible basis to remove rod Rosenstein . It also accuses the Republicans of being part and parcel of the president 's effort to obstruct justice . David Wright for us tonight . David , thank you . George Stephanopoulos will have much more on the memo released tomorrow on `` This week . '' With representatives Adam Schiff . Next , a new arrest tied to
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Greg Palast exposes the GOP 's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary ! Donate to order this gift now !
Heading into Week 7 , Sporting Kansas City had given up a league-low two goals in five games in 2017 .
On Saturday , they continued their defensive dominance , registering their fourth shutout of the year in an impressive 1-0 win at the Supporters ' Shield-leading Portland Timbers . SKC earned some recognition for the performance with a league-best three MLS Team of the Week selections .
Goalkeeper Tim Melia , defender Ike Opara and midfielder Ilie Sanchez led the way for SKC , with Opara earning his second consecutive selection . Three other clubs put a pair of players on the Team of the Week , with Will Johnson and Jonathan Spector getting the nod for Orlando , Justin Meram and Nicolai Naess representing Columbus and Luis Solignac and Nemanja Nikolic putting Chicago on the board .
Vancouver and New York City FC had one representative each after both winning on Friday night .
Note : Team of the Week is voted on by the MLSsoccer.com editorial staff .
Bench : Joe Bendik , ORL ; Tim Parker , VAN ; Dax McCarty , CHI ; Bastian Schweinsteiger , CHI ; Alex Muyl , NY ; Kevin Molino , MIN ; David Villa , NYC
Head coach : Mike Petke , RSL
LONDON -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 23 , 2018 -- , a global procurement intelligence advisory firm , has announced the release of their ‘ . ' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets , factors influencing purchasing decisions , procurement best practices , pricing models , supplier landscape , and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of industrial cleaners and degreasers and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005112/en/
Industrial Cleaners and Degreasers Procurement Report ( Graphic : Business Wire )
“ The growth of industrialization among developing regions such as APAC , MEA , and South America , will influence the growth of the market , ” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Anil Seth . “ Also , the growing awareness about health and hygiene will also drive the growth of industrial cleaners and degreasers market , ” added Anil .
Looking for more insights from this report ?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend .
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global Industrial Cleaners and Degreasers Market :
Increasing use of multipurpose cleaning products Fragmented market leading to higher supplier spend on product promotions M & A among suppliers
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only :
Increasing use of multipurpose cleaning products
In the industrial cleaners and degreasers category , multipurpose cleaning products offer a single solution to multiple cleaning requirements . The extensive use of multipurpose cleaning solutions will help buyers to reduce the procurement cost and complexity .
Fragmented market leading to higher supplier spend on product promotions
The market for cleaning products is highly fragmented with the presence of numerous global and regional players . The growing promotional activities by the suppliers will help create better product awareness among the buyers .
M & A among suppliers
Globally , the suppliers are engaging in M & A activities to gain market share and portfolio growth . Such suppliers will help the buyers procure a wide array of cleaning products from a single supplier .
to gain detailed insights into the current market trends .
Get unlimited access to all our reports . Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports , the latest supplier news , innovation landscape , markets insights , supplier tracking , and much more at the click of a button .
We also reports meeting clients ' requirements .
Related Reports :
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence . We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries . Our strength lies in delivering robust , real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions . These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities , improve execution efficiency , and fast-track time to savings .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005112/en/
CONTACT : SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US : +1 630 984 7340
hello @ spendedge.com
KEYWORD :
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : OTHER CONSUMER MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS CONSUMER
SOURCE : SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/23/2018 02:34 AM/DISC : 04/23/2018 02:34 AM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005112/en
Like many Texans of her generation , choreographer Sue Schroeder learned nothing in school about the U.S. internment of Japanese Americans during World War II . From 1942 to 1946 , more than 100,000 innocent people of Japanese ancestry , most living on the West Coast , were incarcerated , often in far-flung places like Arkansas and Texas . But when she was a student at Houston 's High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in the 1970s , Schroeder reports , the topic never came up .
For that reason , Schroeder was eager to tackle the subject for her CORE Performance Company , which has been part of the Houston dance community since 1980 . “ Initially it was trying to give voice to a historical event that so many people do not know about , ” Schroeder says . “ I felt a real charge of responsibility to do that . ”
Schroeder 's choice would turn out to be timely , but she did n't know that a year ago , when she began choreographing “ Life Interrupted , ” CORE 's latest show , on stage in Houston at the Asia Society February 17 and 18 . Struggling to make the story of Japanese-American internment relevant to modern-day audiences , Schroeder hired a dramaturg to help develop the story and began working with collaborators , including Richard Yada , who survived the camps , and artist Nancy Chikaraishi , whose parents had been incarcerated .
“ My dad calls it the defining moment in his life , ” says Chikaraishi , whose parents met in the Rohwer War Relocation Center in Arkansas . “ People lost everything they had . My parents ' families did not go back to California after the war . They started over with $ 50 and a bus ticket . ”
Chikaraishi , a professor of architecture at Drury University , contributed mixed-media illustrations to the “ Life Interrupted ” performance . These images are projected onto a screen at the back of the stage , and often also onto foreground props or onto the bodies of the performers as they leap , cower and face off against each other in the physical language of contemporary dance .
Nancy Chikaraishi
One moment of the performance uses Chikaraishi 's artwork to great effect : An audio recording plays of children reciting the Pledge of Allegiance in unison , as was a required morning ritual in the camps . Meanwhile , an illustration of a young girl with her hand over her heart in front of an American flag is projected onto three rucksacks representing the few belongings that detained families carried into the camps on their backs . Alongside , a female dancer twists and gyrates in a push-pull display of defiance and obedience , objection and grievance .
To bridge the historical distance , Schroeder focused on the timeless theme of the “ other ” as a social category . “ That has been the constant through this work : Who is the other , what are our fears about that , and what does it feel like to be the other ? ” Schroeder says . “ We have woven text into the score , but the dancers do n't speak onstage . As an art form , it 's still very body-based , image-based and present . … The arts can create empathy , and I think that 's what we need to understand the other . ”
As she began working with her dancers last year , Schroeder watched the global refugee crisis grow . She saw parallels between modern refugees , forced to flee for reasons of safety and human rights , and the Japanese-American internment . “ The piece started to have a present-day context , ” she says .
Then , on the last day of a developmental residency in Arkansas , Schroeder and her dancer-collaborators watched history happen . “ We were at the Little Rock airport , and the Paris attacks were happening , and [ news commentators ] were talking about locking up Muslims , ” Schroeder recalls . “ We just looked at each other . … It became a much larger commitment . ”
“ Now we 're in this time when [ Trump ] is trying to use Japanese internment as precedent to do the same thing again , ” Schroeder says . She 's referring to comments made in November by Carl Higbie , a former spokesperson for the pro-Trump Great America PAC , suggesting that Trump 's legal team may plan to invoke Korematsu v. United States , a Supreme Court case that upheld President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's February 19 , 1942 executive order authorizing the camps , as precedent for a Muslim registry .
“ We 're repeating history , ” Schroeder says . “ So now the piece is taking another turn . ”
Schroeder is realistic about the potential of the arts to forestall a national disaster . But she says , “ I think , at a minimum , we 're giving voice and a forum for conversations to happen . ”
The entry-level Mercedes will be the launching point for three new features . The voice-centric infotainment system , MBUX we demoed at CES , an extended blind-spot assist that 's on for three minutes after a car has been parked to watch for approaching cyclists and the new casual , private car-sharing feature via the Mercedes Me app . It 's that last one that 's important as automakers figure out how cars will be used and shared in the future .
Mercedes CEO Dr. Dieter Zetsche noted onstage in Amsterdam at the vehicle 's unveiling that the car-sharing feature is for close friends and family . With it , the key can be left in the car for those folks to borrow your vehicle for a set amount of time without actually having to meet up with the owner . Helpful for when you 're at work and your cousin needs to run a few errands with your ride .
Sharing cars is n't new . But having an automaker build a system that streamlines it and makes it part of the vehicle is the first step towards a world where individuals share their cars with people beyond their friends and family for cash . Cars spend most of their time parked and if you can make some extra money from your ride while it 's sitting idle , that 's a bonus .
Zetsche also noted during the event that S-Class level driver assistance and safety features will be available on the new A-Class .
The A-Class is expected to land in Europe in May . No word on if it 'll make it to the United States .
Open auditions for `` The Wiz '' set for June 24 and June 26
Acting on a commitment to reach new audiences in the 2017-2018 season , the Chattanooga Theatre Centre is seeking diverse talent at upcoming auditions for the community theater 's season-opening production of the multicultural Broadway musical THE WIZ . Auditions will be held Saturday , June 24 , from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. at the Theatre Centre , with an open community audition on Monday , June 26 , from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. at the South Chattanooga Community Center .
`` The Theatre Centre should be a reflection of the richly diverse community we live in , and that only happens when we commit to diversity in the plays we stage , diversity in the talent on the stage , and diversity in our audiences , '' says Theatre Centre Executive Director Todd Olson .
`` We have an opportunity with THE WIZ to welcome newcomers to the Theatre Centre who may never have appeared on our stage or sat in our audience . The Theatre Centre is a community theatre , and we want to open our doors to residents from all corners of the community so that the enriching theatrical experiences we produce have a wide reach . ''
THE WIZ , a musical sensation that won seven Tony Awards when it premiered on Broadway , opens Friday , September 15 , at the Theatre Centre and continues through Sunday , October 1 .
The popular musical follows Dorothy on her journey to the Land of Oz , where she walks on a road paved in rock , gospel and soul . Roles are available for all ethnicities , although most leading roles call for African-American , mixed race , or ethnically ambiguous performers .
Those attending auditions , which are open to ages 10 and up , should be prepared to read from the script , perform light dance movements , and sing at least eight to 16 bars of a prepared piece , either a cappella or accompanied by a CD . Callback auditions will be July 10 and July 13 at the Theatre Centre at a time to be announced .
Rehearsals begin Sunday , July 16 , under the guest direction of Shane R. Morrow , co-founder of Jazzanooga , a cultural institution dedicated to revitalizing and sustaining the local and regional art and music communities .
The breakdown of characters in THE WIZ , with requirements for each role :
DOROTHY ( Lead ) Female , 16-25
Must look/play 13-18 ; range : mezzo soprano , G3-B5 ; bright-eyed , energetic , curious , adventurous .
Ethnicity : African American , Ethnically Ambiguous / Mixed Race
AUNTIE EM ( Supporting ) Female , 35-55
range : mezzo soprano , G3-C5 ; Dorothy 's aunt ; life has not been easy for her and promises little else ; harsh towards Dorothy at times , but acts out of love .
Ethnicity : African American , Ethnically Ambiguous / Mixed Race
SCARECROW ( over 18 )
age flexible ; range : tenor , D3-A4 ; tired of being a scarecrow and the prospect of not going anywhere ; embarks on the journey to see The Wiz in hopes he can provide a brain .
Ethnicity : African American , Ethnically Ambiguous / Mixed Race
TIN MAN ( 25-40 ) male
age flexible ; range : baritone , E3-A4 ; lost all his limbs to a cursed ax ; joins in the journey in hopes the Wiz will provide him a heart because “ it is n't enough to be good-looking . ”
Ethnicity : African American , Ethnically Ambiguous / Mixed Race
LION ( 25-40 ) male
age flexible ; range : baritone , G2-Bb4 ; travels around the jungle scaring people , but has “ a yellow streak a mile wide '' ; joins in the journey to see the Wiz to gain some courage .
Ethnicity : African American , Ethnically Ambiguous / Mixed Race
UNCLE HENRY ( 35-55 ) Male
range : non-singing ; Dorothy 's uncle ; physically run-down from years of hard work on the farm ; often acts as the voice of reason towards Auntie Em .
Ethnicity : African American , Ethnically Ambiguous / Mixed Race
Now Playing : Dallas-Fort Worth home explosion caught on camera
Now Playing : Woman thanks Home Depot employee who paid for son 's wheelchair costume supplies
Now Playing : 2 police officers shot and critically wounded : Authorities
Now Playing : Former President George H.W . Bush 'appears to be recovering ' : Spokesman
Now Playing : Manhunt underway for person of interest in shooting of 2 police officers , civilian
Now Playing : Music man behind 'School House Rock ' dies at the age of 94
Now Playing : Husband of woman killed on Southwest flight shares how he got the news
Now Playing : Pilot forced to eject from F-16 fighter jet after crash
Now Playing : Firefighter rappels from roof to save workers after scaffold collapse
Now Playing : Husband of Southwest victim remembers the moment he learned his wife was dead
Now Playing : Witnesses describe moment police shot and killed a man in a Walmart parking lot
Now Playing : Dozens of endangered right whales seen feeding off Mass . coast
Now Playing : Bill Cosby 's lawyer tells jury verdict should not hinge on # MeToo movement
Now Playing : Melania Trump 's hat steals the show during first official state visit
Now Playing : Dead man 's finger used in effort to unlock phone by police
Now Playing : Flight records contradict Trump claims on Moscow visit : Report
Now Playing : Nashville mayor calls for gun reform in wake of Waffle House shooting
Now Playing : Heroes in Waffle House shooting honored by lawmakers
Now Playing : Colorado lawmakers propose jail for teachers on strike
District 6-5A baseball action continues today when the Aledo Bearcats travel to Boswell to face the Pioneers .
The first pitch is set for 7:30 p.m. at Boswell High School .
It will be the final season series for both teams . The series and district play will conclude Friday in Aledo .
District 6-5A
Eaton 12-0 * *
Azle 9-3 *
Aledo 8-4 *
Boswell 5-7
Northwest 4-8
Ch . Trail 4-8
Brewer 3-9
Saginaw 3-9
* * – clinched district championship
* – clinched playoff spot
Today : Aledo at Boswell ; Chisholm Trail at Saginaw ; Eaton at Brewer ; Azle at Northwest .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Twin Shadow , `` Caer '' ( Warner Bros./Reprise )
For someone who was likely only in the first or second grade when the 1980s ended , George Lewis Jr. seems to have been powerfully affected by that decade 's sonic landscape .
Lewis , whose stage name is Twin Shadow , has embraced drum machines , synths and the wild earnestness of '80s pop . It got away from him on his 2015 album `` Eclipse , '' an over-the-top , slow burning collection of pure bombast .
Twin Shadow has toned it down on his new fourth album , `` Caer , '' but it 's never far , lurking . The album , titled after the Spanish word for `` to fall , '' is always one flourish away from falling into disaster . It 's a mixed bag but one that clearly shows growth and a way out of the shadows .
`` Brace , '' featuring Rainsford , with its throwback spacy keyboard , is easily the album 's outstanding track , a perfect collision of the songwriter 's influences . It 's rooted in the '80s but still sounds fresh , adding a guitar solo and name-checking Tom Petty .
`` Saturdays , '' with the ladies from Haim stopping by to add their positively sunny sound , feels like it could play during the end credits of a John Hughes movie . It 's a winner . But the flatulent `` 18 Years '' ultimately fails , sounding like a cut that did n't make the `` Say Anything '' soundtrack .
The tender `` Little Woman '' gets overwhelmed by production elements , a frequent issue that pops up on `` Caer . '' Many songs try too hard to be weighty and sound like they 've been arranged for an Andrew Lloyd Webber musical .
The album 's cover image is unintentionally apt . It shows someone covering their face with their hands , as if acknowledging they 've wasted a chance . `` I 'm too mixed up , '' Twin Shadow warns us on the album , and you believe him .
Even the spare and pretty interlude `` Twins Theme '' is marred by clumsy rain sounds . And why halfway through `` Obvious People '' does the song warp and the vocals sped up , resembling Chipmunks ?
Twin Shadow is listed as the producer or co-producer — as well as a mixer — on every song on the album . It might be time for him to relinquish some control or he 's going to keep free falling like Tom Petty .
______
Mark Kennedy is at http : //twitter.com/KennedyTwits
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) — Police in Ohio 's capital city say two officers who fatally shot a black man last summer followed department policy on using force .
Columbus police on Wednesday announced the review board 's findings about the conduct of officers Samuel James and Marc Johnson in the shooting of 30-year-old Kareem Ali Nadir Jones last July .
Police say they spotted Jones walking between cars and behaving erratically , then fired when his behavior escalated into a perceived threat . Police say body camera video shows Jones reaching for a gun in his waistband .
His sister has said she thinks Jones was trying to toss the gun .
The officers were n't charged but face a lawsuit alleging the shooting was unjustified and they conspired to provide misleading information about what happened .
The local police union has denied those allegations .
Teaching is demanding enough , but special education teachers must cope with even more challenges . Professional learning is rarely aligned to special education teachers ' needs . Special education teachers face more parental interaction , longer hours , potential lawsuits , additional paperwork , while their students need more attention . The slogan “ work more , same pay ” is not exactly a great selling point in teacher recruitment .
The federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act , or IDEA , requires every student have what 's known as an individualized education program . The IEP involves hours and hours of filling out forms and writing reports documenting each student 's progress . Recently , the Tennessee Board of Education , in the name of greater transparency , has proposed a rule that may actually create more problems for special education teachers .
The proposed rule says the LEA must notify the parents of a child with a disability at least 10 days before an IEP meeting to ensure that a parent will have an opportunity to attend . A meeting conducted pursuant to state law may be conducted on at least 24 hours ' notice to the parents . If the LEA prepares a draft IEP prior to the IEP meeting , a copy shall be provided to the parents of the child at least 24 hours prior to the scheduled meeting time . The copy of the draft IEP shall become the property of the parents . If the LEA prepares a draft IEP prior to the IEP team meeting , the LEA shall make it clear to the parents at the outset of the meeting that the services proposed by the LEA are preliminary recommendations for review and discussion with the parents . It is not permissible for the LEA to have the final IEP completed before an IEP team meeting begins .
Many , but not all , districts provide parents with a draft prior to the IEP meeting , if requested and with a reasonable timeline . However , it would not be appropriate or reasonable to mandate that districts provide a draft prior to all IEP meetings .
A few of the concerns , suggestions and questions put forth by our members showed the proposed rule :
• may discourage LEAs from creating drafts , which would lead to longer , less structured IEP meetings and may increase the likelihood of procedural errors .
• may result in LEAs having to hold separate IEP meetings , which could delay initial services up to 30 days after initial eligibility , in order to give time to have a draft ready .
• currently , there are no means of documenting LEA 's compliance as drafts are removed from EasyIEP system after 30 days or when final IEP is created
• places an undue paperwork burden on already paperwork-heavy sped teachers .
• may send information that is confusing to parents without having immediate access to professionals who can help interpret or give meaning to info in IEP .
• may result in fewer parents attending IEP meetings as perception would be that IEP is already completed and their attendance is not necessary .
• may lead to meetings starting with an adversarial tone .
• not all IEP team members are staffed at the same school , making it impossible for them to convene with the other IEP team members to collaborate on the draft 24 hours prior to the meeting .
Looking at the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and new regulations , an LEA should provide the parents with a copy of its draft proposals , if the LEA has developed them , prior to the IEP team meeting . Parents deserve an opportunity to review any recommendations prior to the IEP team meeting to be better able to engage in a full discussion of the proposals for their child . It is already not permissible for an LEA to have a final IEP completed before an IEP meeting . Parents should be able to request a copy of any draft documents prior to an IEP team meeting . However , it is critical to be reminded that not all IEP team members are staffed at the same school , and it may be impossible for them to convene with the other IEP team members to collaborate on the draft 24 hours prior to the meeting . This creates twice the work for teachers .
Which brings us back full circle . We subscribe to the philosophy of “ all means all ” in public education , which means we educate each and every one of our students to the highest level possible . If we continue to overwhelm special education teachers when we already have a special education teacher shortage by adding to their workload , recruitment and retention challenges will only escalate .
Then , students with disabilities will never attain their full academic potential especially if teachers with no special education background are placed in their classroom . The proposed IEP policy , as currently being suggested needs work . This may well be a legislative item in 2019 .
J.C . Bowman is a executive director of Professional Educators of Tennessee , a non-partisan teacher association headquartered in Nashville .
It 'll work in much the same way as it does on web and mobile -- search and play your favorite albums , create the perfect gaming playlist and so on -- but with a couple of new features . The Xbox One version has a refreshed look , making it easier to navigate your music collection , and includes background audio support and an autoplay function that means you 'll never be left sitting in silence when your gaming gets too intense to pause and find something else to listen to .
Xbox One fans do n't have a huge amount of choice when it comes to on-demand background-streaming music services . Since Groove -- which was first on the scene -- is no more , Pandora 's main rival Spotify has taken the top spot . Whether Pandora will overtake Spotify as the gamer 's streaming service of choice is yet to be seen , but its arrival on Xbox One certainly increases competition between the two .
By Bethany Adams
For The Tribune
TRUSSVILLE — John B. Shadrick 's artistic journey has been , in many ways , a literal one .
It began when he was working for the Defense Department– a job that required a lot of travelling . “ I was a field supervisor , so I had all kinds of time on my hands , and I started drawing , ” he said .
From pencil sketches , Shadrick took the next step to painting . Eventually , he began entering local art shows , including the Energen Wonders of Alabama Art Show and Birmingham Artwalk .
But something changed when a friend invited him to start taking photographs . Starting with a point-and-shoot his son convinced him to buy , Shadrick discovered the next leg of his journey .
“ Gradually , I just got away from painting and drawing , and I do photography , ” he said . “ And that just kind of blossomed over the years . ”
Shadrick is now a Trussville-based , award-winning photographer . He is a member of groups like the Auburn Arts Association and the Blue Ridge Arts Council , and his photography has appeared everywhere from the pages of the Birmingham News to the walls of Parish Seafood and Oyster house .
For five years , Shadrick 's experience also included photographing the Birmingham Barons , a job which began when he accompanied his son , the play-by-play announcer for the Jacksonville Suns , to games . After he was asked to take shots of new team members , his work caught the eye of the team 's new media director . “ It was a good ride , ” he said of the job .
Now , instead of going to ballgames , he explained that he has continued to travel , looking for inspiration in places like Mobile , New Orleans and Miami . “ I travel a great deal , and usually it 's within the state or the Southeast , ” he said . “ But I go take pictures ; that 's what I do . ”
His artistic method is simple : he drives the back roads with his camera in the seat next to him and waits for something to catch his eye . “ Wherever I go , the camera 's in the car with me , ” he said .
Shadrick 's subjects range from wildlife to landscapes to abandoned buildings , and many of his photos feature structures and places that have since changed or disappeared completely . In that way , he said , his photography “ becomes a historical record ” .
While he has shown in places like Gadsden and Auburn , Shadrick 's photography keeps him involved in the local community , as well . He often shoots events like the Christmas Parade and City Fest for the Trussville Chamber of Commerce . In addition , he was involved in TASTE , Trussville 's annual art show and tasting event , and is now a member of the Trussville Photography Club , where he is making plans to give his second presentation .
“ If I 'm working in Trussville , I want to make Trussville look as good as I possibly can get it , ” he said , explaining that he moved to the city in 1989 . And while he has watched it grow from two-lane highways to bustling thoroughfares , he said that it still has a “ small-town happiness ” that he strives to capture in his photos . “ I want to convey the city in the best light possible , ” he added .
For the next step in his journey , Shadrick hopes that he will be able to explore new territory . Currently , he is working on plans for a trip that will take him to places like Texas , Arizona and California . “ Particularly San Francisco , ” he added , “ because that 's just one of those places that you want to go . ”
He also hopes to get his work into more galleries , including spaces in Jacksonville . “ I 'm looking in Birmingham , but Birmingham does not have a gallery that does photography , ” he explained . “ I am trying to talk the [ Trussville ] photography club into doing a show . The problem we have out here is finding a venue where you can hang [ the work ] that you 'll have people coming through . ”
In the meantime , he is showing at the Cathedral Square Gallery in Mobile , Alabama , and his work will soon be appearing in a show by the Tuscaloosa Arts Council . Regardless of whatever his future holds , the next step in Shadrick 's journey is always clear . “ I 'm just looking for the next good image , ” he said .
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Monday 's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday 's Games
Minnesota 3 , Columbus 2 , SO
Pittsburgh 5 , San Jose 2
Florida 4 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3 , Boston 1
Carolina 2 , Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3 , Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3 , Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3 , Montreal 1
Chicago 2 , Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3 , Dallas 0
Vegas 4 , Calgary 2
Vancouver 4 , Colorado 3 , OT
Wednesday 's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto , 7:30 p.m .
San Jose at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Philadelphia at Washington , 8 p.m .
Thursday 's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Montreal at Carolina , 7 p.m .
St. Louis at Boston , 7 p.m .
Florida at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Anaheim at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Los Angeles at Nashville , 8:30 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Calgary , 9 p.m .
Dallas at Arizona , 9 p.m .
Colorado at Edmonton , 9 p.m .
Chicago at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Friday 's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Detroit at Carolina , 7 p.m .
San Jose at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
RIVERSIDE , Calif. -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 23 , 2018 -- April is Water Conservation Month , making this an ideal time to for people everywhere to take steps to conserve and protect one of earth 's most vital resources . April also means the Wyland National Mayor 's Challenge for Water Conservation , the largest community-based challenge for water conservation , is in full swing .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005115/en/
Furthering education and awareness in water conservation , Toro continues its support of the Wyland National Mayor 's Challenge for Water Conservation ( Photo : The Toro Company )
Held every year from April 1-30 , the National Mayor 's Challenge is presented by the Wyland Foundation with sponsorship and support from The Toro Company . The 7 th annual challenge kicked off with Plano , Texas , Mayor Harry LaRosiliere challenging mayors throughout the U.S. to help spread the word about the importance of water .
The challenge rewards individual residents who make pledges online at www.mywaterpledge.com to perform specific water-saving activities throughout the month . By simply pledging their commitment to easy water-saving actions , residents are eligible for a chance to win many exciting prizes – $ 5,000 toward home utilities payments , water-efficient home irrigation products like Toro smart irrigation controllers , and other eco-friendly products . This year residents can also nominate a local charity from a participating city to win a Toyota RAV4 Hybrid vehicle .
Toro has been a partner with the Wyland Foundation since 2015 , supporting outreach and activities around water conservation throughout the year . “ Our partnership is a natural fit in our mission to support sustainability through the efficient use of water , ” says Phil Burkart , vice president of Toro 's Irrigation & Lighting Businesses . “ We recognize the limited resources and availability of water . It 's why we are dedicated to providing water-saving innovation and education to our customers worldwide . ”
“ As a worldwide leader in irrigation technology and innovation for homes , golf courses , sports fields , municipalities and agriculture , Toro recognizes the importance of protecting water resources for future generations , ” says renowned marine life artist and conservationist Wyland . “ Toro 's support for Wyland Foundation and the National Mayor 's Challenge for Water Conservation further demonstrates their commitment to ensure availability for people around the world and to educate the masses on how to successfully use water without waste . ”
The National Mayors Challenge continues through April 30 , 2018 . Other sponsors include Toyota , EPA WaterSense ® , National League of Cities , Conserva Irrigation , Earth Friendly Products , makers of ECOS , and southern California broadcast partner KCAL9/KCBS2 . The challenge is designed to bring together all facets of the community to follow their city 's progress throughout the month and to use that information to encourage neighbors , businesses and civic groups to spread the word . At the midway point in the annual challenge , residents across the United States have already committed to reducing their water waste by approximately 1 billion gallons .
About The Toro Company
The Toro Company is a leading worldwide provider of innovative solutions for the outdoor environment including turf maintenance , snow and ice management , landscape , rental and specialty construction equipment , and irrigation and outdoor lighting solutions . With sales of $ 2.5 billion in fiscal 2017 , Toro 's global presence extends to more than 125 countries . Through constant innovation and caring relationships built on trust and integrity , Toro and its family of brands have built a legacy of excellence by helping customers care for golf courses , sports fields , public green spaces , commercial and residential properties and agricultural operations . For more information , visit www.toro.com .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005115/en/
CONTACT : The Toro Company
Alexis Bookman
alexis.bookman @ toro.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA TEXAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : ENERGY UTILITIES NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE OTHER NATURAL RESOURCES LANDSCAPE URBAN PLANNING ENVIRONMENT CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY
SOURCE : The Toro Company
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/23/2018 08:30 AM/DISC : 04/23/2018 08:30 AM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005115/en
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Family - Family News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today 's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today 's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
IDS : We want to take back control , and that includes taking back control of our fishing waters pic.twitter.com/4QRH9v7CjY — Leave Means Leave ( @ LeaveMnsLeave ) March 19 , 2018
They 've had time to mullet over and the verdict from Tory MPs on the fishing section of the transition deal is in : cod do better . The rebellion is already on a significant scale – Number 10 will be reeling from these quotes ( via David Scullion ) :
Douglas Ross MP : “ The UK Government has delivered far less than I hoped and expected… it would be easier to get someone to drink a pint of cold sick than to try to sell this as a success. ” Ross Thomson MP : “ Be clear that UK national ﬁsheries resources are not negotiable and that we will therefore be setting our own ﬁsheries policy from 29 March 2019 . We can not remain party to the OFF during the proposed implementation period. ” Ruth Davidson : “ Having spoken to fishing leaders today , I know they 're deeply frustrated with this outcome . There is no ignoring the fact that this falls short of what they had hoped for in the short-term. ” Iain Duncan Smith : “ There does seem to be a real concern… it appears that at least through the implementation period nothing will change , and I think that will be a concern and the government clearly has to deal with that because a lot of MPs are very uneasy about that right now. ” Richard Tice , Leave Means Leave : “ Under the current plans , we will not be taking back control of our fisheries when we leave the EU – something which the Government had previously promised . Ruth Davidson is absolutely right on this – our fishermen must have absolute control of our waters and fish from the end of March 2019 and anything less is totally unacceptable. ” Fishing for Leave : “ [ David Davis ] should stay in Brussels as his allegiance is obviously to the EU ring of stars not Her Majesty the Queen or the British people. ” Scottish Fishermen 's Federation : “ It 's far short of an acceptable deal – we leave the OFF and hand back sovereignty over our seas a few seconds later . ”
Meanwhile Open Europe 's Henry Newman is reporting that Whitehall officials are advocating that the UK should give up fishing rights and that Hammond is not interested in defending the fishing industry . Hyped up rows over the transition have traditionally been a bit of a red herring . But this is not going swimmingly .
UPDATE : Scottish Tory MPs have been called in to see chief whip Julian Smith over the rebellion .
UPDATE II : Worth remembering that this row is largely over what will happen during one year of the transition . The annual catch is decided in December of each year , so in December 2018 the UK will be involved as we are now in determining catch and distribution for 2019 – year one of the transition . It 's year two of the transition , 2020 , that is causing concern . The upside is that , even though the UK will only be “ consulted “ , Brussels has agreed the catch size will be exactly the same so at least we do not lose out , even if we are not taking back control that year . By 2021 the UK will be negotiating fishing rights as an independent coastal state and fully taking back control of our waters . The end state sounds acceptable , Number 10 will be hoping MPs can live with that one year of compromise in the meantime…
Barbara Lawlor , Nederland . At the end of the choir concert , parents looked at each other and asked , “ How does she do that ? ”
They were referring to Nederland Middle Senior High School 's music and theater director Liz Evans ' ability to transform their reticent pre-teens and teens into singers who own the stage and enjoy every minute of it .
Last Thursday 's December Choir Concert showcased the middle school choirs , the rookies , the unseasoned singers who can suddenly hit the right notes and are in charge of their own body language in the bits of choreography introduced into the numbers .
The sixth , seventh and eighth graders , a large group , over 50 of them , are learning the basics of singing together , but on concert night , they looked like they had been doing it for years .
Evans sets a standard that brings excellence to each performance by inspiring the students to do their best while having a good time . Some of the students want to continue their exploration into the performance world and they join the Festival Choir , a group that takes on the more difficult harmonies and lyrics .
The kids who want to be part of the cream of the crop audition for the Loquations , NMSHS 's competition choir , which travels all over the state performing in front of judges and large audiences .
Some of the Loquations have gone on to careers related to their musical background on the Ned stage .
Last week 's concert was a blend of fun Christmas songs , jazz songs sung in a foreign language and solemn ponderings about love , loss and the beauty of winter .
The concert began with the Loquations and the Festival Choir singing together the introductory song , “ Come to the Music . ”
The concert ended with the “ Carol of the Bells , ” a traditional ditty that sticks in the brain for weeks , but which is performed by joining all the choirs , sixth through 12th grades in a spectacular conclusion .
As the students lined up in the hallways to receive accolades from parents and friends , their proud grins were as big as a half moon .
Performing well in front of a hometown audience is as good as it gets .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
LinkedIn
Email
Print
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The game will go on .
The annual Congressional Baseball Game , which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill , will be played Thursday despite Wednesday 's shooting at the GOP squad 's practice in Alexandria , Virginia .
It 's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities . It 's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington .
House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , assured lawmakers assembled at a members ' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled , prompting a standing ovation .
'' It will be 'Play Ball ! ' tomorrow night at 7:05 , '' said Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , the longtime manager of the GOP squad .
Once a relatively cozy affair , played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland , the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park , just a few blocks from the Capitol .
'' We do it for really three reasons . We do it for fellowship amongst ourselves . We do it for charity , '' Barton said . '' We raise a lot of money for three charities . And we do it because we like to play baseball and try to recapture a little bit of our youth . It 's a positive thing . Of all the things Congress does , this is one of the most benign , positive activities . ''
Members of Congress practice for months for the event , and typically don the jerseys of a team from back home . The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call sponsors the game and awards a trophy once a side wins three of five games .
'' It 's a good way raise money for charity and for members to get to know each other , '' said Rep. Cedric Richmond , D-La. , whose election in 2010 upended the competitive balance of the annual event . Richmond played baseball in college and kicked off his congressional career with a one-hitter in 2011 and has been the game 's dominant player pretty much since then .
Last year , however , Democrats lost the game 8-7 , ending a seven-game winning streak that mostly coincided with Richmond joining the Democratic side .
'' I was fresh off of surgery , but they made more plays than we made last year , '' Richmond told reporters . '' This was a year we wanted to get even . ''
Congressional leaders typically attend the event and former President Barack Obama - famous for shunning opportunities to rub shoulders with lawmakers - even went two years ago , watching from the Democratic dugout . Obama 's appearance came as he was struggling to win Democratic votes for an unpopular trade-related measure .
President Donald Trump will not be attending Thursday 's game , however , due to security concerns .
'' While the president would like to attend the game and show his support for all of these brave public servants , he has been advised that there is not enough time to follow Secret Service protocols , '' Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday .
To lawmakers , the annual game is one of the better opportunities for lawmakers to get to know each other outside of their partisan roles .
'' The things that used to bring members together , whether it 's travel - that 's frowned upon . If you belong to the gym , they think 'well , that 's a perk you should n't have , '' ' said Rep. Mike Doyle of Pennsylvania , the manager of the Democratic team . '' All the chances to interact with each other outside our suits , and outside floor debate , are few and far between . ''
-- -
Online : https : //www.congressionalbaseball.org/
Argentina 's Lionel Messi walks on the pitch during a World Cup qualifying soccer match against Peru at La Bombonera stadium in Buenos Aires , Argentina , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 . Argentina tied the match 0-0 and is almost eliminated from the upcoming World Cup in Russia . ( AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano )
Coach Jorge Sampaoli wo n't blame Lionel Messi for Argentina being on the brink of missing its first World Cup since 1970 . Sampaoli says `` one ca n't ask more of Messi . ''
Maybe . But as Messi and Sampaoli seek answers , a World Cup without the two-time champions is now imaginable .
Argentina is sixth in the South America standings , and only the top four advance automatically . The fifth-place team can qualify by winning a playoff with New Zealand .
Archrival Brazil is in . Argentina will reach at least a playoff if it wins its last qualifier on Tuesday in Quito , Ecuador , where all visiting teams gasp for air at 2,850 meters ( 9,350 feet ) .
Argentina 's problem ? Goals . In the last three matches it 's scored just one ; this from the World Cup runner-up three years ago .
Josh Sargent converted a penalty kick in the first half , Chris Durkin and Andrew Carleton added goals in the second and the United States opened the Under-17 World Cup with a 3-0 win over host India on Friday in New Delhi .
Sargent , a forward from O'Fallon , Missouri , who signed with Germany 's Werder Bremen last month , was tripped in the penalty area and beat Dheeraj Moirangthem to the goalkeeper 's right with the penalty kick in the 30th minute .
Durkin , who debuted for D.C. United in the 2016 U.S. Open Cup , doubled the lead in the 51st with a left-footed volley from just past the penalty spot that deflected in off a defender after India failed to clear Blaine Ferri 's corner kick .
Carleton , who made his Major League Soccer debut for Atlanta United in May , rounded Moirangthem to score in the 84th .
The U.S. outshot India 19-8 and leads Group D on goal difference over Ghana , which opened with a 1-0 win over Colombia . The Americans play Ghana on Monday in New Delhi and Colombia on Thursday at Navi Maubai .
An American living in the Judean Hills wrote an op-ed defending Jewish settlements in the West Bank . ( Reuters photo )
Rachel Moore , owner of a `` coworking space '' in the West Bank , was born and raised in Connecticut , but has lived an Orthodox Jewish life in the Judean Hills with her husband and eight children for the past 20 years .
Friday , she penned an op-ed for The Times of Israel titled `` You are the racist , actually , not me . '' In it , she defends not only Jewish settlements in Judea and Samaria , but also the benefits of Israelis and Palestinians living together in one nation .
She wrote , in part :
I am an Orthodox Jewish settler raising seven children in the West Bank . I 'm also an American citizen and I voted for Donald Trump . Yeah , I 'm that lady . I opened a local business here , and I did so on purpose—to respond to BDS anti-settler activities by encouraging Jewish West Bank residents to work in the West Bank and keep their own businesses local in the West Bank . I believe in annexation and I do not support a two-state solution .
And that makes me a peace-loving , Palestinian-respecting individual . I 'm not the racist . You are .
You , my liberal , anti-settler , anti-Trump friends who hate my views—if not me ( yet ) —are the racists . I have spent a lot of time particularly in the past three months being told by U.S. Democratic voters and U.N. supporters what a monstrous racist group of people we are , those people `` like me . ''
I 've finally had enough . I 've invited so many of you to engage and hear from real people instead of judging , and you show no interest . Apparently , it 's preferable to let television and the New York Times inform your views on my little corner of the world .
Click here to read the entire article .
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit . 1 ) Get to know the Holy Spirit . 2 ) Learn to enter God 's presence 3 ) Hear God 's voice clearly ! Go deeper !
Has God called you to be a leader ? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to . Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book .
-
See an error in this article ? This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
CALIFORNIA , June 14 ( IANS ) : Smoke from wildfire worldwide could impact the atmosphere and climate much more than previously thought , new research using data collected during NASA airborne science campaigns has found .
Brown carbon particles released into the air from burning trees and other organic matter are much more likely than previously thought to travel to the upper levels of the atmosphere , where they can interfere with rays from the Sun-sometimes cooling the air and at other times warming it , the findings showed .
`` Most of the brown carbon released into the air stays in the lower atmosphere , but we found that a fraction of it does get up into the upper atmosphere , where it has a disproportionately large effect on the planetary radiation balance - much stronger than if it was all at the surface , '' said Rodney Weber , Professor at Georgia Institute of Technology in the US .
The research used air samples collected during two airborne science missions supported by researchers from NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia . The two missions together made observations in the central , southeast and western US .
The researchers found surprising levels of brown carbon in the samples taken from the upper troposphere-about seven miles above the Earth 's surface-but much less black carbon , according to the study published online in the journal Nature Geoscience . While black carbon can be seen in the dark smoke plumes rising above burning fossil or biomass fuels at high temperature , brown carbon is produced from the incomplete combustion that occurs when grasses , wood or other biological matter smolders , as is typical for wildfires .
As particulate matter in the atmosphere , both can interfere with solar radiation by absorbing and scattering the Sun 's rays . [ Read More ]
—–
Source : The Financial Express
The future of streaming music is streaming media , according to Apple 's Eddy Cue , which is why the company is behind shows like Carpool Karaoke and Planet of the Apps . The “ Apple Music is more than just music ” message is one he 's already expressed , and it 's a sign Apple 's competition in the streaming music market is growing beyond Spotify and Tidal to more inclusive services like Amazon Prime .
Speaking at the Recode Code Media conference Mr . Cue said original shows will be a big part of Apple 's streaming music service . He said , “ It 's one of the differentiating factors we can add to Apple Music . ”
Apple wants to bring intriguing original content to subscribers . That includes reality shows like Planet of the Apps , and original scripted shows like Vital Signs and Carpool Karaoke .
Apple Music Wants Your TV Screen
Despite Spotify 's larger subscriber base—about double Apple Music 's 20 million—that 's not a market where the company is prepared to compete today . Right now , that 's where Netflix and Amazon Prime shine , and where Apple wants to be .
Mr . Cue 's comments back up what Jimmy Iovine said earlier this year when he told Hollywood reporter , “ At Apple Music , what we 're trying to create is an entire cultural , pop cultural experience , and that happens to include audio and video . ”
For now , that means scouting for interesting original shows . Apple could look at buying a media company at some point , but for now that does n't fit with the company 's plans . Mr Cue told Recode ,
To the extent if we wanted to do what everybody else is doing , then you 're right , we might be better off buying somebody or doing that . But that 's not what we 're trying to do . We are trying to do something that 's unique , takes advantage of our platforms and that really brings culture to it .
Ben Silverman from Propagate , the company co-producing Planet of the Apps with Apple , said they 're trying to tap into the cultural landscape . He sees apps , along with music and television , as part of that , which helps explain part of why Apple was interested in the show .
In other words , Apple Music 's upcoming shows are just the beginning . More will be coming , and odds are they 'll be quality shows designed to hook us on spending US $ 9.99 a month on the streaming music service . The model is already working for Netflix and Amazon Prime , and if Apple plays its cards right , it 'll work for Apple Music , too .
Starting in 2011 , the effort was awarded more than $ 3 million in grants , the bulk of that from a competitive U.S. Department of Justice grant program .
The program 's four lead partners—Grand Forks , the Grand Forks School District , Lutheran Social Services and the Community Violence Intervention Center—used the money to support extensive bullying and sexual-assault prevention programs , therapy services for child victims and character-building efforts such as the Coaching Boys into Men program .
Over time , Safer Tomorrows activities were offered in every public school and three parochial schools in Grand Forks County .
The federal grant support ran out last month . So , Safer Tomorrows leaders now are reporting back to the county about what the program accomplished and what efforts might be sustained into the future .
In December , some of the leaders spoke to the Herald editorial board . A transcript of the conversation is below ; it has been edited for clarity and length .
□ □ □
Q . Did Safer Tomorrows start with the grant that you won in Washington several years ago ?
Pete Haga , Grand Forks community/government relations officer : Yes . Since 2012 , Safer Tomorrows has received a total of $ 3.3 million to work toward ending or mitigating childhood exposure to violence in Grand Forks County .
We 're now sunsetting on the federal grant , but we 're sunrising on our efforts to sustain the program into the future .
Q . What was the background for the project ?
Kristi Hall-Jiran , executive director , Community Violence Intervention Center : I do n't know if you 're familiar with the Adverse Childhood Experiences study . We call it ACE for short . Basically , it was a study that was done some years ago that looked at kids who had experienced trauma during childhood .
The things that are counted as ACEs are things like seeing violence in the home , having a parent die , going through a divorce , being a victim of child abuse .
So , what the study showed was that besides higher rates of depression and anxiety , there was a very high correlation between the ACEs and physical ailments as well , including things like cancer , heart disease , diabetes .
For example , if kids have four or more ACEs , they actually start having neurochemical changes in their brains . And what that can lead to is three times the rate of academic failure , seven times the rate of alcoholism , 12 times the rate of suicide attempts .
So those are very depressing outcomes . Add in all the health effects as well , and it gets to be pretty overwhelming .
But what the national research also shows is that if we can mitigate trauma at a much earlier age and get people the help and intervention they need , we can really prevent a lot of those long-term health effects from happening to a huge population of people .
So , that 's why we really wanted to focus on helping kids and changing things in the long term . And of course that has a huge economic value as well , when you look at what we spend on juvenile delinquency programs and health care costs and psychological services costs , all of those things that are impacted down the road .
I think we 've kind of worked through that part , and now we 're focused on , OK , that 's a terrible outcome , but there are so many things that can make a difference along the way .
And since the program began , we 've heard amazing stories about how coaches can make a difference , how teachers can make a difference . If the parents are n't able to be present in a child 's life , who else can step up ?
Q . What kind of programs did you offer that helped bring about your results ?
Hall-Jiran : At CVIC and elsewhere , we were involved in the actual counseling and intervention piece . We knew that the awareness-building and school-based efforts would lead to huge referrals , which they did . We saw a 213 percent increase in the number of kids that we served over that time , and we helped nearly 1,000 children through the trauma .
And so , some of the results we 're seeing , 96 percent of kids that go through our programming have an increase in their coping skills and their emotional well-being . That 's going to lead to better grades at school , and is reflected in a lot of the results that we 've been finding .
Janell Regimbal , vice president of children and family services at Lutheran Social Services : At the school level , the programming goes from that preschool age with our Al 's Pals program—which is helping those younger kids know how to deal with conflict , to respect and understand differences , to regulate their own emotions better—all the way up to the high school .
And in the high schools—to use just one example—we 're involved with the Fourth R. That 's a curriculum that looks beyond reading , 'riting and 'rithmetic to the fourth R , which is relationships . It helps kids understand how to form and treat relationships . It 's an evidence-based curriculum that the health teachers are able to take and infuse into what they 're already doing .
So that 's a unique aspect . It 's not just middle school or elementary school , but that entire span of childhood and adolescence , such an important time in the growth and development of kids .
Jody Thompson , assistant superintendent for Grand Forks Public Schools : Pete referred to the sunsetting and the sunrising . The sunrise part of the plan is that we 've had multiple staff members who 've been trained nationally in the Olweus Bullying Prevention Program , a research-based and nationally proven model that involves surveys , curriculum and training .
And Olweus is one that has just blended perfectly with our character-education themes and what we would do normally .
We 're big on the sustainability . Thanks to Safer Tomorrows , we were the recipients of some outstanding training and curriculum expertise . As a school district , we do n't take that very lightly , because we have n't had to pay for anything .
That 's a significant benefit to us . But we also want to make sure that this continues to be a part of our culture .
Q . Does most of the instruction happen in a classroom setting ?
Thompson : At the elementary level , we have character assemblies every month . So , that 's something we 've been doing for many years , but we integrate a lot more of this in those events .
There are schoolwide expectations for how to behave in the Grand Forks Public Schools . A lot of it is based on Olweus . You walk through our buildings and see posters about what the expectations are—above the line , below the line behaviors ; and that 's just become a standard . And it does n't matter if you 're a custodian or a worker in the lunchroom ; everyone knows what the expectations are for students . So , if someone is a custodian at Phoenix Elementary School and sees students misbehaving , he or she is trained to intervene and not have to send them to the office . That person can just get them straightened up right then and there .
We 've empowered all of our staff to intervene if it 's necessary .
Hall-Jiran : We 're trying to look at changing the culture in the schools , instead of just having it be a lesson .
One of my favorite stories is about a lunch lady who saw something happening and was on her way to intervene at a table , but by the time she got there , the students ' peers had already intervened . That 's when we know it 's really working .
Regimbal : The proactive part is helping those `` bystanders '' become `` upstanders '' and to have empathy . Hopefully , these practices and discussions have helped build empathy with the kids , so they can put themselves in someone else 's shoes and think , how can I support that person whom I saw that happen to ? How can I be an upstander ?
Coaching Boys into Men is one of those real `` upstander '' pieces .
Q . Tell us about Coaching Boys into Men .
Hall-Jiran : CVIC was the lead agency on that , and so we were able to hire ( former Grand Forks Central football coach ) Mike Berg , who most people know , as our coach specialist . He says he 's retired from that role , but he 's still a pretty awesome mentor to the coaches involved .
So he was able to be the supervisor to the coaches who are involved in this particular program . Basically , it 's coaches talking to athletes about respectful behavior . They integrate it right into their practice sessions .
Anybody who 's had adolescent children at home know that many times , they will listen to their coaches like they listen to no one else . Whatever their parent or teacher is saying , it can take on a different meaning if it 's something that comes from the coach : `` Well , this is how we treat women and girls , and it 's OK to talk about it and have a healthy conversation about it . ''
We 've reached more than 800 male athletes .
Q . What kinds of results have you seen ?
Hall-Jiran : A new project update on Safer Tomorrows shows really exciting outcomes .
Forty-six percent fewer students in grades 9-12 have reported that someone forced them to do something sexual that they did not want to do .
Violence-related suspensions and expulsions are down 42 percent . Physical fights in schools , down 24 percent . Those are pretty awesome numbers .
Q . Were these findings based on before-and-after surveys ?
Hall-Jiran : Right . We used a lot of the surveys that were already done in the school system , and then compared the results as the project progressed .
We also in Grand Forks region have the lowest levels of dating violence at 33 percent lower than the rest of the state . And that 's since the project started ; before it started , we were actually higher than the rest of the state .
Haga : The brain science of all this is fascinating . It is a touchy-feely method , but it 's also a scientific truth that something is happening to the brains of our children when trauma is happening . And there are methods that we can use , if we know what to do and what to look for , that can heal those harms and actually change their brain science and actually prepare them even better .
Hall-Jiran : And that changes generations . As you know , when someone has unresolved trauma and then they parent , there 's no way it does n't affect their kids . So it just goes on and on .
I see that at CVIC , and I 'm sad , because i think we should have been there for those kids 25 years ago the way we are now .
The Ontario Liberals have an extra $ 1.5 billion to spend between now and the next election and can still keep their promise to balance the provincial budget by 2018 , thanks to a helpful ruling on how to handle surpluses in a couple of big provincial pension funds .
For $ 1.5 billion , the Liberals could cut electricity bills by another eight per cent and probably buy labour peace with Ontario 's doctors and have some left . They could stop pressuring boards of education to close half-empty schools . They could replace half a dozen small hospitals . They could even cut taxes .
We 're talking serious money .
Premier Kathleen Wynne and Finance Minister Charles Sousa have sworn up and down that Ontario will finish 2018 with a balanced provincial budget .
But they got a shock last fall when Bonnie Lysyk , the province 's auditor general , told them she thought it was wrong to count money held by the pension plans for the Ontario Public Service Employees Union and Ontario 's teachers ' unions as provincial assets . Specifically , about $ 11 billion in surpluses in those funds , the government 's share of which had been treated as government assets for as long as they 'd been there . That stripped billions of dollars off the government 's balance sheet .
More importantly , it meant $ 1.5 billion in income that the government had treated as revenue could no longer be handled that way .
That produced a nasty spat between the auditor-general and Liz Sandals , the minister who , as president of the treasury board , is in charge of how the province keeps its books . Sandals presented the legislature with an unaudited financial report because Lysyk would n't sign off on it , a brazen way of handling an ordinarily dull part of running the government .
The money 's there either way , the only question is in which ledger it should be inscribed . If it 's in this ledger here , it makes the Liberals ' budget-balancing promise $ 1.5 billion easier ; if it 's in that ledger there , the promise is $ 1.5 billion harder .
The government appointed an expert panel to make a ruling , a four-person group led by Tricia O'Malley , former chair of the Canadian Accounting Standards Board , a job she had twice , with a long stint helping set international accounting standards in between . The others are a benefits lawyer , an actuary who consults for Ernst & Young on pensions , and the Province of New Brunswick 's chief accountant .
What they say does n't have the force of a judge 's order , but they have credibility . And they say the government can count the money as a provincial asset .
The provincial government co-sponsors the pension plans , so it 's effectively a half-owner . That said , the government ca n't directly draw on the surpluses , the money has to stay in the plans . If the government ca n't take the money , Lysyk 's reasoning goes , the money is n't really a government asset .
Nevertheless , the panel 's report volleys back , those surpluses work in the government 's favour .
`` It is reasonable to expect that the plan sponsors will be able to benefit from lower contribution levels in the future , if the plans have surplus assets , '' the panel 's report says .
Ultimately : `` The surpluses in the plans can be used by reducing the contributions the government is required to make to the plans , freeing cash that would otherwise be required to make contributions to be used for other purposes . ''
`` We are committed to implementing the advice of this independent panel and will use it in preparing the province 's financial statements , '' Sandals said in a written statement .
And in campaigning for 2018 .
dreevely @ postmedia.com
Trump Envoy Jason Greenblatt to Visit Israel Soon to Discuss Renewed Peace Talks , Israeli Official Says
As U.S. steps up negotiations for renewed talks , Tillerson reveals Trump told Abbas he would become disinterested in the talks if they do n't move ahead quickly
UNITED NATIONS ( AP ) — The U.N. human rights chief says North Korea 's leadership has cracked down on human rights by further restricting movements and making `` horrific '' prison conditions more severe amid tensions over its nuclear and missile tests .
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein told the Security Council Monday that a chronic lack of food , partly due to resources which are diverted to the military , has made humanitarian aid provided by the U.N. and others `` literally a lifeline for some 13 million acutely vulnerable individuals . ''
He urged the council to assess the human rights impact of sanctions that have slowed aid deliveries and minimize the humanitarian consequences .
Zeid also criticized China for returning North Koreans who escape from their country , saying they `` are routinely subjected to multiple forms of torture and ill-treatment . ''
Pope Francis poses during a meeting with indigenous people to mark the 40th governing council of the the International Fund for Agricultural Development ( IFAD ) at the Vatican February 15 , 2017 . Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
By Philip Pullella
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Pope Francis appeared on Wednesday to back Native Americans seeking to halt part of the Dakota Access Pipeline , saying indigenous cultures have a right to defend `` their ancestral relationship to the earth '' .
The Latin American pope , who has often strongly defended indigenous rights since his election in 2013 , made his comments on protection of native lands to representative of tribes attending the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome .
While he did not name the pipeline , he used strong and clear language applicable to the conflict , saying development had to be reconciled with `` the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories '' .
Francis spoke two days after a U.S. federal judge denied a request by tribes to halt construction of the final link of the project that sparked months of protests by activists aimed at stopping the 1,170-mile line .
Speaking in Spanish , Francis said the need to protect native territories was `` especially clear when planning economic activities which may interfere with indigenous cultures and their ancestral relationship to the earth '' .
The Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes have argued the project would prevent them from practicing religious ceremonies at a lake they say is surrounded by sacred ground .
`` In this regard , the right to prior and informed consent ( of native peoples ) should always prevail , '' the pope said , citing the 1997 U.N . Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples .
Thousands of tribe members , environmentalists and others set up camps last year on Army Corps land in the North Dakota plains as protests intensified .
In December , the administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama denied the last permit needed by Energy Transfer Partners , which is building the $ 3.8 billion pipeline .
But last week , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers granted a final easement , after President Donald Trump issued an order to advance the project days after he took office in January .
The pope made an indirect criticism last week of another Trump project , a wall along the border with Mexico , saying society should not create `` walls but bridges '' and ask others to pay for them .
Francis , who wrote a major encyclical letter in 2015 on climate change and the environment , told the group that new technologies could be legitimate but had to respect the earth .
`` Do not allow those which destroy the earth , which destroy the environment and the ecological balance , and which end up destroying the wisdom of peoples , '' he said .
( Reporting by Philip Pullella ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
Harrison Ford 's 2015 plane crash . Image via Getty .
In March 2015 , earring and Calista Flockhart lover Harrison Ford was severely injured when he crashed his vintage single-engine plane into a golf course near the Santa Monica airport . Almost two years later , NBC is reporting that Ford is back at it again with the airplane incidents .
Advertisement
The actor , whose history of bad luck with airplanes expands into the fictional Indiana Jones universe , was descending into Orange County 's John Wayne Airport Monday when he “ mistakenly aimed for a taxiway [ instead of a runway ] . ” Whoops ! Even after landing , Ford failed to notice his error , and reportedly asked the tower whether a Boeing 737 he flew over was “ meant to be underneath ” during his approach . “ Landing on the taxiway , ” writes NBC , “ is a violation of Federal Aviation Administration safety rules . ”
Now that Ford has four aviation-related blunders under his belt ( in addition to the 2015 incident , he crashed a helicopter in 1999 , and “ clipped the runway ” during an emergency landing in 2000 ) I have a suggestion : Harrison , get off your plane .
21:03 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9 , 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9 , 5778 , 24/04/18 What is `` Biomimicry '' ? Read more Watch : ILTV speaks with Dr. Daphne Haim-Langford , and Dr. Yael Helfman Cohen of the Israel Biomimicry Organization ► ◄ Last Briefs
By a margin of more than 2-1 , the 18,000 member Modern Language Association voted on Wednesday night to approve a resolution `` which calls on the MLA to 'refrain from endorsing the boycott ' of Israeli academic institutions promoted by the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel . ''
Minister of Strategic Affairs Gilad Erdan , who heads Israel 's efforts against the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions movement , praised the members of the MLA Council , saying , `` This is a defeat for the boycott organizations and their ongoing efforts to boycott Israel . The boycott organizations are putting great pressure on universities and the decision tonight represents an important victory and a clear message against boycotts . ''
ORLANDO ( CBS Local ) – Disney World is opening up their theme parks , and their wallet , in a search for thousands of summer workers this year . The Florida resort is looking to fill around 3,500 positions and is reportedly offering signing bonuses of up to $ 3,000 in order to entice part-time employees .
Disney 's annual hiring blitz is in preparation for the summer vacation season and the company is looking to staff a wide variety of jobs including culinary chefs , lifeguards , bus drivers , and housekeepers . Disney began hosting a series of job fairs for these openings on April 23 at the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex , which focused on staffing the resort 's cooking positions .
A lifeguard job fair is scheduled for May 2 at Disney 's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park in Lake Buena Vista . According to the Orlando Sentinel , full-time and part-time lifeguards can get a $ 1,000 signing bonus in 2018 , double the amount from last year .
Disney 's housekeeping job fair is being held on May 9 at the Walt Disney World Resort Casting Center . The company is also accepting applications for these openings Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Eastern Time through May . Housekeepers are receiving bonuses of $ 1,250 and an hourly wage of $ 10.50 according to the Sentinel .
Disney World 's neighbor , Universal Studios , is also stocking up on employees for the summer rush . The theme park and resort also announced that they 'll be hiring 3,000 new workers . The resort said in a press release it will be offering workers “ competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages ” as well as other perks like free admission to their park .
Josh Maja is closing in on a return to the first team picture at Sunderland .
The 18-year-old was a star performer in pre-season before suffering a knee injury but he completed 89 minutes for the U23s against Liverpool and could return to the first team squad for Fulham .
“ Josh is there or thereabouts and it is a credit to all those involved in his rehab , ” said U23 boss Elliott Dickman .
“ The medical team have managed him well and moving forward the manager and first team staff will decide on where he is and what he is doing .
“ If he is with us then great , if he is with the first team then fantastic for the academy . ”
Meanwhile , as revealed by the Echo , Scottish side Falkirk are set to raid Sunderland for reinforcements - with duo Andrew Nelson and Tommy Robson on their radar .
Falkirk , second-bottom of the Scottish Championship , are desperate to strengthen their squad
Neither were involved for Sunderland U23s against Liverpool , with Nelson missing with an ankle injury .
Robson has been out of favour since he returned from a loan spell at Irish side Limerick last season and there are suggestions he may join Falkirk on a free transfer next month , while Nelson could join on loan .
When asked about the pair 's future , Dickman said : “ Andrew had an ankle issue , that 's why he was n't in the squad against Liverpool .
“ Tommy was not in the squad with a view to probably looking to move on come January .
“ Nothing is confirmed as far as I am aware . ”
Speaking generally about Sunderland 's youngsters going out on loan , Dickman added : “ Heading out on loan is different to the U23s , [ U23 football ] has its purpose for players , but there are certain players who need to put themselves against men to see how they deal with it .
“ It is fantastic for the lads to get that opportunity wherever it may be . ”
Anthony Scaramucci stepped onto The Late Show Monday knowing well that it was like a comedy lion 's den and was greeted by a sea of boos while Queen played him to his seat . And almost from the very start , Stephen Colbert actually turned up the heat on The Mooch and did n't hesitate to talk about his short tenure in The White House , Trump 's response to Charlottesville , and his feelings towards the members of the administration . That includes asking the former prospective communications director if he was brought in to get rid of Sean Spicer and Reince Priebus and if he can suck his own c * ck like Steve Bannon — an aspect that had The Mooch asking if that could fly on television .
The administration was where the early previews of the interview sunk in , with Scaramucci saying he was actually friendly with Priebus before taking the White House job . Of course , this just could 've been another dig by The Mooch considering he said their “ friendly ” dealings were connected to Scarmucci 's donations . He also did n't seem too broken up that the former chief of staff was fired , noting that he 'd do the same to Steve Bannon if he were making the decisions .
MONTEVIDEO , Uruguay ( AP ) — Uruguay 's priority will be keeping Luiz Suarez tamed at this year 's World Cup .
After the striker was expelled from the 2014 tournament in disgrace for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini , Uruguay was eliminated by Colombia in the round of 16 .
Suarez promises he is a reformed character and will be better behaved in Russia than in Brazil , where he scored twice before being banned .
`` It was my mistake , '' Suarez said . `` So I have a debt to repay to myself and Uruguay , to try to show a good image . ''
Things were already starting to look brighter for two-time World Cup champion Uruguay , based on qualifying at least .
After enduring four consecutive World Cup playoffs and only reaching three of the tournaments , Uruguay secured an automatic place in Russia by finishing second behind Brazil in qualifying .
Here 's a closer look at the Uruguay team :
COACH
Oscar Tabarez will lead Uruguay into his fourth World Cup after a first trip in 1990 followed by 2010 and 2014 . A Tabarez team has always made it out of the group stage , including a semifinal appearance in South Africa eight years ago .
A former school teacher and professional player , Tabarez led Uruguay to the Copa America title in 2011 . As a club coach , he led Penarol to the Copa Libertadores title in 1987 and Boca Juniors to an Argentine league title in 1992 .
The 71-year-old Tabarez has used a wheelchair since he was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome in 2016 .
GOALKEEPERS
There is little doubt Galatasaray goalkeeper Fernando Muslera will be between the posts for his third World Cup .
DEFENSE
The Atletico Madrid partnership of Diego Godin and Jose Gimenez also anchor the heart of Uruguay 's defense . Godin has made more than 100 appearances since his debut in 2005 and scored at his third World Cup with a header against Italy in 2014 . The 23-year-old Gimenez offers a solid companion to a player nine years his senior and already has one World Cup under his belt .
Versatile Lazio wingback Martin Caceres should also be sure of a starting spot unless there is a recurrence of one of his frequent injuries .
MIDFIELDERS
Tabarez has always had doubts about his midfield 's attacking qualities . While the unit has usually been capable of defending well , the midfielders have often struggled to generate chances for the forwards .
During qualifying , Tabarez called up several young players who improved in this area : Federico Valverde ( 19 ) , Nahitan Nandez ( 22 ) and Rodrigo Bentancur ( 20 ) .
FORWARDS
Uruguay should n't be short of goals . The strikers are the team 's greatest strength .
Suarez is Uruguay 's all-time leading scorer with 50 goals and is coming off the back of a strong season with Barcelona . Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is next on the list with 41 , including a continent-leading 10 goals in 18 matches in South American qualifying .
GROUP GAMES
Uruguay , which will be based in Nizhny Novgorod , will face Egypt in its first match on June 15 . That will be followed by matches against Saudi Arabia on June 20 and Russia on June 25 .
___
More AP World Cup coverage : www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Fullerton 's downtown is a popular nightlife spot , and plenty of folks are getting there safely using ride-sharing apps such as Uber and Lyft . But they were n't always getting dropped off safely .
Many drivers were stopping on Harbor Boulevard or Commonwealth Avenue in the heart of downtown to drop off their riders , blocking traffic and putting people in danger , officials said .
So the city has created 13 loading and unloading locations in the downtown , where ride-sharing drivers can stop for up to 5 minutes to pick up or drop off riders between 6 p.m. and 2 a.m. daily .
The parking areas are primarily off Harbor from Santa Fe Avenue to Wilshire Avenue .
City officials worked with Uber and Lyft to identify the heaviest used areas for drop offs , officials said . Existing unloading zones set aside for business deliveries during the day are being used in several cases .
The pilot program will be tried out for 90 days . The City Council will have to decide to make it permanent .
Getty Image
I suppose we can see this as Matt Barnes ‘ proverbial ride off into the sunset . Much-maligned throughout his career for his prickly demeanor and an insatiable penchant for both instigating and promulgating beefs well beyond their natural shelf-life , Barnes made himself a pariah around the NBA for much of his career , while simultaneously endearing himself to his teammates and his team 's fan base .
And after a 14-year career that finally culminated in an NBA championship with the Golden State Warriors last season , Barnes has apparently reconciled himself to the fact that it 's time to tackle life beyond basketball . On Monday , he announced his retirement from the NBA via an Instagram post .
In typical Barnes fashion , it ran the gambit from expressing appreciating to the game and the fans who have supported him over the years , to an intractable need to lob a few final verbal hand-grenades at anyone who doubted him or criticized him over the years .
Kentucky 's coaching staff has an exceptionally strong connection to Cardinal Mooney High School in Youngstown , Ohio . That 's been well documented.Could linebacker Luke Fulton make the connection eve ...
By Gabriella Borter
( Reuters ) - James Fields walked into the former Nazi concentration camp in Dachau , Germany , on a school trip two years ago and told a classmate he was `` where the magic happened . ''
The account was one of several describing Fields ' white supremacist views that emerged in telephone and Facebook interviews on Monday , two days after his arrest on a murder charge for ramming his car into a group of people objecting to neo-Nazis rallying in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Several students who attended Randall K. Cooper High School with Fields in Union , Kentucky , recalled him as an angry young man who spoke admiringly about the Nazis and Adolf Hitler .
Fields ' court-appointed lawyer , Charles `` Buddy '' Weber , could not immediately be reached for comment .
The 20-year-old suspect made a brief court appearance via video link on Monday . A judge denied bail for Fields , accused of killing one woman and injuring at least 19 other people on Saturday .
During the June 2015 school trip , Fields spat on a Russian war memorial in Germany and refused to shower because he did not want to use what he called `` that dirty pig water , '' according to a former classmate who has known Fields since childhood .
At Dachau , Fields looked like `` a kid at an amusement park , '' said the classmate , who asked not to be identified for fear of being targeted .
`` He would read excerpts from Mein Kampf , and listen to Nazi propaganda music at night , '' the classmate told Reuters .
Another former high school classmate , Morgan Stidham , said she did not know Fields well and never saw him doing anything violent .
`` I only overheard him talking about things like Nazi stuff and how amazing Hitler was , '' Stidham said .
Caleb Orndorff , who went to the same high school and who is black , said he and his brother once got into a verbal confrontation with Fields and that Fields called them a racial slur in response .
His former history teacher , Derek Weimer , also told several news outlets about Fields ' fascination with Hitler .
`` My first feeling : I failed , we failed , '' Weimer told the Toledo Blade after learning about the charge against Fields .
White nationalist groups gathered in the Southern college town of Charlottesville on Saturday in a `` Unite the Right '' rally to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate army commander General Robert E. Lee from a park .
Fields was among several rally participants whose pictures were shown on social media . The Anti-Defamation League posted a picture on Twitter that appeared to show Fields carrying a shield affiliated with Vanguard America , a white nationalist group . In a statement , the group denied that Fields was a member .
Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , said he told her he was attending a rally but did not describe it in detail , according to the Blade .
`` I thought it had something to do with Trump , '' she told the newspaper . `` I try to stay out of his political views . ''
Fields and his mother moved from northern Kentucky to the town of Maumee in northwestern Ohio about a year ago for her job , according to the Blade . Fields began living in his own apartment several months ago and traveled to Virginia for Saturday 's rally .
In a report sourced to police records , the newspaper said that wheelchair-bound Bloom called police in Florence , Kentucky , at least nine times starting in 2010 seeking help with her sometimes violent son .
Soon after graduating from high school in 2015 , Fields joined the U.S. Army but left by December after failing to meet training standards , the Army said in a statement .
Fields ' father was killed by a drunk driver months before his birth , the Washington Post reported , citing an unidentified uncle .
( Reporting by Gabriella Borter in New York ; Additional reporting by Taylor Harris in New York and Scott Malone in Charlottesville , Va. and Jon Herskovitz in Austin , Texas ; Writing by Joseph Ax ; editing by Grant McCool )
WINNIPEG — A teenager who helped beat a young Manitoba woman and shared the footage of her bloody death apologized to the victim 's family at a sentencing hearing Tuesday .
Serena McKay 's body was found on the Sagkeeng First Nation last April and two teenage girls , who were 16 and 17 , were arrested .
The older girl , who has since turned 18 but ca n't be named because she was underage when the beating occurred , pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in December .
`` There are no words to describe how sorry I am , '' the girl told McKay 's family in a Winnipeg courtroom . `` I am living every day with this guilt and shame ... I want to do things in Serena 's honour . ''
The Crown and defence are jointly recommending the girl receive the maximum youth sentence of seven years . The Crown wants the girl to spend four years behind bars and serve 1 1/2 years in the community .
Defence lawyer Greg Brodsky , who said his client has shown remorse , is asking for one year in jail with the rest of the sentence to be served in the community .
McKay had been at a house party in the Sagkeeng community when there was an argument about alcohol , court heard .
Two videos , which later circulated on social media , showed McKay being attacked .
McKay 's family members stood up and left before the videos were played in court . The woman being sentenced held her head in her hands and sobbed as the graphic footage showed McKay being punched and kicked while she begged for the beating to stop .
Crown prosecutor Jennifer Comack said the woman texted the videos to a friend first , along with a message boasting that she `` stomped her '' out . The videos were widely shared , Comack said .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — Hearts were broken in Westchester County when an eighth grader , and rising basketball star was killed by a stray bullet .
Now , her mother , coach , and others in the grief-stricken community are pleading for the shooter to come forward .
As CBS2 's Ali Bauman reported , police said the girl was not even the intended target of the shooting , and now the parents of Shamoya McKenzie have to enter the New Year without the daughter who was their world .
White balloons were released into the sky by 13-year-old McKenzie 's teammates . She was struck and killed by a stray bullet on Saturday afternoon .
“ Oh my God , my Angel is gone ! ” her mother Nadine cried .
McKenzie had been driving her daughter home from basketball practice . They were on Pease Street near East 3rd Street when she said suddenly she heard gunshots and hear her daughter cry out .
“ I thought she was playing , I did n't know she really got shot until I see the big hole in my window , ” she said .
Web Extra : GoFundMe Set Up For The McKenzie Family
Police said the eighth grader was no the intended target — a chilling statement for those gathered at her memorial on Sunday .
“ She 's just in the car , you know it could 've been anyone . I could be riding with my son that same route , ” Dorotie Bereen said .
The 6 ft tall McKenzie was a rising athletic star . Her basketball coach said she dreamed of playing at UConn and in the WNBA .
On Monday , her coach and all who knew her wanted to know who took those dreams away .
“ I know there 's somebody out there who knows something . Please catch this person , please find out what happened , ” coach David Newton said .
Police believe a 28-year-old man may have been the intended target . He too was hit by gunshots and is in the hospital , but sources told CBS2 he was not cooperating with police to help find the killer .
National security adviser Michael Flynn , one of Donald Trump 's closest associates during the campaign and transition , resigned his post Monday night after admitting he misled administration officials about his contacts with the Russian ambassador in December . Here is a timeline of the events :
February 2016 : Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , the former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , tells CNN he is advising five campaigns , including Trump 's . Over the ensuing months , reports call Flynn “ Trump 's favorite general ” and say he is one of the top candidates to be named as vice president on the Republican ticket .
July 18 : Flynn speaks on Monday night of the Republican National Convention . During his speech he leads “ Lock her up ” chants directed at Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and says , “ If I did a tenth of what she did , I 'd be in jail today. ” Earlier that day , Flynn does an interview with Yahoo News ' Michael Isikoff in which he defends taking a payment for a Russian speaking engagement :
Nov. 17 : Isikoff reports that Flynn was receiving classified national security briefings last summer while he was also running a private consulting firm that offered “ all-source intelligence support ” to international clients .
Nov. 18 : Flynn accepts Trump 's offer to become his national security adviser .
Dec. 14 : The Washington Post and Associated Press report that Flynn had been investigated for inappropriately sharing classified information with foreign military officers while serving as an intelligence commander in Afghanistan . The Army reports concluded that Flynn had wrongly shared some intelligence , but that it was “ not done knowingly. ” No action was taken .
Dec. 29 : President Barack Obama announces there will be sanctions against Russia for its involvement in the 2016 election . On the same day those sanctions are announced , Flynn speaks with Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak by telephone . Initially , transition officials say Flynn texted with and spoke by phone with the ambassador on Dec. 28 , but multiple members of the transition team confirm to NPR on Jan. 14 that that version of events was inaccurate and the two spoke on Dec. 29 .
Dec. 30 : Russian President Vladimir Putin says he will not respond to the Obama administration sanctions . “ Although we have the right to retaliate , ” says Putin in a statement , “ we will not resort to irresponsible ‘ kitchen ' diplomacy but will plan our further steps to restore Russian-US relations based on the policies of the Trump Administration . ”
Trump praises the decision :
Great move on delay ( by V. Putin ) – I always knew he was very smart ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 30 , 2016
Jan. 13 , 2017 : On a conference call with reporters , transition spokesperson and White House press-secretary-to-be Sean Spicer gives the transition 's account of Flynn 's discussion with the Russian ambassador : “ The call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after he was sworn in , and they exchanged logistical information . That was it , plain and simple . ”
Jan. 15 : In an interview with CBS News ' John Dickerson , Vice President-elect Mike Pence says he spoke about the matter with Flynn , who had not brought up sanctions when speaking with the Russian ambassador . Pence : “ But what I can confirm , having spoken to him about it , is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions . ”
Jan. 20 : Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States , and Flynn officially becomes national security adviser .
Jan. 23 : CBS News reports that federal investigators are looking into at least one phone call between Flynn and Kislyak .
Jan. 26 : Per a Washington Post report , Acting Attorney General Sally Yates tells White House counsel Donald McGahn that Flynn misled administration officials about his discussions with Kislyak and warns that he is potentially vulnerable to Russian blackmail .
Jan. 30 : The White House fires Yates for refusing to defend the executive order banning immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries .
Feb. 8 : Flynn tells the Washington Post in an interview that sanctions did not come up in his discussions with Kislyak .
Gabaraane is Stanbic Bank Zambia 's new Chief Executive
Stanbic Bank Zambia has announced the appointment of Leina Gabaraane as the bank 's new Chief Executive , taking over from Charles Mudiwa who has been assigned similar duties in Kenya .
Stanbic Bank Zambia board chairperson Dr Austin Mwape said Gabaraane , a Botswana national , brings with him vast leadership and corporate experience , having served as Chief Executive of Stanbic Bank Botswana over the past nine years . He joined Stanbic Bank Botswana in 2007 as Deputy Managing Director and was later promoted to Managing Director in 2008 . Gabaraane will take over effective January 18 , 2018 .
“ We are extremely happy to welcome Mr Gabaraane , who has performed very well in Botswana over the years . Stanbic Bank Zambia has undergone a huge transformation over the past few years , growing from strength to become one of the best banks in the country . Our vision in the medium term is to become one of the most profitable operations of the Standard Bank Group in Africa and we have no doubt that Mr Gabaraane will be equal to the task to steer the bank to greater heights . We look forward to working with Mr Gabaraane , ” said Dr Mwape .
Gabaraane joined the Standard Bank Group in 2002 as Principal Business Development Officer ( Projects ) at Stanbic Investment Management Services ( SIMS ) , a subsidiary of the Standard Bank Group , and excelled through the ranks to Executive Director at SIMS in 2004 .
He started his career at Botswana Development Corporation in 1995 , which he joined as Assistant Operations Officer responsible for business development , project evaluation and monitoring . Gabaraane currently sits on the boards of Stanlib , Liberty Life and the University of Botswana Foundation .
He holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Botswana and a Masters of Business Administration on International Banking and Finance from the University of Birmingham .
The future of U.S. homebuilding depends on more people like Cyndicy Yarborough , a 26-year-old former Wal-Mart clerk with no background in construction .
At Blueprint Robotics in Baltimore , she works in a factory that builds houses like cars , on an assembly line , using robots that fire thousands of nails into studs each day and never miss . Yarborough operates a machine that lifts floors and walls and packs them onto a flatbed truck , the final step before delivery to a development site where they 'll be pieced together .
“ I like being a part of something new , on the cutting edge , ” said Yarborough , a single mother who took the job at Blueprint last May .
For all the concern over automation removing jobs from the workforce , companies like Blueprint are actually helping to ease a labor shortage that has crimped construction of residences and commercial properties across the country . The plants enable developers to fill the gap by having houses and apartment buildings manufactured off-site , for less money and in a fraction of the time . Even Marriott International Inc. , the world 's biggest hotel operator , is increasingly turning to modular construction for some of its properties .
Learn how our state of the art robotics help precisely prepare your walls on our wall line . https : //t.co/Bonz0jqdfz pic.twitter.com/zq5epfNSRN — Blueprint Robotics ( @ BlueprintRoboUS ) August 15 , 2016
Giant Legos
To meet growing demand , high-tech plants are opening , and older factories that were shuttered after the last decade 's real estate crash -- many in areas such as rural Pennsylvania , where labor costs are cheap -- are being revived . Builders hire the factories to manufacture homes in sections , which are transported on trucks , then laid down on foundations by cranes , like giant Legos . Sometimes the modules are fully framed rooms , complete with tile showers and gourmet kitchens .
“ This has to be the wave of the future -- I do n't know how we solve the labor shortage otherwise , ” said John Burns , an Irvine , Calif.-based homebuilding consultant . “ What drives modular construction is the ability to build the house more cost-effectively . ”
U.S. homebuilders say the labor crunch is their biggest challenge , and that it 's pushing costs up as much as 5.2 % on average , according to National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo surveys last year . President Donald Trump 's proposals to crack down on undocumented workers may further squeeze the industry , one heavily dependent on immigrant labor .
The idea of transporting homes in prefabricated sections has roots in the early 1900s , when homesteaders could buy kits from a Sears , Roebuck & Co. catalog for assembly on their newly acquired plots of land . In the 1980s and 1990s , it became increasingly popular to build lower-cost homes in factories , according to Gary Fleisher , who runs a blog for the industry called Modularhomecoach.com .
Another 1st for modular hotel construction about to roll out of our factory . A Hampton Inn headed to # SanJose CAhttps : //t.co/dBTzJEs9ib pic.twitter.com/P4ZlFapEYI — GuerdonModular ( @ GuerdonModular ) January 25 , 2017
Today 's plants are capable of producing bigger buildings with more elaborate designs . The Blueprint factory in Baltimore is one of the first in the U.S. to use robots , Fleisher said . Taller multifamily buildings , dorms and hotels are increasingly being manufactured indoors . And so are mansions that sell for millions .
“ Some builders wo n't even advertise they work with modular companies like us , ” said Myles Biggs , general manager of Ritz-Craft Corp. 's Pennsylvania construction facility . “ You could be driving past a modular home and not even know it , because it looks just like one next door . ”
Ritz-Craft can deliver a single-family house in six to eight weeks , on average . Having an indoor facility means weather delays are rarely a factor . Each worker is given a narrow concentration , like tiling floors or sanding drywall , which increases production speed . People without any background in construction can become skilled laborers in two weeks , according to Biggs .
Marriott 's Plans
The idea is catching on with Marriott , which aims to have agreements with North American developers this year to produce about 50 of its Select branded hotels in factories , said Karim Khalifa , senior vice president of global design strategies . In December , Marriott opened a Fairfield Inn in Folsom , Calif. , with 97 rooms -- all built at a Guerdon Enterprises LLC plant in Boise , Idaho .
Last month , a collection of Marriott hotel rooms was getting wood-framed walls and ceilings at a Champion Homes factory in Liverpool , Pa . Even the beds and televisions will be in place before the boxes are shipped through stretches of highway and stacked in Chapel Hill , N.C. , next month .
“ What we like is how well modular is built , ” Khalifa said . “ These things have all been designed to be transported . They have the integrity of a shipping container . ”
Apartment developers , too , are increasingly going with modular construction , especially in fast-growing cities such as Denver and Nashville , Tennessee , said Rich Rozycki , head of Champion Homes ' commercial division , which has seen its pipeline grow 50 % since 2014 . The company also has had discussions with national homebuilders looking for a solution to their labor problems , he said .
Cheaper Labor
Labor costs are more favorable for factory construction , according to David Reed , vice president of Champion 's modular division . Workers make about $ 15 to $ 20 an hour in rural Pennsylvania . That compares with $ 50 to $ 100 an hour in the markets the manufacturers serve , like New York 's Hudson Valley , and the Washington , D.C. , area , Reed said .
Builder Kris Megna works with Champion to create houses as large as 10,000 square feet ( 930 square meters ) in the pricey suburbs of Boston . Megna , 31 , who founded Dreamline Modular Homes in 2010 , said almost any custom design is possible , even though the modules ca n't be much bigger than 60 feet by 16 feet ( 18 meters by 5 meters ) . Walls between sections can be knocked down for open-concept kitchens , and cutouts can create vaulted ceilings , he said .
“ The house is 60 % complete when it arrives , and that means 60 % of the headaches of building are gone , ” Megna said .
Industry Stigma
For less-expensive homes with smaller margins for developers , transportation costs can eat up the savings of going modular . Federal restrictions also limit the size of each box , or section of home being moved , which can mean more on-site construction . There 's also the stigma , modular manufacturers say , that connects them to the industry 's oldest relative .
“ Often when we exhibit a model home at trade shows , I will hear comments like ‘ This is nice for a trailer , ' ” said Biggs of Ritz-Craft . “ Our homes are far from it , and in many ways higher-quality than those built on site . ”
There does n't seem to be any stigma for customers of Connecticut Valley Homes , a builder that assembles factory-made components on lots in New England , including near the stately mansions of Greenwich . The East Lyme-based firm is “ booming at moment , ” with deposits for 42 houses , up about 50 % from the same time last year , said Dave Cooper , senior building consultant . The company built only eight homes in 2011 , when the housing market was hitting bottom .
“ Coming out of the recession , the labor pool is just lacking , ” Cooper said . “ Kids are not going to construction trade school any more -- they 're all playing on their computers . ”
Blueprint 's Robots
That is n't necessarily a problem for Jerry Smalley , chief executive officer of Blueprint , the Baltimore factory . He 's even taking well-trained electricians and plumbers with decades of experience and putting them in front of computer screens . The company 's German-made robots are more precise than humans could ever be , using techniques that Western Europeans have employed for years , according to Smalley .
“ Robots cut the hole , ” he said . “ But somebody still has to put the electrical box and pipes in the right places . ”
Instead of displacing workers -- a usual side effect of automation -- Blueprint 's machines are creating opportunities for people like Yarborough , who would n't otherwise be a part of the homebuilding industry . On the factory floors , 29 production workers are operating machines that cut , sand , drill and insulate . A milling center with several different options for blades , caged in safety glass , gets to work after an employee -- no hard hat needed -- uploads a file that tells it exactly what to do .
Yarborough said she 's not interested in learning more about traditional construction . Before joining Blueprint , she took a free , six-month course on computer numerical control machines , available only to unemployed or low-income adults .
“ I 'm more interested in the engineering side , ” she said , adding that she 'd like to be a part of the team that generates the design maps used by robots on the factory floor . “ I want to end up upstairs . ”
By Prashant Gopal and Heather Perlberg
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
WAYS TO HELP To donate to help Catholic Charities Atlanta continues the work of serving refugee families , go to give.catholiccharitiesatlanta.org/ donate-now . If interested in volunteering time , opportunities available include academic mentoring , refugee youth mentoring , and English language instruction . Visit the volunteer page for full details at catholiccharitiesatlanta.org/ volunteer/ . Since 1953 , CCA has provided help and created hope for more than 1 million people in need in Atlanta and north Georgia . For information about Catholic Charities , visit catholiccharitiesatlanta.org or call 404-920-7759 .
ATLANTA—Catholic Charities Atlanta ( CCA ) is expressing deep concern about the recent “ Executive Order on Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the U.S. , ” signed by President Donald Trump .
This order immediately halts the national refugee resettlement program for all refugees and dramatically reduces the ceiling for all refugee arrivals to 50,000 for the government 's current fiscal year . The order bans all Syrians from the U.S. refugee program indefinitely .
As a Catholic Charities agency , CCA welcomes refugee families who come to the United States to start their lives again in safety and dignity . Welcoming vulnerable refugee families , regardless of nationality or religion , is closely tied to both the Catholic and American identities .
The U.S. resettlement program has historical underpinnings in the actions of the Catholic Church and other faith communities . Churches , synagogues and other faith communities continue to stand in partnership to help refugees of all faiths find safety and hope as they start lives as new Americans . Refugee resettlement is the living embodiment of the religious commitment to “ welcome the stranger . ”
Vanessa Russell , CEO of Catholic Charities Atlanta , reminds all that “ the Catholic Church believes that immigrants and refugees are among the most vulnerable in our society . Many of our brothers and sisters are being persecuted because of their faith . They deserve our care and protection . ”
The U.S. provides this care and protection through the Refugee Act of 1980 . Refugees are the most rigorously screened migrant population coming into America . This screening happens before they ever set foot in the country . With the security measures currently in place , law enforcement and the U.S. Department of State are ensuring the public 's safety and protecting the tradition of welcoming those fleeing violence .
In addition to the protection the refugee program offers , it brings in new community residents who are contributing members of society . Ninety-four percent of refugees participating in Catholic Charities Atlanta 's early self-sufficiency program are paying their own bills and taxes less than 180 days after arriving in the United States .
Georgia welcomes nearly 3,000 refugees each year and those refugees contribute to the state 's economy and to communities in significant ways . They work in the state 's most vital industries including hospitality , food processing , and manufacturing .
The world is facing the worst refugee crisis since World War II . According to the UNHCR , the United Nations ' Refugee Agency , there are 21.3 million refugees worldwide , and over half are under the age of 18 . Less than 1 percent of the refugees are resettled in a third country like the United States each year . The dramatic reduction in U.S. refugee admissions recently announced decreases that number even further .
In his address to Congress in September 2015 , Pope Francis reminded all to “ treat others with the same passion and compassion with which we want to be treated . Let us seek for others the same possibilities , which we seek for ourselves . Let us help others to grow , as we would like to be helped ourselves … The yardstick we use for others will be the yardstick which time will use for us . ”
Catholic Charities Atlanta remains in solidarity with those the agency serves .
Russell urges the public not to forget the words inscribed on the Statue of Liberty , the nation 's most iconic symbol of freedom : “ Give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . ”
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump 's American Manufacturing Council , saying , `` I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville , Va. , over the weekend . The president , famous for his ability to be direct and forceful , was faulted for condemning violence `` on many sides . ''
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier 's withdrawal , Trump retorted on Twitter , `` Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices ! ''
In a statement on his resignation , Frazier said , `` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal . ''
Frazier , who is African-American , said he was acting as both the CEO of Merck and `` as a matter of personal conscience . ''
The rift did not seem to harm Merck 's stock : The drug company 's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading , to nearly $ 63 .
Members of his own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday 's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism . The White House later stated that Trump was including `` white supremacists , KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups '' in his remarks about the violence .
Frazier 's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January .
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord , both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left his business advisory council .
Months earlier , in February , Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump 's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries .
`` The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America , '' Kalanick said at the time .
Getty Image
John Wall and Drake are friends , which makes for a fun subplot for the Washington Wizards ‘ first round series against the Toronto Raptors . Wall is a star for an underdog Washington squad , while Drake is kind of like the unofficial mascot for the Raptors , as the Toronto-born entertainer is a fixture in courtside seats at games .
Like all friends , there are moments of tension between the two , although at the end of the day , both guys understand that they 're in good fun . An example of this came while the Raptors were up 2-0 in the series and successfully defended their home court , and Wall claims he was on the receiving end of some smack talk from Drake .
“ I told him to be here for Game 3 , ” Wall told the media on Monday , per Ohm Youngmisuk of ESPN . “ He told me he was going to be here . He did n't show up . He told me we were getting swept . He said he had the broom for us . ”
Wall says that he understands the smack talk was all in good fun , but at the same time , the Wizards understand that the focus is on getting one back during Game 5 in Toronto . They have the momentum in the series right now , and if Washington can travel to Canada and get a leg up in the series , we 're sure Wall will throw some lighthearted shade in Drake 's direction .
A teenager was killed and a woman was injured after a package exploded at an East Austin home on Monday morning , ABC News reported .
A teenager was killed and a woman was injured after a package exploded at an East Austin home on Monday morning , ABC News reported .
Authorities increase reward offer to $ 100,000 for information leading to arrest of suspect in package bombings
Authorities increase reward offer to $ 100,000 for information leading to arrest of suspect in package bombings
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . A police vehicle blocks a road leading to the scene of an explosion , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas .
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . A bomb detecting unit walks along a street near the scene of an explosion , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas .
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . FBI agents work the scene of an explosion in Austin , Texas , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas ' capital late Sunday , after three package bombs detonat ...
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Interim Austin police Chief Brian Manley , center , talks to the media after an explosion , early Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in Austin , Texas . The area around the explosion site has been blocked off and authorities are interviewing neigh ...
( Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP ) . FBI agents meet at the scene of an explosion in Austin , Texas , Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas ' capital late Sunday , after three package bombs deto ...
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - The Latest on the bombings in Austin , Texas ( all times local ) :
3 p.m .
Police had asked residents living near the site of the latest Austin explosion to remain in their homes until 2 p.m. - but an hour later , the area was still on lockdown .
Police chief Brian Manley said earlier Monday that although officers did n't find anything suspicious in the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country , investigators were still collecting evidence .
Sunday night 's explosion occurred around 8 p.m .
But it was unclear when police would give the all-clear for residents to leave their homes .
Authorities say Sunday night 's bombing differed from three package bombs earlier this month but may be the work of a serial bomber .
Also , Gov . Greg Abbott announced he was releasing $ 265,000 in state funds to Austin police and state authorities investigating all four bombings .
___
1 p.m .
The PGA Tour , which is staging the Dell Match Play Championship in west Austin this week , says its security advisers are collaborating closely with law enforcement to try to ensure the safety of players and fans .
The PGA said Monday that it does n't comment on the specifics of its security measures , but that the safety of players and fans is its top priority .
Austin has been the site of four bombings this month , including one Sunday night that was triggered by a tripwire and seriously injured two men . The first three attacks used package bombs left on people 's doorsteps . They killed two people and injured two others .
Authorities believe the attacks are the work of a serial bomber .
___
12:40 p.m .
Those who live in the Austin neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings injured two men are expressing a mix of fear and other emotions , including surprise and confusion .
Laura McGinnis , who lives in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin , said Monday that Sunday night 's attack is frightening but that it has n't personally affected her yet . However , she says the bombing and three others elsewhere in the city this month make her wonder why the bomber has n't been caught .
Adam McGinnis , who also lives in the neighborhood , says he was reading on his back porch Sunday night when he heard what sounded like a large gun blast . He says he figured it must have been a transformer that blew and did n't realize it was a bombing until his wife told him Monday morning .
Authorities say they believe all four blasts are the work of a serial bomber . The attacks have killed two people and injured four others .
___
12:10 p.m .
An FBI investigator says he hopes the latest bombing in Texas ' capital city is n't the bomber 's way of reaching out to law enforcement .
Authorities have been calling on the person or people behind this month 's string of bombings in Austin to let them know the reasons for the attacks .
Christopher Combs , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio division , told The Associated Press on Monday that investigators are looking for a dialogue with the bomber . He notes that the stakes `` went up a lot '' on Sunday with the bomber 's use of a tripwire . Two men were seriously injured .
Combs , who is investigating the Austin attacks , says , `` The bomber has obviously shown us that he has the ability to make more complex devices , to hurt more people , to be more random . And that 's not good . That why we need to talk to the bomber about what is going on . ''
___
11:45 a.m .
Authorities say the latest bomb to go off in the Texas capital of Austin was anchored to a metal yard sign near a hiking trail and equipped with a fishing line-thin tripwire .
Frederick Milanowski , the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , said at a news conference Monday that the wire or filament that detonated the bomb Sunday night would have been very difficult to see .
Two men received significant injuries in the blast . Authorities say that although it is different from the three package bombings that killed two people and injured two others elsewhere in the city this month , they believe they are all the work of a serial bomber or bombers .
Milanowski says investigators have received more than 500 leads since the first bombing on March 2 and they are looking at several persons of interest .
___
11:20 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says officers have completed a sweep of the neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings occurred and deemed it safe , but he asked those who live there to remain indoors until 2 p.m .
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although officers did n't find anything suspicious while canvassing the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country , investigators are still collecting evidence .
Authorities say that although Sunday night 's bombing differed from three earlier this month , they believe they were the work of a serial bomber or bombers . Two men received significant injuries in Sunday 's attack . It apparently involved a bomb placed alongside a fence and a tripwire that the men triggered while walking their bikes between the fence and a street .
The first three attacks used package bombs left on people 's doorsteps . Those attacks killed two people and injured two others .
___
11 a.m .
Authorities are urging the public to provide surveillance video that could assist in the investigation into the string of bombings in the Texas capital of Austin .
During a news conference Monday , police Chief Brian Manley asked homeowners and others to forward video to investigators that might offer insight into the bombing Sunday night or three earlier this month .
The latest explosion injured two men in their 20s who were riding or walking their bicycles through a neighborhood in southwestern Austin . The earlier blasts killed two people and injured two others and happened in other parts of the city .
Authorities say the device that detonated Sunday featured a tripwire and was left near a road , while the prior bombings involved packages left on people 's doorsteps .
___
10:50 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says the four bombings that have killed two people and injured four others in Texas ' capital city this month is believed to be the work of a serial bomber .
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that Sunday night 's explosion that injured two men marks a `` significant change '' from the first three because it was triggered by a tripwire that would have hit any random person walking by it . The first three attacks were carried out with package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
Manley says as investigators search for a pattern in the attacks , they will try to determine if there is a specific ideology motivating them .
The attack Sunday happened in a southwestern Austin residential neighborhood that is n't close to the sites of the first three attacks .
___
10:25 a.m .
Authorities have called on the person or people behind the bombings in Austin , Texas , to reach out to the police to let them know why they 're setting off the explosives .
Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday that it 's too soon to say whether Sunday night 's bombing that injured two men could have been a response to his call for those behind the bombings to reach out .
Manley says investigators see `` similarities '' between Sunday night 's bomb and three others this month that killed two people and injured two others . But he says Sunday 's differed in that it involved a tripwire whereas the others were package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
Frederick Milanowski , the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , says the latest bomb is `` more sophisticated '' because it used a tripwire .
___
10:15 a.m .
Authorities say investigators see `` similarities '' between the latest bomb to detonate in Texas ' capital city and three bombs that went off earlier this month .
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although the bomb that injured two men Sunday night seems linked to the three previous ones , the latest bomb involved a tripwire and those three were package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
Frederick Milanowski , the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , says the latest bomb is `` more sophisticated '' because it used a tripwire .
Manley says the two victims are men ages 22 and 23 and that they are hospitalized in stable condition with significant injuries .
Both men are white , as opposed to the victims of the three prior bombings , who were black or Hispanic . Those attacks killed two people and injured two others .
___
9 a.m .
Austin 's mayor says growing anxieties are `` legitimate and real '' following the fourth bombing in the city this month .
Mayor Steve Adler told The Associated Press on Monday that residents should n't think twice about calling 911 if they see anything suspicious . A blast occurred Sunday night in a neighborhood far from the sites of the three package bombings in Austin this month .
Police have n't confirmed the latest explosion , which injured two men who were riding or pushing bikes , is related to the first three , but they 're looking into the possibility .
Authorities say Sunday 's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed a different level of skill from previous blasts . Adler says the concern now is that `` the methodology has changed . ''
___
8:30 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says the two men injured in the most recent bombing in Austin were riding or pushing bicycles when the explosives detonated .
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' on Monday that Sunday night 's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed `` a different level of skill . '' The attack differed from three earlier blasts in Austin this month , which were caused by package bombs left on people 's doorsteps .
The men injured in Sunday 's blast were white , unlike the victims of the first three bombings , who were black or Hispanic .
Authorities have cordoned off the neighborhood where the bomb went off Sunday night and have warned residents to remain indoors while officers check for anything suspicious .
___
8:20 a.m .
The University of Texas ' campus police force is warning students returning from spring break to be aware of the four recent bombings to hit Austin , saying , `` We must look out for one another . ''
In a tweet Monday , UT Austin police said , `` When you get on campus this morning ASK your friends if they 've heard about the bombings . TELL them about the incidents . ''
It also urged students to report suspicious items to the authorities . Classes were resuming Monday after a week off .
A blast triggered by a tripwire in a residential neighborhood Sunday night injured two men . Three previous package bombs detonated in different parts of the city since March 2 , killing two people and injured two more .
None of those incidents were close to the university 's sprawling campus near the heart of Austin .
___
8 a.m .
Austin 's police chief says the latest bombing to hit the city was detonated by a tripwire , `` showing a different level of skill . ''
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' on Monday that both of the men injured in Sunday night 's blast are white , unlike the victims in the city 's three previous bombings this month , who were black or Hispanic .
Sunday night 's explosion happened in the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country . The three previous bombings happened two-plus weeks in residential neighborhoods east of Interstate 35 , which divides the city .
Authorities have warned Travis Country residents to remain indoors until 10 a.m. as police scour the area for anything suspicious .
___
7:25 a.m .
Police have warned residents near the site of the latest explosion in Austin to remain indoors and to call 911 if they need to leave home before 10 a.m .
Authorities say Sunday night 's explosion in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin injured two men and may have been triggered by a tripwire . The police chief repeated his warning to residents not to touch or approach suspicious packages .
Investigators are trying to determine whether the blast is related to three package bombings this month in other parts of the city that killed two people and injured two others .
Austin 's school district announced that buses would n't be going into the Travis Country neighborhood .
Authorities had already offered $ 115,000 in rewards for information leading to an arrest in the first three bombings .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
STACEY VANEK SMITH , HOST :
People in Charlottesville are remembering the 32-year-old woman who died yesterday at a counterprotest following a white supremacist rally . Today , police identified her as Heather Heyer . As we mentioned , she was killed when a suspected white supremacist allegedly drove his car into a crowd of people . Mallory Noe-Payne from member station WVTF has the story .
MALLORY NOE-PAYNE , BYLINE : At the site where Heather Heyer died , people came all day , delivering candles , notes of sympathy and flowers . Heyer worked in Charlottesville as a paralegal . Leaving work Friday with her friend and co-worker Courtney Commander , they debated whether to go to this weekend 's rally at all .
COURTNEY COMMANDER : She said to us many times , like , I want go so bad , but I just do n't want to die . I 'm so scared because these people are so serious . And she was the only one that lost her life . I just feel so bad .
NOE-PAYNE : Commander says , while Heyer had never protested before , she always spoke up .
COMMANDER : Heather denounced any type of discrimination , not just racism . She stood up for gay rights and - just anything that she felt like was wrong , she stood for .
NOE-PAYNE : Heyer grew up just north of Charlottesville . Justin Marks first met her in high school .
JUSTIN MARKS : She had the biggest sense of humor , her wit was unparalleled , she could debate anyone under the table , and she had an answer for everything . She was just awake .
NOE-PAYNE : Back at the memorial site , Abby and Eric Carter drove an hour to deliver a handmade bouquet . He did n't know Heyer , but he was still emotional .
ERIC CARTER : She 's all of us . We know - I mean , the people who are here right now who are coming and driving by slowly , paying homage . This is all of us . This is America .
NOE-PAYNE : 19 other people were injured in the incident that killed Heyer . James Fields , the alleged driver , has been charged with murder and has his first appearance in court tomorrow . For NPR News , I 'm Mallory Noe-Payne in Charlottesville . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
“ Binge watching ” is a term associated with multiple practices of serial narrative consumption afforded by digital infrastructures . This paper tracks the normalization of the term “ binge watching ” in the press . I look at the archives of the New York Times , Atlantic , Wall Street Journal , Daily News , New York Post , Slate , and the criticism of several prominent journalists from the 1980s to 2016 to trace the phrase and its evolving social relevance . I find that for journalists , the episode , not the hour is the fundamental unit of the “ binge watch ” . Journalists participated in the construction of “ binge watching ” as an all-consuming experience that takes place at the expense of daily life . At the same time , they contradicted this construction by using the term to represent practices of serial media consumption that fit seamlessly within existing patterns of work and leisure .
WINNIPEG — Police in Winnipeg say they were already considering a potential vehicle attack as they planned security for Jets fans looking to party downtown during the NHL playoffs .
Insp . Dave Dalal says attacks such as the one in Toronto on Monday are becoming more common , and Winnipeg police are prepared to keep fans at the so-called Whiteout street parties safe .
Police have said there were 36,000 people downtown when the Jets clinched a first-round victory against the Minnesota Wild .
Dalal , who is special events commander , says large trucks parked at the four street entrances to the party are there to keep crowds safe .
So is the increased police presence at the party site near the MTS Centre where the Jets play .
Dalal says police are ready for when the Jets take on the Nashville Predators in the second round of the playoffs .
`` We 've been mindful of this type of threat and that 's why you 've seen the large vehicles parked there , '' Dalal said Tuesday . `` We 've seen these threats worldwide . The reason that they 're so prolific is that they 're hard to prevent and they 're easy to carry out .
`` Our intent is to make sure that everybody who 's down celebrating has a safe environment to do so . Part of that is ensuring there are no vehicles that will either deliberately or inadvertently get through . ''
There are also security measures in place to protect fans walking to the Whiteout parties , Dalal said , but he would n't comment on specific operational tactics .
`` People will see street closures to prevent vehicles from accessing the area . You 'll see officers at various points leading into the area as a visible presence , '' he said .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Bucks forward Jabari Parker is set to return to the court Friday against the New York Knicks , nearly a year after being sidelined with the second major left knee injury of his career .
Milwaukee said Monday night that Parker was medically cleared , making the announcement during the second quarter of its 107-95 victory against the Philadelphia 76ers .
Parker tore his left ACL on Feb. 8 , 2017 , against Miami . At the time , he was averaging a career-high 20.1 points and 6.2 rebounds as one of the franchise cornerstones .
Parker tore the same ACL in December 2014 , ending his rookie season after 25 games . Milwaukee selected Parker with the second overall pick of the 2014 draft .
The return of Parker comes at an important time , about a week before the NBA trade deadline . The Bucks are also trying to reassert themselves as a contender in the East following the firing of coach Jason Kidd .
___
For more NBA coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
After publishing a series of cryptic teaser videos last week , The Knife announced today that they 'll be releasing a live concert film , album and book , shaped around the group 's 2014 tour behind their last record , Shaking The Habitual . The Live At Terminal 5 tour retrospective will be released via Rabid Records on September 1st .
Speaking in an interview with Pitchfork , Karin and Olof Dreijer reflected on the tour which saw the duo expand their ranks to an eleven-piece band , a choice that like their iconic masks , was meant to place less focus on the artists themselves and create a unique performance experience .
Karin explained their intent was less about fooling the audience , and more a drive to perform with a larger ensemble . “ I understand we played with some people 's need to find out who 's who—we thought that was very funny , but it was n't our focus , ” she says . “ It was more of a side effect of wanting to perform as a collective . ”
On the subject of whether the band had any plans for new material , Olof said “ not now , but we never know . I 'm so busy producing the music of my friends , so we will see what happens . ”
No track list has been revealed for this new release yet , but the film , album and book are all available to pre-order here .
One-of-a-kind instruments made for the tour will be auctioned off on the band 's website , with proceeds going to the No One Is Illegal Network , an organization that “ works to provide practical support to people who are forced to live undocumented after having had their applications for asylum refused ” worldwide . Auctions will begin on August 30th .
Check out the trailer for the new concert film up top .
French President Emmanuel Macron shook up his two-day visit to Nigeria with a stop at the New Afrika Shrine , a concert hall founded by the late music legend Fela Kuti where partying Nigerians gather , though the usual gyrating dancers and marijuana were absent .
Macron , who was an intern in Nigeria at age 23 , used the colorful evening at the Lagos nightclub to launch the 2020 Season of African Cultures in France .
`` What happens in the shrine remains in the shrine , '' Macron said to cheers from the crowd .
The French leader also held talks with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari on security in Africa 's Lake Chad and Sahel regions as the extremist threat grows from Boko Haram and groups linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State organization .
`` We have to increase the pressure and operations against jihadists . France will remain present in the Sahel as long as necessary , '' Macron told reporters . France 's Barkhane in West and Central Africa is its largest overseas military operation .
Nigeria , Africa 's most populous country , has faced the Boko Haram insurgency since 2009 , with more than 20,000 people killed and thousands abducted .
Ishola Williams , a retired Nigerian military general , told The Associated Press that despite gains in international cooperation to fight extremism , `` such terrorist acts like suicide bombings will remain a key challenge . ''
Macron 's visit also highlighted economic issues , with a $ 475 million agreement signed for France to fund projects in three Nigerian states including Lagos , the commercial capital .
On Wednesday , the French president was inaugurating an Alliance Francaise cultural center in Lagos and meeting young Nigerian entrepreneurs .
———
Follow Africa news at https : //twitter.com/AP—Africa
The rally of the French far-right candidate Marine Le Pen , which brought together more than 5,000 people here , was interrupted twice by two topless feminists , a media report said .
On Monday , with a bouquet of flowers , the first woman jumped onto the stage where Le Pen was delivering her speech , before the security services of her party , the National Front ( FN ) , came in , Efe news reported .
“ Leftist militants are on their toes . They attack the only female candidate who defends women , ” Le Pen said when she resumed her speech .
Minutes later , another woman jumped onto the stage where the TV cameras were , interrupting Le Pen 's speech again .
“ Some people have trouble hearing the truth . It would have been better if she stayed . She could have learned something , ” Le Pen said amidst applause from the audience , while the security guards took the young woman away .
The day before , left-wing militants had attempted to ban this rally , which was one of Le Pen 's biggest in the French capital , clashing with the law enforcement agencies that protected the place , although the rally finally took place on Monday under tight security measures .
Le Pen stressed her main lines of policies at the rally , although she pushed particularly hard on immigration issues .
The right-wing candidate said that if she won the French presidential elections , she would impose a “ moratorium on all legal immigration ” to “ stop this delirium that is sinking us . ”
Le Pen presented herself as the only candidate fighting “ against rampant and uncontrolled globalization . ”
“ These elections , ” she said , “ are a referendum between those in favour of France and those who are against it . ”
IMPA
This week in This Week In Posters , we begin with Pixar 's Coco , featuring little Richie Valens over here rocking out for all the townsfolk , those both alive and dead . As always , the dopey doggy is stealing the show getting a tongue full of street corn . I still do n't know why we even bother with human characters in animation , but otherwise it 's a pretty good poster . Lots of mustaches .
[ all posters via IMPA ]
Y'know , if I did n't know any better , I 'd say that 's the same photo with different heads . But surely no one would be that lazy . pic.twitter.com/4JP5EAjbLs — Scott Wampler™ ( @ ScottWamplerBMD ) August 11 , 2017
This poster did n't come out this week , but I thought it was worth including , for obvious reasons . Look , the director of Snitch knows what he knows , okay ?
IMPA
This is not only a strong poster for The Death of Stalin , it 's also a power move . It says “ I can put Buscemi , Palin , and Tambor in my movie and the director 's name and concept will still be more important . ”
I 'm sure we 'll get some terrible floating head designs closer to release , but for now this is awesome .
IMPA
I honestly could n't figure out what the hell was going on with this poster for The Foreigner until I saw the next one with Jackie Chan . Apparently both faces are Pierce Brosnan 's , one angry and one… uh… content ? You know , it turns out emotions this subtle do n't really play in posters . His right side kind of looks like Bryan Cranston .
IMPA
I was so busy trying to figure out what I was looking at in the last poster to notice the debris exploding out of the characters ' heads , which is admittedly pretty boss . It 's like the designer of The Foreigner poster took two of the most pervasive poster clichés — the pointlessly diagonal horizon line and action movies have lots of debris flying everywhere — and combined them into something much stranger and cooler .
IMPA
“ Rock out with your glock out ” sounded so familiar ( kind of obvious pun ) that I Googled it . Turns out it 's not only been put on a t-shirt but was the name of a special edition DVD of Cop Out . Which is not especially something you 'd want to remind people of , but that 's assuming the writers of Gun Shy ‘ s tagline thought about it for more than five seconds , which I doubt . On another note , what the sweet hell is going on with his left hand up there ?
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The White House says the United States `` condemns the violence and repression propagated by the Government of Nicaragua . ''
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders says in statement that the administration `` joins the international community in calls for broad-based dialogue and support for the people of Nicaragua , who yearn for the political freedom of expression and true democratic reforms they so richly deserve . ''
Nicaragua has been rocked by a week of protests in which over two dozen people have been killed . The protests were triggered by tax hikes and benefit cuts meant to shore up the ailing social security system .
On Sunday , President Daniel Ortega said the government would withdraw the pension changes . But he rejected demands to free detained protesters , withdraw the police and lift some censorship .
An airline pilot is facing charges in Canada after police say he was found by his co-pilot passed out in the cockpit of a Boeing 737 before it was set to take off .
Calgary police say the gate crew as well as crewmembers on the aircraft indicated that Miroslav Gronych was behaving strangely ahead of his scheduled flight Saturday . Sgt . Paul Stacey says the co-pilot later found the 37-year-old captain `` slumped over in the seat '' of the airliner .
The pilot was escorted from the plane and charged with having a blood-alcohol level above .08 and controlling an aircraft while impaired . Police allege Gronych had three times the legal amount of alcohol in his system .
Sunwing Airlines calls it `` a very unfortunate matter . ''
The Mexico-bound plane later took off with another pilot .
The East Baton Rouge Parish Clerk of Court has received a report from the public that its office name and phone number were recently involved in a scam soliciting money owed on a retail store account .
`` The person who contacted us indicated that she received a phone call that appeared to be from our office and was then transferred to another number . She then spoke to someone claiming to be from a financial group who gained her email and instructed her to make a payment to what turned our to be a post office box at a mail rental facility , '' said Clerk of Court Doug Welborn .
Using fake phone numbers and P.O . boxes is classic tool of scam operations . The Clerk of Court 's Office encourages everyone to be aware of these potential scams and says they do not engage in any collection efforts by phone or email on their own behalf or on behalf of outside parties . The Clerk of Court 's Collections Department handles only money owed lawsuits and only communicates with attorneys through written communication .
`` Our office is never involved in any collection efforts to members of the public and any phone calls or email attempts to individuals soliciting payments may immediately be considered suspect . We urge any members of the public that are contacted in this manner to contact our office , as well as an applicable law enforcement agency , immediately , '' said Welborn .
The Clerk of Court 's Office can be reached at 225-389-3950 or by email at info @ ebrclerkofcourt.org .
RELATED STORIES : Is this a scam ?
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
MILAN ( AP ) — Financial markets have calmed amid signs that Italy may avoid imminent elections after President Sergio Mattarella gave two populist parties time to figure out whether they can agree on an alternative to a euroskeptic economy minister .
The leader of the 5-Star Movement , Luigi Di Maio , has proposed moving the contested ministerial candidate to a different Cabinet post . League leader Matteo Salvini , meanwhile , said he is n't closing the doors on any solution . But he 's also showing some resistance to the change , saying `` if someone in Berlin or Paris wakes up in a bad mood that does n't mean that an Italian minister gets kicked out . ''
Mattarella gave the leaders time to form a coalition government after markets plunged on news of an interim administration that would take Italy to new elections .
The sense of horror was palpable on the streets of North Kensington this morning . It was n't just the smoke and soot in the air or the shriek of sirens and buzz of helicopters overhead , but the people themselves . In every shop , at every school gate and on every street corner , the residents of West London spoke of only one thing : The fire at Grenfell Tower .
At the time of my writing this , the blaze is still burning . So far , 12 people have been reported dead and 68 more are injured . Police say the number of dead and injured is expected to rise .
The blaze , which is reported to have started on the building 's fourth floor just before 1 am local time this morning , was biblical—the sort of rampaging inferno that instantly evoked memories of this area 's slum-riddled past , when impoverished residents , many of them new immigrants from the West Indies and North Africa , would regularly watch their derelict tenements succumb to fire due to poor safety standards .
But those days are long gone and Grenfell is now managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization , a government body that manages the social housing for the poorest residents of London 's richest borough . The question on the streets of North Kensington today was : Is the local authority of today any better than the slumlords of the past ?
According to witness accounts , the fire is believed to have started on the fourth floor and may have been the result of a faulty kitchen appliance . Footage shows the flames travelling up the outside of the building at a ferocious rate , causing speculation that it may have been exacerbated by the building 's new exterior cladding—the result of a recent refurbishment in 2016 .
Other residents have reported that there were no sprinklers or alarms and that no evacuation procedure was carried out—and very quickly , of course , it was far too late . The Grenfell Tower , like all state-owned London tower blocks , has an official “ stay put policy ” in case of fire , which stipulates that residents should stay in their homes unless there is fire in their flat . The reasoning is it allows firefighters better access to the stairs—but if the building is a tinderbox ( as seems to be the case with Grenfell ) , the policy is tantamount to a death sentence .
Within half an hour , witnesses say the fire had consumed much of the building . In the end , over 200 firefighters struggled to control the blaze . But it was sadly to little avail . The footage is appalling and the eye-witness accounts are worse . On the BBC and elsewhere , there were stories of trapped residents blinking their lights on and off for hours as a desperate signal to emergency services . There were countless tales of people trying to lower themselves out by crafting makeshift parachutes and ropes out of bed sheets . There were stories of parents throwing their children off balconies as their homes were consumed in flames . One baby was reportedly dropped off the tenth floor by a frantic mother and caught by a man on the ground .
Resident Samira Lamrani told The Daily Telegraph , “ People were starting to appear at the windows , frantically banging and screaming … Us members of the public were reassuring them , telling them that we 've phoned 999 but obviously the look on their faces was death . The more I looked up , floor upon floor . Endless numbers of people . Mainly the kids , because obviously their voices , with their high-pitched voices—that will remain with me for a long time . They were screaming for their lives . ”
At Latymer Christian Centre just north of the scene , families of Grenfell residents , many wearing face masks because of smoke inhalation , hugged each other and wept . Others wandered through the crowd in their pyjamas looking dazed . One young woman could be overheard asking , “ Have you seen my Nan ? Have you seen my Nan ? ” People recognized each other and embraced . Others sat alone on the pavement , clearly in shock .
Local volunteers were handing out bottled water and platters of sandwiches . Inside , tables were heaped with clothing , food and toiletries donated by local residents . A woman rattling a bucket outside said she 'd collected £1000 in cash in the last hour alone .
The Grenfell Tower was built in 1974 as part of the British capital 's vast social housing scheme . It comprises 170 flats and houses roughly 500 people . Despite a refurbishment last year , residents associations had warned the block constituted a serious fire risk .
In a blog post published late last year , The Grenfell Action Group warned that they believed “ only a catastrophic event will expose the ineptitude and incompetence of our landlord , the KCTMO , and bring an end to the dangerous living conditions and neglect of health and safety legislation that they inflict upon their tenants and leaseholders . ”
While today North Kensington is widely known for the colourful multi-million-pound mansions of nearby Notting Hill and the fruit stalls of Portobello Market , the area is also home to some of London 's poorest residents , many of them new immigrants and most people of West Indian or North African heritage .
Royal Kensington and Chelsea , London 's richest borough , is home to most of the city 's billionaires , many of whom are not domiciled in the U.K. and as such pay minimal property tax and no tax on their worldwide income . The royal family , which owns several palaces in the borough , is also officially tax exempt .
Until last week , Kensington and Chelsea had been a Conservative stronghold but in what many regard as the most startling outcome of the recent election , Labour narrowly won the seat . The historic upset was viewed as the result of local residents voicing their dissatisfaction over Brexit , but there is another issue now at play here : The Tory government 's nearly decade-long policy of austerity and deep cuts to social spending and its effect on local authorities like the one that manages Grenfell Tower .
London as a city is no stranger to economic inequality , but the story of Grenfell is a particularly chilling one . The sense on the streets here in North Kensington is that something needs to change , and soon .
If there is a moral to the tragic tale of Grenfell Tower it would be this : If you want to keep your family safe in London , do n't be a poor immigrant living in a semi-derelict tower block in the middle of the city 's richest borough surrounded by billionaires and aristocrats who are essentially tax exempt .
It 's no fairy tale , but there it is .
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( AP ) — Authorities are awaiting autopsy results to determine what caused the death of a transgender woman who was in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Federal authorities say the 33-year-old woman from Honduras died early Friday at an Albuquerque hospital , where she was admitted after showing symptoms of pneumonia , dehydration and complications associated with HIV .
The woman was identified by activists as Roxana Hernandez . They say she was part of a caravan of Central American migrants that traveled to the U.S. border through Mexico .
Federal authorities listed her name as Jeffry Hernandez and said she was first detained May 13 in San Diego . She was later transferred to El Paso , Texas , and then to a detention center in western New Mexico where she was housed in the transgender unit .
Muslim residents observing Ramadan have been hailed as heroes after they helped save many sleeping neighbours from the horrific Grenfell Tower fire .
Residents who had stayed up for Sehri ( pre-dawn meal ) saw the inferno break out just before 1 am .
After sensing the smoke smell about an hour after midnight Tuesday , the fasting Muslims came out of their homes and began running around , frantically knocking on neighbours ' doors to wake them up , the Daily Mail reported on Thursday .
They were dubbed a “ lifeline ” in helping to get people out of their flats even as fire alarms and sprinklers failed to work in the west London block , the daily reported .
Khalid Suleman Ahmed , who lived on the eighth floor of Grenfell Tower , said : “ No fire alarms went off and there were no warning . I was playing PlayStation waiting to eat suhuur when I smelt smoke .
“ I got up and looked out of my window and saw the seventh floor smoking . I woke my auntie up , then got clothes on and started knocking on neighbours ' doors . ”
Rashida , a resident , told Sky News how fasting Muslims may have saved lives in the tower block as many of them were awake .
“ Most Muslims now observing Ramadan will normally not go to bed until about 2 am , maybe 2.30 am , when they have their late night last meal . They do their last prayer .
“ So most of the families around here would have been awake , ” she said .
Nadia Yousuf , 29 , also said that Muslim residents were among the first to alert neighbours to the blaze as they woke up to prepare to break their fast .
A number of Islamic cultural centres and mosques like the Al-Manaar Mosque opened their doors to help those affected .
The nearby St. Clement 's and St. James ' church and local Sikh temples also opened their doors to people who were evacuated .
A woman near the scene told reporters : “ If it was n't for all these young Muslim boys around here helping us to come from the mosque , a lot more people would have been dead .
“ They were the first people with bags of water giving to people and helping , running and telling people . ”
Andre Barroso , 33 , told The Independent : “ Muslims played a big part in getting a lot of people out . Most of the people I could see were Muslim . They have also been providing food and clothes . ”
Twenty people are fighting for their lives in a critical condition with 78 people taken to six different hospitals across London .
Mr. Shelby , who has said he would write in an unnamed Republican rather than vote for Mr. Moore , is one of the few elected G.O.P . officials in the state to openly abandon their party 's embattled Senate nominee .
Mr. Jones was less voluble when it came to another last-minute turnout tactic : an automated phone call that former President Barack Obama recorded for his campaign . Mr. Jones 's advisers are deciding today whether to deploy the message to help mobilize Democrats . Mr. Jones appeared unenthusiastic about highlighting the involvement of an out-of-state figure who is locally polarizing .
“ I know that there have been a lot of robocalls that have been recorded — I do n't know what 's being used , ” Mr. Jones insisted .
The tight race is all the more extraordinary by the standards of Alabama , where no Democrat has won an election for Senate or governor in almost 20 years . A Fox News poll published on Monday found Mr. Jones with a 10-point lead over Mr. Moore , but other recent polling has found Mr. Moore ahead , and private Democratic polling shows a closer race .
Photo
Still , Republicans and Democrats agree on the basic dynamics of the campaign : If Mr. Jones can turn out young people and African Americans , and peel away a chunk of Republican-leaning whites — particularly women — who recoil from Mr. Moore , then he has a chance to win . Otherwise , the state 's conservative D.N.A . is likely to kick in and rescue Mr. Moore from tribulations of his own making .
The Republican candidate has not held a campaign event in a week , and has only infrequently appeared in public since a series of women came forward to allege that he had pursued them sexually while they were young teenagers .
Mr. Moore is scheduled to emerge from his relative seclusion on Monday evening , with a rally in Midland City , a town of a few thousand people in the state 's rural southeastern corner . If Mr. Jones manages to run up a significant lead in the state 's urban and suburban areas , Mr. Moore will be counting on stronger turnout from his largely evangelical base in smaller communities .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr. Moore 's rally appears aimed at driving those voters to the polls . He is scheduled to appear alongside Stephen K. Bannon , the former aide to President Trump , and Representative Louie Gohmert of Texas . Both are well known to activists , largely through their prominence in conservative media , though neither has close ties to Alabama .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Should Mr. Moore prevail on Tuesday , it will probably be the backing of a different out-of-state supporter — Mr. Trump himself — that was most influential in the last days of the race . While Mr. Trump has not visited Alabama , he has tweeted repeatedly in support of Mr. Moore and recorded an automated phone message that was going out to Republican voters .
Mr. Trump provided Mr. Moore with a crucial seal of approval among conservatives at a moment of crisis for his campaign , effectively offering reassurance to Republicans who were uneasy about Mr. Moore 's scandals that it was acceptable to vote for him . At a rally last Friday just over the border in Florida , Mr. Trump hailed Mr. Moore as critical to enacting a “ ‘ Make America Great Again ' agenda ” in the Senate .
But Mr. Moore , for his part , has plainly struggled to deliver such a pointed closing message , and the most visible public remarks from Mr. Moore and his campaign have been focused in the main on denying allegations of sexual misconduct .
The charges against Mr. Moore broke into the headlines again on Monday morning , when one of the women whom he is said to have dated as a teenager , Debbie Wesson Gibson , rebuked him in an interview with NBC News . “ He is unfit for public service , at the Senate level , in this nation , ” Ms. Wesson Gibson said of Mr. Moore , describing him as a “ creeper . ”
Mr. Moore has continued to maintain that he did not date teenagers when he was in his 30s , and has denied sexually abusing a 14-year-old girl .
On Monday morning , Mr. Jones ridiculed Mr. Moore for effectively going underground at the most intense moment in the race . He mockingly alluded to reports that Mr. Moore attended the Army-Navy football game in Philadelphia .
“ Here I am once again , surrounded by this gaggle , which I 've come to love and enjoy , while Roy Moore was not even in the state of Alabama over this weekend , ” Mr. Jones said , adding : “ When is the last time you 've heard of a candidate for statewide office leave the state ? ”
In this Dec. 10 , 2016 photo , Syrian refugee Ahmad Alkhalaf smiles while playing with friends during a day camp for local Muslim children in Sharon , Mass . `` Anything is possible in this world . You just have to believe in yourself , '' says Ahmad , whose arms were blown off above the elbows in a refugee camp bomb blast in 2014 , which also killed three of his brothers . ( AP Photo/Charles Krupa )
SHARON , Mass . ( AP ) — Ahmad Alkhalaf has had a busy year .
He attended Democratic President Barack Obama 's final State of the Union address as a special guest of a congressman . He learned to bike and rollerblade , took martial arts and gymnastics classes and spent his summer playing soccer and swimming in a lake at a day camp in the Boston suburbs .
And he received his first pair of prosthetic arms after his were blown off three years ago in a refugee camp bomb blast that also killed three of his siblings .
But as the 11-year-old Syrian boy looks to another year in his adopted home , he says his dream is to be reunited with his mother and four surviving siblings , who are living in Istanbul .
`` I want my mom to come here , '' he said on a recent Saturday as he kicked around a soccer ball in a park . `` I feel like I 'm losing her . It 's been too long . I ca n't take it anymore . ''
Ahmad 's father , Dirgam Alkhalaf , said those hopes largely hinge on whether Republican President-elect Donald Trump follows through on his pledge to curtail the flow of Syrians and Muslims to the U.S .
Alkhalaf has applied for asylum and hopes to petition for the rest of the family if he and Ahmad are permitted to stay .
`` I can only be hopeful he 'll do the right thing , '' Alkhalaf said of Trump through an interpreter . `` No matter what people say , I 'm optimistic . ''
Trump transition team officials did n't return emails seeking comment on the family 's case .
Alkhalaf said he ca n't return to Turkey after renouncing his temporary residency status there . Returning to Syria , where the Sunni Muslim family lived just outside the battle-scarred city of Aleppo , also is n't an option .
`` There is nothing left in Syria for us . Our home is destroyed ; the government is out to get us , '' he said , referring to Syrian President Bashar Assad 's regime , which he says conducted the 2013 bombing . `` I 've got nowhere to go if the U.S. does n't want me . ''
The father and son have been living among a rotating group of Muslim families since their arrival in June 2015 on a medical visa for Ahmad .
Alkhalaf works as a security guard at a mosque after receiving his work permit in July . He hopes to take his driver 's license exam soon .
The emotional strain of separation has taken its toll on the family , Alkhalaf said .
His youngest son in Turkey has developed asthma-like problems , his wife is being treated for high blood pressure and Ahmad does n't always sleep well , a problem that started with night terrors following the bomb blasts .
`` Emotionally , I 'm drained , '' Alkhalaf said . `` If we were all together , I think a lot of us would feel better . It 's half the battle . ''
Ahmad talks with his mother often and knows she 's struggling to provide for his siblings . The family largely lives off the charity of the Muslim community in New England and what Alkhalaf can send from his wages .
Ahmad said he tries to perk his mother up by telling her about the new things he 's experiencing .
`` I try to make her happy , but it 's hard , '' Ahmad said .
He enrolled in the fourth grade this past fall at a school in the Boston suburbs . He is awaiting a more advanced pair of prosthetic arms . And he hopes to join a soccer team this spring .
Officials at Heights Elementary say Ahmad 's stresses have n't appeared to affect his schooling . If anything , they say , they 're impressed with how quickly he has embraced his new environment , where he is receiving physical and occupational therapy , one-on-one reading and math help and other support .
`` He really wants to talk to people and understand things on many levels , '' said Holly Geiger , Ahmad 's teacher . `` He 's not shy , and I think that 's helped . ''
Supporters have purposely jam-packed Ahmad 's schedule , said Nabil Jalal , a Sharon resident who is among those helping Ahmad and his father .
As Ahmad ran off to join an arts and craft session , Jalal worried what the new year might bring .
`` You ca n't have one parent and not the other , no matter how good the life is here , '' Jalal said . `` There 's a big missing part . ''
___
Follow Philip Marcelo at twitter.com/philmarcelo . His work can be found at http : //bigstory.ap.org/journalist/philip-marcelo .
Geordie television host Ant McPartlin is stepping down from his television commitments and will head back to rehab following his arrest on suspicion of drink-driving on Sunday .
Saturday Night Takeaway , which McPartlin hosts with presenting partner Declan Donnelly , will not air this weekend as scheduled .
McPartlin 's publicist said in a statement : `` Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments .
`` He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future . As such Saturday Night Takeaway will not be going ahead this Saturday . ''
An ITV spokesman said : `` ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec 's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend .
`` We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series ( March 31 and April 7 ) which would not feature Ant , who is taking time off to seek treatment .
`` We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs . ''
McPartlin , 42 , originally from Newcastle , was involved in a collision with two other cars while he was driving his Mini in Richmond , west London , and was arrested at around 4pm on Sunday after failing a roadside breathalyser test .
A Metropolitan Police spokeswoman said that he was `` taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation '' and that inquiries continue .
Police previously confirmed that a number of individuals were treated at the scene for minor injuries , and a child passenger from one of the cars was taken to hospital to be checked as a precaution .
It marked the latest in a string of personal setbacks for the star , who works as Ant and Dec with Donnelly .
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015 .
He returned to screens in November for I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! and jokingly mentioned his rehab stint along with his TV partner .
In January , McPartlin confirmed that he and his wife Lisa were separating after 11 years of marriage .
At the National Television Awards a few days after the split , McPartlin referred to his `` tough year '' while picking up the presenting prize with Donnelly .
For years the Niagara region has been known for its wineries , but recently the focus has shifted as the legalization of marijuana approaches . The city 's mayor is welcoming a conference dedicated to the production of pot .
“ The Niagara region is obviously the greenhouse capital of Canada , and there are a number of cannabis producers already located in the Niagara region . ”
Friday and Saturday , The Scotia Bank Convention Centre in Niagara Falls will host over 90 cannabis industry experts and 100 exhibitors , all eager to talk pot . Among the supporters is the city 's mayor Jim Diodati , who also opened the Grow-up Cannabis Conference & Expo with a message of support for the flourishing industry .
Cashing in on that opportunity is Niagara College . Last month announcing it would offer the country 's first post-secondary program on pot production .
In 9 months the Federal government is set to legalize marijuana nationwide but the question of how it will be sold remains unclear . With the provincial government announcing a controversial plan to restrict sales to stores run by the LCBO .
LISTEN : Eight months , 35 games , 20,000 miles . It 's the ultimate soccer road trip , and Steve Bernasconi is just crazy enough to take it on . The 25-year-old will start Feb. 25 in Tampa , Fla. , and end Oct. 15 at StubHub Center in Carson , Calif . But how is he pulling this off ? Why is he doing it in the first place ? ExtraTime Radio got the intrepid soccer fan on the phone to find out what The Soccer Tour is all about and how you can be a part of it when Bernasconi comes through your city ! You wo n't want to miss any shows leading up to opening day , so be sure to subscribe on iTunes !
Is Steve Bernasconi crazy ? Maybe . The 25-year-old self-described soccer nut understands why you might think that .
Later this month , Bernasconi will hit the road for eight months to take in 35 soccer games in the United States in Canada , including games in all 22 MLS stadiums , in the process traveling more than 20,000 miles to experience the game he loves in the flesh . He 's calling it The Soccer Tour , and it very well could be the first-ever trip of its kind .
“ That 's part of the motivation behind doing it , ” Bernasconi told ETR . “ … Something this long , that traverses the entire continent and stops in every MLS stadium , I do n't think anything like that has ever been done . ”
Of course , there 's a reason nobody else has attempted this sort of prolonged North American soccer vagabond existence before . It 's a serious commitment , and it promises to hit a few bumps along the way .
Ahead of the first stop in Tampa for a preseason match between the Rowdies and Montreal Impact , Bernasconi is busy packing his parent 's minivan with clothes , supplies , a cooler and a cot ( just in case ) . His plans call for help from fellow soccer fans along the way . It 's all about community , but we know what you 're thinking . And so does Steve .
“ I think they all think I 'm crazy , ” he said . “ I think they 'd be crazy not to think that . ”
Listen to the full interview above and subscribe to ExtraTime Radio on iTunes for more awesome soccer talk !
Want to follow The Soccer Tour 's journey across the US and Canada ? Follow-on Twitter and Instagram . Want to help Steve out during his trip ? You can lend a hand here .
DOWNLOAD THE SHOW | SUBSCRIBE ON ITUNES
Oil and gas production in the North Sea is forecast to grow by 5 % in 2018 , however low levels of drilling mean the outlook for future years is `` much more uncertain '' .
The industry body Oil and Gas UK published its latest Business Outlook report , showing production in 2018 could rise to the equivalent of 620 million to 640 million barrels of oil , up from 517 million in 2014 .
Rising oil prices meant revenues from the sector increased from £16 billion to £21 billion last year , making this the first year since 2013 that the UK Continental Shelf ( UKCS ) generated enough cash from sales to cover expenditure .
But the report highlighted a `` serious concern '' about the lack of drilling in the North Sea , with 94 wells started in 2017 , the lowest number since 1973 .
`` Development drilling has fallen by around 45 % in just two years , which is a particularly worrying trend for the future health of the basin , '' the report warned .
While Oil and Gas UK said a 5 % increase in production was expected in 2018 , it stressed the future outlook for the sector was `` heavily dependent on new fields coming onstream as planned and continued effective management of production efficiency on existing assets '' .
The report went on : `` The production outlook for the basin is much more uncertain post-2019 . The lack of new project approvals and the recent low level of development drilling in the last few years , means it is likely that the UKCS will return to a position of production decline during the early 2020s . ''
While the number of jobs supported by the industry fell from 315,000 in 2016 to 300,000 last year , the 4 % drop was the lowest for three years `` suggesting that companies are beginning to stabilise after tumultuous periods of restructure '' .
And a survey of Oil and Gas UK members found more than half ( 56 % ) of companies expect to expand their workforce in 2018 , with just 6 % anticipating further staff cuts .
In 2017 the UKCS produced the equivalent of 598 million barrels of oil - the same amount as it had in 2016 .
A small increase in production had been anticipated but the `` unexpected closure of the Forties Pipeline System due to a technical issue in the last few weeks of the year '' led to a dip in production in December .
Oil and Gas UK chief executive Deirdre Michie said : `` Our sector is leaner , more efficient and more optimistic than it has been in recent years and 2018 looks set to be a better year . ''
The downturn in the sector has made the UK oil industry `` better equipped to tackle the ongoing challenge of maximising production for the longer term and boosting profitability in the supply chain but without increasing overall project costs or damaging competitiveness '' , she added .
While Ms Michie insisted the UKCS was `` one of the most attractive mature basins in the world in which to do business '' , she also stated that many parts of the supply chain `` are still struggling with the impact of the downturn and have yet to benefit from any upturn in activity '' .
She said : `` It 's vital that we keep driving fresh thinking , innovative approaches and efficiency efforts .
`` The short-term outlook for our sector is more positive with new projects and new entrants bringing new life to the basin , but there are undoubtedly longer-term challenges .
`` We need more exploration if we are to get close to recovering the up to nine billion barrels of yet-to-find hydrocarbons on the UKCS , matched by a continuing focus on improving recovery from existing fields .
`` The investment decisions we make today are key to how much we produce in the years to come .
`` Oil and gas remain a vital part of the UK economy and will form most of our primary energy needs for many years to come .
`` As we move to a lower-carbon economy , the UK needs to meet as much of its domestic demand for oil and gas from indigenous resources as possible .
`` This will ensure security of supply , generate revenue for the Exchequer , support the supply chain and sustain hundreds of thousands of highly-skilled UK jobs .
`` The energy market is changing but we will remain relevant for many decades to come . ''
A spokesman for the Department of Business and Energy said : `` We welcome the industry 's confidence at the prospect of new investment decisions for developments in the North Sea . This Government 's commitment to the sector has directly contributed to making the North Sea globally competitive and more attractive to new investment opportunities .
`` The oil and gas sector will continue to play a significant role for the UK 's economic and energy security in 2018 , supporting more than 300,000 jobs and providing the UK with 46 % of its gas supply needs .
`` We are also working with the sector to build on the £2.3 billion worth of UK government support through our modern Industrial Strategy . ''
Scotland 's energy minister Paul Wheelhouse said : `` The oil and gas sector remains a key component of our energy system and our economy .
`` These figures , particularly in growth in investment and a further 5 % increase forecast for production in 2018 , are therefore very welcome .
`` While this will boost the supply chain , companies are still finding conditions tough at this time , so we will continue to press UK ministers to exercise their reserve powers to do more to stimulate exploration and attract fresh investment . ''
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — FBI says it has `` grave concerns '' about accuracy of classified memo from Republicans on House intel committee .
Carrie and Mike share only glimpses into their personal life which makes this video of Mike playing with their adorable son on the ice all the more special .
ask me if I 'm okay because I 'm definitely not . pic.twitter.com/S4auqtJba6 — ♡ ( @ homelessheartxx ) December 19 , 2016
Ten minutes , 74 hotdogs and an estimated 22,200 calories later , Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut is once again the undisputed chow champion . Today marked Chestnut 's 11th win at the annual Nathan 's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest in Coney Island . `` Seventy-four hot dogs -- I 've earned it , '' he said after the event in an interview with ESPN . Chestnut marked a new world record set using his signature style of stuffing two frankfurters down his throat at a time . `` This was a beautiful day . I love to eat and I tried to enjoy the food . `` For yet another year , the favorites in both the men 's and women 's categories -- Chestnut , 34 , and Miki Sudo , 33 , -- strutted off the stage after braving the broiling heat to brandish mustard title belts and oversized checks , proving they reign supreme when it comes to speed-eating encased meat.Chestnut , the current hotdog-eating world record holder from Vallejo , California , downed a whopping 74 weiners , dipping the buns in super-sized plastic cups of water during the 10-minute-long contest . Judges peered below and Nathan 's helpers stood by with paper plates loaded with more hotdogs.Chestnut said he had `` a vision '' for this year 's win , and seemed to be unfatigued after `` 10 minutes of work . `` `` I 'm going to keep riding the wave , '' he said of his carer on the competitive eating circuit.New Jersey native Carmen Cincotti finished second by eating 64 hot dogs . Third place finisher Darron Breedon got 43 frankfurters down.The Fourth of July event , considered by some to be the Super Bowl of competitive eating , also featured 74-year-old Rich `` The Locust '' LeFevre -- the oldest competitor in the contest 's 101-year history.In the women 's competition , Sudo , a native New Yorker by way of Japan and Hawaii , accomplished her goal to `` 5-pete '' the competition by gobbling 37 hot dogs and water-dipped buns in 10 minutes . `` I had a comfortable lead , and I left room to eat more for next year , '' Sudo told ESPN while hoisting her pink title belt.Sudo 's dad was in the crowd to watch her win . While her grand total was four fewer than her tally last year , it was nine more than the closest challenger , Michelle Lesco.Third place finisher Juliet Lee came in with just 25 .
One of the major benefits of using Microsoft SharePoint to create a central location where team members can collaborate on documents and other important tasks is file synchronization . Whenever a change in a document or other file is made in a SharePoint folder , it gets propagated to the cloud and every other device connected to that server . This important function is handled by the same syncing application that controls Microsoft OneDrive .
Unfortunately , there is more than one version of the OneDrive syncing app . This fact can sometimes create unnecessary and often frustrating confusion . Subscribers to Microsoft Office 365 have their version of OneDrive , while purchasers of the standalone version of Office 2016 are often using a version known as OneDrive for Business . Recently , Microsoft decided to remove some of the confusion by consolidating the syncing software into one version of OneDrive .
However , the transition to a single version of OneDrive has been , to put it politely , rough , which has caused even more confusion and frustration . As you can see in Figure A , I found myself in a situation where I had both the Office 365 OneDrive version and the OneDrive for Business version running at the same time . It led to major instability , long boot times , and general annoyance .
Figure A
Of course , as an Office 365 subscriber , it would be best for me to use just the Office 365 OneDrive . But getting rid of the older version is not as simple as uninstalling it . Removing OneDrive for Business requires a bit of trickery . Here is how I did it .
Getting OneDrive for Office 365
If you are using SharePoint with Office 365 , which is what I recommend , you want to be using the Office 365 version of OneDrive . The easiest way to get it is to log into the online version of SharePoint , navigate to the folder you want to sync , and then click the sync button . If you are not using the latest OneDrive software , the system will prompt you for permission to upgrade .
But before you do , be sure to synchronize all your documents so that what is online is up to date and what you want propagated across devices . After that , uninstall whatever OneDrive you have installed on your devices . This is your best chance for a clean installation of the software . If you do n't , you could end up like me—inadvertently running two versions of OneDrive .
SEE : 30 things you should never do in Microsoft Office ( free TechRepublic PDF )
Exorcising the ghost of OneDrive 's Past
If you do find your device is running two versions of OneDrive , you may find that clicking the inviting Uninstallation button in the Start Menu ( Figure B ) just does n't work . In my case , that link just took me to the application list , where the only OneDrive application that could be removed was the new version—there was no separate entry for OneDrive for Business .
Figure B
My assumption was that there were remnants of entries buried deep inside the Windows Registry that were continuing to call upon the old application . I tried changing the name of the old OneDrive app , but that just caused errors . My internet research suggested using a third-party app like CCleaner , but I was not sure which entries to delete and which to leave alone . Obviously , something else had to be done .
I decided to use the Group Policy Editor to try to reestablish the correct OneDrive parameters . Here are the steps to take .
First , right-click on the Windows 10 Start Menu and click the Command Prompt ( Admin ) menu entry . Type this application name at the prompt and press Enter :
gpedit.msc
That will open the Group Editor . Next , navigate to this entry :
Computer Configuration | Administrative Templates | Windows Components | OneDrive
You should see a screen similar to Figure C .
Figure C
Double-click Prevent The Usage Of OneDrive For File Storage to reach the dialog box shown in Figure D .
Figure D
Click the Enabled button , click OK , and reboot your device . When that reboot is complete , there should be no OneDrive application running and no icon in the system tray .
Now repeat the process but change the dialog box setting shown in Figure D back to Not Configured and reboot again . This little trick fixed my ghost in the machine problem and left me running just one version , the correct Office 365 version of OneDrive .
Smooth sailing
After I removed the extra version of the syncing software , SharePoint became more responsive , files no longer failed to sync for unexplained reasons , and the computer began booting in a reasonable amount of time . I finally feel like I can actually take advantage of SharePoint 's full range of features . If you are having problems with SharePoint or OneDrive , perhaps you should check to see whether you have more than one cloud icon in the system tray—you may have a conflict to sort out .
Get more Windows news , tips , and how-to 's delivered to your inbox . Sign up for TechRepublic 's Microsoft Weekly newsletter . Subscribe
Also read ...
Your take
Have you run into any issues with OneDrive syncing ? Share your advice and experiences with fellow TechRepublic members .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Former Attorney General Eric Holder will participate in a panel discussion on race .
Holder , the first black U.S. attorney general , served under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2015 . The panel discussion will be held at the Jimmy Carter Presidential Library in Atlanta .
The panel includes authors Michael Eric Dyson and Elizabeth Hinton , Black Lives Matter co-founder DeRay McKesson and Pulitzer Prize winner Douglas Blackmon .
The event co-sponsored by The Miller Center at the University of Virginia and is part of that institution 's First Year Project , which is described as a three-year initiative to develop bipartisan insight and recommendations for the first year of the new administration .
The hire wo n't necessarily change the state of affairs for Apple , which has had to make do without Lattner for months , but it 's a definite coup for Google . Lattner earned praise for Swift because it was fast , thoroughly modern , and ( most importanty ) accessible -- everyone from first-timers to seasoned programmers stands to benefit from it . Google could put that know-how to work making TensorFlow easier to use , or lowering the hardware demands so that AI runs more smoothly on phones and computers . There 's no guarantee that he 'll repeat his previous feats at Google , but the potential is certainly there .
Recently , Instagram also introduced the capability to take a portrait-like photo with a new Focus mode and began testing its version of Snapchat 's Snapcodes that let users follow someone else by scanning a custom tag rather than inputting their info .
The new bulk upload feature is rolling out now to Android users now . It will launch on iOS in the coming weeks .
The Orange County Health Care Agency , on Friday , Oct. 6 , confirmed the county 's first influenza case of the new flu season .
Influenza is a seasonal contagious respiratory illness , which could be caused by the influenza A or B viruses . Health officials say the best way to prevent the flu is by getting vaccinated .
Symptoms of the flu may include fever , cough , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , headaches , body aches , chills and fatigue . It is spread through droplets from coughs and sneezes .
The Health Care Agency will offer free seasonal flu vaccinations beginning Nov. 1 for those age 6 months or older who do n't have health insurance .
For information , visit ochealthinfo.com/flu or call the Health Referral Line at 800-564-8448 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through Friday .
Malaysian authorities are searching for suspects as they investigate the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's half brother .
Kim Jong-nam died after an apparent poison attack in the airport in the capital , Kuala Lumpur , on Monday .
His body is undergoing an autopsy . Few official details have been released .
South Korea 's acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn said if North Korea was found to be responsible , it would show its “ brutality and inhumane nature ” .
A woman from Myanmar has been detained at Kuala Lumpur airport as part of the investigation , Malaysian state news agency Bernama reported .
North Korea silent
Malaysia is yet to formally confirm that the dead man is Kim Jong-nam , as he was travelling under a different name , Kim Chol .
But the government of South Korea has said it is certain it is him . Its spy agency is said to have told lawmakers they believe Mr Kim was poisoned .
It would be the most high-profile death linked to North Korea since Kim Jong-un 's uncle , Chang Song-thaek , was executed in 2013 .
North Korea has not commented on the death but officials from the country 's Malaysian embassy have been visiting the hospital in Kuala Lumpur where Mr Kim 's body has been taken .
Mr Kim was attacked while preparing to board a flight home to Macau . His death was only made public on Tuesday .
The chief police officer of Royal Malaysian police , Datuk Sri Abu Samad , has said that a post-mortem examination is expected to be completed soon .
In response to reports that North Korea had asked to claim the body , he said there had been no official request .
Police are studying security camera footage from the airport . Images circulating in the media have focused on two women seen alongside Mr Kim , who were later seen leaving the scene in a taxi .
What happened ?
Kim Jong-nam was attacked at about 09:00 ( 01:00 GMT ) on Monday while waiting at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport for a 10:00 flight to Macau , Malaysia 's Star newspaper reports , quoting police .
Exactly how the attack unfolded is still unclear . Officials and witnesses have variously said he was splashed with a chemical or had a cloth placed over his face . Earlier reports spoke of a “ spray ” being used or a needle .
He died on the way to hospital .
Why the delay in identifying him ?
South Korean media named the victim early on Tuesday but the Malaysian authorities initially reported only the sudden death of an unnamed North Korean national who had fallen ill at the airport .
Police then released a statement which quoted the victim 's travel document identifying him as “ Kim Chol ” , born on 10 June 1970 . Kim Jong-nam is believed to have been born on 10 May 1971 .
It was not the first time Mr Kim had travelled under an assumed identity : he was caught trying to enter Japan using a false passport in 2001 . He told officials he had been planning to visit Tokyo Disneyland .
Who was he ?
The Tokyo incident is thought by some analysts to have spoilt Kim Jong-nam 's chances of succeeding his father , Kim Jong-il , who died in 2011 .
Bypassed in favour of his youngest half-brother for succession , Kim Jong-nam kept a low profile , spending most of his time overseas in Macau , mainland China and Singapore .
He later spoke out against his family 's dynastic control of North Korea and in a 2012 book was quoted as saying he believed his younger half-brother lacked leadership qualities .
But he had said he was not interested in assuming the leadership himself .
Was this an assassination ?
Unnamed US government sources have said they believe he was poisoned by North Korean agents .
The director of the National Intelligence Service ( NIS ) , Lee Byung-ho , told South Korean MPs that Pyongyang had wanted to kill Kim Jong-nam for several years , but that he was being protected by China .
Mr Kim was reportedly targeted for assassination in the past . A North Korean spy jailed by South Korea in 2012 is said to have admitted trying to organise a hit-and-run accident targeting him .
The secretive state has a long history of sending agents overseas to carry out assassinations , attacks and kidnappings . BBC News
08:57 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19 , 5777 , 15/02/17 Watch : how a Jewish refugee was saved from the holocaust Read more
Polish-Jewish refugee marries a vietnamese man whom ultimately saves her and her families life . ► ◄ Last Briefs
By Matt Citak
As sports fans , we sometimes take things for granted . It 's not entirely our fault . In this day and age , it just seems as if we 've just seen everything . So when something truly special happens , it does n't always attract the appreciation it deserves .
Such is the case for the amazing rivalry that has developed between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers over the last few seasons .
We have seen some mighty clashes over the years . There 's no denying that the competition during the 1980s between Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers and Larry Bird and the Boston Celtics was fierce .
From 1980-1989 , at least one of these two teams was represented in each NBA Finals . The Lakers took home five titles , while the Celtics managed to win three . Los Angeles and Boston owned the decade , but at the end of the era , these two legendary franchises only met in the championship three times in four years .
A look at rivalries in other sports reveals similar storylines .
The Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers lead the way for the NFL , having met three times in the Super Bowl . However these three match-ups occurred in 1976 , 1979 , and 1996 . You 'd have to go all the way back to the early 1950s , before the NFL-AFL merger , to find the same two teams vying for a championship in three consecutive years ( the Detroit Lions and Cleveland Browns , 1952-1954 ) .
> > MORE : NBA Coverage
In the NHL , you also have to turn back the clock to the early 50s , when goalies did not wear face masks , to find the sport 's latest and only trilogy . The Detroit Red Wings and Montreal Canadiens met in the Stanley Cup Finals from 1954-1956 . No two teams have done this since .
It 's been almost a century in MLB . The New York Giants and the New York Yankees are the only teams to meet in three straight World Series , and it happened from 1921-1923 .
Intense rivalries , at the highest level , do not happen often . This is why what the Cavaliers and Warriors have accomplished over the last few years is a truly spectacular .
For the first time in American sports history , two teams will go toe-to-toe in the championship for the fourth consecutive year .
But it did n't always look as if the Warriors and Cavs ' round-four matchup would happen .
Golden State dealt with injuries to all four of the team 's all-stars this season . Kevin Durant and Steph Curry sat out the most of the four , combining to miss 45 games during the regular season . Curry was also absent in the postseason until Game 2 of the Conference Semifinals .
Golden State then had to get past a Houston Rockets squad that led the league in wins and was structured to match up against this Warriors squad , which obviously was no easy task . They lost former Finals MVP Andre Iguodala in Game 3 , and found themselves down 3-2 — backs to the wall — heading into Game 6 .
But the Warriors battled and found a way to persevere , winning Games 6 and 7 to clinch their spot in the Finals .
Things looked even more uncertain in Cleveland this season . After Kyrie Irving forced his way out of town last summer , LeBron James was left with a rather weak supporting cast .
Upon struggling throughout the first half of the season , the Cavaliers shook things up at the trade deadline . Cleveland sent six players packing to various cities while infusing the team with some youth by acquiring Jordan Clarkson , Larry Nance Jr. , George Hill and Rodney Hood .
The Cavs finished the season as the Eastern Conference 's No . 4 seed , and needed seven games to get past the Indiana Pacers in the first round of the playoffs . Things also looked gloomy during the Eastern Conference Finals , as James and Co. went down 3-2 against the Celtics .
But as we 've seen many times before , James put Cleveland on his back and guided the team to back-to-back victories , even playing all 48 minutes in Game 7 .
LeBron has now scored 612 points in the 2018 playoffs , the most ever in a single postseason heading into the Finals . He needs only 148 points to break Michael Jordan 's record of 759 points in the 1992 postseason , and considering that he is averaging 34.0 points per game through the first three rounds , this seems like a realistic accomplishment .
So NBA fans , one year later , we are right back where we left off — Golden State vs. Cleveland , Round 4 . And everyone should be thrilled with this Finals matchup .
We must applaud what these two franchises have done over the last four seasons . We should enjoy watching five of the last six NBA MVPs who will play in this matchup .
And , most importantly , we should appreciate the moment , as we are watching something that has never been done before , and may never happen again .
We are witnessing American sports history .
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum . Follow him on Twitter .
The Governor says he was close with the two Virginia State Troopers who died over the weekend in a helicopter crash responding to violence in Charlottesville . More from WFIR 's Ian Price :
08-14 GOV-Troopers WEB-Wrap
Krissy shares details of a new writing group . Ed
Writing , whether short stories or a full-length novel , can be a lonely and difficult business .
Writers block , plot holes , misbehaving characters are just some of the struggles that every budding author will face . And then there 's the complex issue of getting your work published . Do you self-publish ? Start a blog or try the traditional route and get an agent first ?
It was a dilemma facing two friends in Freshwater , who decided the time was right to combine their skills and experience and create a group to help other budding writers .
The West Wight Writers group
Krissy Lloyd , founder of the new West Wight Writers group ,
“ I 've wanted to be a writer since I was about ten years old . I remember in middle school we were given an assignment to write about an old castle in the middle of the forest . I think most of the other children wrote a side of A4 . Mine was six chapters long ! “ I have a box full of stories and plot outlines and at least two unfinished novels which I have been working on for years . ”
But like many aspiring novelists , life got in the way . Having a child , going through a marriage break-up , a battle with depression and an anxiety disorder , meant that writing took a back seat for many years . But things are now looking brighter for Krissy .
“ Mentally I 'm feeling in a really good place now , thanks to the support of some amazing friends . Last year I took part in the Three Peaks Challenge for the West Wight Sports and Community Centre . “ It was the most difficult thing I have ever done , but it was a life-changing experience . Knowing that I had the inner strength to climb Ben Nevis , taking it just one step at a time , completely changed my outlook . I 'd put off my dreams for too long , so when I got back I picked up my notebook and started writing again . “ The idea for the West Wight Writers group came out of conversations with my friend Zoe Sadler . Zoe is a wonderful children 's book illustrator . She has been featured in several books , and in 2015 self-published her first picture book ‘ The Lighthouse Keeper – A Cautionary Tale ' by doing a crowdfunding campaign . She is also due to appear at this year 's Isle of Wight Literary Festival . “ Zoe has a background in publishing , having worked as a book designer and illustrator for a small London publisher . However , like me , she was frustrated at how difficult it is not just to get published through the traditional route , but getting your book noticed and creating sales . “ We realised there must be lots of other writers out there in the West Wight feeling the same , so why not create a group where we can all get together and support each other . ”
Joint knowledge
Between them , Zoe and Krissy have a lot of knowledge to share . Like Zoe , Krissy has experience of publishing through working as an assistant to a London literary agent .
“ Part of my job was reading through the slush pile . We had around 2,000 manuscripts sent to us every year , but very few of these were picked up by the agents — so I know just how hard it is to get published . But I am not going to let that stop me ! ”
Expertise now lies in PR and marketing
Having started out as a reporter for Isle of Wight Radio , a wide variety of careers followed and Krissy 's expertise now lies in PR and marketing .
“ The popularity of social media means that any author has direct access to their readers and can do their own marketing without the need to pay a PR company to do it for them . However , I have come across so many writers who just do n't know where to begin with it . “ Through the group , I hope I can give local writers some advice and pointers on what they can do . In return they can help me when I stumble into a big plot hole or when my inner critic starts whispering into my ear that my work is no good . ”
‘ The Rabbit Hole '
Once the idea of starting the group was formed , the next challenge was to find a venue . And there was only one choice ‘ The Rabbit Hole ' – the delightful tea shop and children 's book section of ‘ Mrs Middleton 's Bookshop ' in Freshwater .
“ We knew it would be the perfect place to hold our meetings , so we were thrilled when Gail said she would love to host us . ”
With the posters designed and the flyers printer , Krissy and Zoe are now busy spreading the word .
“ Though we are called the West Wight Writers , it 's not compulsory to live this side of the Island ! We welcome everyone , whether you are just starting out or are published . The important thing is that everyone is there to support each other . ”
First meeting
The first meeting is being held on Thursday 2nd March at 7pm .
It 's free but tea , coffee and cakes can be purchased from the tea shop .
“ If anyone wants to get in touch , you can find us on Facebook . We had 15 members within the first four days of the group going live , so we think it 's going to be popular ! ”
For more information , you can also contact Krissy at krissylloyd @ gmail.com or by phone 07900 538440 .
FILE - In this Jan. 19 , 2017 file photo , Treasury Secretary-designate Steven Mnuchin testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee . Mnuchin was confirmed by the Senate as Treasury Secretary on Feb. 13 . ( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on President Donald Trump 's Cabinet confirmations ( all times EST ) :
8:55 p.m .
Steven Mnuchin has been sworn in as the next treasury secretary .
Mnuchin ( mih-NOO'-chin ) took the oath of office in the Oval Office Monday night .
President Donald Trump says that Mnuchin spent his entire career making money in the private sector and now will go to work for the American taxpayer .
Trump says Americans should know that `` our nation 's financial system is truly in great hands . ''
Mnuchin was confirmed by the Senate late Monday despite strong objections from Democrats who said the former banker made much of his fortune by foreclosing on struggling homeowners during the financial crisis .
Republicans say Mnuchin 's background in finance makes him well qualified for the job .
___
7:53 p.m .
The Senate has confirmed physician David Shulkin to serve as secretary of Veterans Affairs in the Trump administration .
The vote Monday was 100-0 .
Shulkin is a former Obama administration official who had served as the VA 's top health official since 2015 .
He is the first non-veteran to lead the government 's second-largest department .
Shulkin has pledged a more modest approach to fixing the VA than had been suggested by Donald Trump on the campaign trail . The 57-year-old physician has ruled out wide-scale firings and privatization of the embattled agency as ways to reduce the length of time veterans must wait for medical care .
The VA has nearly 370,000 employees and an annual budget of nearly $ 167 billion .
___
7:30 p.m .
The Senate has confirmed Steven Mnuchin as treasury secretary despite complaints by Democrats that the former banker ran a `` foreclosure machine '' when he headed OneWest Bank .
The vote was 53-47 Monday night .
Republicans said Mnuchin 's long tenure in finance is an ample prerequisite for the Treasury job . Mnuchin is also a former top executive at Goldman Sachs .
Democrats complained that Mnuchin made much of his fortune by foreclosing on families during the financial crisis .
Mnuchin assembled a group to buy the failed IndyMac . He renamed it OneWest and turned it around , selling it for a profit in 2014 .
Mnuchin has said he had worked hard during the financial crisis to assist homeowners with refinancing so they could remain in their homes .
___
5:55 p.m .
Four Republicans on the Senate committee considering President Donald Trump 's nominee for labor secretary are n't saying publicly if they will vote for him .
It would only take three Republicans to derail Andrew Puzder 's nomination in the full Senate if every Democrat votes against him .
The four senators — Susan Collins of Maine , Tim Scott of South Carolina , Johnny Isakson of Georgia and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — have said they 're waiting for Puzder to answer questions at Thursday 's confirmation hearing before they make up their minds .
Collins on Monday also became the first Republican to say publicly that she is evaluating abuse accusations leveled three decades ago by Puzder 's ex-wife . Lisa Fierstein has since recanted , most recently writing to senators last month that the fast food executive was never violent .
___
2 p.m .
Mitt Romney is urging the Senate to confirm fast-food executive Andrew Puzder as President Donald Trump 's labor secretary .
The 2012 GOP presidential nominee said on social media that Puzder `` knows how hard Americans work , and how much that work means to them and their families . '' He said the CEO of CKE Restaurants Inc. would help create jobs by rolling back burdensome regulations on businesses .
Puzder 's long-delayed confirmation hearing is set for Thursday .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is leading the argument against Puzder , saying he would side with businesses over workers from atop the agency charged with enforcing workplace protections . She also said he would have potential conflicts of interest despite his plan to divest from CKE .
___
3:28 a.m .
The Senate is poised to confirm President Donald Trump 's pick for treasury secretary despite complaints by Democrats that the former banker failed to protect thousands of homeowners from unnecessary foreclosures .
Steven Mnuchin ( mih-NOO'-chin ) used to head OneWest Bank . He says he worked hard during the financial crisis to assist homeowners with refinancing so that they could remain in their homes .
Republicans say Mnuchin 's long tenure in finance is an ample prerequisite for the Treasury job .
Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts says Mnuchin is a Wall Street insider whose bank was `` a foreclosure machine . ''
The Senate is scheduled to vote on Mnuchin Monday evening . The Senate is also scheduled to vote on the nomination of David Shulkin to head the Department of Veterans Affairs .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — A Minnesota woman who led authorities on a weekslong manhunt after she allegedly killed her husband , then went to Florida and befriended — then killed — a woman who resembled her , is now facing charges in two states .
Lois Riess is in custody in Texas , awaiting transfer to Florida or Minnesota for trial . If the Florida charges against Riess are elevated to first-degree murder , she could face the death penalty .
Here are some details about how this case might unfold :
'COLD-BLOODED MURDERER '
Riess , 56 , killed her husband , 54-year-old David Riess , in late March , then forged checks to steal $ 11,000 from his account , according to authorities . David Riess 's body was found on March 23 at the couple 's home in Blooming Prairie , Minnesota , with multiple gunshot wounds . Lois Riess was gone .
The search for Riess began and seemed to intensify after another woman , Pamela Hutchinson , 59 , of Bradenton , Florida , was found dead in Fort Myers Beach on April 9 . Authorities said at the time that Riess targeted Hutchinson because they looked alike , then killed her to assume her identity .
Lee County Undersheriff Carmine Marceno said Riess was armed and dangerous and her mode of operation was to befriend women who resembled her , then steal their identity . He called her a `` cold-blooded murderer . ''
A national manhunt for Riess continued until she was arrested Thursday in the South Texas beach resort town of South Padre Island after someone recognized her at a restaurant .
___
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT ?
Riess is charged in Florida with one count each of second-degree murder , grand theft , grand theft of a motor vehicle and criminal use of personal identification information .
In Minnesota , Riess is charged with one count of felony theft . Authorities have said a second-degree murder charge is pending , but they are taking time to build the strongest possible case .
A judge in Brownsville , Texas , ruled that Riess could be extradited to either state for trial , and whomever picked her up first could take custody .
David Weinstein , a former federal and state prosecutor in Florida , said the Florida case seems to be farther along so it 's likely that Riess will head there first . In addition , the second-degree murder charge filed by way of an arrest warrant in Florida is going to weigh heavier than the theft charge in Minnesota . Weinstein said authorities in both states have to discuss the next steps together .
___
THE DEATH PENALTY
Florida is a death penalty state , while Minnesota is not . The death penalty is currently not a factor with the charges Riess faces , but that could change .
In order to seek the death penalty , Florida prosecutors must charge Riess with first-degree murder and that can only be done through a grand jury indictment . State Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Samantha Syoen said the office does n't discuss such matters .
Weinstein , who is not part of the case , said that from what he 's seen about Riess 's alleged plan to befriend Hutchinson , steal her identity and then escape , it seems authorities will move forward with a first-degree , premeditated , murder charge .
But that charge does n't automatically mean prosecutors will seek the death penalty , or that it would be imposed if she 's convicted .
Prosecutors have to evaluate aggravating and mitigating factors . Some aggravating factors for the death penalty include how a murder was planned and carried out , the manner of death , and whether the death was heinous , atrocious and cruel . Some mitigating factors that might weigh against the death penalty include the defendant 's age or mental health , Weinstein said .
___
SOME WRINKLES
The death penalty issue could be a factor as authorities discuss where Riess should face trial first .
One aggravating factor for the death penalty is a prior crime of violence . So , Florida prosecutors could theoretically opt to let Minnesota try its case first , get a murder conviction , and then use that conviction to bolster their argument for the death penalty , Weinstein said .
Pete Mills , chairman of the Florida Public Defenders Association Death Penalty Steering Committee , said prosecutors in Minnesota also might feel that the death penalty should n't be an option , so they might seek to try Riess first for that reason . They also might seek to bring her to Minnesota first so they can seek justice for family members there .
___
HISTORY OF THEFT AND GAMBLING
Riess has a history of stealing money and gambling , and authorities dubbed her `` Losing Streak Lois '' for her habit of frequenting casinos .
In 2012 , Riess was appointed conservator and guardian for her disabled sister , who has the cognitive level of a 10-year-old , according to court records . In a September 2015 affidavit , a social worker said she received a report that Riess transferred funds from the guardianship account to Riess ' own account , then spent some of the funds at a casino . Riess was never charged , but was directed to repay her sister , court records show . An attorney on the case said she has not .
During her time on the run , authorities said Riess gambled at casinos in Iowa and Louisiana , where she won a $ 1,500 jackpot on slot machines and used her own identification to claim the prize .
___
Associated Press writer Jeff Baenen contributed to this report from Minneapolis .
___
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of her work at : https : //apnews.com/search/amy % 20forliti
We 're always interested in hearing about news in our community . Let us know what 's going on !
Go to form
The first of bald eagles Liberty and Justice 's two eggs hatched on St. Patrick 's Day in their nest above the DC police academy . And now , the world watches closely anticipating the arrival of the second eaglet.Mom and dad are taking turns waiting for their next eaglet to start pecking through the egg.Their nest is located 110 feet up an oak tree at the Metropolitan Police Academy in Southwest Washington , DC.This will be the second eaglet to hatch in recent days.The Earth Conservation Corps is running a live camera from the eagle nest . `` Liberty , the female , has primary responsibility for incubating her eggs and caring for the young . Justice , the male , has the crucial job of catching fish and bringing them for his mate and hatchlings , '' said Earth Conservation Corps in a statement on its website.A naming contest is forthcoming , but details about it have not been announced at this time .
FILE PHOTO : Film producer Harvey Weinstein stands with his lawyer Benjamin Brafman ( L ) inside Manhattan Criminal Court during his arraignment in Manhattan in New York , U.S. , May 25 , 2018 . Steven Hirsch/Pool via REUTERS
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Movie producer Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on charges of rape in the first and third degrees , and criminal sexual act in the first degree , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement on Wednesday .
Weinstein 's indictment by a grand jury follows his arrest and court appearance last Friday . Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than 70 women , with some allegations dating back decades .
He has denied having had nonconsensual sex .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; editing by Grant McCool )
In a major victory for the Aam Aadmi Party government , the Supreme Court on Wednesday said that the Lieutenant Governor does not have the independent power of decision making in Delhi and the real power lies with the elected government , except land , bureaucracy and the police . The landmark verdict comes after AAP 's nine-day sit-in at the Lt . Governor 's home .
To resolve this , the apex court said that Lt and AAP ministers must resolve matters by dialogue and the relationship between the 2 must be amiable
After the indefinite protest , the Supreme Court on Wednesday , July 4 , pronounced its verdict on the tussle between the Lieutenant and Aam Aadmi Party government in Delhi . In a big win for Arvind Kejriwal , the apex court said that the Lieutenant Governor ‘ must not be obstructionist and must act harmoniously with the Delhi ' . A five-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra ruled that AAP government has the power in all except land , police and public order . The verdict comes an as a big victory for the democratically elected Arvind Kejriwal government , which recently launched a full-scale campaign demanding statehood .
Here are the 10 highlights of the development
1 . In other words the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi , Anil Baijal does not have the autonomy of decision-making and the real power must lie in the hands of the elected government . “ The state should enjoy freedom from unsolicited interference and popular will can not be allowed to lose its purpose , ” the court said .
2 Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra said that the cabinet must convey all the decisions to the Lieutenant Governor but his agreement is not required in all the decisions .
3 . Hailing the verdict of Supreme Minister CM Kejriwal said that it is a big victory for the people of Delhi and a big victory for democracy .
4 . Under the Indian Constitution , the Delhi government does not have the power over land , bureaucracy and the police . Besides this , the Lt. has to be guided in accordance with the elected government .
5 . The development brings us back to the tussle between Lt. and the AAP government . The latter went on a nine-day protest sit-in at the Lt Governor 's home . To resolve this , the apex court said that Lt. and AAP ministers must resolve matters by dialogue and the relationship between the 2 must be amiable .
6 . The verdict by the top court comes days after Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal accompanied by many AAP ministers went on a nine-day protest sit-in at the Lt Governor Anil Baijal home over ‘ bureaucratic impasse ' which was allegedly caused by IAS officers and demanded full statehood .
7 . The impasse came to light after allegations of Delhi 's top bureaucrat , Chief Secretary Anshu Prakash said he was attacked by AAP lawmakers at a meeting which was called by Kejriwal at his home in February .
8 . The AAP government had accused the Lt , who represents the centre , of abusing the state powers and blocking all decisions taken by the Delhi government .
9 . The strife came to light in 2015 when the BJP-led central government took the anti-corruption away from the state government . It also dropped a rule that required Lt 's consultation with the Delhi government on decisions relating to police , public order and bureaucratic appointments .
For all the latest National News , download NewsX App
Read More
For one thing , the star chosen for both the Arabic and English language covers is Bella Hadid , 20 , the American-Palestinian supermodel of the moment . The decision comes just months after Ms. Hadid 's sister Gigi appeared on the cover of the magazine 's inaugural issue in a custom-made jeweled veil . That choice prompted allegations of cultural appropriation and a missed opportunity to feature a non-Western model , charges that may now resurface .
Photo
Ms. Hadid was photographed for the September issue by the designer Karl Lagerfeld in a series of head-to-toe looks from the Italian fashion house Fendi , of which Mr. Lagerfeld is the creative director . In one shot , Ms. Hadid , her hands outstretched , wears a high-necked scarlet silk dress with billowing sleeves and matching pointed-toe leather boots . In another , she wears a black jacket with a PVC collar and fur-trimmed sleeves . Her hands are sheathed by sheer polka-dot gloves , and her black pixie crop is covered by a fascinator . Her gaze comes from behind a netted veil .
The attire in both cover portraits is modest , but not explicitly Muslim , in keeping with the values of the majority of the magazine 's readership and encapsulating a major trend on the runways of the fashion capitals .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Manuel Arnaut , the editor-in-chief of Vogue Arabia , who was appointed after the abrupt departure of the original editor , Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz , in April after just two issues , praised the pairing of Ms. Hadid and Mr. Lagerfeld . He called the September cover “ a momentous occasion ” for the magazine , which goes on sale Aug. 30 .
“ Bella Hadid is one of the most celebrated models of the time , plus she has a link with the region , being half-Palestinian but also a Muslim , ” Mr. Arnaut said in a telephone interview on Monday . “ She is the perfect fit for Vogue Arabia . ”
Photo
“ We constantly look for people and content that will resonate with our core readers , ” he said , pointing to previous cover stars like the Muslim model Halima Aden and the content of the September issue . It will include a street style piece on hijab-wearing modest fashion muses , a profile on the emerging actress Amira Khalil and a feature on members of Middle Eastern royalty creating fine jewelry collections .
“ That said , it is also about finding a balance , ” Mr. Arnaut said . “ The Arab world is not a ghetto . It is a highly informed , international and cultured region where global stars like the Hadids have a cult following . Karl Lagerfeld is a legendary figure for fashion fans in the Middle East , too . We champion what goes on inside our borders , but our mission as a magazine is to cover what goes on outside them as well . That is real diversity . ”
Some observers have suggested that in the last year there has been a subtle rebranding of Gigi and Bella , and their model brother , Anwar , from West Coast beauties to more cross-cultural American-Palestinians — and at a time when political tensions have flared .
Others suggest that like many young people , the siblings are on a path of self-discovery in which they feel more comfortable openly discussing their upbringing and their faith . Thanks to their high profiles huge numbers of followers on social media , they have also become powerful weapons against Islamophobia . Their father , who was born in Nazareth and raised in Syria and Lebanon , raised his children to be observant , they have said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles , Travel and Food sections , offering the latest trends to news you can use . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ He was always religious , and he always prayed with us , ” Bella said in a recent interview , opening the door for fresh debate about representation of diversity as it exists in the Muslim community . “ I am proud to be a Muslim. ” She has been open about her opposition to President Trump 's travel ban , attending a rally in New York in January .
“ There is no question that Bella and Gigi Hadid have become very popular with millions of young and aspirational Muslims , who love that they have celebrities of that stature with whom they can relate , despite their more liberal interpretation of how to practice the faith , ” said Shelina Janmohamed , vice president of Ogilvy Noor , an Islamic branding consultancy . Ms. Janmohamed noted that some local publications are attempting to brand the family as “ the Kardashians of the Middle East . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ That said , there is also a question around authenticity for Muslims , which will likely prove challenging for the sisters , ” Ms. Janmohamed said . “ Bella Hadid 's everyday wardrobe is hardly modest . A more conservative audience , when thinking about what a Muslim woman should look like , will inevitably pose questions about how they connect to their heritage and whether they live out Muslim values . When Halima Aden graced the cover of Vogue Arabia , there was never any suggestion that her identity and motivations fitted in with the region . ”
As the modest fashion movement continues to spawn commercial interests , brands entering key markets in Southeast Asia and the Middle East are faced with a decision neatly encapsulated by Vogue Arabia 's September issue : Do they continue with the original conception of a brand , centered on Western ideals , or should a brand strategy shift to both localize and diversify as the cultural expressions of the regions become ever more dominant .
For Mr. Arnaut and Vogue Arabia , walking a fine line between the two appears to be the answer .
Kuwait on Wednesday blocked a US-drafted UN Security Council statement that would have strongly
condemned the firing of rockets and mortar shells by terrorists in the Gaza Strip on Israel that triggered the worst military flareup since a 2014 war .
The United States had circulated the draft text ahead of an emergency council meeting , to be held later Wednesday at Washington 's request , on the rocket and mortar attacks by Hamas and Islamic Jihad .
Kuwait , a non-permanent council member that represents Arab countries , said that it was blocking the statement to allow for consideration of a draft resolution it has put forward on the protection of Gazan civilians .
In an email to the US mission seen by AFP , Kuwait said : `` We can not agree to the text put forth by your delegation especially as we are considering a draft resolution that deals with the protection of civilians in the occupied Palestinian territories and the Gaza Strip . ''
Kuwait earlier this month blocked another US-proposed statement that criticized Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas ' remarks about Jews and the Holocaust as `` unacceptable . ''
Two other draft statements expressing concern about the violence in Gaza were previously blocked by the United States , laying bare the sharp divisions on the Security Council over the Arab-Israeli conflict .
Security Council statements are adopted by consensus by all 15 members .
In response to the mortar and rocket firings , Israel said it pounded some 65 militant targets in the Gaza Strip .
The exchange of fire on Tuesday and into the early hours of Wednesday had
raised the possibility of yet another war in the beleaguered Palestinian
enclave run by Islamist movement Hamas , which would be the fourth since 2008 .
The council is expected to vote this week on the Kuwait-drafted proposal
calling for `` the consideration of measures to guarantee the safety and
protection of the Palestinian civilian population '' in the Palestinian
territories and the Gaza Strip , according to the draft obtained by AFP .
Diplomats however expect the United States to resort to its veto power to
block that measure .
That music should consume less of your precious bandwidth , too . Spotify now has a low data mode that cuts usage by as much as 75 percent , which could make all the difference if you 're on a slower connection or a capped plan .
The updated free service is rolling out worldwide .
It may seem odd for Spotify to push the free tier mere days after it became a public company , and after a long period of limiting free access to assuage labels . Would n't it want to focus all its attention on paid users ? However , Spotify has previously stated that as many as 60 percent of its Premium subscribers were initially free customers -- that no-cost option is still its best chance at pitching you on the service . In theory , you 're more likely to start paying if the free tier is more representative of what you 'll actually get when you subscribe .
And Spotify has a strong motivation to bring more customers into the fold . Growth rate estimates suggest that Apple Music could catch up to Spotify 's paid tier by the summer despite launching years later without any free access beyond a standard trial period . Free service is Spotify 's ace in the hole , and it 's bound to exploit that in a bid to maintain its lead .
BANGOR , Maine ( AP ) — Residents of a Maine city came just 28 beer cans short of setting a world record last week .
Attendees at Bangor 's Annual Chamber Dinner were attempting to break the record for simultaneously opening beer cans . WABI-TV reports the vast majority of the beers were supplied by Geaghan Brothers Brewing .
The Brewer-based brewery says they received word they did not break the record from Guinness World Records recently after sending video of the attempt .
The record was set in Japan in 2016 with 1,149 cans opened simultaneously . The Bangor attempt managed 1,122 — which is a record for the city itself .
___
Information from : WABI-AM , http : //www.wabiam910.com
By Farayi Machamire
Former vice president Joice Mujuru , has alleged that while she was committed to the formation of a grand coalition , she found MDC Alliance leader Nelson Chamisa to be evasive on the matter .
National People 's Party ( NPP ) leader told a local radio station yesterday that her party reached out to Chamisa after the MDC Alliance president took over the reins of the country 's largest opposition party from the late Morgan Tsvangirai in February .
“ …we tried to talk to Chamisa but he was sneaky and evasive . It also did not help matters that time was not on our side ; that 's why we are where we are , ” Mujuru said .
The talks for opposition party to find each other and unite under one umbrella had reached an advanced stage before they stalled as MDC founding father , Tsvangirai , battled and eventually yielded to colon cancer on February 14 .
Tsvangirai 's party was left in disarray as fissures widened before Chamisa assumed the party 's leadership and that of the MDC Alliance , albeit under contestation from Thokozani Khupe who broke away insisting she was the legitimate leader .
Mujuru alleged yesterday that the NPP battled to negotiate in good faith but differed as the MDC insisted on using the MDC Alliance banner , name , logo and slogan .
She said this was in conflict with tenets of inclusivity , as they wanted a neutral name .
They also failed to agree on the allocation of seats for Members of Parliament , Senators and councillors .
“ We had our memorandum of understanding ( MoU ) . What we wrote down in that MoU — most of it , we agreed . What we did not agree is that the question of who are the most popular candidates needs consensus and involvement of membership on the ground .
“ They refused , saying they have people in Parliament who should remain in their seats . We did not agree . We also said the person leading the coalition should be chosen by the people , ( but ) they refused , saying ‘ no , Tsvangirai is our leader'…We also could not agree on a common logo and name . ”
Mujuru eventually cast her hat in the ring as one of the 22 presidential hopefuls , dashing the MDC Alliance 's endeavours to narrow the list of competitors in the presidential race .
By successful filing her papers at the Nomination Court last month , history was made , as for the first time in post-independent Zimbabwe there will be female presidential candidates — three of them .
Mujuru joined Khupe , leader of the splinter MDC faction , and the little-known Violet Mariyacha who will be taking on their male counterparts for the right to occupy the most powerful political office in the country in the July 30 plebiscite . DailyNews
Joan Elizabeth Chapman Carter , 54 , passed away Monday , May 28 , 2018 , at her home in Green River , Wyoming . She was a resident of Green River for 38 years and was a former resident of Illinois .
Mrs. Carter was born on March 19 , 1964 , in St. Louis , Missouri , the daughter of Alfred Chapman and Virginia Pritchett .
She attended schools in Green River and received her diploma from Sheridan , Wyoming .
Mrs. Carter married Mark Thomas Carter on December 04 , 1982 in Green River , Wyoming .
Joan was a homemaker or “ Domestic Goddess ” as she would say , for many years .
She was a member of the Fraternal Order of Eagles Hall # 2350 .
Her interest included spending time with family , crochet , softball , volleyball , and bowling .
Survivors include her husband , Mark Carter of Green River , two daughters , Stephanie Watson and husband William of Billings Montana , Amy Corn and husband Jeff of Gainesville , Georgia , One brother , Alfred ( Bud ) Chapman of Harrisburg , Illinois , four brothers-in-law , Larry Carter and wife Mona of Anchorage , Alaska , Eddie Carter and wife Kathy of Lyman , Wyoming , Jim Carter and wife Jan of Rock Springs , Wyoming , Kevin Carter and wife Jonna of Green River , Wyoming , two sisters-in-law , Leanna Bunderman and husband Clarence of Green River , Wyoming , Martha Carter of Rock Springs , Wyoming , five grandchildren , Amayah Watson , Lynnzie Watson , Angel Watson , Brooklyn Corn , Owen Corn , several Aunts , Uncles , Nephews and nieces .
Joan was preceded in death by her Parents , two sisters Jackie Myers and Gail Chapman , Father-in-law , Chester Carter and brother-in-law David Carter .
Funeral services will be conducted at 1:00 p.m. , Monday , June 4 , 2018 , at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , 1000 West 4th North , Green River , Wyoming . Interment will be in the Riverview Cemetery . Friends may call the church one hour prior to services .
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE W L T Pts GF GA Atlanta United FC 8 3 2 26 27 17 Columbus 7 3 4 25 18 10 New York City FC 7 3 3 24 26 19 New York 7 3 1 22 26 12 Orlando City 6 5 1 19 22 20 New England 5 4 4 19 22 19 Philadelphia 5 5 3 18 15 16 Chicago 4 7 2 14 18 24 Toronto FC 3 7 1 10 14 20 Montreal 3 10 0 9 14 29 D.C. United 2 5 3 9 14 18 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L T Pts GF GA Sporting Kansas City 7 2 4 25 24 13 FC Dallas 6 1 5 23 20 13 Los Angeles FC 6 3 3 21 24 19 Portland 6 3 2 20 19 17 Real Salt Lake 6 6 1 19 17 26 Houston 5 4 3 18 27 20 Vancouver 4 5 5 17 19 27 LA Galaxy 5 7 1 16 18 22 Minnesota United 5 7 1 16 16 22 San Jose 2 7 3 9 18 23 Seattle 2 6 2 8 7 12 Colorado 2 7 2 8 13 20
NOTE : Three points for victory , one point for tie .
___
Wednesday , May 30
Atlanta United FC 1 , New England 1 , tie
Philadelphia 3 , Chicago 1
Real Salt Lake 2 , Houston 1
FC Dallas 3 , LA Galaxy 2
Friday , June 1
Vancouver at Colorado , 9 p.m .
Saturday , June 2
LA Galaxy at Portland , 5 p.m .
Houston at Montreal , 7:30 p.m .
New York at New England , 7:30 p.m .
Orlando City at New York City FC , 7:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Atlanta United FC , 7:30 p.m .
Toronto FC at Columbus , 7:30 p.m .
Los Angeles FC at FC Dallas , 8 p.m .
San Jose at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Seattle at Real Salt Lake , 9:30 p.m .
Sunday , June 3
Minnesota United at Sporting Kansas City , 8:30 p.m .
Friday , June 8
Toronto FC at Philadelphia , 8 p.m .
Saturday , June 9
Atlanta United FC at New York City FC , 12:30 p.m .
New York at Columbus , 5 p.m .
Orlando City at Vancouver , 7 p.m .
Montreal at FC Dallas , 8 p.m .
New England at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Colorado at Houston , 9 p.m .
D.C. United at Seattle , 10 p.m .
Los Angeles FC at San Jose , 10:30 p.m .
Real Salt Lake at LA Galaxy , 10:30 p.m .
Sporting Kansas City at Portland , 10:30 p.m .
Submit on Wednesday , June 14th , 2017 22:56
This entry was posted on Wednesday , June 14th , 2017 at 10:56 pm and is filed under ANNIVERSARIES . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed . You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
01:43 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4 , 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4 , 5778 , 20/03/18 26-year-old shot in Jisr a Zarka A 26-year-old man was show and moderately wounded in Jisr a Zarka on Monday night . He was evacuated by Magen David Adom paramedics to the Hillel Yaffe Hospital in Hadera . ► ◄ Last Briefs
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — An eye-catching Los Angeles hot dog stand designed in the 1940s to look like a giant wiener on a bun has found a home a decade after closing .
The Tail o ' the Pup , which fed working people and Hollywood stars for 60 years , will be moved Thursday for permanent display at Valley Relics Museum , home to many pop culture items . The unique structure , which appeared in TV shows and movies and was named a Los Angeles cultural landmark , has been in a storage yard since its walk-up window shut for the final time in 2005 .
Nicole Miller , whose husband Jay 's family has owned the Pup since the 1970s , said they 'd hoped to find a new location to serve its famous all-beef franks once again , but could n't secure permits .
The family is glad the museum `` is willing to take it , restore it , and put it on display , '' she told the Los Angeles Daily News ( http : //bit.ly/2saLuci ) .
The chicken wire and stucco dog measured 18 feet from nose to tail with a line of mustard running across its service window .
Designed by architect Milton Black and opened in 1946 , the Tail o ' the Pup was built to catch the attention of passing motorists during an era when cars were king .
It 's a rare surviving example of when giant doughnuts , chili bowls and coffee cups dotted Los Angeles curbs from the 1920s to after World War II , the newspaper said .
`` The Tail o ' the Pup was clearly among the best known of the 'programmatic ' buildings — buildings that often looked like products sold inside , '' said Cindy Olnick of the Los Angeles Conservancy , a preservation group . `` The whole building , besides the sign , was an advertisement . ''
___
Information from : ( Los Angeles ) Daily News , http : //www.dailynews.com
The other experiments could be convenient , too . Selfissimo ! for Android and iOS automatically snaps photos whenever you stop moving , letting you take a ton of selfies without having to press the shutter every time you strike a pose . The iOS-only Scrubbies app , meanwhile , creates video loops whose speed and direction you can 'remix ' like a DJ at the turntables .
Are these apps particularly useful by themselves ? Not really -- in many ways , they 're the novelty features that you see phone makers trot out at launch events and never mention again . As experiments , though , they could be very helpful . Google is asking users for feedback and ideas , so you could see more practical adaptations of these apps down the line . As it is , they say a lot about Google 's thinking . It wants to put AI to work in virtually every facet of photography , not just obvious areas like image quality and portrait effects .
Students , parents , and members of the business and educational spheres are invited to attend a speaker summit geared toward clearing up misconceptions about education and career opportunities .
The inaugural , two-panel talk called Pathways Speaker Summit : Truths Revealed has come together through a partnership between the Niagara Catholic District School Board and the Niagara Workforce Planning Board .
Jennifer Pirosko , coordinator of student success with the NCDSB , said the event is a way to set the record straight about what students can expect and what options are available to them when pursuing higher education and a career .
“ We 're going to address all pathways , ” she said .
Those pathways , she said , are workplace , vocation , community living , college , university and apprenticeship .
“ And we want to get away from the idea that these things are tiered . Not one is more important than the other . ”
She went on to say that these days many students will participate in two or more of these pathways and that 's perfectly fine .
The summit takes place on Tuesday night at Club Roma in St. Catharines . The free event does n't require preregistration and takes place between 6:30 p.m. and 9 p.m .
The panelists are from a wide variety of professions and industries , chosen through their involvement with the Niagara Workforce Planning Board . They will be highlighting not only the myths and misconceptions associated with their fields , but also the skills and education needed in order to enter into them .
Pirosko said it 's not only parents and students with questions and misinformed ideas about what options are available , but also teachers and others in the educational field .
She said people often only have knowledge pertaining to the route they took themselves . For instance , if a parent went to college or university , they might be unfamiliar with apprenticeships or other avenues .
This is an opportunity to hear from people in the field directly and have those questions answered .
Pirosko said the event is also a way to encourage students to discover and follow their passions while also setting realistic goals for doing so . She thinks it will open their eyes to many different possibilities .
A “ rich and authentic connection with the community ” is another way she described the event .
The event is ideal for students and parents of students in the Grade 6 to Grade 10 range .
lbarton @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/LBartonTribune
A poll has indicated half of Calgary residents remain supportive of the city 's potential bid for 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games , although it represents a drop in backing from earlier this year .
The media poll was conducted by Janet Brown Opinion Research for CBC News .
The poll asserted that 50 per cent supported the bid , but that it represented a drop of seven percentage points since March .
Opposition to the bid is claimed to be at 44 per cent .
`` We found in that short period of time that there 's been a seven point drop , '' the pollster told CBC News .
`` That 's statistically significant and I think that really says something about some of the concerns that are bubbling up for Calgarians about this bid . ''
The survey , conducted between June 12 and June 19 , included 900 people from the province of Alberta .
It is claimed the survey had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.3 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
Support for a potential bid was found to be higher outside of Calgary , with overall backing standing at 55 per cent and 36 per cent against .
Residents in Edmonton were found to be the most supportive of a bid , as 60 per cent are believed to be backing the effort to host the Games .
Only 29 per cent were claimed to be against a potential bid in the city .
The poll comes as the No Calgary Olympics group launched a campaign to discover what residents of the Canadian city would rather spend the proposed funding on .
A rival group , Yes Calgary 2026 , has also been established with the aim of raising public support for the bid .
Calgary previously hosted the Winter Olympics in 1988 ©IBSF
The two are set to lobby for both sides of the argument prior to Calgary holding a plebiscite on the bid , expected to be held in November .
Earlier this week , the International Olympic Committee published a streamlined Host City Contract document for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games .
It is claimed that new requirements , which include removing lavish food and luxury receptions for dignitaries , are more cost effective for host cities .
The IOC also confirmed its intention to contribute an estimated $ 925 million ( £704 million/€796 million ) to the city which wins the right to host the 2026 Olympics and Paralympics .
It is possible this could prove key in the outcome of the plebiscite in Calgary .
Crucially , a revised budget is expected to be revealed by Calgary 2026 before the vote , which would detail the potential costs of staging the Games .
Calgary previously hosted the Winter Olympics in 1988 .
Deputies investigating convenience store robbery
Staff report
Lincoln County Sheriff 's Office detective are investigating a strong-armed robbery on Monday at Jerry 's One Stop on Highway 27 in Iron Station .
Detectives said two black males entered the store at around 8 a.m. and one man pretended to be making a small purchase . When the clerk opened the cash register , the man reached into the drawer and grabbed cash , according to a press release from the Sheriff 's Office . The clerk yelled to the owner , who approached the suspect and grabbed him from behind and took him to the ground .
The man got away from the owner and he and the other suspect ran from the store on foot , going east on Highway 27 . A customer who was at the gas pumps followed the men , who got into a vehicle parked nearby and fled the scene , according to deputies .
No one was seriously injured in the incident .
A haredi MK during a Wednesday Knesset discussion on the Western Wall plan to expand the southern plaza blamed Israel 's recent earthquakes on the proposed agreement .
On Wednesday morning , Israel suffered an earthquake measuring 4.1 on the Richter scale . On Wednesday evening , an additional earthquake believed to measure 4.3 struck northern Israel , near where the first quake had struck .
During the discussion , Shas MK Yinon Azoulay said , `` Today we heard that there was an earthquake . Maybe we should do some soul-searching ? Maybe this earthquake is because someone here is trying to harm what is holy to us ? ''
`` Listen to our pain . They 're not Jewish . Would you give them a foothold in Al-Aqsa Mosque ?
`` The Prime Minister , who [ news anchor ] Dan Caner said was the first to identify the Carmel disaster - when it comes to the Western Wall disaster , with the Women of the Fight , with the Reform - why does he not know how to identify it ?
`` What do you have with the antiquities of the Western Wall 's stones ? I have a suggestion for you , take the money that you invest in the State of Israel , and build yourselves a Western Wall in the United States . ''
The Carmel disaster was a forest fire which raged on Mount Carmel for three days in December 2010 . It is believed that the fire started due to human negligence . The blaze claimed 44 lives and scorched over 50,000 dunams ( 12,000 acres ) of land and forest .
`` Women of the Fight '' is a reference to the sometimes-violent Women of the Wall movement , whose members have insisted on disobeying orders , thereby disrupting worshipers at the Western Wall .
Joining the discussion , United Torah Judaism ( UTJ ) MK Moshe Gafni said , `` There is one place where the entire Jewish nation goes - and that is what we are used to for years already . Even when we were in exile , even when we were n't in Israel , we always looked towards the Western Wall , the holy wall , the only remnant of our Holy Temple , which was destroyed . ''
`` We are now in the period of the Three Weeks , when we mourn the fact that the city was breached ... and this is how we approach the Ninth of Av ( when the Temple was burned - ed. ) . We pray to G-d that the Ninth of Av will be canceled , that Moshiach ( the Messiah - ed . ) will come , and that the Temple will be built . But this is the place where everyone goes , this is where everyone faces when they pray , even when we were in far-off lands , even when we were in exile .
`` Now the Reform and Conservatives come . They want to pour out their hearts at the Western Wall , just like everyone else . But this group comes and says : I 'm going to disturb the prayers , I 'm going to do other things , things which hurt and harm our hearts . I 'm not talking about the details , I 'm against the details . But why , why ? Why are you doing this to us ? We are the Jewish nation . Even those who do n't live here , pray for the Western Wall . We definitely pray for the Temple ... three times a day . We want to come to the Western Wall - why are you disturbing us ? Are we disturbing you ? ''
Style Match lets you scan items in your surroundings to find other objects with a similar aesthetic , while Smart Text Selection detects words in your viewfinder and can translate or explain them for you . You can also copy and paste text from things like book covers or notices around you , which is pretty neat .
You may have already started seeing some of these new tools on your phone , by the way . Google said it `` conducted a controlled roll out for these Lens updates , '' starting with a smaller percentage and expanding to 100 % of users over several days . Now , all compatible devices should have them .
These features will also be `` coming soon '' to Google Photos , the company said . This means that those of us who use Photos will soon be able to copy and paste text from our stored images into our phones , or find items with a similar style to objects in pictures we 've taken . Basically , it 's the same Lens features except instead of using a camera , Google will analyze shots you 've already snapped .
As announced at I/O , Lens will be built into the native camera apps of phones like the LG G7 . Now , you 'll also find it in the cameras of compatible devices from brands like Pixel , LG , Motorola , Xiaomi , Sony Mobile , Nokia , Transsion , TCL , OnePlus , BQ and ASUS . If you still prefer having a separate Lens app for some reason , or if your phone is n't by one of these companies , you can download it from the Play store soon .
Have your say
Sunderland 's week went from bad to worse with Ipswich Town running out 2-0 winners at the Stadium of Light .
Click refresh and scroll down for the latest from the Stadium of Light .
Bumblebees at an increased risk of extinction , a new study says
Bumblebee populations are at an increased risk of extinction , according to a new study by a environmental science professor at University of Guelph .
Nigel Raine says bumblebee queens that are exposed to pesticide are 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony .
“ It was a bigger impact than I was expecting . And our modeling suggests it could have a major impact on population persistence and increases the chances a population could go extinct , ” said Raine in an interview with The Canadian Press .
The professor 's findings were published Monday in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution . The release comes at a time when bumblebee populations are on the decline worldwide , and scientists are trying to understand why .
Bees are crucial to agriculture . Published reports suggest about a third of the crops eaten by humans depend on insect pollination , with bees responsible for about 80 per cent of that figure .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has called Saturday 's deadly car attack in Charlottesville an act of domestic terrorism . On today 's show , we 'll chat with Faiza Patel from NYU 's Brennan Center for Justice about how the government tries to combat violent extremism . Afterwards , we 'll discuss Uruguay 's attempt to draft a measure that would provide transgender people with reparations .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — An appeals court says Los Angeles police violated the rights of a man arrested inside Sandra Bullock 's home when they obtained his consent to search his home and recovered illegal automatic firearms .
The 2nd District Court of Appeal ruled Tuesday that police detectives violated Joshua James Corbett 's rights to remain silent during a police interrogation , and his right against an unlawful search of his home . Corbett was arrested in June 2014 inside Bullock 's home , and he has been charged with felony stalking .
Corbett was unarmed at the Oscar winner 's home , but police later found several automatic weapons and illegal tracer ammunition in his home .
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge threw out evidence supporting the weapons charges last year after determining Corbett did n't give officers permission to search his home .
Some coastal states opposed to President Donald Trump 's plan to allow oil and gas drilling off most of the nation 's coastline are fighting back with proposed state laws designed to thwart the proposal .
The drilling Trump proposes would take place in federal waters offshore in an area called the Outer Continental Shelf . But states control the 3 miles of ocean closest to shore and are proposing laws designed to make it difficult , or impossible , to bring the oil or gas ashore in their areas .
A look at the issue :
———
WHAT STATES ARE DOING
States including New Jersey , New York , California , South Carolina and Rhode Island have introduced bills prohibiting any infrastructure related to offshore oil or gas production from being built in or crossing their state waters . Washington state is threatening such a bill . Maryland has introduced a bill imposing strict liability on anyone who causes a spill while engaged in offshore drilling or oil or gas extraction .
`` We started thinking about how we control the first three miles of ocean , and there are state rights that we have , '' said New Jersey state Sen. Jeff Van Drew , a Democrat who represents the state 's southern coast . `` Even if we do n't succeed in banning it outright , we can still make it a lot more expensive to do it in this area . It 's a back-door , ingenious way to block this . ''
California Democratic state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson said a ban on pipelines and docks could force the industry to rely on ships that would then have to sail to the waters of a different state to bring their cargo ashore . `` What we can do is make drilling for offshore oil and gas so prohibitively expensive that it wo n't pencil out , '' she said .
———
ANY PRECEDENT ?
In 1985 , voters in Santa Cruz , California , required that any zoning changes to accommodate onshore facilities for offshore oil exploration or production must be approved by a vote of the electorate , one of 26 similar ordinances that were adopted in California . An oil and gas industry association unsuccessfully sued 13 of the communities , claiming they were interfering with lawful interstate commerce .
———
OIL INDUSTRY , US RESPONSE
Andy Radford , a senior policy adviser with the American Petroleum Institute , said it has been 30 years since the last detailed analysis of potential offshore oil and gas supplies . He said states ought to welcome offshore drilling for the revenue it can produce for them . Offshore energy production in the Atlantic Ocean alone could support 265,000 jobs and generate $ 22 billion a year within 20 years , he said .
`` We should take that step forward to advance our energy future , '' he said . `` Local communities and workers benefit from energy exploration and production , in addition to these investments generating significant state revenues to fund schools , hospitals and other public services . ''
Connie Gillette , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , said `` the laws , goals , and policies '' of a state adjacent to the Outer Continental Shelf are among the factors the federal government must consider in approving oil and gas leases .
———
CONFLICTED IN SOUTH CAROLINA
In May 2017 , eight months before Trump proposed the nearly nationwide expansion of offshore drilling , a South Carolina legislator introduced a bill to prohibit oil drilling infrastructure in state waters . The bill remains in committee .
South Carolina 's House and Senate both introduced a resolution expressing support for drilling off their state 's coast and criticizing Republican Gov . Henry McMaster 's request to be exempted from the plan , saying the request is `` tantamount to the state exercising excessive control of South Carolina 's free market . ''
———
Follow Wayne Parry at http : //twitter.com/WayneParryAC
A new option also means you can log out of Duo on an individual device without signing out of your account entirely , so you can pick and choose which devices alert you to a call . The rollout will probably take a couple of days to complete , but in the meantime make sure you 've connected your Duo account to your Google account so you can access the new feature .
Sixty two in burning bus . . . ‘ Ball of fire ' at 5AM on Harare-bound cross-border coach
By Thupeyo Muleya
Sixty-two people cheated death yesterday when a Citiliner cross-border bus they were travelling in caught fire about 40 km along the Beitbridge-Masvingo Road yesterday morning .
Miraculously , none of the passengers were injured in the incident that occurred around 5AM .
Although some passengers alleged they lost luggage in the inferno , a spokesperson for Greyhound bus company that runs Citiliner said all the luggage was saved .
Matabeleland South Police spokesperson , Assistant Inspector Loveness Mangena said the bus was travelling from Johannesburg in South Africa heading to Harare .
“ There were 62 passengers on board . When the bus reached the 246,5 km peg along the Masvingo Beitbridge road , one passenger , who was sitting at the back noticed some smoke coming from the rear side of the bus .
“ He alerted the driver who stopped the bus and evacuated all the passengers and part of the goods from the bus and trailer , ” she said .
She said the bus suddenly burst into a ball of fire , before the passengers could offload all the goods .
Assistant Inspector Mangena said property worth hundreds of dollars was destroyed in the fire .
She said no-one was injured although the bus and the trailer were extensively damaged .
“ The cause of the fire is still under investigations , ” said Assistant Inspector Mangena .
Recently eight people were killed when a South African registered Toyota Quantum they were travelling in collided with a haulage truck 10km along the Beitbridge-Bulawayo road , near Naude area .
Greyhound representative in Zimbabwe , Mr Thomas Rumhaka , yesterday said the bus was a write-off .
“ We managed to save all the luggage and called another bus to ferry the passengers to Harare . Everyone is safe , some people may want to take advantage and say they lost their luggage in the fire . However , as far as I 'm concerned , everything was removed from the bus , ” said Mr Rumhaka from the accident scene .
He said the company was still working on establishing the cause of the fire .
Today in History
Today is Tuesday , March 20 , the 79th day of 2018 . There are 286 days left in the year . Spring arrives at 12:15 p.m. Eastern time .
Today 's Highlight in History :
On March 20 , 1854 , the Republican Party of the United States was founded by slavery opponents at a schoolhouse in Ripon ( RIH'-puhn ) , Wisconsin .
On this date :
In 1413 , England 's King Henry IV died ; he was succeeded by Henry V .
In 1760 , a 10-hour fire erupted in Boston , destroying 349 buildings and burning 10 ships , but claiming no lives .
In 1815 , Napoleon Bonaparte returned to Paris after escaping his exile on Elba , beginning his `` A Hundred Days '' rule .
In 1852 , Harriet Beecher Stowe 's influential novel about slavery , `` Uncle Tom 's Cabin , '' was first published in book form after being serialized .
In 1922 , the decommissioned USS Jupiter , converted into the first U.S. Navy aircraft carrier , was re-commissioned as the USS Langley .
In 1942 , U.S. Army Gen. Douglas MacArthur , having evacuated the Philippines at the order of President Franklin D. Roosevelt , told reporters in Terowie , Australia : `` I came out of Bataan , and I shall return . ''
In 1948 , `` Gentleman 's Agreement '' won the Academy Award for best picture of 1947 ; Ronald Colman was named the best actor for `` A Double Life , '' while Loretta Young won the best actress for `` The Farmer 's Daughter . ''
In 1952 , the U.S. Senate ratified , 66-10 , a Security Treaty with Japan .
In 1969 , John Lennon married Yoko Ono in Gibraltar .
In 1977 , voters in Paris chose former French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac to be the French capital 's first mayor in more than a century .
In 1985 , Libby Riddles of Teller , Alaska , became the first woman to win the Iditarod Trail Dog Sled Race .
In 1995 , in Tokyo , 12 people were killed , more than 5,500 others sickened when packages containing the deadly chemical sarin were leaked on five separate subway trains by Aum Shinrikyo ( ohm shin-ree-kyoh ) cult members .
Ten years ago : In a setback for Democrat candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton , a drive for a second Michigan presidential primary collapsed as the state Senate adjourned without taking up a measure calling for a do-over contest . ( Michigan had held an early primary in January 2008 in violation of Democratic Party rules , and was stripped of its delegates as a result . ) Mao Asada of Japan won the women 's title at the World Figure Skating Championships in Goteborg , Sweden .
Five years ago : Making his first visit to Israel since taking office , President Barack Obama affirmed Israel 's sovereign right to defend itself from any threat and vowed to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons . Five former elected officials of Bell , California , were convicted of misappropriating public funds by paying themselves huge salaries while raising taxes on residents ; one defendant was acquitted . Colorado Gov . John Hickenlooper signed bills that put sweeping new restrictions on sales of firearms and ammunition . Opera singer Rise ( REE'-suh ) Stevens , 99 , died in New York .
One year ago : U.S. Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch pledged to be independent or `` hang up the robe '' as the Senate began confirmation hearings on President Donald Trump 's conservative pick for the nation 's highest bench . President Trump met for the first time with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi at the White House . David Rockefeller , guardian of the Rockefeller fortune and billionaire philanthropist , died at his home in Pocantico ( poh-KAN'-tih-koh ) Hills , New York , at age 101 .
Today 's Birthdays : Singer Dame Vera Lynn is 101 . Producer-director-comedian Carl Reiner is 96 . Actor Hal Linden is 87 . Former Canadian prime minister Brian Mulroney ( muhl-ROO'-nee ) is 79 . Country singer Don Edwards is 79 . TV producer Paul Junger Witt is 77 . Basketball Hall of Fame coach Pat Riley is 73 . Country singer-musician Ranger Doug ( Riders in the Sky ) is 72 . Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Orr is 70 . Blues singer-musician Marcia Ball is 69 . Actor William Hurt is 68 . Rock musician Carl Palmer ( Emerson , Lake and Palmer ) is 68 . Rock musician Jimmie Vaughan is 67 . Country musician Jimmy Seales ( Shenandoah ) is 64 . Actress Amy Aquino ( ah-KEE'-noh ) is 61 . Movie director Spike Lee is 61 . Actress Theresa Russell is 61 . Actress Vanessa Bell Calloway is 61 . Actress Holly Hunter is 60 . Rock musician Slim Jim Phantom ( The Stray Cats ) is 57 . Actress-model-designer Kathy Ireland is 55 . Actor David Thewlis is 55 . Rock musician Adrian Oxaal ( James ) is 53 . Actress Jessica Lundy is 52 . Actress Liza Snyder is 50 . Actor Michael Rapaport is 48 . Actor Alexander Chaplin is 47 . Actor Cedric Yarbrough is 45 . Actress Paula Garces is 44 . Actor Michael Genadry is 40 . Actress Bianca Lawson is 39 . Comedian-actor Mikey Day is 38 . Actor Nick Blood ( TV : `` Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . '' ) is 36 . Rock musician Nick Wheeler ( The All-American Rejects ) is 36 . Actor Michael Cassidy is 35 . Actress-singer Christy Carlson Romano is 34 . Actress Ruby Rose is 32 .
Thought for Today : `` Spring is nature 's way of saying , 'Let 's party ! ' '' — Robin Williams , American comedian ( 1951-2014 ) .
