MANCHESTER , England — Jose Mourinho has criticized the atmosphere at `` quiet '' Old Trafford on Alexis Sanchez 's home debut .
The Chile forward , who joined last month from Arsenal , netted the second goal in a 2-0 victory over Huddersfield in the English Premier League on Saturday .
Mourinho says `` the atmosphere is a bit quiet and there is not very '' much enthusiasm .
He wants United fans to emulate the atmosphere at former Premier League club Portsmouth , which is now in the third tier .
Several Michigan state officials , including those who reported to Gov . Rick Snyder , have been charged with involuntary manslaughter in connection with a Legionnaires ' outbreak that killed 12 people during the Flint water crisis , the Michigan attorney general 's office announced Wednesday .
Charges were announced for five state and city officials , including Nick Lyon , the current director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services . Former Flint emergency manager Darnell Earley , who had previously been charged , also now faces involuntary manslaughter , along with three other lower-ranking officials , according to the attorney general 's office .
Another high-ranking state health department official , Dr. Eden Wells , was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to an officer .
The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services had no comment when asked about the employment status of Lyon and Wells , who are both still listed on the department website under executive bios .
At a news conference , Attorney General Bill Schuette told reporters the announcement is about restoring accountability and trust .
“ That arrogance that people would want to sweep this away and that there are nameless , faceless bureaucrats who caused this and no one responsible is outrageous , ” he said adding that this is proof the system is working .
“ It 's hard to be surprised anymore , ” Flint Mayor Karen Weaver told CNN . “ We 've been waiting for some accountability since this crisis started so we 're glad that justice is playing out . ”
In all,15 people have been charged as a result of Schuette 's ongoing investigation into the Flint water crisis .
“ Today 's announcement that additional state officials will face criminal charges is an indictment of the state 's failed policies that led to this crisis , ” Congressman Dan Kildee , a Democrat of Flint Township , said in a statement .
Some of the charges deal with lead poisoning , and the reason the city changed its water supply , while others deal with the spread of Legionnaires ' connected to the crisis . Other charges range from willful neglect of duty , misconduct and conspiracy .
Wednesday marked the first time charges of involuntary manslaughter were brought .
Kildee noted that the crisis is not over yet . “ The state and the Governor created this crisis and they must do more to help Flint 's recovery . ”
UPDATE 2-Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission ( OSC ) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) -
* THE MINISTRY OF TRADE , INDUSTRY AND FISHERIES SAID 47 COMPANIES IN THE SALMON INDUSTRY HAD APPLIED FOR NEW LICENCES FOR AROUND 2 PERCENT PRODUCTION GROWTH
* NORWAY ‘ S SALMON COMPANIES APPLY FOR NEW LICENCES UNDER NEW “ TRAFFIC LIGHT ” SYSTEM FOR NOK 948 MILLION
* NEW LICENCES GIVE POTENTIAL ANNUAL PRODUCTION INCREASE OF 7,897 TONNES , WHICH IS AROUND 95 PERCENT OF GROWTH OFFERED
* THE AUCTIONS WILL TAKE PLACE DURING SPRING 2018 Source text : here ( Reporting By Camilla Knudsen )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK , June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp 's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada , a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday .
Crawley Town face Wycombe Wanderers on Wednesday night . Here is a run down on the Reds ' opposition from Nick Tunney of the Bucks Free Press .
How has Wycombe fared since the last meeting between the sides ?
They have risen into fourth , on the verge of the automatic spots , They comfortably Barnet 2-0 on Saturday after a run of four games without a win . Before this , they went on a fantastic run of results which was halted by Morecambe They had won seven of their eight league games before that in 2018 , smashing in goals galore and winning some truly exciting games , including at league leaders , Luton Town . In January , Gareth Ainsworth received manager of the month and plenty of players have continued in top form this term .
What is the target for this season ?
At the start of the season , the remit was to challenge for promotion and be in the mix for the play-offs . As it stands , I think they are a bit ahead of where they thought they would be . Ainsworth did a magnificent job recruiting in the summer with the likes of Craig Mackail-Smith and Nathan Tyson coming in . They have already bettered their goals for column than for the whole of the 2014/15 season , when they reached the play-off final at Wembley .
How did you rate Wycombe 's business during the January transfer window ?
Very shrewd . They do n't have the budget to be spending transfer fees on players so they went down the loan route and got four in . Tafari Moore , a right-back on loan from Arsenal , has come in for the injured Michael Harriman and Sido Jombati , and has excited the fans with his marauding play down the right . Nathan McGinley has come in from Middlesbrough at centre-half and looks to have a bright future . Curtis Thompson has made appearances from the bench since signing from Notts County and has impressed whilst Randell Williams , on-loan from Watford , is an explosive forward but has picked up a knock and has n't featured .
How do you assess Crawley ?
When Wycombe won at Adams Park , I feared Crawley would be battling relegation . Little did I know this would be the catalyst for a revival which has seen them on the fringes of the play-offs . They seem to play an attacking brand of football and have shored up the defence in that time . Kewell was an exciting player himself and seems to have installed belief and confidence into the side .
Prediction ?
I am going for 2-1 win to Wycombe .
Likely lineup ?
( 4-3-3 ) Brown , Moore , El-Abd , Jombati , Jacobson , Gape , O'Nien , Bloomfield , Cowan-Hall , Akinfenwa , Tyson .
Kewell praises his side 's 'strength and character ' at Carlisle
Steve Herbert : Die hard Crawley fans were well rewarded
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks ' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN , June 15 Italy 's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same , the head of the insurance group said on Thursday .
* Czech central bank not expected to remove crown cap * Czech 2-year bonds trade at 2-week low yields * Good auction seen in Hungary on loose central bank policy * Croatian stocks tumble on concerns over food group Agrokor By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE , March 30 Czech short-term government debt firmed on Thursday as the country 's central bank ( CNB ) holds its last meeting before the end of its `` hard commitment '' to keep its cap on the crown 's value . The bank has pledged to maintain the cap , which has been keeping the crown weaker than 27 to the euro since late 2013 , at least until the end of the first quarter . It is not expected to change its record low interest rates or to abandon the cap at the meeting . It is due to publish its decisions at 1200 GMT . The CNB has tripled its forex reserves since 2013 to defend the cap and speculative buying of the crown and Czech government debt , mainly short-term papers , has surged this year . The yield on 2-year Czech bonds was bid at a 2-week low -0.58 percent on Thursday , down 9 basis points . `` I am expecting a confirmation of the end of the ( central bank 's ) firm commitment but a continuation of interventions for the time being and ( a message of ) the possibility to stop when the CNB sees appropriate , '' one Prague-based fixed income trader said . Fundamentals should strengthen the crown , but accumulated crown buying positions worth tens of billions of euros make it uncertain how Czech markets will behave after the cap is removed , probably in April or May , analysts have said . `` We would not regard the exit of the FX regime as the start of a one-way CZK ( crown ) appreciation streak , but would rather expect significant volatility possibly well into Q3 2017 , '' said Raiffeisen analyst Wofgang Ernst in a note . The crown 's implied euro exchange rate was near multi-month highs in forwards contracts . Elsewhere in Central Europe , Zagreb 's stock index fell as much as 4.5 percent in early trade due to a plunge of the units of unlisted Agrokor , the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans . The decline followed news that the Croatian government may propose a law on shielding the economy from troubles involving big firms and about a possible repayment freeze deal with Agrokor creditors . In Hungary , government bond yields dropped further by a few basis points , with 3-year bonds trading at 1.18 percent , at 2-month lows , as Thursday 's bond auction in Budapest is expected to draw strong demand . `` The Hungarian central bank 's dovish stance ( after its meeting on Tuesday ) surprised many foreign investors , so this will be a good auction , '' one trader said . The stock of Hungarian oil group MOL fell as much as 2.5 percent after Czech electricity company CEZ conditionally sold its 7.5 percent stake in MOL . CEE SNAPS AT 1052 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.02 27.02 +0.0 -0.05 00 15 1 % % Hungary 310.0 309.8 -0.04 -0.38 forint 000 750 % % Polish 4.228 4.221 -0.15 4.16 % zloty 0 8 % Romanian 4.542 4.554 +0.2 -0.17 leu 8 7 6 % % Croatian 7.453 7.434 -0.25 1.37 % kuna 0 2 % Serbian 123.8 123.8 +0.0 -0.36 dinar 000 900 7 % % Note : daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 982.6 982.7 -0.01 +6.6 5 1 % 2 % Budapest 31923 32232 -0.96 -0.25 .74 .95 % % Warsaw 2210 . 2214 . -0.16 +13 . 82 45 % 50 % Bucharest 7975 . 7942 . +0.4 +12 . 91 76 2 % 57 % Ljubljana 767.3 777.5 -1.31 +6.9 8 8 % 4 % Zagreb 1952 . 2015 . -3.12 -2.14 23 12 % % Belgrade 4 7 % 1 % Sofia 634.5 633.3 +0.1 +8.2 0 4 8 % 0 % BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d ( bid ) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 7 6 bps 5-year 6 bps s 10-year 8 bps Poland 2-year bps s 5-year 3 bps 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.28 0.32 0.38 0 PRIBOR= > Hungary < 0.21 0.27 0.37 0.2 BUBOR= > Poland < 1.755 1.777 1.819 1.73 WIBOR= > Note : FRA are for quotes ask prices * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ( Additional reporting by Igor Ilic in Zagreb ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
April 10 OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc said on Monday its experimental drug , in combination with Celgene Corp 's Abraxane and chemotherapy , failed a mid-stage study as an initial therapy for advanced pancreatic cancer .
The trial was testing OncoMed 's demcizumab , Abraxane and chemotherapy versus a combination of Abraxane , chemotherapy and a placebo .
The main goal was to slow disease progression .
Based on the lack of benefit over standard-of-care , which performed remarkably well , the company will discontinue the trial , OncoMed CEO Paul Hastings said . ( Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila )
WASHINGTON D.C. ( KUSI ) — As the suspect in the Charlottesville attack made his first court appearance Monday , President Trump condemned the role of white supremacists in the deadly incident after facing criticism over the weekend .
The president also met with his attorney general and FBI director on the matter .
President Trump declared that `` racism is evil '' as he condemned the KKK , Neo-Nazis and white supremacists as `` criminals and thugs . ''
Related Link : Bail denied for man accused of driving through crowd at Charlottesville protests
His remarks were a second attempt at denouncing the violence in Charlottesville Saturday after being criticized for not personally denouncing the white supremacist groups involved , blaming only `` many sides . ''
On Saturday , one woman was killed during a series of clashes between white nationalists and counter protestors , when police said James Alex Fields Jr. drove a car into a crowd of counter-protesters . Two Virginia State Troopers also died in connection to the crash .
The president 's comments Monday marks the first time he denounced the racist groups involved by name since the violence .
On Saturday , he offered a rebuke to those involved , making no mention of the KKK and suggesting both sides shared culpability . The president 's muted response instantly drew criticism from members of his own party , but Monday , he made his message more clear .
Related Link : Candlelight vigil held in San Diego after deadly Charlottesville protests
`` Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs . Including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' President Trump said .
Meanwhile , law enforcement is trying to determine how the protests spiraled out of control and whether officials could have done more .
`` I certainly have regrets . We lost three lives this weekend . A local citizen and two fellow officers . We certainly have regrets . It was a tragic , tragic weekend , '' said Chief Al Thomas of the Charlottesville , Virginia Police Department .
White supremacist protesters gathered outside the courthouse where the hearing for the suspect in Saturday 's violence was being held .
Related Link : Three people dead at white nationalist rally in Charlottesville
James Alex Fields Jr. was not in court though , appearing via video . He is currently being held without bail , pending another hearing scheduled for Aug. 25 .
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe is directing his administration to conduct an extensive review of how police prepared and respond to rallies like the one that ended with such deadly violence . The Democratic governor has adamantly supported how police handled Saturday 's protests .
A 21-year-old man from North Carolina suffered severe burns late Tuesday when he fell into a hot spring at Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming .
Gervais Dylan Gatete from Raleigh was with seven other people when he was burned in the Lower Geyser Basin north of the Old Faithful area , a spokeswoman for the park said Wednesday in a written statement .
Investigators are trying to determine how Gatete fell in .
“ Yellowstone 's thermal features are dangerous , ” Superintendent Dan Wenk said . The park 's statement explains the ground in the area is fragile , with scalding water just below the surface .
Hot springs have killed or injured more people than other natural features at Yellowstone .
“ Stay on boardwalks and trails in thermal areas , ” the park warns .
Man severely burned after falling into a hot spring in the Lower Geyser Basin off of Fountain Flat Drive : https : //t.co/IMeefICUUl . pic.twitter.com/HQ9fBmi1oj — YellowstoneNPS ( @ YellowstoneNPS ) June 14 , 2017
Gatete works for Colorado-based Xanterra Parks and Resorts , a hospitality company that lists Yellowstone among its affiliated properties .
CNN reached out to the company for comment but did n't get an immediate response .
Gatete was airlifted to a hospital , the Yellowstone statement said , after his group tried to take him by car . About midnight , they signaled a ranger for help and Gatete was given medical attention and taken by ambulance to an airport .
According to the park website , the Lower Geyser Basin is 18 square miles , about four-fifths the size of the island of Manhattan .
“ It consists of a flat plain interspersed with meadows and stands of lodgepole pine , with the Firehole River flowing through the central part of the basin , ” the park says of the area .
The deepest circulating water can be hotter than 199 degree Fahrenheit ( 93 Celsius ) , the website says .
Last June , an Oregon man died when he fell in near the Norris Basin Geyser . Colin Nathaniel Scott , 23 , of Portland , went off a boardwalk and fell into a hot spring that was 212 degrees Fahrenheit ( 100 Celsius ) , officials said . His body was not recovered .
View of a sign outside the Imperial Tobacco Seita cigarette plant in Carquefou , near Nantes , April 15 , 2014 . REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
LONDON Britain 's Imperial Brands , the fourth-largest international tobacco company , remains committed to its pursuit of e-cigarettes as the best alternative to smoking , but could pivot quickly with a heated tobacco product within months if proved wrong , a senior executive said on Wednesday .
`` Our belief is that the opportunity in e-vapour remains bigger than the opportunity in heated tobacco , '' said Matthew Phillips , Imperial 's chief development officer . He said Imperial was looking at heated tobacco even though it was n't testing a product like Philip Morris , British American Tobacco and Japan Tobacco International .
So far Japan is the most developed market for heated tobacco products , as it has stricter rules around the nicotine-laced liquids used in e-cigarettes .
`` I 'm yet to see the kind of traction outside Japan that would make me change that view and start following a heated tobacco strategy more proactively , '' Phillips said on a conference call with analysts following the company 's half-year results .
`` If we have to change our mind because it did start getting traction , we would be able to follow with an offering within a number of months . ''
Phillips said recent innovations in `` vaping '' and marijuana technology in the United States means that heated tobacco products do not need to be in the format in which they are currently sold .
Phillips said different consumers were using different products , noting that younger `` millennial '' consumers tended to use e-cigarettes , while the tobacco-based products appealed to older people .
( Reporting by Martinne Geller ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
Yet for many Republicans , Moore is a paragon of traditional values . They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago . Moore denies the charges .
`` Everyone has to vote their convictions , '' said Kevin Mims of Montgomery , as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery . `` My conviction is he 's the right man for the job . ''
Where Moore 's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts , including the U.S. Supreme Court 's decision legalizing same-sex marriage , Mims sees a stalwart who stands `` on the word of God . '' Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mould of Trump , who won Alabama by 28 percentage points .
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help him `` defeat the elite , '' a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny him the GOP nomination earlier this year .
Ultimately , Republicans from Moore to Trump himself are betting on a simple bottom line : Most Alabama conservatives simply wo n't defect to a Democrat .
`` If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones , all of our progress will be stopped cold , '' Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday .
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans , calling Jones `` a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer , '' the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington , both of them reviled by conservative voters . `` Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda , '' the president insists .
Moore 's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama , but both parties are watching closely .
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority , and they 're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country . In many of those races , they 'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama : strong turnout among young and non-white voters , along with improved performance among suburban moderates .
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor , and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses : They 'll take Alabama 's brand national , hammering Republicans as `` the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore . ''
-- -- -
Barrow reported from Mobile , Alabama . Follow Barrow on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https : //twitter.com/StatehouseKim .
By Bill Barrow And Kim Chandler , The Associated Press
TORONTO — A `` Back to the Future '' reunion is set for this year 's Fan Expo Canada .
Organizers say previously announced guest Michael J . Fox will now be joined by fellow `` Back to the Future '' stars Christopher Lloyd , Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson .
Edmonton-born Fox starred in the `` Back to the Future '' franchise as time-travelling teen Marty McFly .
Fan Expo Canada will run Aug. 30 to Sept. 2 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre .
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
Brunswick police warn of 'widespread rabies epidemic '
BRUNSWICK , Maine ( AP ) — Police in a Maine city are warning residents about a `` widespread rabies epidemic '' in the area .
The Portland Press Herald reports Brunswick police issued a warning Tuesday following the fourth confirmed case of rabies in the past three weeks .
A rabid fox attacked a man who was gardening last week . Another fox attacked a 95-year-old man on June 25 . There were two other attacks involving a skunk and a fox that later tested positive for rabies .
There have been 33 confirmed cases of rabies in animals in the state so far this year .
Police are advising residents to vaccinate their pets and stay away from wildlife . Residents can also call police if they see aggressive animals .
___
Information from : Portland Press Herald , http : //www.pressherald.com
The post referred to Minassian as `` Private ( Recruit ) Minassian Infantry 00010 '' in his post .
It is unclear whether Minassian was the author of the post .
The Canadian Armed Forces said Minassian was a member for about two months in 2017 , beginning in late August . He was then released after 16 days of recruit training , having made the request to exit the forces voluntarily .
Minassian studied at Seneca College , according to a LinkedIn page listing him as a student between 2011 to 2018 . He was also a member of the support staff at Seneca 's Office of Research and Innovation , according to the college 's directory . His name has since been removed .
Joseph Pham , 25 , said he sat next to Minassian in a computer programming class at Seneca , and that he saw him last Monday .
`` I never talked to him , '' Pham said . `` I sat beside him a few times . He kept to himself . He did n't really talk to anyone . He participated in class . He is , you could say , socially awkward . ''
Pham described Minassian as someone who would fidget or twitch frequently , and kept to himself . He also had a knack for computer programming , and developed a Toronto Parking Authority app , Pham said .
Access to a Richmond Hill street , near Bayview and 16th Aves. , was restricted by Monday evening , with yellow police tape surrounding a home listed to Vahe and Sona Minassian , property records show .
In a 2009 interview with the Richmond Hill Liberal , a Sona Minassian said her son lives with a condition called Asperger 's syndrome , a form of autism , and relied on Helpmate , a social service community program whose lack of funding threatened to shutter it .
`` My son would spend afternoons working with Helpmate . They were sensitive to his needs , '' she said , not naming her son .
`` He was able to take the experience provided by Helpmate and apply it . This kind of service for my son was n't available elsewhere . I am convinced that if we did n't have Helpmate , my son would not have had such an opportunity , '' Sona Minassian said of the job her son was able to land at a local IT company .
Minassian was part of a special needs program at Thornlea Secondary School , said former classmate Will Cornish , 25 . Minassian did n't behave violently , he said , but could be seen in the hallways twisting his hands together .
Dominic Reynolds was in Grade 11 when Minassian began high school , but would often share the special needs program classroom with him . Though Reynolds , 28 , was n't in the special needs program , he said to accommodate his learning disability he was sometimes required to study in the same room .
`` He ( had ) notable special needs , '' Reynolds said of Minassian , citing his behaviour of making meowing noises and hugging his arms around himself in the hallways at school .
He said he was surprised to hear Minassian was the suspected driver as he did n't believe Minassian would be able to drive given his special needs condition . Reynolds said special needs students were well supported at Thornlea , and does n't believe Minassian was a bullying victim .
Shannon Goel , 25 , said Minassian was in her Grade 5 class at Sixteenth Avenue Public School in Richmond Hill . When she heard his name reported on the news she got out her old yearbook .
`` I just remember him acting out , '' she said . `` He would throw fits , he would always act out , and it was hard for people to control him . ''
March 31 Oryzon Genomics SA :
* Says carried out 18.2 million euro ( $ 19.4 million ) share capital increase via issue and private placement among qualified investors of 5.7 million new ordinary shares
* Says share placement at 3.20 euros per share , corresponding to a 17.86 percent discount versus closing price on March 30
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9369 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Burns , too , is pumped that the former St. Mary Crusader will don the maroon and grey for the next two years .
`` Christina 's basketball IQ is tremendous , '' said the Mac bench boss . `` She has such an outstanding work ethic . And she 's a wonderful teammate .
`` Christina will bring a veteran presence at both the offensive and defensive ends of the court . ''
More significantly , though , `` Christina will be a tremendous role model for the young players in our community , '' Burns added . `` I think Christina is a perfect fit for our program . ''
Clearly , Iowa was not the perfect fit for Buttenham .
`` I lost myself as a player while I was in Iowa , '' said the life science major . `` I hope to bring 'me ' to Mac . I am really looking forward to being the confident player I was and , with extra work , being better than before . ''
When asked what made Mac so attractive , the former Hamilton Spectator All-Star was quick to reply . `` The people , '' she said . `` The coaches at Mac have been so kind , so welcoming . And the players , too . ''
Mac 's style of play and the fact that she gets to play so close to home was also appealing .
`` After being 11 hours away from home for three years , I really started to miss home , '' she added .
Buttenham brings so much more to the game than her court skills .
`` Christina is such an intelligent , kind , respectful person , '' said Burns . `` I know the entire Hamilton basketball community is as excited as we are to see her on the Burridge court . ''
And clearly , Buttenham is excited , too .
`` I ca n't wait to put on that McMaster uniform . ''
Cecelia Carter Smith is a former world record holder in track and is member of the Hamilton Gallery of Distinction and Hamilton Sports Hall of Fame .
MEMPHIS , Tenn. ( AP ) `` Darian King , a qualifier from Barbados , knocked off No . 5 seed Bernard Tomic 6-4 , 6-4 on Tuesday in the first round of the Memphis Open .
King , ranked 140th in the world , dropped just 12 points in 10 service games and never faced a break-point situation against the 32nd-ranked Tomic .
Other first-round winners Tuesday included No . 7 seed Steve Darcis of Belgium , Ryan Harrison of the United States and Matthew Ebden of Australia .
Harrison won 6-3 . 7-5 over Russia 's Konstantin Kravchuk to advance to a second-round matchup with No . 3 seed Sam Querrey . Darcis won 7-5 , 3-6 , 6-4 over Radu Albot of Moldova .
Ebden rallied from a break down in each of the last two sets to beat Canada 's Peter Polansky 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-3 , 6-1 in a matchup between two qualifiers . Ebden won the last six games of a match that featured a total of 14 service breaks .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
April 3 Magnegas Corp
* Magnegas reports 50 pct increase in revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016
* Q4 revenue $ 2.5 million
* Magnegas Corp says gross margins for three months ended December 31 , 2016 increased 441 basis points to 46 pct from 41 pct for same period last year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Your Super Bowl party might be divided when it comes to cheering for the Patriots or the Eagles , but , one thing everyone is rooting for : Amazing commercials .
And , actually , nearly one in four viewers on Sunday will be watching the Super Bowl just for the commercials . After all , those well-crafted ads are known for giving us all kinds of feels in a single commercial break , ranging from the sentimental to the hilarious . ( Here 's one from Amazon to be watching out for ) .
As it turns out , those behind the commercials might be just as nervous about winning consumers over as Tom Brady is winning another ring . A single 30-second spot can be a defining moment for the brands , explains the American Marketing Association , or AMA .
Here 's a sneak peek at what 's to come in 2018 :
In anticipation of Super Bowl LII ( which airs on NBC on Sunday , Feb. 4 at 6:30 p.m. Eastern ) , the AMA did an analysis showing how much the average cost of a 30-second ad during the Big Game costs . Interestingly , it has n't been a steady climb for Super Bowl ads over the years . For example , between 1970 and 1971 , the price of an ad fell by $ 6,000 from $ 78,000 to $ 72,000 . For the three games between 1991 and 1993 , the ad rate stayed flat at $ 850,000 . The cost of an add dipped from $ 2.1 million in 2001 to $ 1.9 million in 2002 .
Last year , advertisers shelled out , on average , $ 5.2 million for a spot . A 30-second spot in the 2018 Super Bowl will again cost in excess of $ 5 million , according to Sports Illustrated .
Here are some highlights over the years , according to the statistics rounded up by AMA ( view the full list below ! ) :
1967 : $ 42,000 , Green Bay Packers ( 35 ) VS Kansas City Chiefs ( 10 ) .
1972 : $ 86,000 , Dallas Cowboys ( 24 ) VS Miami Dolphins ( 3 )
1977 : $ 125,000 , Oakland Raiders ( 32 ) VS Minnesota Vikings ( 14 )
1982 : $ 324,000 San Francisco 49ers ( 26 ) VS Cincinnati Bengals ( 21 )
1987 : $ 600,000 New York Giants ( 39 ) VS Denver Broncos ( 20 )
1992 : $ 850,000 Washington Redskins ( 37 ) VS Buffalo Bills ( 24 )
1997 : $ 1.2 million Green Bay Packers ( 35 ) VS New England Patriots ( 21 )
2002 : $ 1.9 million New England Patriots ( 20 ) VS St. Louis Rams ( 17 )
2007 : $ 2.6 million Indianapolis Colts ( 29 ) VS Chicago Bears ( 17 )
2012 : $ 3.5 million New York Giants ( 21 ) VS New England Patriots ( 17 )
2017 : $ 5.02 million New England Patriots ( 34 ) VS Atlanta Falcons ( 28 )
Here 's the full list from the AMA , in one handy chart :
So , what 's your favorite Super Bowl commercial of all time ?
Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Evening ' game
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Texas Lottery 's `` All or Nothing Evening '' game were :
06-07-09-11-12-13-18-19-20-21-22-23
( six , seven , nine , eleven , twelve , thirteen , eighteen , nineteen , twenty , twenty-one , twenty-two , twenty-three )
Saudi Arabia 's Sedco Capital launches green investment strategy
June 15 Saudi Arabia 's Sedco Capital said on Thursday it has launched an investment strategy combining environment-conscious and sharia-compliant principles , as Islamic financial firms gradually embrace socially responsible investing .
April 28 Fuji Kiko Co Ltd
* Says Jtekt Corp offered a takeover bid for 35.3 million shares ( or no less than 17.6 million shares )
* Offered purchase price at 740 yen per share , or 26.1 billion yen in total
* Says Jtekt Corp aims to hold 100 percent voting power of the company
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/f4vYAG
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
March 29 Hong Kong Building And Loan Agency Ltd
* Group is expected to record a decrease in loss attributable to owners of company of approximately 70 % to 80 % for year ended 31 december 2016
* Loss for year ended 31 december 2016 is mainly attributable to impairment of goodwill of approximately hk $ 110.4 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
March 31 ( Reuters ) -
* Moody 's : Saudi Arabia 's fiscal position remains strong , but high oil dependency is key credit challenge
* Moody 's on Saudi Arabia - while government has announced ambitious and comprehensive reform plans , expects implementation of reforms to be challenging
* Moody 's on Saudi Arabia - stable outlook reflects Moody 's view that risks to Saudi Arabia 's credit profile are broadly balanced
* Moody 's on Saudi Arabia - anticipates a mild real gdp contraction of 0.2 % in 2017 due to lower oil production
* Moody 's on Saudi Arabia - forecasts a sizeable budget deficit of 10.5 % of GDP in 2017 , narrowing to 9.2 % in 2018
* Moody 's on Saudi Arabia - over medium-term , forecasts government 's revenue sources will become diversified , with oil and gas revenue declining to 54 % by 2020 .
* Moody 's - A1 rating , outlook supported by strong fiscal position , Saudi Arabia 's large oil and gas reserves at low production costs , high levels of external liquidity Source text - bit.ly/2oFBXHy ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
NEW YORK – supermodel Kate Upton has been chosen for the cover of the latest Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue .
It 's Upton 's third time as the magazine 's cover model .
Upton has a connection to Central Virginia .
She is engaged to Detroit Tiger star pitcher and Goochland native Justin Verlander .
The power couple has been spotted around town over the years , especially during holidays when Justin comes home to see his parents .
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
Armyworms eat maize leaves in Ngong township , KenyaFILE PHOTO : Army worms eat maize leaves as they attack a maize garden in Ngong township , Kenya , May 9 , 1999 . REUTERS/George Mulala/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : A crop-eating armyworm is seen on a sorghum plant at a farm in Settlers , northern province of Limpopo , South Africa , February 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko/File Photo
ADDIS ABABA Crop-eating caterpillars known as fall armyworms have damaged crops across southern Ethiopia , the latest country to be struck by the pests in a region already struggling with widespread drought and hunger , authorities said on Thursday .
In March , Uganda confirmed that the caterpillars had attacked crops on farms in about 20 districts in the country , while neighboring Kenya has dispatched a team of scientists and other experts to investigate reports of their appearance .
In a statement , Ethiopia 's farming ministry said the pests have so far damaged crops in nearly 10,700 hectares of land in the country 's Oromiya area and a region known as SNNP , short for Southern Nations , Nationalities , and People .
`` Thirty-five thousand liters of chemicals have been purchased and distributed to spray affected areas with insecticide , '' said Zebdios Selato , the body 's director for plant healthcare .
The attacks could further affect agricultural output in a country where a drought has left 5.6 million people needing food aid . Drought and conflict have put four countries in the region at risk of mass starvation - northeast Nigeria , Somalia , South Sudan and Yemen - according to the U.N. refugee agency .
The caterpillar is native to North and South America , though it has already spread to other parts of Africa including Zambia , Zimbabwe , Malawi , South Africa , Namibia , Mozambique and Democratic Republic of Congo .
The United Nations fears it could reach Asia and the Mediterranean in the next few years .
( Reporting by Aaron Maasho ; Editing by Katharine Houreld , Larry King )
April 20 Pool Corp :
* Pool Corporation reports record first quarter results and updates 2017 earnings guidance range
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.52
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.40 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 sales $ 546.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 522.8 million
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $ 4.12 to $ 4.32
* Pool Corp - during Q1 of 2017 , adopted accounting standards update ( ASU ) 2016-09
* Pool Corp - expect adoption impact of new ASU to add to $ 0.30 per diluted share to previously reported earnings guidance range of $ 3.80 to $ 4.00 per diluted share
* Pool- adoption of ASU resulted in tax benefit recorded in provision for income taxes , positive impact on net income , EPS , among other things in quarter
* Pool - adoption of ASU in quarter resulted in increase of about 500,000 diluted weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate earnings per diluted share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON Libya 's $ 66 billion sovereign fund should invest in domestic power and energy infrastructure but must first unite the factions battling to control it and get sanctions on its assets lifted , one of its leaders said .
Ali Shamekh , chief executive of the Libyan Investment Authority ( LIA ) , told Reuters on the sidelines of the Global Sovereign Wealth Forum in London on Wednesday he was working to unify the LIA , hobbled by a long leadership dispute .
Shamekh was appointed chief executive in August 2016 by authorities in the east of the country , but the United Nations-backed Government of National Accord ( GNA ) also named a Steering Committee to manage the fund . This is headed by Ali Mahmoud Hassan Mohamed .
Meanwhile , AbdulMagid Breish , who says he is chairman of LIA , has moved back into the fund 's head office in Tripoli following a Tripoli court ruling freezing the decree that created the steering committee .
Shamekh , who has held a number of senior positions in Libya , including chief executive of Libya Oil Holdings and TAMOIL Africa Holdings , said he had been working hard `` since day one '' to unite the LIA .
`` There is room for everybody - if we continue like this , it will harm LIA and the implementation of the vision and strategy . My target is to bring unity and stability , and one team to LIA . ''
The fund faces other challenges - not least that many of its assets remain frozen under United Nations sanctions .
Shamekh said he was `` working to unfreeze these '' and preparing an investment plan for when Libya stabilizes . `` It will not proceed until the sanctions are lifted , '' he added .
The U.N. Security Council said last year it was prepared to consider changes to sanctions only when the GNA could confirm it had full control over the fund , the National Oil Corporation and the central bank .
But the country remains deeply divided between factions based in Tripoli and the east . Libyan oil production remains far below the 1.6 million barrels per day that it pumped before its 2011 uprising .
`` INCUBATION '' FUND
Shamekh said the fall in production , lower oil prices and instability in Libya meant he was considering investing part of the fund 's capital inside the country .
`` There are not enough resources or money coming into the country , '' he said .
`` LIA can play a role in directing some of its funds into energy and power generation , both traditional and renewables , oil and gas , and infrastructure - our ports and airports need rehabilitation . ''
He said he was considering starting an `` incubation and acceleration '' fund to back young entrepreneurs with seed capital , particularly in the IT and financial services sectors .
The money for this inward investment could come from the $ 11 billion Libyan Local Investment and Development Fund , a subsidiary of LIA . Shamekh also wants to reopen a London office .
`` We are considering having a presence for LIA in London ... it 's under evaluation by the board of directors , '' he said . `` The United Kingdom and London in particular is a focal point of our future strategy overseas . ''
The office would be staffed by Libyan and British experts , with the aim of enlarging Libya 's investments in Britain and using the office as a platform to encourage international investors to look at Libya .
`` When international investors see LIA investing inside Libya ... they will be assured they are coming with a serious partner who can provide them with security and comfort that they will have a good return on their investment , '' Shamekh said .
The LIA 's court case against investment bank Société Générale is due in London 's High Court in late April . Shamekh said he was hoping for a better outcome than in the fund 's case against Goldman Sachs , which it lost last year .
( Reporting by Claire Milhench ; editing by Andrew Roche )
President Yahya Jammeh says the West African community 's decision to send troops into The Gambia to force him to accept defeat in last month 's presidential election , is `` a declaration of war '' .
Leaders from the Economic Community of West African States , or ECOWAS , deployed troops to The Gambia on Thursday after Jammeh said he would not accept the results of December 's election , in which he lost to opposition leader Adama Barrow .
In a New Year 's message broadcast on Saturday , Jammeh said the `` blatant and one-sided '' approach of ECOWAS , `` disqualified it from providing mediation services '' .
`` Let me make very clear , we are ready to defend this country against any aggression , '' Jammeh said , adding that if ECOWAS did not back down `` the impasse will continue with the risk of escalation into a military confrontation '' .
He added , `` What we are simply and rightfully asking for is to return to the polls and allow the Gambians to elect who they want to be their president in a free and fair election . ''
After more than two decades in power , Jammeh , 51 , lost a December 1 election to Barrow , a former real-estate agent .
After initially accepting the result , Jammeh later rejected it , alleging irregularities , and filed a petition to the Supreme Court which is due to be reviewed on January 10 .
Barrow has insisted he will take office nine days later , as planned , with ECOWAS leaders set to attend the ceremony .
Earlier this month , ECOWAS said it would stage a military intervention , led by neighbouring Senegal , if Jammeh failed to step down and set a deadline of January 19 , the day of Barrow 's planned inauguration .
The UN Security Council has called on Jammeh to `` fully respect '' the election results and ensure Barrow 's safety .
The electoral commission said Barrow obtained 222,708 votes ( 43.3 percent ) compared with Jammeh 's 208,487 ( 39.6 percent ) .
Jammeh has questioned the validity of the count after the electoral commission changed some results , even though it insists the outcome was not affected .
BERLIN Germany wants to use its presidency of the Group of 20 major economies to promote fast internet for all , agree common technical standards and promote lifelong digital learning , Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said .
Zypries ' comments come ahead of a first meeting of G20 ministers responsible for digital policy later this week in Duesseldorf , ahead of a G20 summit chaired by Germany in July .
Germany wants the G20 to agree to a concrete plan , including rolling out fast internet across the globe by 2025 .
`` The message must be : we are working together to make the opportunities of the digital revolution usable for all and to regulate it through a framework of rules , '' Zypries said in emailed answers to questions from Reuters .
Zypries said Germany and Europe were in a good position to take a leading role in the development of the so-called Internet of Things ( IoT ) , in which regular objects are connected to networks to send and receive data .
By 2020 , 21 billion IoT devices will be in use worldwide , up from fewer than 5 billion last year , research firm Gartner has estimated . However , experts argue that the lack of global standards is stopping the sector reach its full potential .
Zypries said she was not concerned that the U.S. government will not be represented at the minister level at the meeting in Germany , noting that the administration under new President Donald Trump was still filling hundreds of positions .
`` In the end , it is not a matter of who is sitting at the table , but achieving a good and resilient result together , '' she said .
Zypries reiterated her concerns about growing U.S. protectionism , noting that U.S. companies such as Alphabet 's Google , Facebook ( FB.O ) and Apple ( AAPL.O ) were leaders in digital products and services .
`` They export their products and services very successfully in the world , also to Germany , and are reliant on free trade . The United States also needs our machines and products to build up American industry , '' she said .
( Reporting by Gernot Heller ; Writing by Emma Thomasson ; Editing by Alison Williams )
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo , April 13 Yields on Brazilian interest rate futures were flat on Thursday after the central bank cut rates by an expected 100 basis points but refrained from signaling a steeper reduction ahead . In a unanimous vote , the bank agreed on the deepest cut in nearly eight years , bringing the overnight Selic lending rate to an almost two-year low of 11.25 percent . Despite calls from some politicians and business leaders for the central bank to be even more aggressive , the policy statement announcing the decision suggested it would keep the current pace of cuts for now . JPMorgan economists wrote in a note to clients : `` At the current juncture , we keep our call for another 100bp cut at the May meeting , followed by one cut of 75 basis points in July and a final 50 basis-point cut in September . '' Rate future yields indicated an 80 percent probability of a 100 basis-point cut in May , with a 20 percent chance of a 125 basis point reduction , traders said . The Brazilian real firmed 0.4 percent , tracking other Latin American currencies higher after U.S. President Donald Trump said that the U.S. dollar was getting too strong and he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low . Brazil 's benchmark Bovespa stock index , however , was nearly flat . Shares of planemaker Embraer SA fell 2.6 percent , leading losses on the index , after disappointing first-quarter delivery figures . Analysts at Morgan Stanley Securities cut the price target on U.S.-listed Embraer shares to $ 23 from $ 27 . Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1500 GMT : Stock indexes daily % YTD % The Latest change change MSCI Emerging Markets 963.86 0.59 11.13 MSCI LatAm 2633.66 0.87 11.54 Brazil Bovespa 63920.55 0.05 6.13 Mexico IPC 48955.82 -1.37 7.26 Chile IPSA 4863.18 -0.02 17.15 Chile IGPA 24373.17 -0.01 17.55 Argentina MerVal 20812.17 -0.86 23.02 Colombia IGBC 10250.56 0.22 1.21 Venezuela IBC 47030.02 0.47 48.34 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1195 0.41 4.16 Mexico peso 18.5175 0.15 12.02 Chile peso 648.4 0.48 3.44 Colombia peso 2869.25 -0.07 4.61 Peru sol 3.254 0.00 4.92 Argentina peso ( interbank ) 15.1700 0.66 4.65 Argentina peso ( parallel ) 15.64 0.32 7.54 ( Reporting by Bruno Federowski ; Editing by Dan Grebler )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
Bellflower ( Calif. ) St. John Bosco outside linebacker Spencer Lytle has visited Colorado a few times before as his brother , Tyler Lytle , is a redshirt freshman quarterback for the Buffaloes . The 20 ...
Kieran Fenton 's stay at Worksop Town has come to and end after it was confirmed the former Nottingham Forest man had joined Basford United .
The 22-year-old defender , who joined Tigers in March of last year , completed his move to the Evo-Stik First Division South side on Tuesday evening .
Fenton was propelled straight into the action as he made his debut for Basford in Tuesday night 's 4-2 loss to Chasetown .
He posted on Twitter : “ Thank you @ worksoptownfc it 's easy to fall out with the game . The fans , the staff and the players put me back on with football . ”
Worksop Town posted : “ Everyone at the club would like to wish @ KieranJayFenton all the best at his new club and for the future ... a top top lad .. good luck Fents . ”
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan ( before tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016 , to shareholders of record on June 19
Portis shot 10 of 15 and nailed all three 3-pointers .
Al Horford scored 15 for Boston ( 23-6 ) . Jaylen Brown , Marcus Smart and Terry Rozier added 13 points apiece in the Celtics ' most lopsided loss of the season .
`` Sometimes you get your butt kicked . It was simple as that , '' coach Brad Stevens said . `` Chicago dictated the whole game . They played harder than we did . They played with more presence than we did . They played more competitive than we did . They played with more authority than we did . You 're not going to win many games when you play like that . ''
PULLING AWAY
Boston got within 12 in the fourth quarter before Portis hit a 20-footer and Mirotic made a 3 to make it 90-73 with just under eight minutes left . The Bulls remained in control the rest of the way .
Mirotic came through with 16 points as Chicago grabbed a 56-42 halftime lead . Portis scored 15 in the first half .
The Bulls wiped out a four-point deficit and led 52-34 after a 24-2 run in the second quarter . Portis scored 10 during that stretch , nailing two 3s , and Mirotic finished it with a short hook .
QUOTABLE
`` It feels like it 's March , but if it 's not , '' said Mirotic , who has averaged 16.5 points in March during his career — more than in any other month .
TIP-INS
Celtics : Stevens said he does n't expect Irving to be out long , though he added : `` Who knows with muscular injuries . '' ... Stevens also said doctors will re-evaluate F Marcus Morris ' ailing left knee on Tuesday . Morris sat out for the second straight night and the third time in four games . He also missed the first eight games of the season . ... Horford had five assists . ... Boston 's 85 points were a season low .
Bulls : Markkanen participated in the morning shootaround and got treatment afterward . But coach Fred Hoiberg said the prized rookie 's back continued to tighten . ... Kris Dunn had 12 points , his career-high fifth straight game in double digits . ... David Nwaba had 13 points and six rebounds .
UP NEXT
Celtics : Host Denver on Wednesday .
Bulls : Host Utah on Wednesday .
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Andrew Seligman , The Associated Press
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe is hoping to lead his side to their first away victory over south coast rivals Southampton when the teams meet at the St Mary 's Stadium in the Premier League on Saturday .
Bournemouth have failed to win on 12 visits to face Southampton , a run stretching back to 1953 .
`` We 've never won at Southampton , so we want to create history this weekend , '' Howe told reporters on Friday . `` From our perspective , this weekend is a bit of a different game for us . We want to give our supporters something to shout about . ''
An eight-game run without a win in the league , from the start of the year to early March , was threatening to drag Bournemouth into the relegation battle , but back-to-back victories has lifted the club to 11th , nine points above the bottom three .
`` We 've been more consistent recently , but we know there 's a long way to go and that we have a tough run of fixtures ahead , '' Howe added .
On-loan midfielder Jack Wilshere , who left Arsenal in search of more game time , has been relegated to the bench in Bournemouth 's last three league games .
Wilshere , once regarded as one of the brightest young hopes in English football before a series of injury setbacks , has been strongly linked with a move to AC Milan and Howe admits he is unsure where the 25-year-old will be plying his trade next season .
`` Jack will be the one that decides his future , obviously in conjunction with Arsenal , '' Howe added .
`` He just wanted to have the best season that he can ... it will be interesting to see what happens beyond that point . ''
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Canada 's Imperial Oil Ltd on Friday reported a quarterly loss , compared with a profit last year , when it realized a nearly C $ 1 billion gain from the sale of its service stations .
The oil producer and refiner 's net loss was C $ 137 million ( $ 111 million ) , or 16 Canadian cents per share , in the fourth quarter , compared with a profit of C $ 1.44 billion , or C $ 1.70 , a year earlier .
Imperial Oil , majority owned by Exxon Mobil Corp , said production remained unchanged at 399,000 gross oil-equivalent barrels per day . ( $ 1 = C $ 1.23 ) ( Reporting by Nishara Karuvalli Pathikkal ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
NEW YORK May 3 Magellan Midstream Partners LP is evaluating a new pipeline to transport crude and condensate from the Permian Basin to Corpus Christi in Texas , its top executive said during a company earnings call on Wednesday .
The new pipeline would join a number of other midstream players looking to grow in the largest U.S. shale play .
Magellan also said it was evaluating a further expansion of its 300,000 barrels per day BridgeTex crude pipeline , which flows from the Permian Basin to the Houston area , to 475,000 bpd . The current expansion up to 400,000 bpd is expected to be operational by the end of the second quarter . ( Reporting by Catherine Ngai ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
May 2 Soros Fund Management Llc :
* Letter to board of directors of Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate Plc
* Disappointed with terms of transaction as well as our understanding of process leading to agreement
* Would welcome a sale if priced and structured appropriately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
U.S. President Donald Trump in the East Room at the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON A Democratic U.S. senator pressed Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) on Wednesday to release information about issues including President Donald Trump 's debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials , saying he had `` great concern '' about possible conflicts of interest .
`` I write to you with great concern regarding conflicts of interest between Deutsche Bank and the President of the United States and how these conflicts may impact ongoing investigations and regulatory oversight of your institution , '' Senator Chris Van Hollen wrote in a letter addressed to the chief executive of Deutsche Bank USA , which he released to the public .
Van Hollen is a member of the Senate Banking Committee .
A spokeswoman for Deutsche Bank declined comment . White House officials did not respond to a request for comment .
Van Hollen 's letter said prior financial disclosures listed two loans and two mortgages for which Deutsche Bank was the lender and Trump the borrower . Those loans amounted to about $ 340 million ( £271 million ) , with another $ 950 million extended to a venture in which Trump owns a 30 percent stake , he wrote .
The letter also noted that Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser , holds a multimillion-dollar line of credit at Deutsche Bank .
Van Hollen asked for a response by May 12 .
( Reporting by Patricia Zengerle ; Editing by Tom Brown )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , she said on Wednesday .
This past Sunday was the last day of the UN 's UNITE campaign , which marks 16 days of activism against gender-based violence that began on Nov. 25 , the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women and ran until Dec. 10 , Human Rights Day . For us in Canada , it also includes Dec. 6 , the day we remember the 14 young women killed in the Montreal Massacre . It 's a sombre time of year in our national memory .
It also coincided with Time magazine 's announcement of their Person of the Year issue , the `` Silence Breakers '' of the # MeToo movement . # MeToo was started by American social activist Tarana Burke several years ago , but has since gained new traction in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal and the flood of accusations coming from newly empowered women finally speaking truth to power .
It certainly seems like a watershed moment . The only questions to ask are : What took so long ? And now that it 's here , can we count on real change ?
For the last couple of weeks , I 've been binge-watching `` Mad Men . '' I 'm captivated by the set design , by the costuming , and by the backstage insight into the advertising game , but more than anything else , I 'm attuned to the gender disparity , the double standard and the outright sexism that women lived with day in and day out in the workplace and in the home . This was my parents ' generation and , frankly , I do n't know how our mothers put up with it . Well , I guess they did n't . That 's why we have legislation around discrimination in the workplace and domestic abuse and sexual assault in the home . If it is n't for the people willing to step up and speak out , nothing changes .
In thinking about this watershed moment , at a time in history when equal pay for equal work is law , when discrimination based on sex/gender is actionable , and when women 's workplace participation is at its postwar height , we 've been primed to believe the truth of women 's workplace experience , not just because of the example of `` Mad Men , '' but because of the overwhelming number of women 's , and some men 's , stories that emerged to say # MeToo . We can thank the relative anonymity of social media in helping to burst the dam .
Some of the fallout has been humorous . A U.S. female political candidate has made the fact that she lacks a penis part of her campaign platform . Former U.S. President Barack Obama , speaking at a private event , said more women need to be elected because men `` seem to be having problems these days . '' On the flip side , there are those who caution against a `` witch hunt , '' afraid maybe for the sake of their own reputation ; and among the accused , those who excuse their behaviour as being `` of the times . '' The truly insidious backlash will be , as Sheryl Sandberg suggests , if women are seen as the problem and their equal access to opportunity skirted out of fears accusations could fly around their male colleagues . That 's already happening ; Vice-President Mike Pence has stated he does n't meet alone with women . Women ca n't be trusted . Or he ca n't trust himself . It 's not clear .
Will anything change ?
Many people echo Obama in saying we need more women in politics , in corporate leadership , on boards of directors , in all industries and sectors . That 's not new ; it 's been a rallying cry for years . Critical mass is important in influencing group dynamics , and more women will mean fewer men . That is a sad fact for men . But some men clearly do n't deserve the power they 've been given , they 've been promoted under false pretences and their spot should go to a competent and qualified woman . The best news coming out from the Weinstein scandal is the possibility that an all-women team will buy The Weinstein Co. , a phoenix rising from the ashes .
I like to think that men are paying attention and rethinking their behaviour , examining their own relationships with colleagues , friends and families to discover where they really sit on the equality meter . But I also like to think that women are rethinking their responses to sexist behaviour , are gaining strength and support in their numbers , and are developing a language of resistance that they can use in the moment to stand up for themselves , and to address the issues officially should they decide to report it .
Yankees reinstated AJ Cole from 10-day DL
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The New York Yankees have reinstated right-handed pitcher A.J . Cole from the 10-day disabled list .
Cole completed a brief , two-game rehabilitation stint with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and missed nearly two weeks with a left neck strain .
Acquired from the Washington Nationals for cash considerations on April 23 , the 26-year old reliever has struck out 15 and allowed just one earned run over 13 innings with the Yankees .
Jonathan Loaisiga was optioned to Triple-A following New York 's 5-3 , extra-inning loss to the Atlanta Braves on Monday night .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
April 9 Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova did it again , winning her fourth Abierto GNP Seguros title by beating top-seeded world number one Angelique Kerber 6-4 2-6 6-1 in Monterrey , Mexico on Sunday .
Germany 's Kerber , who lost the Monterrey final to Pavlyuchenkova in 2013 , was denied her first tournament title of the year in a see-saw victory by the Russian in stifling heat .
`` I 'm really overwhelmed and do n't think I realised that I just won my fourth Monterrey trophy , '' second seed Pavlyuchenkova told reporters . `` It 's very special and it 's a special place in my heart .
`` Playing against the number one player in the world is already very special because everyone wants to compete against the number one . You do n't get so many chances to do it , so it was one opportunity for me today . Beating her feels amazing . ''
Pavlyuchenkova seized the early advantage in the match , taking the only break of the first set on her third set point .
Kerber won a long third game to break serve in the second set and rode that momentum to level the match .
Pavyluchenkova , who reached quarters at both the Australian Open and BNP Paribas Open this year , raced to a 5-0 lead in the final set and served out to claim her ninth career title in just under two hours .
The Russian was the clear aggressor , cracking 49 winners to 31 unforced errors while Kerber registered only 14 outright winners in the final . ( Reporting by Larry Fine in New York ; Editing by Andrew Both )
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
April 13 Westjet Airlines Ltd
* Westjet reports March load factor of 84.1 percent
* March load factor 84.1 percent , up 0.9 points
* Westjet Airlines Ltd - revenue passenger miles ( rpms ) , or traffic for March increased 8.7 per cent year-over-year
* March 2017 ASMS 2.68 billion , up 7.4 percent
* Q1 RPMS 6.39 billion , up 6.8 percent
* Westjet Airlines Ltd - Q1 load factor 83.0 percent versus 82.1 percent
* Westjet Airlines Ltd - Q1 ASMS 7.699 billion , up 5.6 percent Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
ORLANDO , Fla. — If the Washington Wizards are missing All-Star point guard John Wall , they certainly are n't showing it .
Washington won its fourth straight game while Wall is sidelined because of a knee injury , pounding the Orlando Magic 115-98 on Saturday night .
Tomas Satoransky , who replaced Wall in the starting lineup , had a career-high 19 points , six assists and was n't needed in the fourth quarter after helping the Wizards blow open the game in the third .
Otto Porter led Washington with 20 points . Bradley Beal , who also sat out the final period , had 18 points , eight assists and eight rebounds . Marcin Gortat contributed 10 points and 11 rebounds , and Markieff Morris had 16 points as all five starters hit double figures .
`` With John being out , it 's even more of a challenge for us , but we accept it head on , '' Beal said . `` We were n't playing our style of basketball early in the season and over the course of the last four games , we 've figured it out . We 're moving the ball and playing really well . ''
Washington had 35 assists in the game , while shooting 54.1 per cent from the field . The Wizards used a 10-0 run the final four minutes of the first half and an 18-5 run in the middle of the third quarter to open a 23-point lead .
Many of Washington 's baskets were layups after thread-the-needle passes in traffic or wide open 3-pointers when Orlando 's defence collapsed inside .
`` Maybe teams are underestimating us , '' Gortat said . `` Maybe they think because we do n't have John , we 're going to come in and lay down , but we 're not . We 're fighting . We have smart guys , who are playing hard for each other and it 's working . ''
Orlando was coming off one of its best performances of the season , a 127-105 rout of the Los Angeles Lakers . The Magic have n't won two straight since Nov. 10 and did n't look all that interested in changing that against the Wizards .
After Washington 's third-quarter burst put Orlando in a 23-point hole , the Magic could n't get the lead under 17 the rest of the game .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Texas man arrested after heroin seized in Nebraska
OMAHA , Neb . ( AP ) — The Nebraska State Patrol says a Texas man has been arrested after an undercover investigator found 11 pounds of heroin on him , including some strapped to his torso .
The patrol says the investigator was at the bus station near downtown Omaha when he saw a man wearing a jacket at 6 a.m. Monday , while temperatures were in the 70s .
The patrol says the man agreed to a search of his bag and backpack , which turned up two clear-wrapped packages of drugs . The patrol says eight more packages wrapped in a band around his torso were found . The estimated street value of the heroin is $ 250,000 .
Investigators say the 25-year-old man from El Paso , Texas , was headed to Iowa City . He 's charged with possession of 140 grams or more of heroin and having no drug tax stamp . He remains in the Douglas County jail .
WASHINGTON Saudi Arabia plans next month to award licenses to at least 15 U.S. companies to operate in the kingdom , two Saudi officials said on Thursday , with one saying they would go to technology and pharmaceutical firms among others .
Dow Chemical Co ( DOW.N ) last June said it had become the first foreign company to receive a trading license from Saudi Arabia as the kingdom seeks to diversify its economy and reduce its dependence on oil exports amid a slump in global oil prices .
A year ago the world 's top oil exporter announced a package of economic and social policies known as Vision 2030 to try to dramatically increase non-oil revenue . A plunge in oil prices since mid-2014 has intensified the need for the plan , which relies on an expanding private sector , selling shares in the Saudi state-owned oil company and cutting government subsidies .
`` Next month we will ... give 15 licenses to American companies , '' a Saudi official told reporters on condition of anonymity , later saying `` at least 15 '' would be awarded and that they would go to technology , pharmaceutical and other sectors .
`` Most of them are outside the oil and gas field , '' a second Saudi official told reporters , also on condition of anonymity .
The officials said none of the licenses would go to firms affiliated with U.S. President Donald Trump or his family .
The first official said all major stock exchanges , including those in Tokyo , London and Shanghai , were vying to make the case for Saudi Aramco to list with them in the oil company 's planned initial public offering next year .
China is creating a consortium , including state-owned oil giants and banks and its sovereign wealth fund , that will act as a cornerstone investor in the initial public offering , people with knowledge of the discussions told Reuters .
The planned Chinese investment makes it more likely that Saudi Aramco would seek a listing in Asia , with Hong Kong currently the front-runner among bourses in the region , the same people said .
( Reporting by Yara Bayoumy and Arshad Mohammed ; Editing by Phil Berlowitz )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
MINNEAPOLIS — Philadelphia Eagles starting defensive tackle Tim Jernigan returned to practice Friday after missing two days this week because of an illness .
The NFC champions had everyone participate as they continued preparations to face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl on Sunday .
Coach Doug Pederson gave a lengthy speech after practice , according to a pool report .
`` Play loose , have fun , enjoy the moment , '' Pederson said he told his players . `` These opportunities , as you know , do n't come around every year . Also , make sure just to reflect on this season , reflect on the journey that got us here . But just play for one another , have fun and enjoy it . ''
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
French court advisor says Google not liable for back taxes
PARIS , June 14 U.S. internet giant Google should not be held liable for over one billion euros ( $ 1.13 billion ) in back taxes in France , an independent court advisor recommended to French judges , a court official said on Tuesday .
ANKARA Turkey dismissed 45 more judges and prosecutors on Monday as part of investigations into last July 's failed coup , the state-run Anadolu agency said , meaning around 4,000 members of the judiciary have now been purged .
Turkish authorities have detained , sacked or dismissed more than 113,000 people from the police , military , public service , judiciary and elsewhere since the abortive coup over suspected ties to U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen , whom Ankara accuses of orchestrating the putsch .
Gulen , who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999 , has denied the charge and condemned the coup .
Anadolu also said the High Council of Judges and Prosecutors ( HSYK ) had suspended a judge and an official handling a case of 29 alleged members of Gulsen 's network from various media outlets , less than a week after the judge ruled for 21 of the suspects to be acquitted .
The case included the suspected administrators of a Twitter whistleblower under the pseudonym Fuat Avni , as well as other journalists .
Right groups and some Western allies fear President Tayyip Erdoğan is using the coup as a pretext to stifle dissent ; but the government argues the purges are justified by the extent of the threat to the state on July 15 when rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets , killing at least 240 people .
( Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu and Gulsen Solaker ; editing by Ralph Boulton )
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. — Gene Dias of the World Series champion Houston Astros has won the Robert O. Fishel Award for public relations excellence in the major leagues .
The honour was presented Monday at the winter meetings .
Dias has been with the Astros for nine seasons after nearly 20 years with Philadelphia that included time in the media relations department followed by a stint as director of community relations .
The award was named for the longtime executive with the Indians , St. Louis Browns , the Yankees and the American League . Fishel won the first award in 1981 , and the voting is conducted annually among active past winners and Major League Baseball staff .
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Iran shows off homemade stealth fighter jet
by Ryan Maass
Washington ( UPI ) Apr 17 , 2017
Iranian defense industry leaders presented the natively-built Qaher F-313 jet during a ceremony attended by high-ranking government officials .
The jet is a stealth platform previously dismissed as a `` hoax '' by Western observers due to several aesthetic irregularities . It was showcased during an exhibition hosted by the Iranian Helicopter Support and Renewal Company . RT reports the plane did not fly during the demonstration .
Iran 's President Hassan Rouhani spoke during the event , and praised the plane while appearing to target Western powers who have traditionally pushed against the country 's militarization .
`` We do n't ask for permission from others to reinforce our armed forces , do n't ask for permission to manufacture our missiles , our jets , '' he said .
During the same event , Iran also unveiled its latest domestically-made jet trainer , dubbed Kowsar . According to Tasnim News Agency , the plane can be used for aerial support missions in short distances , and can carry various weapons .
Iranian defense industry officials also presented a tactical unmanned aerial vehicle , an anti-ship cruise missile , and an air-to-air missile .
Washington ( UPI ) Apr 10 , 2017
U.S. Air Force F-35A Lightning II aircraft will soon head to Europe to perform military exercises , marking the plane 's first operational deployment . In a statement released by the U.S. Department of Defense on Friday , the Pentagon revealed the Air Force will participate in training events alongside NATO and other U.S. forces to support the European Reassurance initiative . U.S. an ... read more
Related Links
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
March 30 Mineralbrunnen Ueberkingen Teinach AG :
* FY group sales rose by 2.6 million euros to 139.8 million euros ( $ 150.06 million )
* Dividend increase to 0.31 euros per ordinary share and 0.39 euros per preference share for the 2016 financial year
* FY EBIT up at 4.6 million euros
* For current FY expects group sales slightly above the previous year 's level and further improvement in EBIT and ebitda in the single-digit percentage range Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9316 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
FILE PHOTO : Employees of German car manufacturer Mercedes-Benz make final adjustments at the end of the Mercedes A class ( A-Klasse ) production line at the factory in Rastatt , Germany , January 22 , 2016 . REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
BERLIN , German manufacturing activity held near a six-year high at the start of the second quarter , a survey showed on Tuesday , suggesting factories will continue to support economic growth in Europe 's biggest economy .
Markit 's Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) for manufacturing , which accounts for about a fifth of the economy , inched down to 58.2 in April from March 's 71-month high of 58.3 .
The index has now held above the 50 line separating growth from contraction for 29 months running , the second-longest run of growth in activity in the 21-year history of the survey .
The final reading was unchanged from a flash estimate published last month .
`` Although growth of output , new orders and employment all eased , this was mostly offset by more evidence of supply chain pressures as input delivery times lengthened to the greatest extent in six years , '' IHS Markit economist Trevor Balchin said .
Input price inflation accelerated for a record ninth month running to reach the highest level in nearly six years , the survey showed . Panelists pointed to higher steel costs as a key source of inflationary pressure .
`` Consequently , manufacturers increased their own prices at one of the fastest rates in six years , '' IHS Markit said .
( Reporting by Michael Nienaber ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT , June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division .
Irro-Reisen is offering charter bus , tour bus and business bus renting services for visitors in Berlin . The tours can be combined to include sightseeing , trips throughout the city as well as airport shuttle and business trip transportation arrangements .
Berlin is one of the most beautiful cities in the world . If you live there , you know how fortunate you are to be able to walk the streets of this gorgeous city and enjoy the architecture , spirit and people . If you are touring Germany and you got to the point that you are about to explore Berlin or went there straight from your home country , then you are in for a treat . There are hundreds of cultural places to go to and thousands of buildings that are like marvels of engineering and architecture that you absolutely must visit . Unfortunately , sometimes , as a tourist you might be limited in either your knowledge of where to go or time to make it to all the places . Whether that is the case or not , it is always a great idea to hire a bus that will take you around the city and its surrounding areas and show you some of the places that you would not have been able to see otherwise . Finding a bus charter in Berlin is easy because there is one company that caters to local as well as international tourists . Irro Reisen bus service in Berlin is known for its superb quality service as well as solid reputation on the market that they have been leading for forty years .
The company offers variety of services depending on your interests . For example , you can hire a coach to do sightsee , city tours , group-travel or rent a bust to visit Brandenburg Gate , the Reichstag and many other historic buildings . So , if you are planning to visit this beautiful city with a group of friends , it is especially beneficial to look into getting a bus service in Berlin . Moreover , the company can arrange a bus transfer in Berlin , pick you up from the airport and then take you out for sightseeing if that will be your arrangement . Apart from regular tourist attractions , Irro-Reisen also caters to business visitors . If you are in town for business purposes and need a bus that will be there for you from the point of entry at the airport , all throughout your journey , then you have found the best deal . That being said , Berlin is an amazing city and you need an amazing bus charter company that will help you explore it thoroughly . Do not hesitate , reach out to Irro-Reisen representatives and arrange your fulfilling trip throughout Berlin and its surrounding areas .
About Irro-Reisen Coach Charter Berlin :
Irro-Reisen is a company offering services to visitors to Berlin . The agency specializes in various coach and bus charter arrangements that include sightseeing , trips between cities as well as business travel accommodation . Prices are friendly and customer satisfaction always the top priority for each and every employee .
Contacts :
Company : Irro-Reisen Coach Charter Berlin
Address : Roland-Brandir-Str . 2 D-29439 Luechow ( Lower Saxony ) , Germany
Phone : +49 5841 977 325
Email : info @ coach-charter-berlin.com
Website : http : //www.coach-charter-berlin.com/
The Vikings announced Wednesday that future Hall of Famer wide receiver Randy Moss will be inducted into the team 's Ring of Honor in 2017 .
In eight years with the Vikings , Moss had 587 catches for 9,316 yards and 92 touchdowns , all second in team history to Cris Carter . He was named to five Pro Bowls with the team and to three All-Pro teams . His best season came in 2003 when he caught 111 passes for 1,632 yards and 17 touchdowns .
The relationship with Moss and the Vikings was n't always great . The Vikings ended up trading him to the Raiders in 2005 . The Vikings brought him back in 2010 , but he only played in four games , catching 13 passes for 174 yards and two touchdowns . Eventually the Vikings released him .
With that being said , Moss is one of the best receivers of all time and Moss might have been the best receiver ever during his stretch from 1998 to 2003 .
It 's good to see the Vikings and Moss to recognize that .
Congrats to @ RandyMoss being inducted to the Vikings Ring of Honor this season # skol pic.twitter.com/OAf5eAxnic — Andy Kenutis ( @ AndyKenutis ) June 14 , 2017
Current members of the Ring of Honor include : Fran Tarkenton , Alan Page , Jim Finks , Bud Grant , Paul Krause , Fred Zamberletti , Jim Marshall , Ron Yary , Korey Stringer , Mick Tingelhoff , Carl Eller , Cris Carter , Bill Brown , Jerry Burns , Randall McDaniel , Chuck Foreman , John Randle , Scott Studwell , Chris Doleman , Matt Blair and Joey Browner .
YORKSHIRE first-team coach Andrew Gale praised his team 's character after they required just 42 balls on the final morning to complete an innings and 88 run victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston .
The home side , trailing by 203 on first innings , resumed on 85-9 and last pair Jeetan Patel and Olly Hannon-Dalby took the score to 115 before the latter missed a forward push at Adil Rashid and was bowled .
Patel , who had just lifted Rashid straight for six , was left unbeaten on 49 , having hit five fours and one six , while the continually-impressive young seamer Ben Coad ended with 5-50 to earn himself match figures of 10-102 .
Yorkshire 's resounding victory was an emphatic response to their surprise defeat to Hampshire in their opening game last week .
“ It was a big week for us having played so well last week when we did n't get anything out of the game , ” said Gale .
“ I thought we showed a lot of character .
“ After last week 's game we spoke a lot about winning key passages of play . In the third innings we let Hampshire back in the game , but in this game we got an opportunity to get ourselves in front and get away from them and we took it .
“ If I was being ultra-critical I would have liked one of our top six to go on and get a hundred after they all got starts .
“ But , on the whole , winning those key sessions was the difference . ”
Yorkshire 's next Championship match is against Hampshire at the Ageas Bowl on Friday when they will have prized England duo Jonny Bairstow and Joe Root available .
Liam Plunketis expected to return to action for Yorkshire 's Royal London Cup campaign later this month .
While there is good news there , captain Gary Ballance will continue to have to make do without three key bowlers , with seamers Jack Brooks , Liam Plunkett and Ryan Sidebottom still injured on the sidelines .
There had been hope that Plunkett and Sidebottom might be available for the trip to the south coast , but the rematch with Hampshire has come just too soon .
Brooks , on the other hand , was always going to be out injured for a longer period of time .
“ Ryan and Liam are another week away , ” said Gale .
I do n't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40-years-old . If he breaks down , it could be the end of his career . We have to do what 's right by him . Andrew Gale , on the fitness of Yorkshire bowler , Ryan Sidebottom
“ Ryan was going to play in the second team this week , but it 's come about that he 's still not quite right .
“ Liam is still feeling it a bit , so we ca n't risk him .
“ Fingers crossed , he will be available for the 50-over stuff . I 'm pretty sure he will be available for the first game of that ( away to Nottinghamshire on April 29 ) . ”
After travelling to Hampshire , Yorkshire will then turn their attention to their final Championship game before the Royal London One-day Cup starts in earnest at Trent Bridge .
They then resume their four-day campaign against Lancashire at Emirates Old Trafford on May 19 .
“ The break will give Ryan a good block of training , so when he does come back he 'll be ready to go , ” added Gale .
“ I do n't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40 years old . If he breaks down , it could be the end of his career . We have to do what 's right by him . ”
Warwickshire , meanwhile , must dust themselves down from successive innings defeats from which they have taken just three points .
It has been a bracing start to the regime of sport director Ashley Giles and first-team coach Jim Troughton and one that has hurt a set of experienced players , which was viewed in some quarters as potential title-challengers .
The first two games have supplied a serious reality check , ahead of another tough fixture , at home to Surrey starting on Friday .
“ The first two games have been really disappointing after such high hopes during the winter , ” said Giles . “ We 've done a lot of good preparation , but just not put it into practice . It 's certainly hit the dressing room hard , but all we can do is try to turn it around . ”
Elsewhere , defending champions Middlesex started the defence of their Division One title with a hard-fought draw against Hampshire .
Both sides took 10 points from the Ageas Bowl , but the 2016 champions were staring down the barrel of a nail-biting conclusion when a three-wicket new-ball strike left them 215-7 .
Had Hampshire rolled over the tail an achievable run chase would have been left , but tail-enders Toby Roland-Jones ( 25 ) , Ollie Rayner ( 17no ) and Tim Murtagh ( 19no ) dug deep .
In the end the sides shook hands at 278-9 declared , Kyle Abbott 's good form continuing as he claimed 5-59 .
Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu ( L ) talks with Greek Foreign Minister Nikolaus Kotzias after a meeting between Foreign Ministers of the European Union and candidate countries in Valletta , Malta April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu ( L ) talks with High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs , Federica Mogherini , before a meeting with European Union Foreign Ministers in Valletta , Malta April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Foreign Minister of Cyprus Ioannis Kasoulides ( L ) talks with Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu before a meeting with European Union Foreign Ministers in Valletta , Malta April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu ( L ) talks with Alan Duncan , Britain 's Minister of State for Europe and the Americas , before a meeting with European Union Foreign Ministers in Valletta , Malta , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
Turkey 's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu ( 3rd L ) talks with Slovenia 's Foreign Minister Karl Erjavec ( 2nd L ) , as German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel ( 4th L ) and European Commissioner Johannes Hahn ( R ) talk , after a meeting between European Union and candidate country Foreign Ministers in Valletta , Malta April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
VALLETTA France and Germany sought a new deal with Turkey on Friday to repair relations with President Tayyip Erdoğan but would not say whether the Turkish leader 's new powers and his crackdown on opponents had ended the country 's EU ambitions .
Worried by what the European Union sees as Erdoğan 's growing authoritarianism , EU lawmakers called this week for a formal suspension of Turkey 's long-stalled EU bid , saying it does not meet democratic standards .
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel , who held talks in Malta with his EU counterparts and with Turkey 's top diplomat Mevlut Cavusoglu , said he was `` strictly against '' annulling Turkey 's decade-long bid for EU membership .
But after a day of talks , he said the real issue was to ensure the bloc had a new , looser agreement to offer Turkey before ditching the EU accession process .
Since its launch in 2005 , the entry process has helped Turkey win foreign investment and become the world 's 15th largest economy , EU officials say . But talks have since stalled .
`` It does not improve things by cancelling something before we have something new to offer , '' Gabriel told reporters .
`` We can try to open new channels for negotiations , '' he said , referring to an idea to broaden the European Union 's trade ties with Turkey , giving Turkish companies greater tariff-free access to the bloc 's 500 million citizens .
That could soften any political blow from a formal suspension of accession talks , EU officials said .
Austria has led calls to abort the process , which has been frozen by political obstacles over Cyprus and resistance in some EU states to let in the majority Muslim country , even before this month 's referendum .
`` It would be absolutely wrong to stick to the illusion of accession ( to the EU ) , '' Austria 's Sebastian Kurz said .
Ending Turkey 's five-decade-old dream of joining the European Union is sensitive because the West worries about isolating an important NATO ally that straddles Europe and Asia .
The European Union is Turkey 's biggest foreign investor and biggest trading partner , while Turkey shares a border with Iraq , Syria and with Russia in the Black Sea .
`` DISTURBING '' POLITICAL SITUATION
France 's Jean-Marc Ayrault said the tone of the private meeting was more measured than ministers ' public comments .
During a part of the meeting broadcast to reporters , a confident-looking Cavusoglu embraced a number of foreign ministers .
He appeared to put aside weeks of insults in the run-up to this month 's referendum in which Erdoğan narrowly won a mandate to implement the biggest overhaul of Turkey 's political system since the modern state was established nearly a century ago .
`` How can we ignore Turkey ? We have to fight terrorism , we want Turkey to respect the migration deal with have , '' Ayrault said , referring to last year 's agreement with Turkey to stop the flow of Syrian refugees to Europe in return for EU money .
`` Nobody wants a break-up with Turkey . It is up to them to say what they want , '' he said .
Supporters of Erdoğan 's decision to create an executive presidency with few checks and balances say it will give Turkey stability . EU officials and Turkey 's opposition say it is the beginning of one-man rule .
Erdoğan 's security crackdown following a failed coup last July , his 'Nazi ' jibes against Germany and the Netherlands , and what the bloc sees as persecution of dissenting voices , provoked a crisis in relations .
Erdoğan told Reuters in an interview this week that Turkey would reconsider its position on joining the European Union if it was kept waiting much longer .
( Additional reporting by Tom Koerkemeier ; Editing by Ralph Boulton )
March 29 Acorda Therapeutics Inc :
* Acorda announces long-term safety data for cvt-301
* New drug application ( NDA ) submission planned by end Q2 2017
* Plans to file a marketing authorization application ( MAA ) in europe by end of 2017
* Pulmonary function measures over 12 months comparable between CVT-301 and observational control group
* Acorda therapeutics - there was one death in study , a drowning in CVT-301 84 MG group , judged by investigator to be not related to study drug Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Den Bosch Open men 's singles round 2 results
June 14 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Den Bosch Open Men 's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Julien Benneteau ( France ) beat 7-Nicolas Mahut ( France ) 3-6 6-2 6-2 4-Gilles Muller ( Luxembourg ) beat Andreas Seppi ( Italy ) 7-6 ( 5 ) 6-4 2-Alexander Zverev ( Germany ) beat Adrian Mannarino ( France ) 6-2 6-3 8-Aljaz Bedene ( Britain ) beat Ernesto Escobedo ( U.S. ) 6-3 6-4
Romania 's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST , June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country 's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament , his spokeswoman said on Thursday .
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK , June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet .
( Adds data , updates prices ) BEIJING , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Shanghai nickel rose on Friday to end a rollercoaster week on a high , as investors took up new long positions in the metal , which is used to make stainless steel , and as inventories fell . Deliverable nickel inventories on the Shanghai Futures Exchange ( ShFE ) fell by 548 tonnes from a week ago to 56,194 tonnes on Friday , according to ShFE data . Long positions among brokerages on Shanghai 's most traded May nickel contract meanwhile increased by 6,853 lots after falling by 4,177 lots on Thursday . `` Given the move lower was driven by long liquidation , it would certainly appear that some of this length has been re-established , '' brokerage Marex Spectron said in a note . FUNDAMENTALS * NICKEL : The May contract on the ShFE closed up 2.1 percent at 104,530 yuan ( $ 16,655.51 ) a tonne for a weekly climb of 0.4 percent . In London , however , nickel lost part of its Thursday gains , dipping 0.6 percent to $ 13,922 a tonne . * COPPER : Shanghai 's most-traded March copper contract ended up 0.7 percent at 53,520 yuan a tonne , while three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was up 0.8 percent at $ 7,177.50 a tonne at 0734 GMT . * LEAD : LME lead touched a fresh 6-1/2-year high of $ 2,685 a tonne on concerns over tight inventories , a harsh North American winter and an environmental crackdown in China , * DRC : Glencore on Thursday said copper output in 2018 should rise to nearly 1.5 million tonnes as its Katanga mine in Democratic Republic of Congo ramps up to add roughly 150,000 tonnes , as well as 11,600 tonnes of cobalt . * BAUXITE : Guinean bauxite mining company La Guineenne des Mines shipped the first ore from its project in the western Boke region on Thursday and will target exports of 2 to 4 million tonnes this year , its chief executive said . For the top stories in metals and other news , click or MARKETS NEWS * The euro neared multi-year peaks on Friday as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear up boosted borrowing costs globally , a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities . PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0745 GMT Three month LME copper 7179.5 Most active ShFE copper 53510 Three month LME aluminium 2233.5 Most active ShFE aluminium 14390 Three month LME zinc 3553.5 Most active ShFE zinc 26850 Three month LME lead 2684 Most active ShFE lead 19655 Three month LME nickel 13885 Most active ShFE nickel 104520 Three month LME tin 21545 Most active ShFE tin 148690 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 1116.15 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1818.49 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 395.57 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -625.1 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1536.64 ( $ 1 = 6.2760 Chinese yuan ) ( Reporting by Tom Daly ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu and Amrutha Gayathri )
× Firefighters around the world are sending t-shirts to this teen
BUFFALO , N.Y. — Timothy Richardson is 16 years-old , and has been receiving treatment for Leukemia for the past few weeks . Richardson is an aspiring firefighter and wears a different t-shirt from a different firehouse each day , reports WKBW .
Richardson has been receiving shirts from all over the country , and he can now add the Middle East to the pile as U.S. Air Force firefighters are sending a shirt along from the United Arab Emirates .
“ Maybe he should know his story has reached all the way to the Middle East and he has a couple of boys here from Niagara Falls , 107th attack wing , that are deployed here and his message was received , ” Air Force Technical Sergeant Eric Norman said , “ his call was received and we 're answering it . ”
If anyone would like to donate a shirt to Timothy Richardson they can be sent to U-Crest Fire Company at 255 Clover PL , Cheektowaga , NY 14225 , USA .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United defender Axel Tuanzebe will reportedly spend next season on loan at Aston Villa .
The 20-year-old arrived in January hoping to achieve regular football under Steve Bruce but injuries have prevented him from doing that .
His latest setback arrived 26 minutes into Villa 's victory over Cardiff City earlier this month and Tuanzebe is now expected to miss the remainder of the season .
Tuanzebe , who is highly thought of by United boss Jose Mourinho , has only played five times in claret and blue as a result .
However , according to The Sun , Tuanzebe will return to Villa Park for another loan stint next season irrespective of the league Villa are playing in .
An Old Trafford source said : `` The club are still undecided but that 's what they 'd like him to do . We know Villa are keen on him .
“ He is expected to go on the US pre-season tour before Jose makes his final decision over him . ”
If Villa do n't win promotion to the Premier League cuts will need to be made to comply with Financial Fair Play .
The club will once again look to wheel and deal in the loan market , as it has this season .
Tuanzebe is one of five loan players with Villa at present . Bruce hopes to make deals for Sam Johnstone , Robert Snodgrass and Lewis Grabban permanent while he 's also been delighted with Josh Onomah 's contribution .
Finding Benteke
Christian Benteke was placed on Aston Villa 's scouting database by Alex McLeish , BirminghamLive can reveal .
Paul Lambert signed the Belgian striker in 2012 for £6million from Genk - but it was actually his fellow Scot McLeish who identified Benteke .
Benteke , who now plies his trade for Crystal Palace after his £30m switch to Liverpool backfired , spent three years at Villa Park and scored the goals to preserve their top flight status under Lambert and , latterly , Tim Sherwood .
But it was n't Lambert or scout Paddy Riley who pinpointed Benteke as a potential target . McLeish marked him out as one to watch shortly after he made the ill-fated move across the Second City from Birmingham City .
McLeish , now manager of Scotland , was bemused to arrive at Villa and discover the club had n't implemented a scouting database to keep tabs on targets from across the globe .
Benteke , who scored 49 goals in 101 appearances in claret and blue , was put forward to McLeish by scout Arthur Numan .
Numan watched Benteke regularly whilst he was playing for Genk - a club McLeish would later manage - and thought Villa could grab themselves a bargain .
McLeish 's appointment at Villa Park came at a time when owner Randy Lerner was reining in the spending . Previous managers Martin O'Neill and Gerard Houllier had been backed heavily in the transfer market and Lerner demanded cuts were made .
McLeish was asked to reduce the wage bill and decided to expand Villa 's scouting horizons in the hope of snaring a few gems .
The decision to include Benteke 's name on the database he installed and ensure Numan and other scouts continued to watch the 6ft 4in frontman was key in the club 's decision to sign him .
Papiss Cisse , who eventually joined Newcastle United and fired them to a fifth-placed finish , was another player on the database , as was Gylfi Sigurdsson .
( Adds details , comments , updates prices )
* Trump says dollar getting too strong
* JPMorgan , Citi up on profit beat
* Wells Fargo down as profit slips
* Futures down : Dow 31 pts , S & P 5.5 pts , Nasdaq 9.75 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 13 U.S. stocks looked set to open lower on Thursday , following President Donald Trump 's remarks on the U.S. dollar and interest rates , while investors assessed bank earnings .
Shares of JPMorgan and Citigroup rose about 0.4 percent premarket after the two banks reported quarterly profits that beat analysts ' expectations .
However , Wells Fargo slipped 1.2 percent at $ 52.49 after reporting a slight drop in quarterly profit .
The results come after a frenetic rally in bank shares that started in November on bets that President Donald Trump would rein in banking regulations and introduce other business friendly policies .
`` Investors will ( be ) faced with another day of market uncertainties as bank earnings , geopolitical worries and Trump 's comments on the greenback are being reflected in the volatility index that is flashing trouble ahead , '' Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at First Standard Financial , wrote in a note .
The dollar , already suffering from a risk-off mood in the market amid geopolitical tensions , hit its lowest level this month after Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the currency `` was getting too strong '' and that he would like to see interest rates stay low .
Gold , which has become the preferred asset this week as investors sought safe havens , was up 0.11 percent and continues to trade at its highest level since November .
Dow e-minis were down 31 points , or 0.15 percent at 8:30 a.m . ET , with 32,649 contracts changing hands .
S & P 500 e-minis were down 5.5 points , or 0.23 percent , with 226,755 contracts traded .
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 9.75 points , or 0.18 percent , on volume of 36,779 contracts .
Bank of America and Goldman Sachs are due to report results next week .
Shares of Applied Optoelectronics jumped nearly 23 percent to $ 50.15 after the company said it expected first-quarter earnings to exceed its forecast .
Trading volumes could be lower than usual on Thursday ahead of the Good Friday holiday . ( Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Anil D'Silva )
TORONTO — A number of laws passed by Ontario 's previous Liberal government have been put on hold by the newly elected Progressive Conservative regime , including measures to tighten rules around vaping and to cap resale values for sports and concert tickets .
A spokesman for the Progressive Conservatives said Wednesday the new government , which was sworn on Friday , wants more time to consult and examine the laws before they come into effect .
Simon Jefferies said the government will delay the implementation of new rules around vaping , which would have regulated the activity in much the same way as smoking .
`` The government will work with the public , experts , and businesses to re-examine the evidence related to vaping as a smoking cessation tool to ensure that any changes are in the best interests of everyone and protect Ontarians ' health and safety , '' he said in a statement .
Halting the new regulations will not change the current provisions in the Smoke Free Ontario Act and the Electronic Cigarettes Act , he said .
Maria Papaioannoy-Duic , spokeswoman for the Vapor Advocates of Ontario , lauded Premier Doug Ford and new Health Minister Christine Elliott for the move .
Vaping advocates have argued that the activity is safer than smoking and moves people from the toxic chemicals found in tobacco to an alternative , which can help them break their habit .
`` We 're excited that the government ... ( has ) recognized our efforts and have paused the implementation of these regulations , '' she said in a statement . `` We have the utmost confidence that they are going to look at the regulations based on science and not guesswork . ''
The government also confirmed Wednesday it has delayed a law which would have capped sports and concert ticket resale prices at 50 per cent above original face value will not immediately move ahead .
`` The previous government attempted to institute a cap on ticket resales with no way to enforce that cap , resulting in less consumer protection , '' Jefferies said . `` We have paused the implementation of this section until we can review this provision in full to make sure it is in the best interest of Ontarians . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Easter is less than two weeks away and if you are planning on having a big family meal , or you 're organising an egg hunt for little ones , then you 're probably on the lookout for some party pieces .
But instead of mini chocolate eggs and themed bunting why not try something a little bit different ?
Thanks to Aldi , shoppers can now buy Easter crackers to use as decorative pieces for their dinner table on Sunday , April 1 .
The budget retailer has given the item , which is traditionally associated with Christmas , an Easter makeover .
Its crackers - which cost £1.99 for a pack of six - come with hats , gifts and an egg hunt game inside .
Julie Ashfield , Joint Managing Director of Corporate Buying at Aldi UK comments : “ As Easter is becoming an even bigger celebration , we are delighted to be able to introduce our Easter crackers to inject some fun to the dinner table and to bring families and loved ones together .
`` They 're a hit at Christmas , and we 're confident they will be at Easter too . ”
In keeping with the seasonal theme , Aldi is also selling Easter egg hunt crafts and accessories including bunny bags and buckets - that little ones can store all their chocolate shells in - bunting , foam signs and decoration kits .
The crackers are part of Aldi 's Specialbuy range , which means once they 're gone they 're gone .
They will be available to buy in stores from Thursday , March 22 .
March 30 Alibaba Pictures Group Ltd :
* FY revenue RMB904.6 million versus RMB 263.7 million
* Board has resolved not to recommend payment of a dividend for year ended December 31 , 2016
* FY loss attributable to owners of the company RMB958.6 million versus profit of RMB 466 million Source text : ( bit.ly/2mSPT4j ) Further company coverage :
TORONTO — The ailing parents of a Canadian man who has spent three decades behind bars in Florida are hoping to make a case for his transfer to Canada directly to the state 's governor when he visits Toronto later this month .
In a letter to Gov . Rick Scott , Richard and Carol Davies request a brief meeting so they can ask him personally to sign off on allowing their son , William Russell ( Russ ) Davies , to serve out his sentence in Canada .
The governor is due to attend an economic conference in late October , where the Davies are hoping they , or a friend of theirs , will be able to catch his attention .
`` We are appealing to you as aging parents who only want to see our son back home , '' the Davies write in the letter obtained by The Canadian Press . `` We respectfully request 10 minutes of your time when you are in Toronto to share our story and ask that his transfer back to Canada be approved by you and by the State of Florida . ''
Russ Davies , 49 , of Richmond Hill , Ont. , was barely 18 years old in June 1986 when the self-admitted misfit and runaway was accused along with five others of gunning down an acquaintance in Tomoka State Park near Daytona Beach , Fla. Two years later , a jury convicted him of first-degree murder .
A Canadian Press investigation published last year revealed that Davies 's trial lasted about seven hours and has been condemned by some legal observers as a sham . The state 's key witness — one of his five co-accused who all pleaded out in exchange for probation or short sentences — admitted to being drunk at the time of the crime .
In addition , his public defender Carmen Corrente , now an assistant attorney general , made numerous mistakes at trial , some of which he admitted at the time .
Russ Davies , who has always denied firing the fatal shot , has long sought a transfer to serve out his sentence in Canada . Despite Canada 's formal willingness to take him back , Florida has steadfastly refused to let him leave — and he remains in prison 31 years later with little hope for parole .
His parents , who used to visit him in prison in the Sunshine State , are no longer able to do so due to poor health .
`` Our faith has sustained us as we work tirelessly to see the day Russell will be able to come back to Canada to serve out the remainder of his sentence , '' their letter states . `` We pray we will see our son again in our lifetime . ''
April 12 Rand Capital Corp
* Rand Capital Corp - completed and filed its license application to U.S. small business administration to form a new small business investment company
* Rand Capital Corp says if approved , license will provide Rand with a source of attractive long-term capital through use of SBA debentures
* Rand Capital - sees contributing $ 7.5 million of existing capital to second small business investment co & receiving approval for upto $ 15 million in debentures Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 29 WUS Printed Circuit ( Kunshan ) Co. , Ltd. :
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 0.5 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/s1Wr8P
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 13 Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd
* Naturally Splendid enters distribution agreement with first step Japan for CBD products
* Naturally Splendid Enterprises - Entered into marketing , distribution agreement with first step japan to market its Natera CBD product line in Japan
* Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd - Mutually exclusive relationship between FSJ and NSE involves FSJ representing CBD based products offered by NSE
* Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd - Additionally , NSE can expand offering to include other products and ingredients including hempomega
* Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd - Exclusivity has a two-year initial period with options to extend Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
ST. JOHN 'S 81 , NO . 4 DUKE 77
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points , and St. John 's snapped an 11-game losing streak and handed the suddenly suspect Blue Devils their second loss in eight days .
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm ( 11-13 ) , who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke 's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest win under third-year coach Chris Mullin .
St. John 's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days . Next up , a visit to No . 1 Villanova on Wednesday night .
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils ( 19-4 ) , who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night . Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls .
OKLAHOMA STATE 84 , NO . 7 KANSAS 79
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) — Kendall Smith scored 24 points , including the clinching free throws in the final seconds , and Oklahoma State held on for the upset .
Cameron McGriff added 20 points and Jeffrey Carroll had 15 for the Cowboys ( 14-9 , 4-6 Big 12 ) , who built an 18-point first-half lead and dominated the boards in ending their three-game losing streak .
It was the third loss for the Jayhawks ( 18-5 , 7-3 ) in Allen Fieldhouse , their most since the 1998-99 season , and their second in conference play . They also lost to Texas Tech in the Phog .
Udoka Azubuike had 20 points and Graham and Svi Mykhailiuk scored 17 apiece for Kansas , which was celebrating 120 years of basketball by welcoming back dozens of former players and coaches .
NO . 8 CINCINNATI 65 , UCONN 57
STORRS , Conn. ( AP ) — Jacob Evans III scored 19 points to lead Cincinnati past the struggling Huskies .
Kyle Washington added 13 points and 11 rebounds for the Bearcats ( 21-2 , 10-0 American ) , who never trailed .
Jalen Adams scored 20 points and Christian Vital added 18 for the Huskies , who have lost five of their last six to fall below the .500 mark at 11-12 ( 4-6 ) .
The Bearcats shot just 36 per cent from the floor , 10 percentage points below their season average . But they held UConn to 29 per cent .
NO . 10 TEXAS TECH 83 , TCU 71
FORT WORTH , Texas ( AP ) — Jarrett Culver scored 20 points with four 3-pointers , and Texas Tech got its fourth straight victory and a share of the Big 12 Conference lead .
Culver , Tech 's hometown freshman guard , made all of his 3s in the first half . That included consecutive baskets from beyond the arc in an 18-0 run that put the Red Raiders ( 19-4 , 7-3 Big 12 ) firmly in control — even without top scorer Keenan Evans taking a shot in that stretch .
Evans still finished with 17 points and six assists , while Zhaire Smith had 12 points .
Vladimir Brodziansky led TCU ( 16-7 , 4-6 ) with 18 points , while Bane had 13 . Kenrich Williams had 12 points and 13 rebounds .
NO . 15 WEST VIRGINIA 89 , KANSAS STATE 51
MORGANTOWN , W.Va. ( AP ) — Sagaba Konate scored 19 points and West Virginia ended a three-game losing streak .
James `` Beetle '' Bolden added 13 points in his first career start , Teddy Allen had 12 points off the bench and Wes Harris had 10 for West Virginia ( 17-6 , 6-5 Big 12 ) .
Dean Wade scored 17 points and Xavier Sneed had 16 for Kansas State ( 16-7 , 5-5 ) .
The Wildcats never led , were held to their lowest scoring output of the season and had more turnovers ( 15 ) than field goals ( 14 ) .
NO . 20 CLEMSON 75 , WAKE FOREST 67
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. ( AP ) — Gabe DeVoe scored 24 points to lead Clemson .
Marcquise Reed added 10 of his 22 in the final six minutes to help the Tigers ( 19-4 , 8-3 Atlantic Coast Conference ) win their third straight and claim sole possession of second place in the league standings , a half-game ahead of No . 4 Duke .
Bryant Crawford scored 16 points and Keyshawn Woods added 13 for the Demon Deacons ( 9-14 , 2-9 ) . Wake Forest went 5 minutes without a field goal down the stretch while Clemson finally took control of a tight game that had 20 lead changes and 12 ties .
Doral Moore added 13 rebounds for the Demon Deacons . Shelton Mitchell finished with 10 points for the Tigers .
MISSOURI 69 , NO . 21 KENTUCKY 60
COLUMBIA , Mo . ( AP ) — Missouri had never beaten Kentucky in 10 previous tries , but behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson , the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle .
The 21st-ranked Wildcats ( 17-6 , 6-4 Southeastern Conference ) had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt , but their poor shooting against Missouri 's stingy defence ensured there would be no rally this time .
Kentucky shot 31.3 per cent from the field . Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Wildcats with 15 points and six assists .
Jontay Porter added 13 points and eight rebounds for Missouri ( 15-8 , 5-5 SEC ) .
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime , as Kentucky made just 20 per cent of its first-half shots and went 0 for 10 from 3-point range .
ALABAMA 68 , NO . 23 FLORIDA 50
GAINESVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — Collin Sexton scored 17 points , Donta Hall notched his fourth double-double of the season , and Alabama rallied from a 10-point deficit for the upset .
Sexton added eight rebounds and six assists for the Tide ( 15-8 , 6-4 Southeastern Conference ) , which improved to 2-4 on the road .
The Gators ( 15-8 , 6-4 ) lost their third consecutive SEC game , the first time that 's happened since the end of coach Mike White 's first season in 2016 .
Alabama dominated Florida in the paint , on the glass and up and down the floor . Sexton took over in the second half , dribbling through the defence and creating open layups and dunks .
Hall was one of the beneficiaries . He made all seven shots and finished with 14 points and 11 boards .
KeVaughn Allen led the Gators with 16 points .
NO . 24 MICHIGAN 76 , MINNESOTA 73 , OT
ANN Arbour , Mich. ( AP ) — Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman made a tiebreaking three-point play with 3.8 seconds left and finished with 17 points as Michigan held on in overtime .
The Wolverines ( 19-6 , 8-4 Big Ten ) needed the extra time to win because they struggled to shoot from the field and the line .
The Golden Gophers ( 14-11 , 3-9 ) were in a position to end their longest losing streak of the year because freshman Isaiah Washington had a season-high 26 points and Nate Mason scored 22 points , including a 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left that tied the game .
Mason was just short on a shot from about 30 feet that would have forced a second overtime .
By The Associated Press
Chairman Beat Hess of Franco-Swiss cement giant LafargeHolcim addresses the company 's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich , Switzerland May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH LafargeHolcim 's ( LHN.S ) board of directors and management received just under 61 percent support from shareholders at the Swiss company 's annual general meeting on Wednesday , amid displeasure after the cement maker admitted paying armed groups in war-torn Syria .
Just over 38 percent of shareholders voted against giving discharge to the board of directors and management at the annual general meeting in Zurich .
`` This is not a result we can boast of , '' said chairman Beat Hess . `` There were mistakes made in the past , mistakes that are not compatible with a company of our values .
`` I understand the displeasure expressed in this result , '' he said .
( Reporticng by John Revill ; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi and Joshua Franklin )
March 29 Lien Hwa Industrial Corp :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 1.6 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T $ 0.5 for every one share
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/GC32hs
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask , after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib , Syria April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
AMSTERDAM Sarin or a similar banned toxin was used in an attack in Syria 's Idlib province on April 4 that killed nearly 90 people , the global chemical weapons watchdog said on Wednesday .
The finding supported earlier testing by Turkish and British laboratories .
The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ' Director General Ahmet Uzumcu said results of the analysis `` indicate that sarin or a sarin like substance was used '' .
The finding was based on tests on bio-medical samples collected from three victims during their autopsies that were analysed at two OPCW-designated laboratories , the OPCW said .
`` Bio-medical samples from seven individuals undergoing treatment at hospitals ... ( also ) indicate exposure to sarin or a sarin like substance , '' the statement said .
( Reporting by Anthony Deutsch ; Editing by Alison Williams )
A risk of frost , you say ? We 've heard that word already and will hear it more frequently this month . But , so far so good around my place .
Out in the country or only a little way north , tender annuals and windshields might well have been iced up already . In the heart of a town or city , it 's unlikely much is harmed this early in fall .
That 's due to the heat retained by roads and buildings , and the heat from all those furnaces that kicked in last weekend has to go somewhere . This is why the hardiness of a particular plant can vary depending on where it 's growing , especially perennials ; many of our annuals are actually perennials in their native habitat , with greater or lesser degrees of hardiness .
Based initially on field trials and on observations , plants are given a hardiness rating : zone 5 , for instance . A lower zone number means it 's hardier , while a higher number less so . Zone numbers are also given to all locations in the country , with the letter ' a ' or ' b ' added to further subdivide them .
Where I live in Waterloo is rated zone 5b , half a zone milder than Grand Valley to the north , which is 5a . Further south , Windsor is a balmy zone 7a .
Plant tags do n't reference a or b , simply a zone number , and this is enough of a guide when buying plants . For this area , always choose plants rated as suitable for zone 5 or any lower number . Should you have zone envy , and most gardeners do , a zone 6 plant might make it through winter with good snow cover or plenty of mulch — providing you 're prepared to take the risk .
It 's worth noting that the U.S. system is a little different . Their zone ratings are based on the minimum low temperature of a given region , whereas here we take into consideration factors like duration of cold and snow cover . The difference is roughly one zone number . This means a plant listed as hardy to zone 5 under the U.S. system is actually a zone 6 in the Canadian system , meaning it would be less hardy .
Keep this in mind if you 're reading plant information in a U.S. gardening magazine or on a U.S. website .
This one zone disparity might not always make a difference . Depending on the severity and depth of snow , a zone 6 plant can often make it through winter in this area but if there 's a January thaw followed by a sudden drop in temperature , it 's a gamble .
As for those gardens in the heart of a big city , they can be one big microclimate . Toronto is rated as a much milder zone 7 , despite being in our cooler zone 5 regions . So if you 're hearing from a friend who gardens in downtown Toronto that they 're growing plants you only wish you could grow , that 's the reason .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Cousins has also , like it or not , dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season . The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this .
`` Most of the questions revolved around , 'Will we go to the Super Bowl ? ' and 'Will we make the playoffs ? ' I just throw it back at them saying , 'Do you think we will ? ' and they say , 'Yes ' . They 're confident , and that 's a good place to start . ''
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities , outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week he confirmed was related to his contract status .
Now playing the final season of his rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $ 12.3 million , Barr said he hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began . That did n't happen , so he took out an insurance policy to protect his future earnings in case of injury in 2018 .
The issue for Barr and his desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter , who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars .
`` My agent is doing a great job , and they 're having conversations , '' said Barr , who was the team 's first-round draft pick in 2014 . `` I do n't know too many details on that . My focus is here with the team and getting better . ''
Sounds a little like the quarterback , dealing with his challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team .
`` Everything is new , so I 'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think , '' Cousins said . `` That takes a long time , but every day you can take a step in that process . ''
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Campbell , The Associated Press
TBILISI , April 28 Georgia 's economic growth accelerated to 5 percent year-on-year in the first quarter of 2017 from 2.3 percent in the same period a year ago , the National Statistics Service said on Friday , helped by a rise in exports and by remittances from Georgians living abroad .
In March alone , growth was 5.3 percent , up from 3.4 percent in March 2016 and from 4.4 percent in February 2017 .
The former Soviet republic , through which pipelines carry Caspian oil and gas to Europe , is recovering from a fall in exports and plunge in the currencies of its main trading partners that have depressed economic growth in recent years .
Georgia 's economy expanded by 2.2 percent last year , down from 2.9 percent in 2015 .
The government in Tbilisi expects the economy to grow by 4 percent in 2017 . ( Reporting by Margarita Antidze ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
Anthony Vincent , right , a Wilton resident , helped the Chilliwack Chiefs skate to the 2018 BCHL championship earlier this month . Vincent , who skated at Salisbury , had nine goals and 17 assists in 40 games as a defenseman for the Chiefs this season . He will attend Holy Cross in the fall and skate for the Crusaders . less
European Union and British Union flags are seen blowing in the wind in London , Britain , March 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toby Melville
GENEVA Failure to strike a trade deal with the European Union by a two-year deadline would force Britain to adopt World Trade Organization arrangements , bringing with it a host of new negotiations and complications .
In a nutshell , Britain would have to treat everyone the same , whether it wanted to or not , from Russian exporters to Brazilian lawyers and U.S. advertising firms . And that includes its former colleagues , suppliers and clients in the EU .
The British government sees the WTO as a default fall-back position if it can not forge a new deal with the EU that would allow business ties to continue . But time is short , the negotiations are complex , and Prime Minister Theresa May has said no deal would be better than a bad deal .
Adopting WTO rules , however , would open a whole new range of complexities .
For one thing , countries now at a relative distance like China , Russia and India would suddenly be able to take legal action -- with a threat of sanctions -- should Britain allow some of its firms to keep trading with the EU as they have been .
There would be a legal free-for-all , although the open skies deals underlying aviation between Britain and the continent would have vanished , while the lawyers trying to sort it out might encounter unaccustomed restrictions on their right to work seamlessly across the European continent .
The prime reason is that without a new EU trade deal , Britain would not be allowed to be more open to the EU than it is to other World Trade Organization members .
The WTO 's `` most favoured nation '' principle means offering the same deal to all comers , not only in terms of tariffs on imported goods but also in cross-border services such as insurance , telecoms , engineering and transport .
`` The UK would need to treat everybody the same , '' said Ingo Borchert , an economist at Sussex University 's UK Trade Policy Observatory .
Only a new WTO-approved trade deal would remove the requirement for `` most favoured nation '' .
`` If they do n't get the deal then the UK is free to implement its trade policy . Whatever that is , it could be very restricted or it could be very liberal , but whatever it is , it would need to be extended in the same way to French and American and Indian firms . ''
The British -- or at least the Brexiters among them -- are bullish about getting a deal .
`` As it happens we would be perfectly okay if we were n't able to get an agreement but I 'm sure that we will , '' Foreign Minister Boris Johnson told Britain 's ITV earlier this month .
And the government says it has no intention of not getting an EU deal .
`` We have been clear that we will pursue a bold and ambitious trade agreement with the European Union -- giving British companies the maximum freedom to trade with and operate within European markets , and letting European businesses do the same in Britain , '' a government spokeswoman said .
But many trade experts think the challenge of getting unanimity between the Britain and the other 27 members means `` no deal '' is the most likely outcome -- especially as the Europeans want to first conclude discussions on Britain 's leaving terms before they even get around to negotiating future arrangements .
“ We are definitely heading towards the WTO option , ” Richard Baldwin , professor of international economics at Geneva 's Graduate Institute and an expert on trade agreements , told an audience of academics and trade diplomats last week in Geneva .
BOLD AND AMBITIOUS
Britain 's post-Brexit WTO membership terms have yet to be finalised because it has to agree its own `` schedules '' , a process that may require negotiations all its out outside of the Brexit ones .
A one-size-fits-all global trade policy would be much less open than the terms of trade Britain now has within the EU -- comprising around 44 percent of British exports .
`` No agreement means there would be no legal basis for continued preferential treatment among us , '' said David Hartridge , senior WTO counselor at White & Case and a former head of the WTO 's services division .
Meanwhile , some of the biggest potential shocks are in sectors that have no WTO safety net , such as aviation where Britain would have to fall back to its old pre-EU bilateral air service agreements .
The WTO change would also not only affect Britain 's trade with the EU , but also all the countries with which the EU has agreements on trade in services , such as South Korea , Mexico and Chile .
Britain could continue to recognize certain EU qualifications and licenses , but it would also have to recognize equivalent standards of other WTO members .
( Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
You can call it craft . I call it art . That 's because the border between craft and art has unravelled .
Nevertheless , the first-ever Canadian Craft Biennial at the Art Gallery of Burlington puts craft in the spotlight , showcasing work by leading craftspeople from all over Canada .
The Canadian Craft Biennial , founded by Emma Quin and the AGB 's Denis Longchamps , aims to increase our understanding and appreciation of craft in Canada .
Longchamps says craft plays an important role in our everyday lives .
`` Craft is all around us in various forms , '' he says . `` Often in our house , it is also on TV , in magazines . Many have a favourite handcrafted mug or hand knitted sweater .
Craft and art have traditionally been stuffed into separate categories . Simply put , craft was seen as functional , art was not . That made art superior to craft .
Certain materials and techniques such as yarn and knitting , for example , were the domain of craftspeople . But in the 20th century , art appropriated materials and techniques once exclusive to craft .
Both craftspeople and artists now use recycled materials . Moreover , many craftspeople create objects that for the most part are nonfunctional . And they imbue their creations with timely messages and meanings .
The biennial comprises four exhibitions . Can Craft ? Craft Can ! is one of them , bringing together more than 60 makers . It fills the main gallery .
This exhibition 's title , Longchamps tells me , `` is a play on words . Can as in Canadian and Can as the verb , 'Yes we can ! ' So the exhibition is showing a small portion of who and what is Canadian Craft in its multiplicity of manifestations including video , installation , traditional , community oriented , contemporary and sculptural . ''
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
March 31 Starts Proceed Investment Corp :
* Says it completes sale of two properties in Hokkaida for 365 million yen and acquisition of Tokyo-based property at 380 million yen on March 31
* Previous plan was disclosed on March 28
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/GberWZ
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
LONDON Arsenal 's manager Arsene Wenger wo n't give up on a top-four finish this season despite a 2-0 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday that ensured they will finish below their local rivals for the first time in his 21 years at the club .
Draws for Manchester City and Manchester United in the Premier League earlier on Sunday took them six and five points respectively above Wenger 's side , who have a game in hand , in the race for Champions League football next season .
Next weekend Arsenal , who have reached an FA Cup final against league leaders Chelsea , play at home to United and must win to keep up their hopes of a place in the top four .
“ It will be very difficult but we have to fight , ” Wenger told reporters after Sunday 's loss at White Hart Lane . “ We have a cup final and the chance to get in the top four .
“ We have to give everything in every game . We could n't afford to lose the game today .
“ We have to play more and create more than we did today . ''
Dele Alli put Spurs ahead after 55 minutes before Harry Kane was fouled in the area soon after and converted the penalty .
Wenger felt the first goal and the spot kick were soft .
“ Spurs were sharper than us physically and we were too restricted in our game . At the moment , we are not back to the level of confidence we need to play in the way we can .
“ The desire was there but we lacked something today . ''
Like his counterpart Mauricio Pochettino , Wenger was also keen to emphasise that there are more important aspects to a season than finishing above your greatest rivals .
Sunday 's win means Spurs are guaranteed to finish above bitter rivals Arsenal for the first time since 1995 .
`` Well done to them , but when you start the championship the target is not to finish above Spurs , it is to fight for the title , '' said the Frenchman .
“ In 20 years it happened once . Mathematically it has to happen once . We 're not happy with it but we do n't compare ourselves to Spurs , we compare ourselves to where we want to be . ''
At the moment , Arsenal are some way off that .
( Editing by Ken Ferris )
I hate , hate , hate when sports writers get on a soap box and start to lecture . It happens a lot , it 's always condescending , and it never really feels important . A few years ago , when I mostly wrote about college basketball , one of my least favorite annual traditions was suffering through a rash of articles about the etiquette of court rushing . You may not know this , but apparently there 's a dense rule book dictating when it 's appropriate for college students to storm a court after their team wins , with thousands of bylaws and sub-sections and appendices and codicils . Who knew that my take on the subject— '' who cares ? Let them have fun '' —was so simplistic and naive . In the NFL , we have scolds who like to police touchdown celebrations ( oddly enough , the writers who fixate on `` decency '' rarely show interest in tackling subjects like CTE ) . In baseball , the phrase `` unwritten rule '' is a genre to itself . And on and on and on .
Point is , I do n't want to lecture . I want to live and let live . But something pretty ugly happened this weekend , and I think it bears a little examination for the behavior it reveals , and for the hypocrisy of the `` stick to sports '' crowd .
It actually started last week , when an interview with downhill skiier and Olympic gold medalist Lindsey Vonn aired on CNN . She was asked whether she would visit the White House if she won a gold medal in the upcoming Olympic games in Korea , and her answer was an emphatic `` no . '' She did n't mention the president by name , and did n't really elaborate beyond saying , `` I want to represent our country well . I do n't think that there are a lot of people currently in our government that do that . '' A day later , she defended her comments : `` I mean , it 's not necessarily my place to be sticking my nose in politics , but as an athlete I do have a voice . ''
We all know what she meant , of course , and I 'm not here to argue the rightness or wrongness of her opinion . I believe she has the right to express that opinion , and nothing else really matters . In fact , the story did n't make huge waves when it came out—Vonn is certainly not the first athlete to express an anti-Trump position , and she 's nowhere near the most prominent .
The story did n't gain real steam until Saturday , when Vonn suffered a back injury while racing in Switzerland . The injury kept her out of Sunday 's race , but likely wo n't hurt her chances of competing in Korea next month . The reaction , though ... the reaction was not great . Let 's start on the mild end of the spectrum , with Fox News :
Now , if you read that tweet without context , you might be tempted to give them a pass . She did suffer a back injury , and she did make political comments a bit earlier . But because we know Fox News is a conservative media outlet , and because the two events are linked in a way that that 's head-scratching at best , we can make an educated guess that this is n't purely innocent . It seems like Fox is either implying some kind of karmic causation—presidential voodoo—or at least winking to its readers—as in , `` look what happened to the outspoken liberal . ''
If that sounds conspiratorial , consider the way Trump 's overt fans are reacting . To put it mildly , they do not feel the need to disguise their delight , or to express it in coded language . On Reddit 's `` The Donald , '' there are scads of posts mocking Vonn , celebrating her injury , and promoting the karmic justice angle . It 's nasty stuff , but if you want to see it for yourself , you can visit the two most popular threads—each with thousands of upvotes— here and here .
When Fox News issues a headline tying the two events together , this is the base they 're signaling . And apparently it was too much even by their standards , because two hours after I first saw it Sunday morning , the tweet had been deleted . More than one thousand replies , most of them angry , will do that . Fox also changed the headline of the actual story :
Again , each person should be free to safely express their own political opinion , whether it 's in a CNN interview or an anonymous Internet forum . But if nothing else , I 'd like to promote some awareness here , and at least ask the question : Are we really so low that we 'll celebrate the injury of an athlete who has different political beliefs ? That we 'll cheer on the potential end of her dream , and indirectly root against American Olympic interests , for a fleeting bit of crude schadenfreude ? I hope not . But if it 's true , I hope there 's also a better , more dignified future where we can look back at episodes like this one and shake our heads .
On to the superlatives !
The `` I Do n't Want to Be on a Poster '' Intelligent Coward of the Week : Rudy Gobert , Jazz
Gobert could have attempted to stop Giannis here . He really could have . He did not .
( Video should start automatically at the 50-second mark , but if not , the highlight starts there . )
That 's the kind of cowardice I can relate to ! Once , when I was playing safety in 7th grade and had a post-pubescent monster charging at me through a wide-open hole , I stepped to the side in fear , and then grabbed his facemask as he ran by and brought him down . It was the most obvious penalty in football history , and easily the most shameful moment of my athletic career . In other words , Rudy Gobert is my spirit animal .
The `` You 're Going on a Poster Anyway '' Human God of the Week : Giannis Antetokounmpo , Bucks
Giannis is absolutely insane , and Gobert should have known he could n't hide forever . You just make it worse by running , Rudy .
The Sport That Just Won Me Back of the Week : Baseball
Two months ago , I wrote about how technology has destroyed my attention span and ruined baseball for me . I can still get excited about the playoffs when my team , the Yankees , are involved , but it 's hard for me to follow a full season , much less watch a full regular season game the way I used to . Then this happened :
That screeching sound you just heard was the Yankee bandwagon coming to a sudden halt . Why ? Because I just threw my entire body in front of it to ensure that the driver would stop and let me on . I know there 's no precedent for this , and it will sound completely hysterical , but the Yankees are going to win every World Series for the next decade , and I am going to spend each day drinking a gallon of Boston tears .
The `` This Proves It 's Okay to Mix Sports and Politics '' Tweet of the Week : Spike Friedman
Baker Mayfield won the Heisman Trophy on Saturday , which is fine , but it produced what I consider to be two of the funniest tweets of the year . ( Full disclosure , Spike Friedman is a friend of mine . Neither he nor I will make money from this . ) Tell me it 's not also astoundingly accurate :
The lesson here : Next time you want to mix sports and politics , and the choice is between making a funny tweet or doing cartwheels over some woman 's spine injury , choose the former .
Miami 's Most Iconic BarsGoing out to a bar is a very popular outing for adults on the weekends . But most bars just play music and offer drinks . For those looking for a little change , try visiting an iconic bar . Antique architecture , buildings , legends from decades in the past , and gorgeous , calming views are just some of the things that go into making a bar an iconic landmark .
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON , June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel , a Democrat , to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday .
Washington man recovers fallen son 's flag
WHITE SWAN , Wash. ( AP ) — A Washington state man has recovered a stolen American flag that belonged to his son who was killed in Afghanistan .
Two months after pleading for help on social media , Shawn Marceau tells the Yakima Herald-Republic that he went to his son 's gravesite Tuesday and found the flag folded in front of the headstone .
Marceau says the flag is sentimental to him because his son , Marine Lance Cpl . Joe Jackson , had it over his bed before he went out on his last patrol .
Jackson was 22 when he was killed April 24 , 2011 by an improvised bomb while conducting combat operations in Helmand province of Afghanistan . The flag was signed by Marines in Jackson 's platoon .
The flag and other items were stolen in April when someone broke into Marceau 's truck .
___
Information from : Yakima Herald-Republic , http : //www.yakimaherald.com
A movie projectionist looks out from his projection room in a newly-built Cinepolis theatre for children and families in Pico Rivera , California , U.S. , March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Blake
The pace of growth in the U.S. economy 's service sector increased in April led by a jump in new orders , according to an industry report released on Wednesday .
The Institute for Supply Management ( ISM ) said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 57.5 from 55.2 the month before . The reading was above expectations of 55.8 from a Reuters poll of 64 economists .
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the service sector and a reading below 50 indicates contraction .
The business activity index rose to 62.4 from 58.9 the month before . That was above a median forecast of 58.4 .
The employment index fell to 51.4 , its lowest since August , from 51.6 a month earlier .
The new orders index climbed to 63.2 , the strongest since August 2005 , from 58.9 in March . The prices paid index rose to 57.6 from 53.5 the prior month .
The U.S. economy 's manufacturing sector expanded in April but at a slower pace than the previous month , according to an ISM report on the sector earlier in the week .
( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD , PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
A couple who lost everything in a devastating house fire say they are “ gobsmacked ” by the support from friends , family and complete strangers .
Dave and Marlene Fair have had to move in with family in Houghton Regis after fire swept through their Eaton Bray home last Monday night .
The blaze was caused by a faulty vacumn cleaner Marlene was using at their High Street home .
She managed to escape but the downstairs of the house was destroyed and most of the upstairs was badly damaged .
Now the community has rallied round with offers of help , furniture and cash to aid the couple to get back on their feet .
“ It 's out of this world , ” said Dave , aged 52 . “ I ca n't believe the amount of people who met up and helped . People are offering us services such as painters and decorators .
“ I 'm absolutely gobsmacked and do n't know how to say thank you to them .
Marlene , aged 56 , was helped from the house by a passerby called Kevin , and a neighbour , Elle , stayed with her until Dave arrived back from work .
“ Village life , you ca n't beat it , ” said Dave , who has lived in Eaton Bray for the past eight years .
The couple married six years ago after being together for 15 years .
A gofundme page has already raised £730 .
Beverley Douglas , who did not know the couple before she started the page , says the response has been amazing .
“ They have lost everything , ” she said . “ I was in tears when I heard . All I have done is organise some people .
“ If it was n't for the kindess of the community nothing would have happened , it 's been amazing . ”
Beverley has since met the couple and helped clear out their home .
“ I do n't know the people who have been donating money but there have also been donations of furniture , ” she said
Local companies have also been helping out . An Edlesborough firm has ofered to refloor the home while painters and decorators have also offereed their services .
A dry cleaner in Leighton Buzzard also offered to drop its prices to clean Marlene 's wedding dress , which was badly smoke damaged .
“ I 'm humbled , amazed and proud of the community , ” said Beverley .
You can find out more at https : //www.gofundme.com/dave-and-marlenes-fire-fund
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON , June 14 Steve Scalise , the Republican leader wounded in a gunman 's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game , is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives .
Mariners 4 , Angels 1
Los Angeles Seattle ab r h bi ab r h bi Fltcher 3b 4 0 1 0 D.Grdon 2b 4 0 1 0 Trout cf 3 0 0 0 Segura ss 4 1 1 0 Upton lf 4 0 0 0 Haniger rf 3 1 0 0 Pujols 1b 3 0 0 0 Cruz dh 3 2 1 1 Simmons ss 4 1 1 1 Seager 3b 4 0 2 2 Ohtani dh 4 0 0 0 Healy 1b 4 0 0 0 Kinsler 2b 3 0 0 0 Span lf 4 0 1 0 Mldnado c 3 0 1 0 Zunino c 3 0 0 0 Young rf 0 0 0 0 Heredia cf 3 0 0 0 K.Clhun rf 3 0 1 0 Totals 31 1 4 1 Totals 32 4 6 3
Los Angeles 000 100 000—1 Seattle 300 000 01x—4
E_Kinsler ( 3 ) . LOB_Los Angeles 5 , Seattle 6 . 2B_Maldonado ( 13 ) , K.Calhoun ( 4 ) , Segura ( 24 ) , Seager ( 22 ) . HR_Simmons ( 6 ) , Cruz ( 22 ) . SB_D.Gordon ( 22 ) .
IP H R ER BB SO Los Angeles Heaney L,4-6 7 5 3 3 2 10 Ramirez 1 1 1 1 0 1 Seattle LeBlanc W,4-0 7 3 1 1 1 4 Colome H,11 1 1 0 0 1 0 Diaz S,33-36 1 0 0 0 0 1
WP_Heaney .
Umpires_Home , Tripp Gibson ; First , Brian Gorman ; Second , Mike Muchlinski ; Third , Adrian Johnson .
T_2:27 . A_38,624 ( 47,943 ) .
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
March 31 Yifan Pharmaceutical Co. , Ltd. :
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/TBAkhI
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Aug 12 , 2017 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; Hideki Matsuyama plays from the sand on the 18th hole during the third round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club . Mandatory Credit : Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - Hideki Matsuyama has broad shoulders but is not finding it easy to carry the weight of an entire nation as he seeks to become the first Japanese man to win a major .
Matsuyama started the third round of the PGA Championship tied for the lead with Kevin Kisner but never got into gear , a bogey at the first setting the table for a pedestrian one-over-par 72 .
That was still good enough to remain in contention , a stroke behind Kisner , who dropped three shots in the final three holes .
`` Probably the pressure had something to do with it , being in the last group in a major tournament , '' said Matsuyama .
`` But I have n't been spot-on all week , and the worries I had about my swing showed up today in the way I played .
`` I 'm disappointed the way I played today , however I 'm happy to be one stroke back and still have a chance and looking forward to tomorrow . ''
Matsuyama is coming off a closing 61 that clinched a runaway victory at last week 's WGC-Bridgestone Invitational . He said at the time he had shot the stunning score despite being uncomfortable with his swing , words he repeated pre-tournament here .
Despite his struggles , the 25-year-old played the difficult final three holes better than his rivals , parring them all to finish the day much closer than he expected an hour previously .
MINSK Belarus 's authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko will meet Russia 's Vladimir Putin in St Petersburg on Monday , signalling the two sides are looking to settle their differences as a crackdown on protests in Minsk risks new Western sanctions .
Russia and Belarus are traditional allies but relations became strained after Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula in 2014 , a move Lukashenko described as a `` bad precedent '' . Russia cut the subsidies it uses to keep its one-time Soviet vassal afloat , worsening an economic downturn in Belarus .
But Lukashenko 's suppression of street demonstrations could undo his recent efforts to court the West and nudge him back towards Moscow . Hundreds were arrested last weekend in Minsk , some dragged away or beaten by riot police .
Moscow and Minsk are in a dispute over the price that Belarus pays for imports of Russian gas and over a reduction in the volumes of crude oil that Russia ships to Belarus .
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov , on a regular conference call with reporters , said the trade disputes would be on the agenda at Monday 's meeting . Separately , Russia 's ambassador to Minsk said all oil and gas issues could be resolved .
Belarus is in its third year of recession , hit by the knock-on effects of a downturn in Russia and a fall in oil prices . Monthly wages have fallen to $ 380 from $ 630 in 2014 .
Russia 's own finances are squeezed and the country is still under Western sanctions following the Crimea annexation . Over the past year , Russia has reduced oil supplies to Belarus by 20 percent , hitting Belarussian refiners and knocking , in Minsk 's estimates , 1.5 percentage points off economic growth .
The result is a fraying social contract between Belarussians and Lukashenko , a former state farm manager who has ruled for nearly a quarter of a century promising jobs , steady incomes and stability in exchange for obedience .
PARASITES AND SCUMBAGS
The protests in Belarus coincided with similar ructions across the border in Russia . But while in Russia the protests were powered by the young , in Belarus a significant portion was made up of Lukashenko 's traditional base .
The foreign minister of neighbouring Lithuania warned that the crackdown would affect Belarus 's future ties with the EU .
`` If once again there are political prisoners , then without any doubt we will again return to the question of sanctions , '' Linas Linkevicius told Lithuanian public radio this week .
Police had not interfered in earlier demonstrations but last week Lukashenko hardened his stance against the protesters , calling them `` scumbags '' and accusing a `` fifth column '' of plotting to overthrow him and plunge the country into chaos .
`` It was terrible , it was a nightmare . A 70-year-old grandmother was dragged by several policemen . The powers that be had shown they despise the people , '' said Vladimir , a 49-year-old protester .
`` I work in a private company but recently it has become harder for us to live . People are poor . Only those who are beating people today are getting a good salary . ''
The demonstrations began on February 17 , almost exactly a year after the EU lifted sanctions on Belarus citing its improved human rights record , and doubled an aid package to 29 million euros from 14.5 million in 2015 .
The trigger for the protests was a new tax of around $ 250 on citizens working less than 183 days a year , locally known as a law against `` social parasites '' . Belarussians said the tax unfairly punished those unable to find work .
Nikolai Statkevich , a Belarussian opposition leader who spent four years in prison after a previous crackdown , said the protests would continue .
`` Dialogue with the West began with my release . If I am now imprisoned in a criminal case , the basis for the dialogue is lost . And the authorities need money to maintain a machine of repression , '' Statkevich said .
`` The social contract in Belarus is changing - there was loyalty in exchange for benefits , then loyalty in exchange for stability , '' he said .
`` Now the money is enough only to maintain the loyalty of small groups , in particular the 'siloviki ' , '' he said , referring to those in power whose roots go back to the security services .
( Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova in MOSCOW and Andrius Sytas in VILNIUS ; Writing by Matthias Williams ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho is hopeful of returning to action soon after sustaining a dead leg during the club 's 1-0 Premier League victory over Watford on Monday , the playmaker has said .
The 24-year-old limped off the pitch in the first 15 minutes of the match at Vicarage Road and was replaced by Adam Lallana but manager Juergen Klopp said that the Brazilian had not been badly injured .
`` He has a dead leg , hopefully it 's not too serious but of course it 's really painful and no chance ( he could continue ) . Everybody could see he tried hard , but no chance , '' Klopp told reporters after the game .
Coutinho posted a picture on Instagram with German teammate Emre Can , whose spectacular overhead kick secured all three points for Liverpool .
`` Thanks to all for the support . It is n't serious , '' Coutinho wrote in the caption .
Liverpool , who are third in the table , host Southampton in the league on Sunday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru , editing by Nick Mulvenney )
Of the three major military dramas arriving on broadcast TV this fall , SEAL Team is the sincerest .
The series ( Wednesdays , 9 p.m. , on Global and CBS , 2 ½ out of four ) works mostly because it 's not reaching beyond its comfort zone . Following a team of Navy SEALs carrying out covert operations with the aid of the CIA , it 's an uncomplicated action series without twists or unnecessary spectacle , at least so far .
TV veteran David Boreanaz ( Bones ) plays Jason Hayes , the leader of the Tier One ( SEALs ) , and he 's an intense and focused guy not unlike the FBI agent he played for so many years on Fox 's series . Jason 's home life has crumbled due to his dedication to his work , and he 's haunted by the death of a teammate on a recent mission . The cast is rounded out by Jessica Pare ( Mad Men ) as a CIA analyst and Max Thieriot as a young and ambitious soldier trying to make it into the Tier One unit .
The drama plays to the strengths of its network , and its star . The missions are simple and paint the soldiers as patriotic and unimpeachably good . In last week 's second episode , SEAL flirted with bigger questions about war and the state of the world , but all in the service of its core characters . The action is sharp , clean and often close up , prioritizing the soldiers ' points of view .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha was not given an England call-up because the FA is biased towards players from the more `` glamorous '' Premier League clubs , according to Palace chairman Steve Parish .
England manager Gareth Southgate recently voiced his frustration with Zaha , who switched his international allegiance to the Ivory Coast last year after not being selected for any England squad since 2013 .
Zaha , who made two friendly appearances for England , committed to playing for the Ivory Coast before Southgate 's permanent appointment in November .
`` It has a lot to do with the less glamorous clubs . The FA do n't talk to people that come to Palace games . They talk to people who go to Manchester United and Arsenal games , '' Parish told The Times .
`` He ( Zaha ) can change a game in a minute . Anybody who watched Wilfried will tell you that some of the things that he does are ludicrous . Do we not want that ? I ca n't believe there was not a role for Wilfried at England . ''
Zaha has been in fine form for the Ivory Coast , scoring two goals in six games .
`` The whole England set-up gave Wilfried no love and it is a shame that we lost him . Wilfried was waiting and waiting for that call , '' Parish added .
`` It is devastating for us ... We need to capture all the talent we can and give it some love . ''
Zaha has scored six goals in 27 appearances for 16th-placed Palace who face leaders Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru , editing by Ed Osmond )
DUBAI , April 12 Mashreq , Dubai 's third-biggest lender by assets , on Wednesday reported a 2.7 percent rise in first-quarter net profit as bad loans eased .
Net profit rose to 546 million dirhams ( $ 148.7 million ) in the three months to March 31 , it said in a statement , up from 532 million .
Mashreq said the rise was primarily due to a 15 percent drop in impairment charges .
( $ 1 = 3.6730 UAE dirham ) ( Reporting by Tom Arnold ; editing by Jason Neely )
May 2 Hong Kong Resources Holdings Co Ltd :
* Perfect Ace Investments Limited and Limin Corporation have entered into a sale and purchase agreement
* After completion of agreement Weltrade will be representing approximately 27.83 pct of entire issued share capital of co
* Perfect Ace Investments agreed to sell and Weltrade agreed to purchase 980.2 million ordinary shares in company
* Parties entered into sale and purchase agreement with Weltrade Limited Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The National Transportation Safety Board wants the Federal Aviation Administration to ban commercial flights ' use of harness systems that do n't allow for easy release during emergencies .
The NTSB issued the urgent safety recommendation Monday , after a helicopter crashed in the New York 's East River March 11 and killed five people . The Liberty Helicopters chopper had been chartered for a private photo shoot . When the the helicopter crashed , the passengers drowned because they were unable to break free from harnesses meant to prevent them from falling out .
A news release from the NTSB states that the harness system on the Liberty helicopter had “ nylon fall-protection harness tethered via a lanyard to the helicopter , ” which allowed the passengers to move securely in the chopper . The harness system , the NTSB states , was not installed by Liberty but was a collection of “ off-the-shelf components ” given to the passengers by FlyNYON , the tour company that hired Liberty .
“ The harness system provided to the passengers on the accident flight was not evaluated by the FAA , ” according to the NTSB release .
While the FAA issued an order Friday suspending “ doors off ” flights involving “ restraints that can not be released quickly in an emergency , ” NTSB chairman Robert L. Sumwalt said in a statement Monday that “ the FAA has not outlined how or when they plan to take action . ”
“ Definitive action needs to be taken , ” he said .
The March 11 crash was the deadliest crash involving a national doors-off helicopter tour , and Liberty Helicopters ' third crash in the past 11 years .
Liberty Helicopters posted a statement on its website after the crash , saying it was “ focused on supporting the families affected by this tragic accident and on fully cooperating with the FAA and NTSB investigations . ”
Authorities in Bermuda have confirmed the death of a 19-year-old American student who went missing over the weekend .
Acting Assistant Commissioner of Police James Howard announced Monday that Mark Dombroski 's body was found in a moat at Fort Prospect .
Howard said foul play has not been ruled out and forensic officers are examining the scene where the body was found .
“ We extend our heartfelt condolences to the Dombroski family , ” Howard said during a news conference after the body was found .
Dombroski , a freshman at Saint Joseph 's University in Philadelphia , was a member of the rugby team and was on the island to compete in the 2018 Ariel Re Bermuda International 7s Rugby Tournament .
The tournament ended on Saturday . According to police , “ It then appears that Mark along with friends and family went out to socialize . ”
According to police , Dombroski was last seen by his family and friends just after midnight Sunday at a restaurant called The Dog House .
“ The Saint Joseph 's University community is heartbroken tonight to learn from the Bermuda Police Services ( BPS ) in Hamilton that student Mark Dombroski has died . We extend our deepest sympathies to the Dombroski family along with Mark 's teammates , classmates and friends , ” read a statement from the university on Monday .
“ Saint Joseph 's students in need of counseling or ministry have been informed of available services . The circumstances of Mark 's death are still under investigation by the BPS . During this difficult time , we ask for your understanding and that you respect the privacy of Mark 's family and friends . ”
Police were notified of Dombroski 's disappearance at 9:39 a.m. Sunday and Howard said police “ within an hour mobilized officers to commence looking through CCTV and checking for the young man . ”
Police confirmed that “ CCTV footage indicates that Mark was seen alone at 1:09 a.m. Sunday , March 18 , walking east along Front Street just past the junction with King Street . He was wearing a green T-shirt , khaki pants and black shoes . He appeared to be using a cellphone device . ”
Bermuda Police Services are asking anyone with information to contact police headquarters .
Hard Rock casino starts internet gambling days after opening
Photo : Wayne Parry , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This June 26 , 2018 , file photo shows workers putting the finishing touches on a large electric guitar replica on the front of the Hard Rock casino in Atlantic City , NJ . New Jersey 's thriving internet gambling market has grown a bit bigger . The Hard Rock casino in Atlantic City went live with its internet gambling operation on Tuesday , July 3 , five days after its brick-and-mortar casino opened its doors . less FILE - This June 26 , 2018 , file photo shows workers putting the finishing touches on a large electric guitar replica on the front of the Hard Rock casino in Atlantic City , NJ . New Jersey 's thriving internet ... more Photo : Wayne Parry , AP Hard Rock casino starts internet gambling days after opening 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
ATLANTIC CITY , N.J. ( AP ) — New Jersey 's thriving internet gambling market has grown a bit bigger .
The Hard Rock casino in Atlantic City went live with its internet gambling operation on Tuesday afternoon , five days after its brick-and-mortar casino opened its doors .
David Rebuck , director of the state Division of Gaming Enforcement , told The Associated Press the casino 's equipment and systems passed all the necessary tests , and were cleared for full operation as of noon .
`` Our online gaming team has done an amazing job launching one of the most dynamic online gaming experiences in the industry , '' said Matt Harkness , Hard Rock 's Atlantic City president . `` We 're excited to extend the Hard Rock brand beyond the Boardwalk and let casino players ( play ) across the Garden State . ''
The site , www.hardrockcasino.com , became the 26th legal internet gambling site in New Jersey .
And another one might not be far behind . The Ocean Resort Casino , which also opened its doors last Thursday , the same day as Hard Rock , is preparing to offer internet gambling as well .
Rebuck said Ocean Resort 's internet gambling operation is still in its testing phase with state gambling regulators .
Six casino licensees operate internet gambling in New Jersey : Borgata , Golden Nugget , Hard Rock , Resorts and Tropicana , and Caesars Interactive-NJ , which includes Caesars and Harrah 's . Other gambling companies that partner with Atlantic City casinos also are approved for internet gambling in the state .
Internet gambling began in New Jersey in Nov. 2013 and has been growing steadily .
Last year , internet gambling brought in $ 245 million for Atlantic City 's casinos , or roughly 10 percent of their total revenue .
Combined with sports betting , which just began last month in New Jersey , the casinos have two new revenue sources they lacked during a brutal two-year stretch in which five of the city 's 12 casinos shut down . Two of them , Revel and the Trump Taj Mahal , reopened last week as Ocean Resort and the Hard Rock , respectively .
___
Follow Wayne Parry at http : //twitter.com/WayneParryAC
March 29Zhejiang Hisun Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says net loss for FY 2016 is 94 million yuan
* Says in the previous outlook , the company expected the net profit for FY 2016 to increase by 260 percent to 300 percent
* Says the net profit of FY 2015 was 13.6 million yuan
* Comments that increased advance receipts instead of revenue is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/VXOPdB
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
April 6 Hull City manager Marco Silva hailed his side 's 4-2 Premier League win over Middlesbrough as their best performance since he took charge at the East Yorkshire club after they climbed out of the relegation zone on Wednesday .
Goals from winger Lazar Markovic , strikers Oumar Niasse and Abel Hernandez , and defender Harry Maguire ensured Hull 's second consecutive league win and extended their unbeaten home run to eight games in all competitions .
`` It was a very good performance and my feeling is that it was our best since I arrived here , '' said Silva , who replaced Mike Phelan in January , told the British media .
`` There are still many things that we have to work on as a team but I am happy with our progress . We worked together and played as a team -- this is the only way we can change the situation that we are in . ''
With seven games remaining , Silva has urged his side to continue their fight for survival as he expects the relegation battle to go to the final game of the campaign .
`` It 's a big fight and we must continue our work . I do n't have doubts that it will go down to the final days of the season , '' he added .
Hull , who have failed to register an league win on the road since August , visit fourth-placed Manchester City on Saturday . ( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru )
× Bill to defund Planned Parenthood heads to Governor 's desk
RICHMOND , Va. – The Senate on Tuesday narrowly passed a bill to curtail funding for Planned Parenthood and other health centers that perform abortions .
The Senate voted 20-19 along party lines in favor of HB 2264 , sponsored by Del . Benjamin Cline , R-Amherst .
The bill states that the Virginia Department of Health “ shall not enter into a contract with , or make a grant to , any entity that performs abortions that are not federally qualified abortions or maintains or operates a facility where non-federally qualified abortions are performed . ”
That means the state would cut off funds for organizations that offer abortions that are not eligible for matching funds under Medicaid . This would include any abortion outside of cases of rape , incest or “ gross fetal anomalies . ”
Essentially , the bill would shift funding from the five Planned Parenthood clinics in Virginia to federally funded hospitals and rural clinics .
The House passed the legislation , 60-33 , on Feb. 7 . With the Senate 's approval , the bill now goes to Gov . Terry McAuliffe . McAuliffe has said he will veto the measure .
Paulette McElwain , CEO of the Virginia League for Planned Parenthood , said the bill represents the state-level version of a national vendetta to defund Planned Parenthood .
“ We are , of course , very disheartened that members of the Senate have turned their backs on underserved women of Virginia , ” McElwain said . “ This bill specifically targets Planned Parenthood and , if passed into law , would undermine the health of thousands of our patients who count on us for comprehensive care . ”
McElwain said that as a result of the legislation , “ Virginia women would no longer have access to free STI ( sexually transmitted infections ) testing , a subsidized service utilized by nearly 2,000 of our patients last year . ”
“ In their single-minded focus on damaging our organization , these Virginia senators are causing direct and possibly lasting damage to the health of Virginia women , ” McElwain said .
Sen. Barbara Favola , D-Arlington , agreed . “ The clinics our colleagues are targeting help women treat infections like Hepatitis B to make sure these infections are not passed on to newborns through no fault of their own , ” she said .
Victoria Cobb , president of the Family Foundation of Virginia , said “ apologists for abortion centers ” incorrectly blamed Cline 's bill for endangering women 's health .
“ Virginia has a duty to steward taxpayer money in a way that ensures funds are distributed by priority to the most effective point-of-service health-care providers , ” Cobb said . “ This legislation simply ensures that hospitals , federally qualified health clinics and rural health clinics are funded over abortion centers . ”
She said that more than 140 federally qualified and rural clinics in Virginia offer comprehensive services to women and that many of them are in areas where Planned Parenthood does n't have clinics .
By Ashley Luck with Capital News Service
Capital News Service is a flagship program of VCU 's Robertson School of Media and Culture . Students participating in the program provide state government coverage for Virginia 's community newspapers and other media outlets , under the supervision of Associate Professor Jeff South .
March 31 AXACTOR AB ( PUBL )
* AXACTOR ACQUIRES A LARGE UNSECURED NON-PERFORMING LOAN ( NPL ) PORTFOLIO
* INVESTMENTS WILL BE FINANCED BY AXACTOR 'S AVAILABLE CASH AND OUR EXISTING CREDIT FACILITIES WITH A 50/50 SPLIT OF EQUITY/DEBT
* CLOSING OF TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE 21ST APRIL .
* THIS PORTFOLIO ACQUISITION WILL INCREASE AXACTOR 'S ERC BY MORE THAN 30 %
* PORTFOLIO IS ORIGINATED BY BANK NORWEGIAN IN SWEDEN
* AXACTOR AB ( PUBL ) - PORTFOLIO INCLUDES UNSECURED CREDIT WITH A TOTAL OUTSTANDING BALANCE ( OB ) OF APPROXIMATELY EUR 105 MILLION , ACROSS CLOSE TO 15,200 OPEN ACCOUNTS OF INDIVIDUAL LOANS AND CREDIT CARD DEBT Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Four people have been rushed to hospital after a stabbing on a Brampton transit bus Monday evening ( July 3 ) .
The incident occurred just after 9:15 p.m. on a Züm bus at Queen Street East and McVean Drive .
Peel Regional Police Const . Danny Marttini said a woman came onto the bus and the attac occurred moments later .
She said those rushed to hospital are a mix of males and females , and one male was rushed to a trauma centre in Toronto with serious injuries .
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
Hong Kong court upholds ruling in favor of same-sex couple
HONG KONG ( AP ) — Hong Kong 's Court of Final Appeal ruled Wednesday that the same-sex partner of a British expatriate is entitled to equal treatment under immigration law , marking a significant step for gay rights in the Chinese territory .
The unanimous judgment said the woman identified only as `` QT '' should be issued the same dependent visa that spouses and children of other foreigners working in the Asian financial hub are entitled to .
The ruling is seen as a landmark for Hong Kong , a Chinese territory and former British colony that maintains its own distinct Western-style legal system . Although same-sex unions are n't recognized under Hong Kong law , the city is broadly liberal in its social values and has a large foreign population .
`` This judgment is a milestone for Hong Kong and a watershed moment for the rights of LGBTI people across Asia , '' said Jan Wetzel , senior legal adviser at Amnesty International , in an emailed statement . `` The government must now follow up and end the discrimination same-sex couples face in all walks of life . ''
The ruling says the policy of accepting only opposite-sex spouses as eligible for a dependent visa `` constituted indirect discrimination . ''
QT entered into a same-sex civil partnership in England with her partner , identified as `` SS , '' but was given only a visitor 's visa when the couple entered Hong Kong in 2011 . That did not permit her the right to work or study , despite SS meeting the financial and other requirements for sponsoring a dependent .
QT 's application for a dependent visa was denied by a lower court but approved by the Court of Appeal . The immigration department appealed that ruling , arguing that Hong Kong law only recognized marriages between men and women , but Wednesday 's judgment turned that down .
The head of the immigration department `` failed to justify the discriminatory treatment , '' the ruling stated .
TORONTO , April 6 A 58-year-old American man was arrested after airport officials found a `` mock improvised explosive device '' in a suitcase on a United Airlines flight bound for Chicago , Canadian police said on Thursday .
The device was swabbed for explosives and found not to be a threat to safety , a Peel Regional police spokesman said . The Chicago O'Hare-bound flight was delayed for hours from its scheduled 7 a.m. EDT ( 1100 GMT ) departure from Toronto .
The suspect , who was not identified , was held for a bail hearing on Friday . ( Reporting by Solarina Ho ; Editing by Bernadette Baum )
KHOBAR/DUBAI , March 28 Citigroup has formally applied for a licence to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia , two sources familiar with the matter said , in a major move to return to the country after a roughly thirteen year absence .
The application has been made with Saudi Arabia 's Capital Market Authority ( CMA ) , whose primary role is to regulate and develop the capital market in the oil-rich kingdom , the sources told Reuters .
The sources declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter
Investment opportunities in the kingdom are opening up as the government diversifies its economy away from oil under its National Transformation Plan . The government is also preparing to list up to 5 percent of oil giant Saudi Aramco , an initial public offering that could raise as much as $ 100 billion .
Citi declined to comment on its Saudi plans . The CMA was not immediately available to comment . ( Reporting by Reem Shamseddine in KHOBAR , Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold in DUBAI ; Additional reporting by Marwa Rashad in Riyadh ; Editing by Mark Potter )
MONTREAL — The Montreal Canadiens recalled forward Nikita Scherbak from the Laval Rocket of the American Hockey League on Friday .
Scherbak , a 2014 first round draft pick , has seven goals and 30 points in 24 AHL games this season .
He played twice for Montreal early in the season without recording a point before suffering a knee injury .
He will be available for afternoon games at the Bell Centre on Saturday against Anaheim and on Sunday against Ottawa .
March 31 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the World championships Women 's Free Program on Friday 1 . Evgeniya Medvedeva ( Russia ) 154.40 2 . Kaetlyn Osmond ( Canada ) 142.15 3 . Gabrielle Daleman ( Canada ) 141.33 4 . Mai Mihara ( Japan ) 138.29 5 . Carolina Kostner ( Italy ) 130.50 6 . Karen Chen ( U.S. ) 129.31 7 . Choi Da-Bin ( Korea ) 128.45 8 . Elizabet Tursynbaeva ( Kazakhstan ) 126.51 9 . Mariah Bell ( U.S. ) 126.21 10 . Ashley Wagner ( U.S. ) 124.50 11 . Maria Sotskova ( Russia ) 122.44 12 . Wakaba Higuchi ( Japan ) 122.18 13 . Li Xiangning ( China ) 117.09 14 . Loena Hendrickx ( Belgium ) 115.28 15 . Anna Pogorilaya ( Russia ) 111.85 16 . Nicole Rajicova ( Slovakia ) 108.47 17 . Laurine Lecavelier ( France ) 107.50 18 . Rika Hongo ( Japan ) 107.28 19 . Nicole Schott ( Germany ) 106.58 20 . Li Zijun ( China ) 103.50 21 . Ivett Toth ( Hungary ) 99.77 22 . Angelina Kuchvalska ( Latvia ) 99.10 23 . Anastasia Galustyan ( Armenia ) 98.27 24 . Kailani Craine ( Australia ) 95.97
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud .
Harold Backer pleaded guilty Wednesday in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $ 5,000 .
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $ 5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts .
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the former investment dealer three years of probation . In an agreed statement of facts , Backer promised to pay restitution of $ 161,900 to five people .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
`` I do n't want to further anybody 's pain with anything I do or say . I should get in the back seat and close my mouth for a while . ''
The apology was forced by the backlash , but you got the sense Damon was n't doing it solely for that reason .
He was doing it because it had suddenly become abundantly clear to him that , not having been on the receiving end of sexual harassment , he does n't know what the hell he 's talking about .
Jump to last Sunday 's `` Grammy Awards , '' a bastion of male entitlement where — despite lip service to # MeToo and Time 's up — the creaky musical showcase awarded only one televised trophy to a female artist ( Canada 's Alessia Cara ) and pointedly failed to offer the lone female nominee for the prestigious Album of the Year a solo performing spot , despite the fact her four male cohorts were all featured prominently .
Questioned about the lack of recognition for women , Recording Academy president Neil Portnow opened his wizened mouth , stroked his greying beard and — like Moses on Mount Sinai — eloquently fingered the guilty party .
`` I think it has to begin with women who have the creativity in their hearts and souls , who want to be musicians , who want to be engineers , who want to be producers , who want to be part of the industry on the executive level to step up . ''
`` Step up '' — those were the trigger words .
`` Attention everyone , especially musicians : Step up , '' tweeted singer-songwriter Vanessa Carlton , who started a campaign to oust the silver-topped mansplainer . `` And sign the petition to have Neil Portnow , president of the Recording Academy/Grammy 's , step down . ''
And then pop star Pink weighed in : `` Women in music do n't need to 'step up ' , '' she tweeted using a lot of capitalized words for emphasis .
`` Women have been stepping up since the beginning of time . Stepping up , and also stepping aside . Women OWNED music this year . They 've been KILLING IT . And every year before this . ''
And this nugget from singer-songwriter Charlie XCX : `` Ugh bout 2 step up on 2 ur face . ''
A day or two later , Portnow meekly backed off , mumbling how his words had been taken `` out of context '' and vowing to create a task force to figure out why , after 120 years , women wield almost no power in the music industry .
As a middle-aged white guy who has fallen victim to the same tragic foot-in-mouth disease , even I find it comical how inept these ivory tower windbags are at navigating the sensitive waters of social change .
It 's not that men should n't speak up . It 's that they need to know what they 're talking about . And be respectful .
Which brings us to Justin Timberlake , the millennial pop star who will perform at this Sunday 's Super Bowl halftime show and — before even setting foot on stage — has engendered the wrath of # MeToo for , among other things , working with director Woody Allen , alleged to have molested his now grown daughter when she was seven .
If there 's an accident waiting to happen at the Super Bowl , it 's the scruffy golden boy who used to be in * NSYNC .
`` Random question , '' he tweeted in what was intended as a jocular conversation starter a week ago . `` Can someone please explain the saying , 'You just want your cake and to eat it too . ' What else am I about to do with a cake ? ? ''
The exchange that followed is a fascinating window into the cultural moment in which we currently exist .
`` The saying means , for example , you ca n't support Time 's Up and praise sexual predators at the same time , '' tweeted Allen 's estranged daughter , Dylan Farrow , outraged that anyone who would wear a Time 's Up pin would avidly support an alleged child molester .
`` You ca n't retain your credibility as an activist ( i.e . - retain the cake ) and , at the same time , praise a sexual predator ( i.e . - eating the cake ) . ''
Fired back a male fan , typically uncomprehending : `` Damn , ca n't a man just ask a philosophical question about cake without it turning into # metoo ? ''
Which prompted the pithy female rebuttal : `` Damn , ca n't a woman live without being sexually harassed/assaulted ? ( Answer : usually no . ) ''
You can bet that when Timberlake steps on that stage , 14 years after exposing Janet Jackson 's nipple in an infamous `` wardrobe malfunction '' that — as # MeToo supporters like to point out — derailed her career but had virtually no effect on his , he will be monitored closely .
It is equally certain that either before , during or after the show , unless someone sews his lips shut , he will say or do something to illustrate the same tone deafness that plagues all male celebrities who figure it 's their God-given right to pass judgment on the experiences of others .
So what 's the answer ? How can these blundering boneheads show respect for women , save their careers and stay out of trouble ?
•When it comes to # MeToo and Times up , if you 're planning to do anything other than pledge support to women on the front lines , ahem , shut the hell up .
•If an actress like , say , Alyssa Milano , co-leader of # MeToo and a harassment victim herself , compares different levels of sexual assault to different stages of cancer — `` Some more treatable than others . But it 's still cancer '' — and like Matt Damon , you strongly , vehemently disagree , look at yourself in the mirror , wag your finger and repeat these four magic words : Shut the hell up .
•When some rich male power broker is accused by multiple women of sexual misconduct and you suspect he 's being railroaded by vengeful ex-girlfriends making up lies and what is this , anyway , a witch-hunt ? , whack your head against the wall and explain to yourself that women have been dealing with sexual harassment on a scale you ca n't comprehend since the beginning to time . And then shut the hell up .
•If you put your foot in your mouth and end up having to explain some patronizing , know-it-all comment because it 's hardwired into your DNA and you could n't help it , do not use your daughters/wife/girlfriend/sister/mother as a convenient crutch to demonstrate your sensitivity to sexual harassment issues .
Lower your eyes , apologize sincerely and , next time , seriously , just shut it .
Joel Rubinoff writes about pop culture every Saturday . Email him at jrubinoff @ therecord.com
Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Advanced Braking Technology Ltd :
* ‍OPERATING REVENUE FOR FIVE MONTHS TO NOVEMBER 2017 REACHED $ 2.7 MILLION , UP 20 % ​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
April 13 Iheartmedia Inc
* Iheartcommunications , Inc. announces amendment and extension of private offers to holders of its five series of priority guarantee notes and its senior notes due 2021 to exchange such notes for new securities
* Iheartmedia Inc - term loan D and term loan E facilities have been amended and will now expire on April 21 , 2017 , at 5:00 p.m. , New York City time
* Iheartmedia Inc - exchange offers and consent solicitations will now expire on April 28 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Trump , Putin , Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
MANCHESTER , April 10 The bidding process has yet to begin but the joint proposal from the United States , Canada and Mexico to host the 2026 World Cup is already the heavy favourite to win .
A series of decisions made by the sport 's governing body FIFA , since the scandal over the voting for the 2018 and 2022 editions , have loaded the dice heavily in favour of the North American bid .
In October , FIFA 's ruling body decided that no country could bid for the 2026 hosting if their continental confederation had hosted one of the two preceding tournaments .
The controversial 2010 decision awarded 2018 to Russia and 2022 to Qatar meaning , unless there is a major change of heart from FIFA , no European or Asian country can compete with the North American bid .
That leaves Africa , South America and Oceania as potential bidders , but no candidate has emerged so far , although the Confederation of African Football has talked , in vague terms , about a possible Moroccan bid .
FIFA have also voted to expand the World Cup to 48 teams for the 2026 edition , requiring more facilities to handle the increase to 80 games , while also opening the door to joint bids .
FIFA had been against joint bids since the only time such an approach was tried in 2002 , when South Korea and Japan held the month-long event , but the organisation 's president Gianni Infantino has been vocal in his support for the idea .
The U.S , with its many modern stadiums , mainly used by the National Football League ( NFL ) , has the capacity to host an expanded tournament alone but Infantino 's opening to multi-national hosting provided a handy political solution for U.S. Soccer Federation president Sunil Gulati .
Gulati , who is also a FIFA council member and played a key role in helping Infantino win the presidency of FIFA in February , 2016 , is a wily operator and by bringing Mexico and Canada into his bid has eliminated from the process two potential rivals .
Mexico has hosted twice before , in 1970 and 1986 , but had made noises about a solo bid and Canadian Soccer Federation president Victor Montagliani , who is also a FIFA vice-president and president of regional confederation CONCACAF , has long talked of his country eventually hosting a World Cup .
A split within the CONCACAF region could have encouraged other potential bidders , but although Canada and Mexico will only get ten games each , they will share in the glory and their support helps the North American bid look so formidable at this stage .
There are however some potential pitfalls for Gulati 's effort to achieve what he could not manage in 2010 when a solo U.S bid was beaten by Qatar .
Some in FIFA may be reluctant to let Mexico have a third World Cup when so many countries have yet to enjoy the tournament even once . The violence of Mexico 's 'drug wars ' may also be a concern to some FIFA voters .
The political rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump regarding immigration and travel from certain Muslim-majority countries could also play on some minds .
There are also some in FIFA who are unhappy at the leading role the U.S. Department of Justice and FBI played in investigating FIFA corruption and arresting several FIFA figures .
And while soccer has grown in popularity in the United States since the country 's hosting of the 1994 tournament , the sport remains outside of the mainstream , still overshadowed by American football , basketball and baseball .
But FIFA 's recent financial troubles mean the huge revenue potential of a North American tournament will be very attractive to Infantino and the leadership .
And so far , in the post-scandal FIFA , what Infantino has wanted , he has received . ( Reporting by Simon Evans ; Editing by Andrew Both )
LAWRENCE , Kan. — Kansas forward Udoka Azubuike withdrew his name from the NBA draft on Wednesday , choosing to return for his junior season after participating in the combine .
The 7-footer from Nigeria started 34 games last season , averaging 13 points and seven rebounds . He shot 77 per cent from the field , a Big 12 record and the best mark in the nation .
Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man , and scouts have wondered how his skills would transfer to the NBA . The league 's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against his strengths , and developing an outside shot will likely be an emphasis at Kansas .
Azubuike said in a statement that he received `` good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month . '' He did not hire an agent and had until Wednesday 's deadline to withdraw .
MOSCOW , April 20 Leonid Mikhelson , co-owner of Russian gas producer Novatek , has topped Russia 's rich list for a second year running with an estimated wealth of $ 18.4 billion , the Russian edition of Forbes reported on Thursday .
It said that Mikhelson , 61 , had increased his wealth by $ 4 billion year-on-year , putting him at the head of the financial magazine 's 2017 list of Russia 's 200 wealthiest businessmen .
Apart from a stake in Novatek , Russia 's second largest gas producer after Gazprom , Mikhelson also owns a stake in Sibur , a petrochemical firm .
`` The cost of a ticket '' for a place on the Russian rich list reached a record $ 500 million this year , compared with $ 350 million a year ago , Forbes said .
The collective wealth of the 200 richest Russian businessmen increased to $ 460 billion , up $ 100 billion in a year . The number of dollar billionaires also jumped -- to 96 from 77 .
The increase was caused by the strengthening of the rouble against the dollar and by favourable conditions in the global commodity markets , above all by growth in steel prices .
As a result , the second and third spots in the ranking were occupied by steel tycoons .
Alexei Mordashov , 51 , who controls Russian steel producer Severstal , was ranked second with an estimated wealth of $ 17.5 billion . He was followed by Vladimir Lisin , 60 , the controlling shareholder of NLMK , another steelmaker , who was credited with an estimated wealth of $ 16.1 billion .
Their estimated wealth rose by $ 6.6 billion and $ 6.8 billion year-on-year respectively , Forbes said .
Mikhail Fridman , co-owner of Alfa-Bank , fell to seventh spot from second place last year , Forbes said . ( Reporting by Polina Devitt ; Editing by Andrew Osborn and David Evans )
SEOUL , March 30 North Korea on Thursday said it had reached agreement with Malaysia for the return of the body of a citizen killed in Kuala Lumpur in February and identified by South Korean and U.S. officials as the half-brother of the North 's leader .
The body is to be returned to family in North Korea , the official KCNA news agency said , adding that both countries would lift reciprocal bans on travel by citizens and guarantee their safety , letting nine Malaysians now in Pyongyang return home .
The agreement was reached after recent talks between North Korea and Malaysia in the capital , Kuala Lumpur , it added .
North Korea does not acknowledge the dead man is Kim Jong Nam , the half brother of leader Kim Jong-un . Pyongyang continues to refer to him as Kim Chol , the name on the diplomatic passport Kim was carrying when he died . ( Reporting by Ju-min Park and Jack Kim ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
COLUMBUS , Ohio — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in his NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets ' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams .
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game , and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period . Arena . Cam Atkinson , Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored , newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists , and Alexander Wennberg added two assists .
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois ' goal . Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots he faced in relief .
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets , it could have been worse .
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shovelled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that he snapped past Greiss .
Midway through the first period , Panarin circled in and teed up a pass that grazed Greiss ' stick and was redirected into the net off Atkinson 's skate . The whole sequence midway came about after Atkinson picked off a pass in the neutral zone and fed Panarin , who flashed some of the speed and offensive skill that led Columbus to acquire him from Chicago .
Murray scored from the left circle 6:57 into the second period after getting a pass from Panarin , who had carried the puck around the back of the net . Later on a power play , Werenski grabbed a sharp rebound and slammed it past Greiss from about 60 feet .
Dubois — the third overall pick in 2016 — got his first NHL goal , a wrister from the slot , 1:25 later .
NOTES : Atkinson has scored in four straight season openers . ... Panarin was the first player in Columbus franchise history to get three points in his club debut . ... The Blue Jackets loaned RW Josh Anderson to Cleveland of the American Hockey League for conditioning . He did n't participate in training camp because of a contract dispute . The team also sent D Markus Nutivaara to Cleveland . ... Columbus is the youngest team in the NHL with an average age of 25 . .... D Ryan Pulock , D Scott Mayfield and C Joshua Ho-Sang were healthy scratches for New York . D Scott Harrington was scratched for Columbus . ... Shane Prince and Alan Quine are out with injuries for New York . ... Boone Jenner , who is out with an injury for Columbus , saw his consecutive-game streak stopped at 175 .
UP NEXT :
NHL
Senators sign forward Paajarvi to one-year contract extension
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a $ 900,000 US , one-year contract extension Wednesday . The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last National Hockey League season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues . Paajarvi spent four-plus seasons with the Blues after beginning his career with a three-season run with the Edmonton Oilers . In 387 career NHL regular-season games , Paajarvi has 105 points ( 51-54 ) and 72 penalty minutes . Paajarvi , who was drafted by the Oilers with the 10th overall pick in 2009 , helped Sweden win gold at the recent world hockey championship in Denmark . He had three goals over 10 games .
NBA
Magic hire Clifford as head coach
Steve Clifford was announced Wednesday as the new coach of the Orlando Magic , returning to a National Basketball Association franchise that 's missed the playoffs in each of the past six years . Clifford spent the last five years as coach of the Charlotte Hornets before getting fired at the end of this season . He was an assistant in Orlando from 2007 to '12 on Stan Van Gundy 's staff . He 's the first major hire made by Magic president Jeff Weltman , who took over the club a year ago after the team fired Rob Hennigan and ended his five-year run . Clifford is replacing Frank Vogel , who was let go after two seasons . Clifford went 196-214 with the Hornets .
BASEBALL
Indians still working out treatment plan for Miller 's knee
CLEVELAND — The Cleveland Indians are working on a treatment plan for all-star reliever Andrew Miller 's sore right knee . Miller , on the disabled list for the second time this major-league baseball season , visited a specialist on Tuesday in New York . Manager Terry Francona said Wednesday he intends to meet with Miller , the team 's medical staff and president Chris Antonetti to `` map out what we want to do . '' Antonetti says that surgery is not currently an option . Miller , 33 , played catch in the outfield before Wednesday 's game against the Chicago White Sox . One of baseball 's most dominant relievers , Miller has n't been effective since coming off the DL on May 11 . He opened the season with 10 scoreless innings before hurting his left hamstring . He is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances .
TENNIS
Serena launches fashion collection of her own
NEW YORK — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in her first major tennis tournament in 16 months , dressed in a black `` warrior princess '' catsuit , no less . But do n't look for her French Open outfit among the athleisure , office and evening clothes on her new namesake website , the only place her duds are available . Following collaborations with HSN and Nike , Williams ' `` Serena '' line includes an `` S '' motif and comfortable price points . The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs , along with a T-shirt with the name of her childhood home , Compton . She says she hopes to inspire women to own their own `` s '' words , like strong , sexy , sophisticated , sassy , smart , silly and spontaneous . Prices range from $ 40 for the logo T-shirt to $ 215 for a gold and black anorak jacket .
GOLF
Quicken Loans to sponsor new PGA Tour event in Detroit
DETROIT — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence . Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year . Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played , though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open . The tour said Wednesday the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club , a Donald Ross design . As part of the deal , the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer , the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation .
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009 , a tournament that Woods won three times .
FIGURE SKATING
Four Continents championships returning to U.S .
ANAHEIM , Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years . The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim , Calif. , home to the National Hockey League 's Ducks . The competition in singles , pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas , Asia , Africa and Oceania . The event was last held in the U.S. in 2012 at Colorado Springs , Colo . The U.S. also hosted in '06 , '07 and '11 .
BOXING
Lomachenko has shoulder surgery , wants to fight this year
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in his right shoulder . The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year , according to a statement Wednesday from his promoter . Lomachenko ( 11-1 , 9 KOs ) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache . Lomachenko says he hurt his shoulder during the second round of his 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend his WBA lightweight title . ElAttrache says Lomachenko had an `` extensive '' tear in his labrum along with cartilage damage , but the surgeon believes Lomachenko will make a full recovery . Lomachenko initially planned to fight again Aug. 25 , but wo n't make that date while recovering .
NBA
Callahan , Mauer lead referee selections for finals
OAKLAND , Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer , along with first-timer David Guthrie , are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the National Basketball Association finals . Callahan has worked 19 games in the finals and Mauer has worked 18 . This will be the 15th finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer . Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers , James Capers , Marc Davis , Scott Foster , John Goble , Ed Malloy , Jason Phillips , Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba . Guthrie is the only referee who will be making his finals debut this year . Eric Lewis and Tom Washington were selected as alternates .
News services
News services
Golf-Yusaku Miyazato ready to step out of sister Ai 's shadow
June 14 Japan 's Yusaku Miyazato 's recent form suggests the 36-year-old is finally ready to step out of the shadow of his illustrious younger sister Ai in a year the former women 's number one confirmed would be her last as a professional .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Swiss academic Tariq Ramadan , a professor of Islamic studies , was ordered to remain in custody in France on Friday and notified that he was the target of a full investigation into rape accusations , a source with the prosecutor 's office said .
Ramadan , who denies the allegations , took temporary leave in November from his post at Britain 's University of Oxford .
He vowed to sue for slander two women whose rape accusations prompted a preliminary judicial inquiry .
Friday 's announcement turned that preliminary inquiry into a full , open-ended investigation where French magistrates stated goal is to establish whether Ramadan should stand trial .
In France , the launch of a full investigation implies that initial findings justify further pursuit in the view of the investigating magistrates but does not mean the matter is sure to go to trial .
Ramadan is a grandson of Hasan al-Banna , an Islamist thinker and activist who founded the Muslim Brotherhood . He enjoys a substantial following among young Muslims and has challenged French restrictions on wearing veils .
Police arrested him and took him into custody earlier this week in France .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
March 30 Fair Value Reit AG
* EBIT up 26 percent to 15.5 million euros ( $ 16.67 million ) in 2016 ( previous year : 12.3 million euros )
* FY group net profit up 3 percent to 6.9 million euros ( previous year : 6.6 million euros )
* FY funds from operations ( FFO ) as forecast at previous-year level of 6.4 million euros ( 0.45/share euros )
* Proposed dividend for 2016 of 0.40 euros per share
* Successful lets increase pro forma occupancy rate to 93.2 percent in 2016
* For 2017 expects FFO before non-controlling interests to range between around 9.6 million euros and 10.2 million euros and after non-controlling interests of between 6.1 million euros and 6.4 million euros
* Target dividend for 2017 is 0.25 euros per share for all shares currently outstanding
* Rental income within fair value group totalling 22.5 million euros in 2016 was around 7 percent short of previous-year figure of 24.3 million euros due to sales and vacancies
* Fy net rental income amounted to 16.1 million euros , down 9 percent on previous-year figure of 17.7 million euros Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9299 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Walmart offers free tuition to U.S. workforce
Photo : Timothy Fadek / Bloomberg Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 An employee arranges merchandise at a Walmart Inc. store in Secaucus , New Jersey , U.S. , on Wednesday , May 16 , 2018 . Walmart is scheduled to release earnings figures on May 17 . Photographer : Timothy Fadek/Bloomberg less An employee arranges merchandise at a Walmart Inc. store in Secaucus , New Jersey , U.S. , on Wednesday , May 16 , 2018 . Walmart is scheduled to release earnings figures on May 17 . Photographer : Timothy ... more Photo : Timothy Fadek / Bloomberg Walmart offers free tuition to U.S. workforce 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Walmart , the nation 's largest employer with some 2.3 million people , will offer its workers free college tuition at a trio of schools , including for online coursework .
Employees can enroll for $ 1 a day at the University of Florida , Bellevue University in Nebraska or Brandman University in Irvine , Calif. , with Walmart promising to add more nonprofit schools .
Walmart is administering the program through Guild Education , a Colorado startup that has additional partnerships with the University of Denver and Wilmington University in Delaware . Other companies enrolled in Guild education programs include Lowe 's , Chipotle Mexican Grill , Discover , Lyft and Taco Bell .
Guild touts its program as generating a 98 percent worker retention rate for the employers it assists , versus a 71 percent baseline retention rate .
For workers lacking secondary school credentials to enroll , Guild offers a college prep program to help students win admission and prepare for the rigor of university instruction .
Among 35 stores in Connecticut , Walmart has two locations in Norwalk as well as stores in Danbury , Milford , Shelton and Stratford . Walmart 's supercenter stores employ 350 people each on average , making the retailer among the region 's larger employers . On its website , Walmart does not list the specific numbers of open jobs it has at each store .
The company closed a Derby store in 2016 and scrapped plans last year for a new supercenter in Monroe .
It is the latest initiative by Walmart to boost benefits for workers , with the company this year pledging to raise its starting wage to $ 11 an hour — not far above Connecticut 's minimum wage of $ 10.10 an hour — while handing out bonuses of up to $ 1,000 as a windfall from U.S. tax reform .
Alex.Soule @ scni.com ; 203-842-2545 ; @ casoulman
BOSTON , March 29 A unit of Banco Santander SA has agreed to pay $ 22 million in connection with what the attorney general in Massachusetts called a first-in-the-nation settlement involving subprime auto loan securitization .
Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc 's settlement was announced at a press conference in Boston by Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey on Wednesday .
The accord marked the first settlement in the United States in connection with investigations into how financial institutions packaged subprime auto loans into securities sold to investors . The U.S. Justice Department has also been investigating .
( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston )
Greece 's dark age : how austerity turned off the lightsDeepening poverty in Greece following seven years of austerity that was demanded by the country 's international creditors is causing many families to owe so much to the country 's power utilities that they can not use electricity in their homes . The state-controlled Public Power Corporation has 2.6 billion euros ( $ 2.8 billion ) in unpaid bills . People in poor neighborhoods are also increasingly turning to energy fraud , meaning that the problem for PPC is much higher than the mountain of unpaid bills suggests . Power theft is costing PPC around 500-600 million euros a year in lost income , an industry official said , requesting anonymity because he was not authorized to divulge the numbers.here
Commentary : The worrying lessons of Syria 's chemical attack
In terms of raw casualty numbers , Tuesday 's apparent nerve gas attack near the Syrian city of Khan Sheikhoun – believed to have killed at least 70 – should hardly be significant against the backdrop of a war that has left hundreds of thousands of people dead . But that was never the point of chemical weapons , writes Peter Apps . Since European powers first used them over a century ago at the height of World War One , they have held a psychological and political shock value in many ways out of proportion to their physical or military effect . here
Destructive weed threatens U.S. corn
A U.S. government program designed to convert farmland to wildlife habitat has triggered the spread of a fast-growing weed that threatens to strangle crops in America 's rural heartland . The weed is hard to kill and , if left unchecked , destroys as much as 91 percent of corn on infested land , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) . It is spreading across Iowa , which accounts for nearly a fifth of U.S. corn production and in 2016 exported more than $ 1 billion of corn and soy.here
Zara owner takes step to keep company in the family
Amancio Ortega , the reclusive 81-year-old founder of the world 's biggest clothing retailer Inditex and Europe 's richest man , has put a majority stake in the firm that owns the Zara fashion chain into a holding company to ensure family control remains unassailable after he dies . Ortega 's heirs will now inherit stakes in Pontegadea , which groups assets worth around 57 billion euros , rather than Inditex shares which potentially could be sold , muddying prospects for the company 's direction .
here
How artificial life spawned a billion-dollar industryScientists are getting closer to building life from scratch and technology pioneers are taking notice , with record sums moving into synthetic biology , a field that could deliver novel drugs , materials , chemicals and even perfumes . Despite ethical and safety concerns , investors are attracted by synthetic biology 's wide market potential and the plummeting cost of DNA synthesis , which is industrializing the writing of the genetic code that determines how organisms function.here
Reuters photo of the day
Just five more minutes
here artiste is reflected in a mirror as he applies make-up backstage before taking part in a celebration to mark Hindu festival of Ramnavami inside the premises of a temple in Bengaluru , India April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Vitamins made by Shire are displayed at a chemist 's in northwest London , Britain July 11 , 2014 . REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Vitamins made by Shire are displayed at a chemist 's in northwest London July 11 , 2014 . REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
LONDON Pharmaceutical group Shire ( SHP.L ) , which bought haemophilia specialist Baxalta last year , reported a better-than-expected 14 percent rise in first-quarter earnings , helped by cost savings and higher sales of its rare disease drugs .
Shares in the London-listed company jumped 3 percent to the top of the FTSE 100 index on Tuesday as analysts said its cost controls had helped it beat forecasts by around 9 percent .
Chief Executive Flemming Ornskov said the year had started strongly , with growth across its portfolio from rare disease medicines to hyperactivity drugs , including blockbuster Vyvanse , which is still growing 11 years after launch .
He said the integration of Baxalta , which aims to achieve at least $ 700 million in cost savings by the third year , was ahead of schedule , although some of the progress on margins in the quarter were down to one-off benefits from the deal .
`` ( But ) we are beginning to see some sustainable cost improvements being generated , '' he said .
Shire reported non-GAAP diluted earnings per ADS of $ 3.63 , beating analyst forecasts of $ 3.27 , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S . Product sales , which were boosted by the Baxalta deal , surged 110 percent to $ 3.4 billion .
The company reiterated its full-year forecast given in February for product sales to rise to $ 14.5 billion-14.8 billion this year and earnings per share to increase to $ 14.60- $ 15.20 .
Deutsche Bank , which has a `` buy '' recommendation on Shire , said the results had reassured investors .
`` Although guidance was only reiterated , this performance is encouraging given that the market expected a soft start to the year and Baxalta pro forma growth of 8 percent was solid , '' it said .
Shire is awaiting a decision from the U.S. regulator on its new long-acting hyperactivity drug .
`` If approved we are very excited by the possibility of further expanding our leadership position in ADHD in the United States , '' Ornskov said .
Investors are also expecting the results of a clinical trial , due this quarter , of its new medicine to treat hereditary angioedema , a drug that analysts say could reach peak annual sales of around $ 2 billion .
Shire 's shares have been trading at a steep discount to analysts ' forward growth forecasts , analysts at Jefferies have said , in part due to concerns about competition in the haemophilia market , including the threat from a new investigational medicine being developed by Roche . Renewed political focus in the United States on drug prices has also hurt the share price .
( Editing by Kate Holton and Susan Fenton )
Sarah Parish impressed viewers in the ITV thriller - but the sound did not .
Sarah Parish 's new crime drama Bancroft has come under fire from viewers who claimed the first episode was plagued by mumbling and poor sound quality .
Many said they could not fully enjoy the action in the ITV thriller because they could not hear the dialogue well enough .
“ Is it me or is the sound really quiet and muffled ? ” asked one person on Twitter .
Is it me or is the sound really quiet and muffled ? # Bancroft — james reed ( @ reedy1966 ) December 11 , 2017
“ I was excited to get stuck into # Bancroft tonight but the sound quality is appalling making it difficult viewing ! ” said another disgruntled viewer .
I was excited to get stuck into # Bancroft tonight but the sound quality is appalling making it difficult viewing ! 😔 — Grant Rivers ( @ SnowAndBeach ) December 11 , 2017
“ # Bancroft Another promising drama marred by dodgy sound balance – Det Andy is especially mumbletastic . And that scene with loud background music , shower sound , TV news… ” griped another .
# Bancroft Another promising drama marred by dodgy sound balance – Det Andy is especially mumbletastic . And that scene with loud background music , shower sound , TV news… — Martin Gray ( @ MartGray ) December 11 , 2017
One moaned : “ Lasted half an hour of # Bancroft nah too much mumbling too boring . ”
Lasted half an hour of # Bancroft nah too much mumbling too boring — Neil Kirke ( @ NeilKirke ) December 11 , 2017
Some people said they got around any sound issues by switching on the subtitles .
“ Why ca n't people talk CLEARLY in programmes ? ! # Bancroft It 's bad enough I have hearing loss but I should n't have to ask people I visit to put their subtitles on so I can understand their mumblings , ” said one viewer .
Why ca n't people talk CLEARLY in programmes ? ! # Bancroft It 's bad enough I have hearing loss but I should n't have to ask people I visit to put their subtitles on so I can understand their mumblings 🙄☹️😢 — Katrina Bradshaw ( @ katrinaroseb ) December 11 , 2017
Another said : “ Finding the sound awful on # Bancroft ! Pitying my neighbours so had to put the subtitles on ! Not good enough @ ITV . ”
Finding the sound awful on # Bancroft ! Pitying my neighbours so had to put the subtitles on ! Not good enough @ ITV — 🌸 Rosie 🌸 ( @ Roz4luv ) December 11 , 2017
Several British television dramas have been hit by complaints over mumbling , with Happy Valley , SS-GB and Jamaica Inn all being criticised .
The four-part ITV drama , written and created by Kate Brooke , sees detective Elizabeth Bancroft ( Parish ) try to bring down the pernicious and vicious Kamara gang .
The drama really unfolds though when her colleague – ambitious recruit DS Katherine Stevens – starts working on the case of a woman called Laura , who was killed 27 years ago .
There was a positive response to Bancroft from many who did appear to hear it clearly .
And many people praised Parish 's acting skills .
One pleased viewer said : “ @ DrSarahParish you were utterly compelling and brilliant as always hon ! Love lily am hooked . ”
@ DrSarahParish you were utterly compelling and brilliant as always hon ! Love lily 😜am hooked @ ITV # Bancroft — Angela Lonsdale ( @ angelalonsdale ) December 11 , 2017
Another wrote : “ @ drsarahparish is just amazing in # bancroft , really enjoyed the first episode ca n't wait for the second . ”
Bancroft continues on ITV on Tuesday .
© Press Association 2017
RIYADH May 2 Saudi Arabia 's Ministry of Health has received at least six bids to act as financial adviser for the privatisation of 55 primary healthcare centres in Riyadh , banking sources said .
The privatisation , which is expected to run into billions of riyals , is part of the government 's plan to ease the strain on state coffers from low oil prices by placing industries ranging from healthcare to airports in private hands .
Albilad Capital , NCB Capital , Gulf International Bank Capital , KPMG , PricewaterhouseCoopers and Banque Saudi Fransi all submitted bids by the deadline of April 26 to act as financial adviser for the programme , the sources said .
Each bidder is teaming up with a technical adviser for the project , said one of the sources .
The Ministry of Health did not respond to a request for comment .
The government will decide within the next 45 days which of the bids it intends to proceed with , one of the sources said .
The government views healthcare as the sector with the best potential for privatisations and is studying whether to sell off all public hospitals and 200,000 pharmacies , Vice Minister for Economy and Planning Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters on April 27 .
The kingdom faces rising medical expenses related to areas such as accidents , smoking and obesity . Health Minister Tawfiq al-Rabiah was quoted by Arab News on April 25 as estimating that medical costs would rise to about 250 billion riyals by 2030 . ( Reporting by Tom Arnold ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Workers are seen in office windows in the financial district of Canary Wharf in London November 3 , 2015 . REUTERS/Kevin Coombs
LONDON Inflation almost completely gnawed away the growth in pay of British workers during the three months to February , the clearest evidence yet that households are feeling the strain of rising prices as Brexit negotiations begin .
Inflation-adjusted pay growth inched up just 0.2 percent over the period , the weakest increase since mid-2014 , official data showed on Wednesday .
The figures drove home how households are grappling with rising prices in shops , exacerbated by the pound 's plunge that followed last year 's vote to leave the European Union and by rising global oil prices .
The unemployment rate in the period between December and February held steady at an almost 12-year low of 4.7 percent , in line with the median forecast in a Reuters poll of economists .
`` Big picture remains a labour market with very strong employment plateauing at record highs ... combined with a pay disaster , '' Torsten Bell , director of the Resolution Foundation think tank , said on Twitter .
Sterling hit its highest level in over a week against the U.S. dollar after the figures as investors focused on a slightly stronger-than-expected rate of nominal pay growth . [ GBP/ ]
Earnings including bonuses rose by an annual 2.3 percent in the three months to February , unchanged from the previous period , the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) said on Wednesday .
Economists taking part in a Reuters poll had expected growth of 2.2 percent .
An expected further rise in inflation is raising the prospect that wages , in real terms , will soon start to contract , as they did in most of the years since the 2008/09 recession .
Consumer price inflation stood at 2.3 percent in the 12 months to March and the Bank of England expects it to approach 2.7 percent by the end of this year . Many private economists expect inflation will surpass 3 percent this year .
After Britain 's economy withstood the initial shock of the Brexit vote last year , economists have reined in their forecasts for how much unemployment is likely to rise .
But the ONS said the number of unemployment benefit claimants - which is a potential early warning sign of an economic downturn - rose by 25,500 to 765,400 in March , the largest increase since July 2011 .
Economists taking part in the Reuters poll had expected the number of benefit claimants to fall by 3,000 .
The number of people in work increased only modestly by 39,000 although the employment rate of 74.6 percent was a joint record high . Job vacancies in the three-month period to the end of March rose by 16,000 to a record high 767,000 .
British workers are becoming more reticent about moving jobs as the process of leaving the European Union gets underway , exacerbating long-standing skill shortages , a survey of recruiters showed on Friday .
( Editing by William Schomberg and Janet Lawrence )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
May 2 Tenneco Inc
* Says amended and renewed its north american trade accounts receivable securitization program
* Says extended term of both facilities to april 30 , 2019
* Says amount of financing provided by first priority facility will be increased to $ 155 million
* Tenneco says financing provided by second priority facility , which is subordinated to first priority facility , will be decreased to $ 25 million-sec filing Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Tennis - Australian Open - Melbourne Park , Melbourne , Australia - 28/1/17 Serena Williams of the U.S. celebrates winning her Women 's singles final match against Venus Williams of the U.S. . REUTERS/David Gray
( Corrects name to Streicher from Stretcher , paragraph 18 , 20 ; Note that the story was updated under headline `` Health , training to play into Williams ' tennis comeback after childbirth '' )
By Julie Steenhuysen
CHICAGO Tennis star Serena Williams could take a pass on Wimbledon if physical changes from her pregnancy such as balance and blood flow affect her preparation and performance , researchers who study pregnancy in high-performing athletes said .
It would be perfectly safe for Williams to continue with rigorous training throughout pregnancy , but how quickly she would return to tournament tennis , if she so chooses , was uncertain , the researchers said .
Williams on Wednesday confirmed her pregnancy through spokeswoman Kelly Bush Novak after the tennis player posted a picture of herself in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption `` 20 weeks . ''
James Pivarnik , a kinesiology professor at Michigan State University , said Williams ' muscular build could forestall some of the changes that could impair performance . Williams , who is 5 feet 9 inches ( 1.75 meters ) and weighed 155 pounds ( 70 kg ) according to her tennis association profile , won a 23rd Grand Slam tournament title at the Australian Open in January .
`` It 's not like some little 95 pound distance runner . From a size change difference , it might take longer for that to be an issue with her , depending on how she carries , '' said Pivarnik , who has studied the impact of pregnancy on exercise for the past three decades .
In pregnancy , a woman 's center of gravity shifts forward to accommodate the growing fetus , which could affect Williams ' stance . Pivarnik said that Williams ' size may be an advantage .
Williams has not played since January and two major events are coming up : the French Open in May and Wimbledon in July .
Pivarnik said , he would be `` shocked '' if Williams decided to compete at Wimbledon .
`` She 'd be 30 weeks . I ca n't see her being able to perform at a level she 'd need to win , '' he said .
Most top athletes are able to perform very well through about the first half of pregnancy , said Dr. Bruce Young , a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at New York University Langone Medical Center .
Starting at about six months of pregnancy , a woman 's balance shifts . `` That would be fine if you were a swimmer . If you are a tennis player , it 's a problem , '' Young said .
Other changes could also have an impact , he said . For example , beginning at about 5 months , a woman 's blood volume increases by 50 to 60 percent over the non-pregnant state , forcing the heart to work harder .
Red blood cell counts increase , but not in proportion to the increase in blood volume , reducing the oxygen-carrying capacity in the blood , he said .
A woman 's lung volume also decreases as the uterus grows and presses on the diaphragm .
`` If you are competing at a very high level , that becomes a factor , '' Young said .
Extreme exercise and training during pregnancy remains safe , however , and can contribute to a swift return to pre-pregnancy performance levels provided the delivery goes smoothly , a survey of scientific literature by experts on behalf of the International Olympic Committee found .
`` I 've known women who are back to running fast 5Ks in a month because they ran probably up until 36 weeks without much problem , '' Pivarnik said .
Dr. Lauren Streicher , clinical associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago , said Williams ' age - 35 - increases her chances of pregnancy complications , such as developing high blood pressure .
Predicting how long it will take Williams to recover from a pregnancy depends on several factors , including whether she had an easy or complicated vaginal or Cesarean delivery , whether she breastfeeds and whether her baby sleeps through the night or keeps her up for feedings every few hours .
`` As much as we would like to be able to predict this stuff , the nature of pregnancy is it 's going to be different for everyone , '' Streicher said .
( Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen , editing by Caroline Humer and Grant McCool )
May 2 Vitol Sa
* To acquire Rotterdam splitter from Koch Supply & Trading
* Deal for an undisclosed sum , subject to the relevant regulatory approvals
* Has agreed to acquire an 85,000 barrels per day condensate splitter in Rotterdam from Koch Supply & Trading BV
* Asset will be acquired by Vitol subsidiary Vitol Refining Group BV . Staff based at the asset will transfer to Vitol
* Simmons & Co International , energy specialists of Piper Jaffray , served as exclusive financial advisor to Koch Supply & Trading on deal Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
DUBLIN May 3 Bond sales linked to the resolution of Ireland 's banking crisis helped the country 's central bank to a record profit of 2.3 billion euros last year , 1.8 billion of which has been paid to the state to help cut the national debt .
The surplus income paid each year to the state has risen as a result of the government debt the central bank acquired during the financial crisis , related chiefly to the liquidation in 2013 of the collapsed Anglo Irish Bank .
The value of the bonds have risen in line with the higher prices attracted by Irish government debt . That has led to large capital gains over the last three years , when the bonds were sold more quickly than expected .
The central bank recorded a profit of 2.2 billion euros in 2015 , when it returned 1.8 billion euros to the state . Profits will revert to more modest levels over the medium term as the effect of the bond sales diminish , it said .
Ireland pledged to slowly feed the new bonds worth 25 billion euros into the market via the central bank as part of an agreement with the European Central Bank ( ECB ) to stretch out the liquidation costs and ease the state 's debt burden .
The central bank has until 2033 to sell the bonds . It had cut the holdings by book value to 19.6 billion euros at the end of 2016 .
The bonds ' market value stood at 30.3 billion euros , meaning there is currently an unrealised gain of 10.7 billion euros , the central bank said .
The ECB wants Ireland to offload the debt as quickly as possible and reiterated last month that a more ambitious sales schedule would further mitigate `` persisting serious monetary financing concerns '' .
It acknowledged that last year 's disposals were a step in that direction and the central bank has sold another 1 billion euros of the bonds this year .
Announcing the profit , central bank Governor Philip Lane said that while Ireland 's domestic economy continues to improve , external risks remain significant .
`` These include risks relating to the effects of Brexit , but also the risks associated with any increase in global protectionism and/or elevated levels of risk aversion in international financial markets , '' he said . ( Reporting by Padraic Halpin , editing by Larry King )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FRANKFURT , April 3 The European Central Bank sees no evidence that its aggressive simulus policy is hampering financial stability despite industry concerns about ultra-low yields on some bonds , ECB director Benoit Coeure said on Monday .
`` So far we see no evidence that the current constellation of interest rates bears risks for the smooth functioning of markets , nor to financial stability or the transmission of our policy , '' Coeure told an event in Paris . ( Reporting By Francesco Canepa ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
SEATTLE A new version of Boeing Co 's 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday , marking another step in Boeing 's revamp of its best-selling product line .
Boeing 's 737 MAX 9 , a fuel-efficient , long-range successor to the 737-900 , took off at 1:52 p.m . ET ( 1852 BST ) from Renton Municipal Airport in Renton , Washington , on a test flight to help prepare the new version for delivery to customers next year .
( Reporting by Alwyn Scott ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Cosmetics maker Estee Lauder Cos Inc reported quarterly revenue that beat analysts ' estimates on Friday , helped by strong demand for Too Faced and Becca products and customizable gift options during the holiday season .
Sales rose 16.7 percent to $ 3.74 billion , beating analysts ' estimate of $ 3.68 billion , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
However , net income fell to $ 123 million , or 33 cents per share , in the second quarter ended Dec. 31 , from $ 428 million , or $ 1.15 per share , a year earlier , as the company incurred a one-time tax charge of $ 394 million following the recently passed U.S. tax bill . ( Reporting by Karina Dsouza and Nivedita Balu in Bengaluru ; Editing by Martina D ‘ Couto )
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
MUNICH Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo may be on course for his worst domestic goal haul since 2010 but with two strikes against Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday he became the first player to score 100 goals in UEFA competitions .
Zinedine Zidane 's side drew with neighbours Atletico Madrid in La Liga on Saturday and looked likely to fall short again after being outplayed by Bayern in the first half before Ronaldo came to the rescue to seal a 2-1 win .
When Arturo Vidal headed the hosts into a 25th-minute lead , Bayern appeared on course for a 17th consecutive European home victory , but the game turned following Vidal 's missed penalty and Ronaldo equalised with a fine volley early in the second period .
Javi Martinez 's sending-off just after the hour mark handed Real the initiative , and the 32-year-old Ronaldo clinched Real 's victory when he beat Manuel Neuer after being picked out by Marco Asensio in the 77th minute .
While the Portugal forward has demonstrated an ability to win matches single-handedly throughout his career , his latest survival act came in an unfamiliar context having struggled to hit the lofty heights he sets himself in La Liga this season .
`` Cristiano was unhappy because he could n't score a third , that 's how ambitious he is , '' Zidane told reporters .
Despite an admirable 19 goals in 24 league appearances , Ronaldo looks unlikely to match the tallies he has managed in his last six seasons ( 40 , 46 , 34 , 31 , 48 , 35 ) . And he had previously gone 613 minutes of European football without finding the net - his longest drought for eight years .
Yet he delivered an outstanding second-half performance to reach 100 European goals , with 98 in the Champions League and two coming in Madrid 's 2-0 UEFA Super Cup victory over Sevilla in 2014 .
Of Ronaldo 's haul in Europe 's top competition , he has managed 82 for Real , with the other 16 coming for Manchester United , and his double took him four goals ahead of Lionel Messi ( 94 ) in the race to become the first player to score 100 Champions League goals .
Real still have to fend off a likely Bayern fightback on Tuesday , but they remain on course to become the first team to retain the Champions League .
At this rate , you would not bet against Ronaldo reaching his century in the competition before the end of this campaign .
( Reporting by Ed Dove , ediiting by Ed Osmond )
April 3 Ocean Bridge Co Ltd :
* Says all of its third series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on April 3
* Says it has raised 7 billion won in total
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/G6UNg4
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
COLOMBO , March 29 Exiled former Maldives leader Mohamed Nasheed called on Wednesday for commissions on an independent judiciary and free elections to be set up to help ensure a fair presidential vote next year in the Indian Ocean island nation .
The Maldives has suffered from political unrest since Nasheed , its first democratically elected leader , was ousted in disputed circumstances in 2012 .
He lost the 2013 election to President Abdulla Yameen by a narrow margin and was later convicted of terrorism and sentenced to 13 years in jail , but allowed to go abroad for medical treatment early last year and now lives in exile in London .
`` Selecting a candidate is not a concern , but ( endowing ) the system with independent judiciary and election commissions is the most important task before the election , '' Nasheed told Reuters in an interview with Reuters in Colombo .
`` We at least need some kind of proper system for free and fair elections . There is a view in the Maldives that any candidate can beat Yameen if we have a free and fair election . ''
Nasheed said he has been seeking international support to pressure Yameen to establish the independent commissions .
The next presidential vote is expected in the second half of 2018 , but Nasheed needs a presidential pardon to contest it as has been convicted of terrorism charges , which he denied .
The Maldives judiciary drew international criticism after a number of opposition leaders including Nasheed were sentenced for alleged terrorism offences . International rights groups have said the judicial process was flawed and politically motivated .
Nasheed spoke two days after the opposition coalition failed in a bid to impeach the parliament speaker and take control of the assembly .
Most of Yameen 's opponents who might challenge him in 2018 have been arrested for alleged security offences . The opposition alleges his administration is trying to cover up corruption including money laundering . The government denies this and says it does not influence law enforcement .
The largely Muslim island chain with a population of 400,000 has other problems marring its reputation as a tourist paradise . Significant numbers of radicalised Maldives youths have enlisted to fight for Islamic State militants in the Middle East . ( Reporting by Shihar Aneez ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
May 2 TVS Motor Co Ltd
* Says april total sales of 246,310 vehicles versus 227,096 vehicles last year
* Says april two-wheeler sales of 241,007 vehicles versus 222,350 vehicles last year
* Says april three-wheeler sales of 5303 vehicles versus 4,746 vehicles last year
* Says april export sales of 40221 vehicles versus 28,354 vehicles last year
* Says april scooter sales of 81443 vehicles versus 63341 vehicles last year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
A Temasek logo is seen at the annual Temasek Review in Singapore July 7 , 2016 . REUTERS/Edgar Su
SHANGHAI Jack Ma 's private equity firm Yunfeng Capital and Singapore 's Temasek have led a $ 75 million fund-raising round into genomics company WuXi NextCODE , the firm said in a statement on Tuesday , underlining a race for medical data in China .
WuXi NextCODE , a contract genomics organization with offices in Shanghai , Iceland and the United States , said it would use the funds to commercialize its products for China , and boost its capabilities in artificial intelligence and deep learning .
Chinese firms are increasingly looking to boost capabilities in genomics amid a drive into higher-tech medicines , where understanding and mapping DNA-related data can help develop targeted medicines and treatments .
`` We are building the world 's leading genomics data platform , applying genome sequencing data at a scale to improve human health and wellness around the world , '' Hannes Smarason , WuXi NextCODE 's chief executive , said in the statement .
He added their data would support a drive to develop precision medicines , which China plans to focus on in its latest five-year plan , as well as genome-driven diagnostics .
The series B financing round also included Amgen Inc 's ( AMGN.O ) venture capital fund Amgen Ventures and private equity firm 3W Partners , WuXi NextCODE said .
( Reporting by Adam Jourdan ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick Three-Evening ' game
SPRINGFIELD , Ill. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the `` Pick Three-Evening '' game were :
4-2-6 , Fireball : 9
( four , two , six ; Fireball : nine )
April 6Softmatic AG :
* Said on Wednesday had been informed by its main shareholder LIVIA Corporate Development SE ( `` LIVIA '' ) that the shareholders of AlzChem AG intend to merge AlzChem AG to Softmatic AG against the granting of new shares in Softmatic AG
* Final decision on the contribution of AlzChem AG to Softmatic AG by way of a merger with a capital increase will be up to Annual General Meeting of Softmatic AG and the shareholders of AlzChem AG
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK , June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet .
SHANGHAI , April 13 China 's central bank resumed injections into the money market on Thursday after a near three-week absence , in an apparent bid to ease fears of a cash crunch in the financial system following massive drains from maturing debt instruments .
The market has also been on edge after a flurry of moves by regulators to curb riskier lending activity , including a crackdown by the banking watchdog this week on misdemeanors with a focus on shadow banking .
Some investors are predicting a sell-off in low-grade corporate bonds by lenders rushing to avoid penalties , which would further strain the financial system and rattle investors .
After skipping open market operations for 13 consecutive sessions -- saying liquidity was relatively high -- the People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) injected 110 billion yuan ( $ 15.98 billion ) into the interbank market via reverse bond repurchase agreements on Thursday .
It added another 83.9 trillion yuan through its pledged supplementary lending facility ( PSL ) .
`` This reflects the central bank 's intention to ease worries of a liquidity shortage , '' said Wang Jingjie , a bond analyst at GF Futures .
Wang said 217 billion yuan worth of Medium-term Lending Facility ( MLF ) loans matured on Thursday , draining cash from the market .
In recent months , the PBOC has shifted to a focus on liquidity management to guide short-term interest rates and squeeze financial institutions and speculators which it believes to be too highly leveraged .
Underscoring the potential liquidity swings from maturing debt instruments , China has about 4 trillion yuan worth of outstanding MLFs , which are PBOC loans with a maturity period of up to 12 months .
The PBOC last month completed its most rigorous quarterly inspection of the nation 's banks to date to get a better idea of the problems it is facing .
For the first time since it was launched last year , the Macro Prudential Assessment , or MPA , included off-balance sheet wealth management products to give authorities a better sense of potential risks to the financial system .
The China Banking Regulatory Commission ( CBRC ) this week told lenders to conduct checks on improper trading , incentives and innovative financing methods .
Analysts say this could force banks to shrink their off-balance sheet investment activities , potentially hurting the bond market , a key destination for such investments .
`` Depending on how strictly the clean-up is executed ... it is possible to see a sell-off in corporate bonds , especially those with low ratings , '' said Zhou Li , president at bond-focused asset manager Rationalstone Investment .
He suspected that a sudden slump on Thursday in the shares of Ping An Insurance Group Co and Industrial Bank Co Ltd could be related to checks on shadow banking , and said the same could happen in the bond market as well .
The shares ' slide was believed to have been triggered by massive selling via a brokerage 's asset management account .
But Zhou retains some optimism toward China 's treasury bonds .
`` China 's economic fundamentals does n't seem very solid . That 's good news for treasuries . '' ( $ 1 = 6.8818 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead , including gunman , in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in .
A boozer admitted being over the limit when he was stopped by police on a Mansfield street even though his car was parked ten minutes ' walk away , a court heard .
Police suspected Richard Coope of being over the limit , after an incident on Woodhouse Avenue , on July 28 , and asked him how he arrived in the area , and he told them he had driven to Mansfield in his partner 's mini Cooper .
A breath test revealed he had 66 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath , when the legal limit is 35 microgrammes .
Coope , 51 , of Chestnut Grove , Nottingham , admitted driving with excess alcohol when he appeared before magistrates in Mansfield , on Monday .
The court heard he had previous convictions , including a drink driving conviction , from 2001 , and in 2002 he appeared for driving without insurance and while disqualified .
Emma Cornell , mitigating , said : “ Mr Coope was fully cooperative . He tells me that this reading was from drinking the night before . ”
She said he was on benefits because of long term health problems and he had “ intermittent issues with alcohol ” in the past .
He was banned from driving for three years , but he was offered a drink drive rehabilitation course , which will reduce his disqualification by 274 days , if completed before September 2019 .
He was fined £120 and he was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge .
São Paulo May 2 Auto sales in Brazil fell in April , an industry group said on Tuesday , reflecting the burden of the country 's worst recession on record , high borrowing costs and declining demand for durable goods in Latin America 's largest economy .
Licensing of new cars , light commercial vehicles , buses and trucks fell 3.6 percent in April over the same month a year earlier and 17 percent over March , according to Fenabrave , an industry group formed by car retailers .
The number of new vehicles licensed totaled 156,933 units in April , down from 183,832 in March , Fenabrave said . New car licenses fell 2.4 percent in the first four months of this year , Fenabrave said . ( Reporting by Alberto Alerigi Jr ; Writing by Tatiana Bautzer and Guillermo Parra-Bernal ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 30 Hubwoo SA :
* FY revenue 20.6 million euros ( $ 22.04 million ) versus 24.5 million euros year ago
* FY EBITDA 4.7 million euros versus 2.2 million euros year ago
* 2016 net income is positive , at 1.2 million euros , compared to -4.9 million euros ( before goodwill impairment ) in 2015
* 2016 year-end cash position was 4.1 million euros , to be compared to 5.8 million euros at end of 2015 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9345 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
A logo is seen in front of the entrance at the headquarters French drugmaker Sanofi in Paris October 30 , 2014 . REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo
FRANKFURT/LONDON French drugmaker Sanofi ( SASY.PA ) has hired advisers for the sale of its European generic drug business , several sources familiar with matter told Reuters , ahead of an auction process which is expected to start after the European summer .
Rothschild [ ROT.UL ] , JP Morgan ( JPM.N ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS.N ) have been asked to organize the long-awaited deal which could be worth more than 2 billion euros ( $ 2.2 billion ) , the sources said .
Bankers have been vying for a mandate for the past 18 months since Sanofi boss Olivier Brandicourt took charge of the French firm and decided to put the business under review .
A spokesman for Sanofi declined to comment . Rothschild , JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley also declined to comment .
France 's largest drugmaker , which recently worked with Lazard to finalize a $ 20 billion asset swap deal with German firm Boehringer for Sanofi 's Merial animal health arm , said in January it was expecting to complete the sale of the European generics business by the end of 2018 .
The company started to disentangle the European generics business from its global operations toward the end of last year , after announcing its plans to sell the unit in October .
( Reporting by Arno Schuetze , Carl O'Donnell , Pamela Barbaglia ; Editing by Christoph Steitz )
An employee works on an assembly line producing automobiles at a factory in Qingdao , Shandong Province , China , March 1 , 2016 . REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
BEIJING Growth in China 's manufacturing sector slowed faster than expected in April , an official survey showed on Sunday , as producer price inflation cooled and policymakers ' efforts to reduce financial risks in the economy weighed on demand .
The National Bureau of Statistics ' official Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) fell to a six-month low of 51.2 in April from March 's near five-year high of 51.8 .
Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted a reading of 51.6 , the ninth straight month above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis .
Demand weakened across the board with the biggest decline in the input price sub-index , which fell to 51.8 , its slowest expansion since June last year , from 59.3 in March .
Zhou Hao , an economist at Commerzbank in Singapore , said recent sharp declines in iron ore and onshore steel prices point to some of the pressures the country 's manufacturers are facing .
`` We believe that this on one hand reflects that there is little improvement in underlying demand , '' Zhou wrote in a note .
`` On the other hand , the de-leveraging effort by the Chinese authorities , has started to work . ''
Chinese steel and iron ore futures tumbled to multi-month lows earlier this month as market sentiment turned bearish on demand outlook and worries mounted about a glut of steel later this year .
The employment sub-index slipped to 49.2 from 50.0 in March while the raw materials inventories sub-index was unchanged at 48.3 .
Growth in China 's services sector slowed slightly to 54.0 in April , compared with the previous month 's reading of 55.1 , which was the highest since May 2014 .
China 's economy grew a faster-than-expected 6.9 percent in the first quarter , boosted by higher government infrastructure spending and the nation 's gravity-defying property boom .
But growth is expected to slow as authorities step up a battle to cool the property sector and as the central bank and banking regulator take steps to contain financial risks .
The People 's Bank of China is expected to guide short-term interest rates higher , and step up its oversight of the financial sector , amid a crackdown on banks ' shadow banking businesses .
Chinese leaders have pledged to shift the emphasis to addressing financial risks and asset bubbles , which analysts say pose a threat to the world 's second-largest economy if not managed properly .
President Xi Jinping last week called for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security , the official Xinhua news agency reported .
Some analysts believe China 's economic growth may have peaked in the first quarter but that it 's on track to hit a target of around 6.5 percent this year .
China 's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled , while property sales growth slowed in the first quarter despite robust property investment .
The private sector Caixin/Markit PMI manufacturing survey , which focuses more on small and mid-sized firms , will be published on May 2 . The Caixin/Markit PMI is expected to come in at 51.0 for April , according to a Reuters poll of economists , down from 51.2 in March .
( Reporting by Kevin Yao and Sue-Lin Wong ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday , June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 13 DEAG Deutsche Entertainment AG :
* Continued high sales level with further improvement in earnings expected for 2017
* Sales of 204.9 million euros ( $ 217.73 million ) in 2016 prior to consolidation and was thus roughly on previous year 's level
* EBIT in 2016 amounted to 0.5 million euros ( previous year : -26.2 million euros )
* For 2017 , executive board expects EBIT in medium to upper single-digit million euro range Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9411 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
NEW YORK ( AP ) — If you 've made changes to how you use social media since Facebook 's Cambridge Analytica privacy debacle , you 're not alone .
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 7 out of 10 of online adults who 've heard of the scandal — revelations that a data mining firm may have accessed the private information of some 87 million Facebook users to influence elections — have unfollowed accounts , deleted their profiles or made other changes in how they use social media .
And since 9 in 10 Americans have heard at least a little bit about Cambridge Analytica , this means the scandal has led to widespread changes in the use of social media among Americans . What 's less clear is whether these changes are permanent , and whether they will affect business at Facebook , Twitter and other social media companies .
Facebook has said that it has n't noticed a meaningful decline in usage since the scandal broke and it does n't seem to have experienced much of an advertiser exodus , either . But that does n't mean the social media giant is in the clear . Some high-profile tech luminaries such as Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak have disavowed Facebook , and a `` DeleteFacebook '' online campaign — even if it did n't lead to mass defections — has bruised the company 's already-battered image .
Advertisement
Cole Bearden , 26 , a musician and liquor store employee in Nashville , said he soured on Facebook a while ago , after his parents friended him and turned his app into `` a perpetual recipe video-sharing machine . '' That , along with his concerns about surveillance and advertisements , convinced him to drop the app from his phone a year ago . He said in an interview last month that he checks his profile only occasionally .
Still , Bearden says deleting his profile wo n't mean a lot unless many other Facebook users do the same . And even that , he says , may come too late .
`` The real damage has been done . Our concept of open democracy has been undermined , subverted and potentially irreparably damaged , '' he said .
Some people , though , were cautious long before Cambridge Analytica . Jessica Garcia , who lives in Homewood , Illinois , said she was already `` pretty strict '' with all her settings and she uses social media ( Facebook , mostly ) only minimally . She does n't post much and stays out of politics .
Asked who bears the responsibility to protect people 's online privacy , the poll found that vast majorities of Americans think both social media companies ( 84 percent ) and individual users ( 72 percent ) have a large share . Just short of half — 46 percent — see that as a large responsibility of the federal government .
Garcia agrees with the majority and said it 's a combination of individual and company responsibility .
`` I do n't feel like the government needs to step in and start controlling that , '' she said . `` If we ca n't make good decisions and people and they do n't make good decisions as companies , it 'll fall apart on its own . ''
Americans who have taken some action after hearing about Facebook 's recent privacy crisis include 29 percent who have deleted certain social media accounts — the most drastic step . A larger number , 38 percent , uninstalled apps on their phone , while 42 percent said they used certain platforms less often . Nearly half , 47 percent , unfollowed or unfriended certain people , and 41 percent unfollowed groups or organizations .
Forty-five percent reviewed or changed their privacy settings — something Facebook encouraged recently by sending a notice to users through their Facebook pages . First , it notified the 87 million people whose information may have been leaked to Cambridge Analytica . This week , it began sending all 2.2 billion Facebook users a more generic notice to review their settings that show what apps have access to their data .
According to the poll , women were more likely than men to have made at least one change , and younger people were more likely to say they have reviewed their privacy settings or uninstalled apps from their phones . Older Americans were more likely to say they have followed news of the scandal .
The Cambridge Analytica fiasco was not Facebook 's first privacy scandal , though it may have been its worst . The poll also found that Americans have broader concerns about how their data is used by companies like Facebook , Twitter and Google . Sixty percent said they were very or extremely concerned that such companies may not keep their personal information secure , and more than half said they were concerned that the companies might track their data even after they have tried to delete it .
African Americans were more likely to express concern about privacy than whites . For example , 72 percent of blacks and 57 percent of whites are worried about companies securing their personal information , while 62 percent of blacks and 44 percent of whites are concerned about companies tracking their location .
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC 's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel , which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population . The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4 percentage points
___
AP Polling Editor Emily Swanson in Washington and AP Business Writer Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this story .
___
Online :
AP-NORC Center : http : //www.apnorc.org/
A can of Crown paint , produced by Akzo Nobel , is held up for the camera beside Dulux paint tins , produced by ICI , at a decorators trade store in London , August 13 , 2007 . REUTERS/Toby Melville
NEW YORK ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Antony Burgmans seems to have a different view of hostile takeovers now that he is defending against one . As supervisory chairman of Akzo Nobel , one of the jewels in the Netherlands ' industrial crown , Burgmans is trying to stonewall an unsolicited $ 24 billion bid from PPG Industries , not to mention calls for his head . Akzo has refused to even discuss the offer , which its U.S. rival already has increased once .
It was n't long ago that the clog was on the other foot . Back in 2000 , the Dutch executive was co-chairman of Unilever when it was gunning for a reluctant target , Bestfoods . The American maker of Hellman 's mayonnaise and Skippy peanut butter rejected meeting with the Anglo-Dutch consumer-goods giant , which had put forward an $ 18.4 billion bid in cash . Burgmans , at the time , called it `` serious money . '' He was puzzled and amazed by his quarry 's recalcitrance .
This is just one of many ironies dripping from the escalating paint skirmish , which has devolved into an international , and increasingly nasty , war of words and investor presentations . If M & A history is any guide , there 's a better chance than not of a deal getting done , but the probability diminishes as the acrimony rises . What 's certain is that both sides , in Amsterdam and Pittsburgh , have engaged in the sort of hypocritical rhetoric more suited to politics than business .
Consider the local protections cloaking Akzo that PPG is encountering . Founded in 1883 as Pittsburgh Plate Glass , the company now led by Michael McGarry actually enjoys a similar bit of cover . As a Dutch enterprise , Akzo is required by statute to consider all stakeholders , not just its shareholders . That means the perspectives of local governments , communities in which it operates , employees and unions are taken on board .
In the United States , a public company is typically run for stockowners first and foremost . There are variations on the theme , however , depending on where an enterprise is incorporated . For instance , PPG 's home state of Pennsylvania created safeguards in 1990 – toward the end of the corporate raider era – against unwanted takeovers , including a `` stakeholder provision '' not unlike the one Akzo must consider .
Back when the law was passed , a number of Keystone State companies were allowed to opt out of the provisions , mainly because their shareholders opposed them . Among those that did were Westinghouse , which is now owned by troubled Toshiba of Japan , and H.J . Heinz , which was acquired by 3G , the Brazilian buyout experts , and eventually merged with rival Kraft . There 's not much case law on the Pennsylvania rules , and it 's not strictly relevant to PPG 's role as an aggressor , but it has been invoked in a handful of corporate sagas over the years .
There are other insincere twists . One of the most obvious is that Akzo 's response to the PPG deal has been to do exactly what PPG itself did a few years ago : break itself up . On Wednesday , Akzo Chief Executive Ton Buechner detailed plans to separate the specialty-chemicals operations that account for about a third of sales and profit , from the core business , which produces Dulux paints . Four years ago , PPG did the same when it carved out its chlor-alkali and derivatives business and merged it with a subsidiary of Georgia Gulf to create a new firm , Axiall .
That company was acquired last year by Westlake Chemical after a takeover contest that included – not unlike the Akzo situation – an initial offer that was judged too low , and a sweetened bid that also was rejected . That makes it more than a little curious that PPG would propose to buy a company with the same inefficient structure it abandoned just a few years ago . Further enriching the case , it 's notable that PPG was advised back then by Lazard , the New York investment-banking firm now working on Akzo 's defense .
It 's not uncommon for a company , like an elected official , to say one thing in one situation and do the opposite when the tables are turned . In the PPG-Akzo case , however , there are just so many examples . One of the more telling instances relates to one of the primary planks of Akzo 's defense , which PPG can understand all too well .
Rewind again to 2000-era Burgmans . When Bestfoods was spurning Unilever , he argued that Unilever 's recent purchase of Ben & Jerry 's , the Vermont ice-cream maker run with a social conscience , showed `` we have respect for the company with whom we are negotiating , respect for the brands and respect for the work they have done . ''
In an open letter addressed to Akzo 's `` stakeholders '' earlier this week , McGarry pointed out that PPG made 18 `` specific and measurable commitments '' to the Canadian government when it bought a North American coatings business five years ago . He added that his company had met or exceeded those pledges , and would do the same in an Akzo deal .
If it 's not ironic enough that McGarry ripped a page right out of Burgmans ' personal playbook , the assets PPG was acquiring at the time were sold to it by , whom else , Akzo Nobel . In this ugly paint fight , it 's hard to find anyone 's true colors .
LOS ANGELES — Relievers Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling are on the Los Angeles Dodgers ' roster for their NL Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks .
Outfielder Joc Pederson and utility player Tim Locastro did n't make the lineup announced by Los Angeles manager Dave Roberts on Friday before Game 1 at Dodger Stadium .
Arizona made two changes to its roster from the wild-card game against Colorado , adding Game 1 starter Taijuan Walker and Pacific Coast League MVP Christian Walker while dropping outfielder Rey Fuentes and catcher Chris Herrmann .
Baez made a team-leading 66 relief appearances this season , but was a target of derision for Dodgers fans while posting a 2.95 ERA . After two dismal appearances in early September , he did n't allow a run while striking out seven over four scoreless appearances to end the regular season .
Roberts has been a firm supporter of Baez , who has pitched for the Dodgers since 2014 . The 29-year-old Dominican right-hander has a career 6.52 ERA in 11 post-season appearances .
`` I 'm definitely confident that he has worked out his issues , '' Roberts said this week .
Stripling was busy all year for the Dodgers , working 74 1-3 innings in a season that included two starts . But he also hits the post-season with questions after posting a 6.08 ERA in his final 13 appearances .
The Dodgers kept 12 pitchers , including eight relievers , at the expense of the speedy Locastro , who could have been a pinch-running specialist . Los Angeles also kept Kyle Farmer as a third catcher behind Yasmani Grandal and Austin Barnes .
Pederson , the Dodgers ' slugging outfielder , also was left off the roster after batting .071 with no homers after July . Roberts instead went with Farmer , who played in only 20 games for Los Angeles this season .
Taijuan Walker will make his post-season debut in Game 1 for Arizona against Clayton Kershaw , stepping up after Arizona was forced to use presumptive Game 1 starter Robbie Ray in relief against Colorado .
The former Vice President and PDP presidential hopeful , Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has again reiterated that the 2019 presidential election is not about him as a person but for the survival of Nigeria .
Speaking at a symposium and inauguration of The Atiku Mandate Group ( TAM-G ) in Lagos , the former Vice President , who was represented by the National President and Chairman of All Atiku Support Groups , ( ASG ) , Hon . Oladimeji Fabiyi said Atiku 's decision to vie for the presidency of Nigeria was born out of genuine desire to serve the people of Nigeria and to help bring the country back to the path of economic growth for the greater good of all Nigerians
Hon . Fabiyi further revealed that ATIKU campaign mantra will focus on the acronym ( J.O.B.S ) ; which literally translates to creating jobs for the teeming majority of jobless Nigerian youths ; creating opportunities and the enabling environment for Nigerians to excel in their individual endeavours ; reconciling and uniting Nigerians and creating a sense of belonging among all the ethnic groups in the country ; and providing adequate and enduring security for lives and property of all Nigerians at all levels
Hon . Fabiyi emphasised that the thrust of this campaign mantra was to ensure that the country is fully revived and brought back from the economic woes that Nigerians are currently passing through today .
He said Atiku has great wealth of experience which cut across politics , business and international diplomacy , adding that with Atiku 's presidency , Nigeria will regain its pride of place at the comity of nations which will foster greater inflow of foreign investment into the country and consequently boost the economy
Hon . Fabiyi , at the occasion also delivered a special message on behalf of the former vice president to the Nigerian youths whom he said have a special pride of place in the heart of his principal .
He said the Nigeria youths will gain immensely from Atiku Abubakar 's presidency if voted into power , stressing that most of Atiku 's businesses are managed by Nigerian youths ; and same will be replicated in Atiku 's government with over forty per cent slot already penciled down for the youths . He said Atiku has so much confidence in the Nigeria youths and they will be given a greater role in his government if voted into power
The Atiku Support Group Chairman also advised the Nigerian women to key into the Atiku 's presidency project . He described the Nigerian women as nation builders who must be recognized and given their rightful place in the country .
He said , the Waziri Adamawa on his personal capacity has already started encouraging women economically through Micro-Finance soft loans to boost their businesses in Adamawa state which will be reciprocated across the country gradually and in phases .
He therefore urged all the youths and women including all eligible Nigerian voters to register to vote by obtaining their Voters ' Permanent Card ( PVC ) for the forthcoming elections , adding that is the only way they can effect the change the entire Nigerians are clamouring for
The Director-General of TAM-G , Hon . Frank Adogbeji and the Lagos state Director Hon . Princess Adeniji Bunmi both expressed gratitude to the former vice president through his representative for his stimulating message and support for the group and promised that the group will work tirelessly to ensure that Atiku 's presidency becomes a reality come 2019
The event which attracted a large crowd of supporters for Atiku 's presidential bid project , had 13 executive members inaugurated including 35 LCDs/LGAs coordinators for Lagos state to campaign massively for Atiku come 2019
* Q1 operating profit up 11 pct at 3.5 bln SEK
* Sales of 47.6 bln , up from 42.0 bln
* U.S. sales down 18 pct ( Adds detail , background )
STOCKHOLM , April 28 Geely-owned automaker Volvo Car Group reported a rise in first quarter operating profit on Friday as strong demand for its XC60 and 90 series cars gave it a boost , and stuck to a forecast of higher sales this year .
Volvo , bought by China 's Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co. from Ford Motor Co. in 2010 , said earnings rose to 3.5 billion Swedish crowns ( $ 396 million ) from 3.1 billion in the year-ago quarter .
Gothenburg-based Volvo 's sales rose to 47.6 billion crowns from 42.0 billion a year ago while its operating margin inched down to 7.3 percent from 7.5 percent .
Volvo said launch costs for the new 90 series cars and the new XC60 , as well as investments in new technologies and hiring new staff , had weighed on profitability .
It has invested in new models and plants to secure a niche in the premium auto market dominated by Daimler 's Mercedes-Benz and BMW .
Volvo said it had sold 129,148 cars in the quarter globally , an increase of 7 percent , with sales in China up 19 percent and a rise in the EMEA region of 9 percent .
In the United States , Volvo 's sales fell 18 percent , affected by a move to centrally distribute its 90 series cars to all markets .
`` While low financing rates and a solid economy continue to support sales , rising interest rates and falling used-vehicle prices threaten further U.S. auto market growth in 2017 after the record auto sales high in 2016 , '' Volvo said in the report .
Last year Volvo took steps toward an eventual listing , raising 5 billion crowns from Swedish institutional investors through the sale of newly issued preference shares .
It reported record high sales of 534,332 cars in 2016 . One of Sweden 's largest companies by sales and number of employees , Volvo has set an annual sales goal of 800,000 cars in the medium term .
( $ 1 = 8.8374 Swedish crowns ) ( Reporting by Helena Soderpalm and Johannes Hellstrom ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
HOUSTON - A viral video marked the end of a PetSmart associate 's career in the grooming center at the store in west Houston .
VIDEO : PetSmart groomer gets rough with dog
The video shows a woman grooming a dog in a rough manner at the PetSmart at 19945 Katy Freeway .
Many comments voice concern over the dog 's treatment .
PetSmart released the following statement on the incident :
`` This treatment is completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated . The associate is no longer with PetSmart . ''
Here is the text that accompanied Brooke Vowers ' Facebook video :
`` Just took my dog to get groomed and as I 'm walking out this lady comes up to me and said she 's been waiting for an hour to see who 's dog this was because of how mean the groomer was to her and that she called corporate . She sent me this video i am sick to my stomach about it and will not be going back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! hope CHARLOTTE BARNES enjoys the video of her wonderful service PLEASE SHARE ''
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season .
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey , by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi .
Some players , including Inbee Park , Karrie Webb and No . 3-ranked Lexi Thompson , got a full 18 holes on Monday .
Thompson said some parts of fairways were `` a little muddy and a little patchy . '' After that experience , she was hoping to play under lift , clean and place rules .
`` I think it will be a little unfair if they do n't , but you never know , '' she said . `` I mean if they do n't , everybody has to play it down and it is what it is , but it 's their choice . The rain has not helped that situation , so I guess come Thursday we 'll see , though . ''
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women 's Open . Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S . Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S . Junior .
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990 , when the club drew criticism for not having black members . That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that did n't allow minority members .
The Regions Tradition , a PGA Tour Champions major , was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015 .
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions .
Webb , who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001 , is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women 's Open . She got a special exemption from the USGA .
`` It 'll be the softest U.S. Open course I 've played , '' Webb said .
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park . But distance , of course , is n't the only important factor .
`` I think it could set up for anyone that 's just hitting lots of fairways and greens , '' Webb said .
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds . Two-time U.S. Women 's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in , barring an earlier slot opening .
A friend , PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax , gave her a rundown of the course over the phone .
Otherwise , Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie `` Solo , '' then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday , enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek .
`` I feel more prepared than ever , '' Kang said . `` That 's why I think I 'm so kind of relaxed about it . ''
By John Zenor , The Associated Press
April 28 Alibaba Pictures Group Ltd :
* Orbgen Technologies entered into renewed insertion order with Ucweb Mobile for a term commencing from May 1 , 2017 to april 30 , 2018
* Pursuant to insertion orders , Ucweb Mobile to provide uc service platforms for promotion of Orbgen Technologies ' products in India Source text : ( bit.ly/2ptjOAb ) Further company coverage :
A hat-trick from Tom Johnstone helped Wakefield Trinity to a 28-6 victory at Hull KR in their first outing of the Betfred Super League season .
Johnstone crossed twice in the first half to complement touchdowns from Bill Tupou and Liam Finn as Trinity eased into an 18-0 lead at the break .
Chris Clarkson bagged Rovers ' only try of the game on the resumption but Johnstone completed his hat-trick before Ryan Hampshire wrapped-up the victory with a try on his Wakefield debut .
BRIEF-Athenex Inc shares open at $ 12‍ vs IPO price of $ 11/share​
* Athenex Inc shares open at $ 12.00‍ in debut on The NASDAQ versus IPO price of $ 11.00 per share​
March 29 Usen Corp
* Says it will take out a loan of 14.74 billion yen from U-NEXT SPC on March 31
* Maturity date on March 31,2024
* Says it will use the proceeds to repay loans
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/iiKY6M
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
× New law gives workers ‘ right to disconnect ' from office email
French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours .
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the “ right to disconnect ” from email , smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended .
“ These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and … balance between work and family and personal life , ” the Ministry of Labor said in a statement .
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff . Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office .
If management and staff can not agree on new rules , the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off .
French unions have long pushed for a “ disconnect ” rule , saying digital technologies have created an “ explosion of undeclared labor ” that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week .
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours . Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight .
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France 's labor laws .
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay . The changes resulted in crippling strikes .
The country 's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000 , but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions .
France 's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations .
The International Monetary Fund expects France 's economy will grow by 1.3 % this year , on a par with 2016 .
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
PRINCE GEORGE COUNTY , Va. — A driver is facing charges after a Virginia Department of Transportation ( VDOT ) contractor was struck and killed while setting up a work zone on I-95 in Prince George County Saturday morning .
Virginia State Police Sgt . Keeli L. Hill said the crash happened at 11:15 a.m. on southbound I-95 nearly three miles north of Route 602 .
Hill said 27-year-old Samantha C. Hughes , of Wilmington , North Carolina , was traveling southbound when she looked down and took her eyes off the road .
That is when 25-year-old Dustin Michael Warden , of Carson , Virginia , was struck while he was out of his vehicle setting up a shoulder closure .
“ Despite rescue efforts , Warden succumbed to his injuries at the scene , ” Hill said .
Hughes , who was not injured , was charged with reckless driving .
“ Our VDOT family is deeply saddened by the loss of a contract worker this morning on Interstate 95 in Prince George , ” VDOT officials posted on Facebook . “ Our VDOT family is deeply saddened by the loss of a contract worker this morning on Interstate 95 in Prince George . Please keep this worker 's family , friends and colleagues in your thoughts during this difficult time . Safety is VDOT 's number one priority . ”
The crash remains under investigation with the assistance of the Virginia State Police Crash Reconstruction team .
This is a developing story , so anyone with more information can submit a news tip here .
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
Soccer-Abraham to decide Chelsea future after U-21 Euro
June 14 Striker Tammy Abraham will decide on his future at Premier League champions Chelsea after England 's campaign in the under-21 European Championships in Poland later this month , the 19-year-old has said .
`` USC is a lot of people 's Super Bowl , especially a team like Oregon State , so we just got to stick to what we do , '' USC safety Chris Hawkins said .
Here are some things to watch as the Trojans and Beavers meet for the first time since 2014 :
DARNOLD 'S DOLDRUMS : Darnold threw for 164 yards against Washington State , his lowest total as a starter . Some of that can be attributed to an offensive line playing most of the game without three starters and facing a strong Washington State pass rush . Plus there 's been turnover at wide receiver . Darnold will have reinforcements in both areas as left tackle Toa Lobendahn and wide receiver Steven Mitchell Jr. will return to the lineup this week . Lobendahn did n't play at Washington State due to a skin infection that required intravenous antibiotics . Mitchell has missed the last two games with a groin injury .
LA COLISEUM : Oregon State has n't beaten USC in Los Angeles since 1960 and has lost 23 straight games at the Coliseum . Only five of those games have been decided by one possession , while USC has been ranked in the Top 25 in all but six of those meetings .
TYNER TIME : With Nall 's status in doubt , senior running back Thomas Tyner could be in line for his most significant workload since playing for in-state rival Oregon against Ohio State in the 2015 national championship game . Tyner medically retired from the Ducks after shoulder surgery sidelined him for the 2015 season before transferring to Oregon State in May . A former five-star recruit , Tyner has rushed for 72 yards and one touchdown on 15 carries in three games this season . During two seasons at Oregon , Tyner rushed for 1,284 yards and 14 touchdowns , including 124 yards and two touchdowns in the 2015 Rose Bowl win over Florida State .
MISCUES : Oregon State has turned the ball over 14 times this season , the second-worst total in the FBS ahead of only San Jose State . Even worse , opponents have turned those four interceptions and 10 fumbles lost into 79 points ( 10 touchdowns , three field goals ) . The only time Oregon State has n't allowed a score after turning the ball over came last week against the Huskies , when safety David Morris intercepted a pass to get the ball back after running back Artavis Pierce fumbled .
___
More AP college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Dan Greenspan , The Associated Press
WASHINGTON , April 12 President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that the dollar was `` getting too strong '' and would eventually hurt the U.S. economy , even as he said he would like to see interest rates stay low , the Wall Street Journal reported .
In an interview , Trump also said he would not label China a currency manipulator in a U.S. Treasury report due later this week , the Journal said . He also said he respected Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , saying she was `` not toast '' when her current term ends in 2018 .
`` I think our dollar is getting too strong , and partially that 's my fault because people have confidence in me . But that 's hurting - that will hurt ultimately , '' he said . ( Reporting by Timothy Ahmann ; Editing by Eric Beech )
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
WATFORD , Ont . — Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath had an unexpected campaign stop during her swing through southwestern Ontario on Wednesday — a campaign bus breakdown .
Horwath 's bus , dubbed the `` Proletariat Chariot '' by media riding on it for the campaign , experienced mechanical problems on Highway 402 near Watford , Ont .
The bus pulled over safely after a burning smell started to enter the cabin .
A faulty fanbelt was believed to be the problem .
BUCHAREST ( Reuters ) - Thousands of Romanians rallied in the capital Bucharest and other cities on Sunday , protesting against plans by the ruling Social Democrats ( PSD ) to overhaul the country 's judicial system which is seen as undermining efforts to combat corruption .
The PSD-led coalition , which holds a strong majority in parliament , is debating proposed new legislation which the European Commission and thousands of magistrates have said would put the judicial system under political control .
Sunday 's protests mark three weeks since a special parliamentary commission began debates on the bill , which the ruling party aims to approve by the end of this year .
The commission is headed by PSD veteran , former justice minister Florin Iordache who had to quit in February after a decree on corruption that he drafted , triggered the biggest rallies since the 1989 anti-communist Romanian revolution .
“ Thieves and mobsters ' nest , ” , “ United we save Romania , ” shouted thousands of protesters braving gusting winds , in front of the government 's headquarters .
About 10,000 are estimated to have rallied in Bucharest and overall , 20,000 across the country overall .
Bucharest 's Victory Square witnessed large street protests at the start of the year following attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to decriminalize some graft offences and has been a gathering place for largely peaceful protests ever since .
Contested elements of the bill include changes to a judicial inspection unit which oversees the conduct of magistrates , the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed and giving the president the right to vet prosecutor candidates .
Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union 's most corrupt states and Brussels keeps Romania 's justice system under special monitoring .
In a Nov. 15 report the European Commission said reform of the justice system has halted this year and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern .
A portrait of actor Johnny Depp made of tobacco , by artist Abdelrahman al-Habrouk , burns in Alexanria , Egypt August 10 , 2017 .
ALEXANDRIA , Egypt ( Reuters ) - In a small studio littered with empty cigarette packets in Egypt 's second city , Alexandria , Abdelrahman al-Habrouk sits hunched over a sheet of paper making portraits with tobacco .
The cigarettes fuel his art ; he breaks them in half , painstakingly traces out monochrome images of celebrities or animals with the fine flakes of tobacco , then sprinkles his creations with gunpowder and sets them on fire .
Slideshow ( 8 Images )
The resulting scorch-marks on the white paper form the portrait .
Habrouk , now 23 , started using unusual materials to make images a couple of years ago , experimenting with coffee , salt and sand before settling on the tobacco technique because it is more durable .
`` The idea is that I 'm trying to make the art live longer , '' he told Reuters .
`` I wanted to make something good out of something that is considered harmful , '' he added .
April 5 Aveo Pharmaceuticals Inc :
* Aveo pharmaceuticals - `` cash on hand would fund planned operations into 2Q 2018 ; beyond tivo-3 readout which is expected 1Q 2018 '' - sec filing Source text - bit.ly/2nDqBTe Further company coverage :
DUESSELDORF , Germany , April 12 A man of Islamist background has been detained by German investigators probing blasts against a bus carrying players of Borussia Dortmund soccer club , the federal public prosecutor 's office said on Wednesday .
It said investigators had searched the apartments of two suspects from Germany 's Islamist scene and decided to detain one of them .
It did not say where the suspect was detained but added that a decision would be made on whether to seek a judicial arrest warrant against him .
The prosecutor said metal strips had been used in the explosive devices activated in the attack , which injured one player and is being treated as having a `` terrorist background '' .
`` The precise motive for the attack is unclear at present , '' the prosecutor 's office said in a statement .
( Reporting by Matthias Inverardi ; Writing by Joseph Nasr ; Editing by Paul Carrel )
OTTAWA — The federal government missed a crucial opportunity to protect Canadians from harmful chemicals that could interfere with fertility and behaviour , an environmental organization says .
After a review , Environment and Climate Change Canada announced Friday that none of more than a dozen phthalates studied posed a risk to human health , and only one needs further study for possible risk to the environment .
Phthalates are chemicals used to make plastics flexible and harder to break , or as solvents , and are used in hundreds of commercial products including food containers , children 's toys , detergents and personal hygiene products like makeup and shampoo .
Muhannad Malas , who runs the toxics program for Environmental Defence , said the European Union has concluded at least four phthalates pose a risk to human health and it is mind boggling that Canada did not come to the same conclusion .
He said one of the key differences is that in Europe , the onus has been placed on manufacturers to prove their products are safe but in Canada a product has to be proved unsafe before the government will ban or limit its use .
He said Canada 's law needs to be modernized .
Last June , the House of Commons environment committee made dozens of recommendations to improve the Canadian Environmental Protection Act , which governs the use of chemicals .
One of them was to mimic Europe 's rule about proving something is safe before use rather than having to prove something is unsafe in order to ban it .
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna had until Friday to respond to that report and she said the government is considering the recommendations and will come up with a specific plan by June 2018 .
NEW YORK — Antonio Brown is nearly impossible to stop .
The Steelers star receiver has already put up some stellar stats in his career , including the most receptions in NFL history ( 526 ) in any player 's first six years in the league .
And through four games this season , he has 388 yards receiving , which is second in the NFL and only 3 yards away from leading the league .
The top spot is a familiar place for Brown as he beat out everyone for the No . 1 position among the AP 's top 10 wide receivers . The voting was done by Pro Football Hall of Fame member James Lofton and 10 AP football writers .
Brown earned eight first-place votes and finished with 103 points .
`` Not only is he the best receiver in the game , Brown might be the best all-around player in the NFL , '' said the AP 's Barry Wilner , who is based in New York .
Atlanta 's Julio Jones was in second place with 98 points . Jones received the other three first-place votes and six for second place . He led the NFC and was second in the NFL last season with 1,409 yards . He had nine catches for 180 yards with two scores in the NFC championship game against Green Bay as they Falcons reached the Super Bowl before blowing a 28-3 lead and losing in overtime to New England .
`` One of the masters of accumulating yards after the catch and a clutch performer , too , as the Packers witnessed in the NFC championship game last season , '' said the AP 's Dave Campbell , who 's based in Minneapolis .
Odell Beckham Jr. of the Giants was third with 69 points .
`` The guy is one of the most talented players in the game — and one of its most polarizing , '' said the AP 's Dennis Waszak Jr. , based in New York . `` His acrobatic , one-handed catches have made him an exciting superstar , but his other on-field antics have also kept him in the headlines for the wrong reasons . ''
A Mississauga man is charged with animal cruelty after a golden retriever was found with life-threatening injuries from a brutal beating .
The incident occurred Monday , July 2 , just after 8:20 p.m. , when Durham police were dispatched to an animal complaint in the area of Bennett Road and the Highway 401 off ramp in Bowmanville .
Citizens stopped to aid a golden retriever dog after they saw a man assaulting the dog on the side of the roadway .
Although the bystanders tried to intervene , they were unable to stop the attack .
April 28 Shares of Carvana Co , which uses vending machine-like towers to sell used cars , fell 10 percent in their debut .
The company 's shares opened at $ 13.50 on Friday , below the IPO price of $ 15 , which valued the company at about $ 2 billion .
Carvana sells cars through its website and also provides financing .
( Reporting by Diptendu Lahiri in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila )
April 5 Mccarthy & Stone Plc :
* H1 revenue of 238.2 million stg versus 250.2 million stg year ago
* H1 profit before tax of 21.8 million stg versus 29.0 million stg year ago
* Hy legal completions of 866 versus 923 year ago
* Says group reiterates guidance that full year outturn is expected to deliver in line with market expectations
* Interim dividend per share 1.8 pence versus 1.0 pence year ago
* Further c.16 new site starts expected by end of Q3 FY17 ( FY16 : 9 ) thereby providing a high level of confidence in outturn for FY18 and beyond
* Remains confident of delivering its strategic growth objective of building and selling more than 3,000 units per annum Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Police : Woman shot by police after trying to hit officer
TARRANT , Ala. ( AP ) — Authorities say a woman who tried to run over an officer in Alabama has been shot and wounded .
Al.com reported that the 32-year-old white woman who was shot by Tarrant police on Monday was taken to a hospital with at least one potentially life-threatening injury .
An officer attempted to pull the woman over because her taillight was out . Police Chief Dennis Reno says she took off and smashed into a police SUV . Reno says the officer opened fire . He says there was no choice .
Officers realized the woman had outstanding arrest warrants stemming from a Friday court appearance . Police say she ran out of the courtroom , jumped in her car , and ran over an officer 's foot as she made her getaway .
Reno says he requested that the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office investigate the shooting .
CLEARWATER , Fla. – Florida police have raised eyebrows by showing up at a funeral home and trying to use a dead man 's finger to access his phone , the Tampa Bay Times reports .
Victoria Armstrong was at Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home in Clearwater when two detectives showed up and held the hands of her fiance , Linus Phillip , to the fingerprint sensor on his phone .
“ I just felt so disrespected and violated , ” Armstrong says . The unlocking attempt failed , but police—who shot and killed Phillip in a gas-station clash last month , per WFLA—say the phone 's data could have helped in probing the man 's death and resolving a drug inquiry that includes Phillip .
The move also triggered debate about using a corpse to unlock a phone .
“ While the deceased person does n't have a vested interest in the remains of their body , the family sure does , so it really does n't pass the smell test , ” says a professor at Stetson University College of Law . “ There 's a ghoulish component to it that 's troubling to most people . ”
But police say they got Phillip 's phone within a 48- to 72-hour period when fingerprint access is allowed , and Florida law only states who are authorized to get rid of a dead person 's remains—not who has access to them .
So this will likely go to the courts , where judges are n't always kind to the dead . “ The law has been most cruel , really unforgiving to a dead person , ” says another law professor . “ It provides no entitlement or legal rights after death to a deceased person . ”
This article originally appeared on Newser : Cops Try Unlocking Phone With Dead Man 's Finger
More From Newser :
LAGOS , March 30 Nigerian Breweries is giving shareholders the option of taking new shares in lieu of a cash dividend , so that it can use the money to cut interest costs and fund working capital , it said on Thursday .
Nigerian companies are going through a tough time brought on by low oil prices which tipped the economy into a recession , depleted the country 's foreign reserves , weakened the currency and caused chronic dollar shortages , frustrating businesses .
Several firms including rival brewer Guinness Nigeria , have reported record losses due to the weak economy , and earlier this year Guinness set a rights issue to raise 39.7 billion naira in fresh funds from its shareholders , including parent firm Diageo .
Owned 51.6 percent by Heineken , Nigerian Breweries said it had set a price of 130.59 naira for the new shares and shareholders rejecting the offer would be paid cash . Shareholders are due to approve the dividend of 2.58 naira a share at their annual meeting on May 3 .
The share price closed at 130 naira on Thursday , up 0.77 percent , underperforming the broader index which rose 1.05 percent .
Nigeria 's IPO market has dried up for close to a decade following a crisis with regulators struggling to revive it . The Securities and Exchange Commission this month proposed cutting listing fees to attract issuers .
Last week top tier lender Zenith Bank shelved plans to raise 100 billion naira via a combination of bonds and share sales due to weak capital markets .
Nigeria 's main stock index is down 5.9 percent so far this year after losing 6.2 percent in 2016 . In dollar terms , stocks lost 40 percent last year as the naira fell by a third on the official market against the dollar due to central bank reforms . ( Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha and Oludare Mayowa ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
`` His list of things-to-do that he put on his website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what 's their best interest in this campaign , '' Horwath said . `` What 's worrisome is we have a leader who 's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he 's not being honest with people . ''
The Tories began the campaign with a significant lead only to find themselves now battling the NDP for first place in the polls , which also show the Liberals falling further behind both .
With the election roughly a week away , Wynne travelled to the heart of her NDP rival 's riding on Wednesday to portray herself as the only seasoned stateswoman in the campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray .
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant , she attacked both Horwath and Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs .
`` On the one end of the spectrum , you have Doug Ford — he 's expressed his admiration for ( U.S. President ) Donald Trump , despite the chaos , the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario , '' Wynne said . `` On the other extreme , you have the NDP , who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position . ''
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis . The exemption is due to expire Friday .
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada , Wynne played up her own efforts .
`` Over the past year , I have met with 37 governors , I have met with senators , I 've met with congresspeople , I 've met with senior members of the U.S. administration , all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border , '' said Wynne , who has been trailing behind her rivals in recent polls .
`` We were assertive , we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario 's case to those decision makers . That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off . ''
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees , business leaders , and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border .
Voters have a choice between her and her two inexperienced rivals , she said .
`` They 're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky , very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials , '' Wynne said . `` That 's the reality of the role premier ( and ) we can not let ideology get in our way . ''
Horwath , who portrayed herself as a champion of steel and steelworkers , rejected Wynne 's comments as `` trying to stir up some trouble . '' She said she had been vocal in her support of the industry .
`` Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen , '' Horwath said . `` It has literally , not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation , but it has absolutely and completely ... built my city . ''
By Paola Loriggio and Colin Perkel , The Canadian Press
April 28 Asknet AG
* FY gross profit at 8.92 million euros ( $ 9.71 million ) at group level , down approx . 14 percent on previous year 's 10.39 million euros
* With FY sales revenues down by roughly 6 percent to 68.72 million euros ( previous year : 73.32 million euros )
* FY transaction revenues fell by approx . 11 percent to 73.96 million euros ( previous year : 83.20 million euros )
* FY adjusted consolidated earnings after taxes ( EAT ) came to -1.10 million euros
* Expects group 's gross profits to pick up in fiscal year 2017
* In medium term , however , earnings before taxes are expected to reach approx . 10 percent of gross profits on a sustained basis Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9188 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
LONDON Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino said his team can still win the Premier League for the first time after what he called a deserved 2-0 win over bitter rivals Arsenal on Sunday . “ I feel very proud , ” he told reporters . “ First of all because I think the players gave their best , they were fantastic , and then for our fans . ”
Spurs , who last won the old first division title in 1961 but have never been champions since the Premier League began in 1992 , face another big London derby on Friday , away to West Ham , and if they win it will move within one point of leaders Chelsea .
As a former player and manager with Espanyol in Barcelona , Argentinian Pochettino knows all about local rivalries and how important it is for Tottenham followers to both beat and finish above their neighbours .
“ It was a fantastic afternoon for all our fans and with all that it means , ” he said .
“ To be above Arsenal for the first time in 22 years is fantastic for our fans . It is fantastic for us too but we want to win the title .
“ I do n't know if we wanted it more than them but we were better .
`` I think it was a fantastic game , we deserved the victory and we are in the race for the title . We have four games to play and all is possible in football .
“ We have another important game on Friday , another derby , another tough game and we will have a chance to play before Chelsea . ”
Victory at Upton Park would for once put the pressure on Chelsea , who do not play until Middlesbrough , desperate for points to avoid relegation , visit them three days later .
“ In Italy and Spain , when you are playing for the title , the teams play at the same time , ” Pochettino said . “ Here in England it is different with the fans wanting to watch the teams live . We understand that . ''
( Editing by Clare Fallon )
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov shakes hands with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during a news conference following their talks in Moscow , Russia , April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday after holding talks with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that some progress had been made on Syria and that a working group would be set up to examine the poor state of U.S.-Russia ties .
Lavrov , addressing a news conference , said President Vladimir Putin had said Moscow was ready to restore an air safety agreement covering Syria which it had suspended after last week 's U.S. missile strikes on Syria .
Moscow and Washington had also agreed to continue cooperating to try to find a political solution for Syria , he said .
( Reporting by Denis Dyomkin/Polina Devitt ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
PARIS — Despite all of Novak Djokovic 's success over the years — the 12 major championships , the career Grand Slam , the time ranked No . 1 — he still finds himself searching for self-confidence these days .
That 's what an elbow injury and forced absence from the ATP tour can do to a player .
Djokovic was reflective and revealing Wednesday after moving into the third round at the French Open by virtue of a self-described up-and-down performance in a 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-4 , 6-4 victory over 155th-ranked Jaume Antoni Munar Clar of Spain . Both of Djokovic 's matches so far have been against qualifiers ; neither win was particularly impressive .
`` At the moment , I 'm not playing at the level I wish to , but at the same time , I understand that it is the process that obviously takes time , '' said Djokovic , whose seeding of No . 20 is his lowest at a Slam in 12 years . `` And I 'm trying to not give up . ''
At least he got through in straight sets , saving energy for whatever might come next at Roland Garros . Other leading men were forced to work a lot harder in matches they would have been expected to breeze through : No . 2-seeded Alexander Zverev , No . 4 Grigor Dimitrov and No . 19 Kei Nishikori all faced two-sets-to-one deficits and all emerged to win Wednesday .
Zverev was down by a set and a break early — and down a racket he 'd obliterated by then , too — before collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6 , 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-1 , 6-2 . Dimitrov was two points from defeat against 21-year-old American Jared Donaldson but won 6-7 ( 2 ) , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 , 10-8 in a marathon that lasted 4 hours , 19 minutes and featured a couple of underhand serves by the cramping Donaldson . Nishikori got past Benoit Paire of France 6-3 , 2-6 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 .
A reporter asked Zverev about what he told himself while trailing in order to turn his match around .
The 21-year-old German scoffed at the premise .
`` I mean , you guys make it sound like we think about it , really . We do n't . We just try to play and win each point , each game . Being two sets to one down is like being a set ( behind ) in a three-set match . We 're not going to overthink it : 'Oh , I 'm two sets to one down . What am I going to do ? How am I going to play the next point ? ' '' he responded . `` We try to play our best . We try to maybe change a few tactics and see how we can win the next point and the next game . ''
The lengths , if not quality , of those matches were what amounted to on-court intrigue on Day 4 at the clay-court major , because there really was little in the way of stunning outcomes . The only top-16-seeded man or woman who lost was No . 12 Sam Querrey of the U.S. , and he 's only once been as far as the third round in 12 appearances at Roland Garros .
ORLANDO — Is it 2019 yet ?
During a Star Wars event in Orlando on Saturday , Disney revealed new details about the Star Wars lands coming to Walt Disney World in Florida and Disneyland in California .
During a panel at the Star Wars Celebration event , Walt Disney Imagineering and Lucasfilm representatives said guests will be able to control their theme park experience by choosing to work for the Resistance or the First Order .
Visitors will also get the opportunity to pilot the Millennium Falcon . Disney Imagineer Asa Kalama hinted there may be “ consequences ” for how well you pilot the ship .
“ An experience might begin on board the Millennium Falcon and follow you right out the door of the attraction and into the local watering hole , ” Kalama said . Pablo Hidalgo of Lucasfilm said technology will allow guests to “ build a reputation ” inside the land . Disney did not reveal how this will be accomplished , but the land will likely utilize RFID technology currently used in MagicBands .
Panelists at the event said the land will have its own distinct smells and tastes , including “ blue milk/Bantha milk . ”
Here 's how Disney Parks described the land on its official blog :
“ The team shared exciting new details about the story behind this mysterious destination somewhere on the Outer Rim — lying on the edge of the Unknown Regions . The remote village was once a busy crossroads along the old sub-lightspeed trade routes , but the prominence of the outpost has been bypassed with the rise of hyperspace travel . Now home to those who prefer less attention , it has become a thriving port for smugglers , rogue traders and adventurers traveling between the frontier and uncharted space . It 's also a convenient safe-haven for others intent on avoiding the expanding reach of the First Order . ”
The $ 4 billion investment was first announced in 2015 .
The land will be built within Disney 's Hollywood Studios park at Walt Disney World and inside Disneyland Park in Anaheim , California . Both lands are expected to open in 2019 .
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended .
The February jobs report exceeded expectations , as the U.S. economy added 235,000 new jobs , which was well over the expected 190,000 , signaling steady growth ahead . More people entered the labor force and fewer gave up looking for jobs , bringing the unemployment rate down from 4.8 percent to 4.7 percent .
Looking at industries where increases in hiring were noticed , well some fared better than others . The manufacturing sector saw solid gains and construction added more jobs this year than the past 10 years . Could that be from February being one of the warmest in years , allowing for construction to continue further into the winter months ?
Wages are finally also rising at a faster pace , as the pool of available workers shrinks and companies are forced to pay more to attract and maintain talent . So what does this mean for San Diego ? What jobs are gaining strength here and do we have the workforce ready for those jobs ?
As far as the two rising industries noted in the job report , San Diego is definitely hiring in the construction industry . Despite the rainy season we have had , the Construction industry added 3,500 jobs this last year and continues to grow . Construction laborers , as well as skilled , experienced positions such as Construction Superintendents , Civil Project engineers , Public Works Inspectors are all being sought by San Diego businesses , including City offices within San Diego County . Experience is the main component for these positions . Skills required for these positions might range from :
Years of experience & knowledge in the construction industry : Plumbing , Electrical , Carpentry .
Project Management
Specialized on the job training certificates
Appropriate licenses & certifications
Of course , San Diego is a well-known tourist destination and those jobs are gearing up at all skill levels . Leisure & Hospitality added over 5,500 jobs this last year and there are still multiple job openings , at a variety of skill levels .
Bartenders
Cooks
Retail talent
Convention Center Attendants
Hotel Operations
Marketing and Event promotions
Administrative
One industry San Diego has become known for , is IT and Engineering . As more software companies make San Diego their home , Amazon and Google most recently , our medical industry grows and manufacturing increases , we have noticed an upsurge in these skilled jobs , both temporary , temp to hire and direct hire positions . We find ourselves searching for experienced talent , who may hold BS Degrees or higher in Computer Science , Electrical Engineering . Positions often open as of late , include :
Senior Web Designers & Developers
iOS Software Developers
Engineers
Electronics Technicians
Systems Analysts
Programmers
With a skills gap ever present in the San Diego workforce there are people who want to work – with diverse backgrounds - but face challenges in finding gainful employment . There are employers who want to hire , but ca n't seem to find the skill sets they need . If you think you have skills required to fit the job opportunities in San Diego remember these important tips :
Respond quickly to job postings . Employers receive hundreds , sometimes thousands , of responses to their postings . So the sooner you respond , the better your chances of getting seen .
Employers receive hundreds , sometimes thousands , of responses to their postings . So the sooner you respond , the better your chances of getting seen . Focus on a short , manageable list of prospective employers . Develop a target list of employers and really work it : Visit their websites often ; sign up for their job alerts .
Develop a target list of employers and really work it : Visit their websites often ; sign up for their job alerts . Always customize your resume to include the keywords in the job posting . No matter how stellar your experience , your resume stands little chance of getting read if the post 's keywords do n't show up .
No matter how stellar your experience , your resume stands little chance of getting read if the post 's keywords do n't show up . Work your network to get your resume into the right person 's hands . Referrals go to the top of the pile .
People are feeling more optimistic as the unemployment numbers drop . The recent hit to our job numbers in January when several retail stores , a TV station , and a small hospital closed are not reflective of 2017 . This is the time to get off of the couch and make it happen for yourself . Get the training you need to get back into the job market and stay in it .
* Charge due to slow Dreamworld visitor recovery
* Expected U.S. tax credit benefit of at least $ 10 mln
* Shares trading more than 2 percent lower ( Adds details on Dreamworld , U.S. tax law impact , share price performance )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Ardent Leisure Group Ltd on Friday said it would book an accounting charge in the first half of fiscal 2018 due to a slow recovery in visitor numbers at its Dreamworld theme park .
The theme park operator in a statement said it would book a non-cash impairment charge of A $ 15 million ( $ 12.01 million ) to A $ 25 million due to a lower-than-expected rate of recovery of Dreamworld visitor numbers .
Four visitors were killed on a Dreamworld ride in October 2016 .
The theme park business is likely to break even in the first half of fiscal 2018 , on an core-earnings basis , and add to core earnings for the full year , the company said .
Ardent Leisure also said it expects to book a tax credit for the fiscal 's first half of $ 10 million to $ 13 million due to the cutting of the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent .
The firm is due to report earnings for the first half on Feb. 26 .
Shares of the firm were trading about 2.6 percent lower at 0339 GMT , compared with the benchmark which was 0.4 percent higher .
May 3 Panalpina Welttransport Holding AG :
* Said on Tuesday is to acquire Air Connection , a Kenya-based forwarder specialized in the export of flowers and vegetables
* Panalpina will acquire the family-owned Kenyan company Air Connection , subject to conditions
* The companies reached a respective agreement on May 2 , 2017
* The companies have agreed not to disclose any financial details of the deal
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
A former girls ' national school off Camden Street in Dublin 's south inner city has been bought by a private investor for €1.9 million – €500,000 over the guide price . Jane Dolan of Cushman & Wakefield handled the sale .
Originally known as St Kevin 's School and dating from the 1880s , the two-storey building , 1 Grantham Street , has been substantially refurbished and converted for use as offices . It currently produces a rental income of €81,000 per annum , equating to €123/sq m ( €11.50/sq ft ) . It has an overall floor area of 706sq m ( 7,596sq ft ) , which is shared by Douglas Wallace Consultants , Owen DBB , Hunter PR and OBA Engineers . There are two vacant office suites extending to 160sq m ( 1,720sq ft ) .
The redbrick building occupies an extensive corner site on Grantham Street and Pleasants Street and has a yard with parking for seven cars . The restored building retains many of its original features , including an ornate staircase , exposed roof trusses and a plaque in the front porch to James F Connolly , parish priest in the area from 1906 .
April 13 North American Energy Partners Inc :
* North American Energy Partners Inc announces cancellation of Earthworks contract
* North American Energy Partners - do not expect that loss of contract will have significant impact on our overall activity levels or revenues for year
* North American Energy Partners Inc says Earthworks contract for 2017 has been terminated by customer due to a recent plant fire at mine site Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
* Futures down : Dow 43 pts , S & P 6.5 pts , Nasdaq 8.75 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 31 U.S. stock index futures were slightly lower on Friday as investors prepared to lock in gains , with Wall Street set for its best first quarter in four years .
* A raft of strong economic data and the possibility of fiscal stimulus under President Donald Trump has driven Wall Street to record highs since his election .
* The S & P is on track to gain 5.8 percent for the first quarter ending Friday , its best start to the year since 2013 .
* Investors are also looking to the first-quarter earnings season to justify Wall Street 's lofty valuations .
* The S & P is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 , according to Thomson Reuters data .
* However , the improvement also means more interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve . New York Fed President William Dudley said on Thursday evening that it was appropriate to tighten monetary policy to reduce the risk of overheating the economy .
* On Friday , oil prices fell 0.8 percent after a three-day rally .
* A report on consumer spending and a measure of monthly inflation is due at 8:30 a.m . ET ( 1230 GMT ) .
* Shares of DuPont were up 0.6 percent at $ 82.11 in premarket trading after the company said it would sell its crop protection business to FMC Corp and buy FMC 's health and nutrition unit in a deal that will give DuPont about $ 1.6 billion .
Futures snapshot at 7:01 a.m . ET :
* Dow e-minis were down 43 points , or 0.21 percent , with 15,093 contracts changing hands .
* S & P 500 e-minis were down 6.5 points , or 0.27 percent , with 106,278 contracts traded .
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 8.75 points , or 0.16 percent , on volume of 18,096 contracts . ( Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Anil D'Silva )
May 2 Planet Fitness Inc
* Planet Fitness , Inc . Announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted non-gaap earnings per share $ 0.19
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.14
* Q1 revenue $ 91.1 million versus i/b/e/s view $ 90.4 million
* Q1 same store sales rose 11.1 percent
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees fy 2017 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.74 to $ 0.77
* Sees fy 2017 revenue $ 405 million to $ 415 million
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $ 0.74 , revenue view $ 416.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Planet Fitness Inc - raises full year 2017 outlook
* Planet fitness inc - qtrly system-wide same store sales increased 11.1 % .
* Planet Fitness Inc - expects 2017 system-wide same store sales growth in 7 % to 8 % range
* Planet Fitness Inc - dorvin lively has been promoted and will now serve as president and chief financial officer effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BRIEF-KHC acquires 7 % stake in Careem for $ 62m
* Kingdom Holding Co - transaction makes KHC one of the largest holders of preferred shares in Careem and will grant KHC a board seat on Careem 's board Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : [ Kingdom Holding Co ]
BUENOS AIRES , April 6 Argentines protesting against government austerity measures and demanding higher wages brought the country to a standstill on Thursday as labor unions challenged President Mauricio Macri in the first general strike since he took office 16 months ago .
Truck and bus drivers , teachers , factory workers , airport employees and the government customs agents who run Argentina 's all-important grains export sector walked off the job at midnight for 24 hours .
Security forces pushed back and forth with picketers who had blocked the Pan-American Highway , the main road leading from the north to capital city Buenos Aires , where normally bustling streets were half-empty and businesses were closed .
Marches were held around the country , with picketers carrying signs and shouting .
`` No customs officials are here , so there will be no exports or imports today , '' said Guillermo Wade , manager of the maritime chamber at Argentina 's main grain hub of Rosario . The country is the world 's top exporter of soymeal livestock feed and the third-largest supplier of soybeans .
Macri , a proponent of free markets , took office in December 2015 . He eliminated currency and trade controls and cut government spending , including gas subsidies , a move that sparked steep increases in home heating bills .
Protesters are also clamoring for wage increases in line with inflation , which was clocked at 40 percent last year and is expected at about 20 percent 2017 .
`` The situation is dramatic , '' Julio Piumato , a spokesman for labor umbrella group CGT , said in a telephone interview .
`` Wealth is being concentrated in the hands of a few at the same rate that poverty is growing , '' he said . `` Urgent measures are needed to create employment . One out of every three Argentines is poor . ''
A poll last month showed that for the first time since Macri took office , more Argentines disapprove than approve of his performance .
He was elected after more than a decade of populist rule left Argentina with rampant inflation , dwindling central bank reserves and a wide fiscal deficit . ( Additonal reporting by Nicolas Misculin ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
WELLINGTON , April 20 New Zealand lock Sam Whitelock has spurned the chance to play overseas and re-signed with New Zealand Rugby until 2020 in a coup for All Blacks coach Steve Hansen .
Forming one of the world 's best second rows with Brodie Retallick , the 28-year-old will be a key plank in Hansen 's squad for the British and Irish Lions tour starting in June and will hope to play in a third World Cup at the 2019 tournament in Japan .
`` When I considered whether my immediate playing future was here in New Zealand and Christchurch , I did n't need to look far for the answer , '' Whitelock said in a statement on Thursday .
`` My wife Hannah and I have recently welcomed a new addition to our family , I am still genuinely excited to be playing rugby for these teams , and I feel like there is still plenty more to achieve . ''
The 84-test Whitelock scored two tries in a dream debut against Ireland in New Plymouth in 2010 and last year overtook Ian Jones as the most capped All Black lock .
A twice World Cup winner , Whitelock played every game of the 2015 tournament in Britain and all but one of the matches in 2011 on home soil .
The Canterbury Crusaders captain will also remain with the Super Rugby side , who are currently leading the competition undefeated from seven matches , until 2020 .
`` On behalf of New Zealand Rugby , as well as all New Zealand rugby fans , I want to congratulate Sam and his wife Hannah on his decision , '' Hansen said .
`` Sam is also great contributor to our environment : he thinks a lot about the game ... leads very well within the group and has become a very , very important component in the All Blacks . ''
( Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne ; Editing by Frank Pingue )
* U.S. 2-7 year yields about 3 bps above multi-week lows * Traders await Trump-Xi meeting , U.S. non-farm payrolls data * Paul Ryan tax reform comments keep yields from rising By Sam Forgione NEW YORK , April 6 U.S. Treasury yields were little changed on Thursday amid uncertainty ahead of a key U.S. jobs report Friday , a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping , and over the fate of Trump 's pro-growth agenda . Yields on Treasuries maturing between 2-7 years hovered about three basis points above multi-week lows touched earlier in the week before the key events . The meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping Thursday will be their first , while economists polled by Reuters expect U.S. employers to have added 180,000 jobs last month . `` There are certainly a lot of crosscurrents between politics and the Fed , I think the market is unsure what to do at the moment , '' said Gennadiy Goldberg , an interest rate strategist at TD Securities in New York . `` The market will be very remiss to do anything too sharp at this point given that we have payrolls coming up . '' Analysts said comments on Wednesday by U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan stoked concerns over the feasibility of Trump 's agenda , in turn stoking a bid for safe-haven U.S. government debt that prevented yields from rising . Ryan said tax reform would take longer to accomplish than repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare , and that Congress and the White House were initially closer to agreement on healthcare legislation than on tax policy . `` Ryan saying tax reform was going to potentially take longer , that is pretty much just opening up the possibility that the first 100 days of Trump 's presidency is not going to see any material actionable planning being done , '' said Stanley Sun , interest rate strategist at Nomura Securities International in New York . Traders also digested minutes from the Federal Reserve 's March meeting released Wednesday afternoon , which showed most Fed policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up . Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes were last up 1/32 in price to yield 2.353 percent , from a yield of 2.357 percent late Wednesday . U.S. 30-year Treasury bonds were last down 3/32 in price to yield 3.009 percent , from a yield of 3.005 percent late Wednesday . U.S. three-year yields were last roughly flat at 1.45 percent after touching a more than five-week low of 1.426 percent Wednesday . April 6 Thursday 10:48AM New York / 1448 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 151-12/32 -0-4/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-24/256 0-12/256 Price Current Net Yield % Change ( bps ) Three-month bills 0.7875 0.8 -0.003 Six-month bills 0.91 0.9269 -0.002 Two-year note 100-2/256 1.246 -0.004 Three-year note 100-130/256 1.4477 -0.005 Five-year note 100-16/256 1.8618 -0.006 Seven-year note 99-208/256 2.154 -0.005 10-year note 99-28/256 2.3516 -0.005 30-year bond 99-224/256 3.0063 0.001 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last ( bps ) Net Change ( bps ) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 33.25 0.25 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 29.50 0.50 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 11.75 0.50 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -2.25 0.00 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -39.25 0.00 spread ( Editing by Bernadette Baum )
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
On Sunday when the Miami Dolphins finished their season finale against the Buffalo Bills , there were questions whether the Dolphins would give back up quarterback David Fales playing time . Sure enough , the Dolphins had Jay Cutler play one series and then played Fales the rest of the game . The last game of the season could be like a preseason game for teams because they want to look at the younger players and that 's what the Dolphins did with Fales . As much as I hate when that happens , the Dolphins did the right thing playing Fales throughout the game to see what he can do .
Look Ryan Tannehill will be coming back from knee surgery next year , Cutler is done in Miami , and the team seems to be lukewarm on bringing back Matt Moore so the team has to see what they have in Fales . While I do n't think Fales is the quarterback of the future at the very least he could be a back up next year , but the Dolphins need to look into getting a quarterback early in this year 's draft . I like …
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 13 Heilan Home Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.49 yuan ( before tax ) /share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 18
* The company 's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 19 and the dividend will be paid on April 19
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/fPl10h
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
Her mother Anita is from Cote First Nation in Saskatchewan and Terance is from O-Chi-Chak Ko Sipi First Nation in Manitoba .
`` To be that person to pave the way for many young First Nations girls across Canada , it 's exciting for me , '' Brigette said . `` I 'm proud of who I am and where I come from and who I represent . ''
Lacquette says watching Inuit forward Jordin Tootoo play for Canada 's junior hockey team in 2003 when she was 11 was significant moment because she did n't have any Indigenous hockey heroes .
She 's now that player for young girls across the country . A throng of people from her community travelled to Winnipeg to watch her play for Canada in a Dec. 5 exhibition game against the U.S .
During the game , her teammates pointed out a sign held by a young girl near the players ' bench that said `` All I want for Christmas is a stick from my idol Brigette Lacquette . ''
Lacquette obliged by tossing her stick over the glass . The recipient burst into tears .
`` She was so pumped , '' Lacquette said . `` That was before the ( Olympic ) team was named . I just could n't believe that I was that person for them . ''
She 's received more than moral support from her First Nations community .
When the cost of playing hockey increased for Lacquette and her older sister Tara , a former University of Manitoba goaltender , the Cote First Nation covered some of their expenses .
`` Growing up , my family did n't have a lot of money , '' Lacquette said . `` They definitely helped offset the cost of minor hockey fees and whatnot . ''
Lacquette played for Canada 's silver-medal teams in the 2015 and 2016 world championships . The University of Wisconsin alum was among the last players cut from Canada 's Olympic team in 2014 .
`` The first thing that comes to mind is her relentlessness and her resiliency , '' Canadian head coach Laura Schuler said .
`` Obviously she was centralized back in 2014 and did n't make the team . She does n't let anything get in her way . When she has a goal in mind with what she wants to do , it does n't matter what happens , she just keeps on trucking . ''
When Lacquette speaks to Canadian First Nations communities , her message is to persevere .
`` I 've overcome a lot I think , '' she said . `` I got bullied when I was younger because I had really bad eczema growing up , and racism as well .
`` It 's definitely something I speak about and I 'm open about , that I got bullied . If a kid gets bullied , I think they can realize that 'Oh , she went through it too . '
`` My message is you 're going to go through valleys and you 're going to go through the mountains of life . But you can always keep pushing . ''
The Canadian Press
March 30 Preferred Apartment Communities Inc :
* Preferred Apartment Communities - announced sale in Q1 2017 of two class A multifamily communities located in Kansas City , Kansas and Atlanta , Georgia
* Co sold the properties for gross aggregate disposition proceeds of approximately $ 113.6 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 10 Sichuan Troy Information Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 27 million yuan to 32 million yuan in Q1 FY 2017 versus net loss at 9.8 million yuan year ago
* Says improvement in main business and newly merged unit 's performance consolidated in the financial statements as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Tq0SOV
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country 's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion , its head said on Wednesday , as the company braces for major obstacles for the project .
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
DENVER ( AP ) — The last time the Colorado Rockies and San Diego Padres met , tempers flared and punches were thrown . This time , the Padres let their bats do all the damage .
Carlos Asuaje homered and had a career-high four RBIs , Franchy Cordero went deep during a nine-run seventh inning and San Diego romped past the Rockies 13-5 on Monday night .
Asuaje hit a three-run shot in a four-run first and Cordero added a two-run drive during a 45-minute seventh for San Diego . Wil Myers had four hits and two RBIs , and Eric Hosmer drew a career-high four walks to go with his two hits .
The Padres won for just the second time in seven games .
“ It was a fun night for the guys , ” manager Andy Green said . “ This is one of those days you get to smile and laugh and take aggressive at-bats . You want to see that kind of carry over to the next day . ”
It was the eighth meeting of the year between the teams and their first since a bench-clearing brawl on April 11 . The scuffle ensued after Padres starter Luis Perdomo threw a 96 mph fastball behind the Rockies star Nolan Arenado , who charged the mound and threw punches at Perdomo .
Suspensions were handed out to Arenado , Perdomo and Colorado outfielder Gerardo Parra for their roles in the fight .
There were no further altercations Monday .
“ It 's over , ” Colorado manager Bud Black said before the game .
Arenado and Trevor Story homered for the Rockies , who dropped to 3-7 at home . Colorado starter Chad Bettis , who had allowed two runs or fewer in his first four starts of the year , dug himself a 4-0 hole in the first but left after five innings with a 5-4 lead .
In the seventh , Jake McGee ( 0-1 ) got just one out and gave up four runs . Scott Oberg came in and yielded another five runs while getting only one out . Antonio Senzatela finally closed the door in the inning after allowing three hits and no runs .
“ It 's definitely something for the moment to wash ( away ) , ” Oberg said . “ But moving forward , learn from the mistakes and try to do our best not to repeat them . ”
In all , San Diego sent 15 batters to the plate in the inning . The Padres had eight hits and four walks . Pinch-hitter Matt Szczur , Cordero and Myers each got two hits .
The nine runs were the most for the Padres in an inning since they also scored nine against the Chicago Cubs on July 24 , 2014 .
“ I was definitely enjoying that inning , ” Cordero said through a translator . “ That 's what we 're playing for . ”
Robbie Erlin ( 1-2 ) won in relief of starter Bryan Mitchell .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Padres : 3B Christian Villanueva was a late scratch because of tightness in his hamstring . Villanueva leads the majors in slugging percentage ( .774 ) and has the second-highest batting average ( .355 ) in the NL .
Rockies : LHP Chris Rusin was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a right intercostal strain and LHP Harrison Musgrave was called up from Triple-A Albuquerque . Musgrave threw a scoreless inning in his major league debut . In a corresponding move , RHP Carlos Estevez was moved to the 60-day DL with an elbow strain .
EARLY TROUBLE
Myers scored on a balk in the first and Asuaje followed with a three-run homer , marking the fourth straight game in which the Rockies have allowed multiple runs in the opening inning .
Colorado tied it in the bottom half with two-run shots by Arenado and Story .
LONG , LONG GONE
Story 's home run in the first reached the left-field concourse , traveling an estimated 464 feet . It was the longest home run of his career , according to Statcast .
Cordero 's homer in the seventh went 456 feet .
“ He 's a big , physical man , ” Green said .
UP NEXT
LHP Eric Lauer , the 25th overall pick in the 2016 draft , is expected to make his big league debut for San Diego on Tuesday . The Rockies will counter with LHP Kyle Freeland ( 0-3 , 5.85 ERA ) , in search of his first win since July 30 .
Padres 13 , Rockies 5
San Diego ; Colorado ;
ab ; r ; h ; bi ; ; ab ; r ; h ; bi
Cordero cf ; 6 ; 1 ; 2 ; 2 ; LMahieu 2b ; 4 ; 1 ; 2 ; 0
Myers rf ; 6 ; 1 ; 4 ; 2 ; Blckmon cf ; 4 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Hosmer 1b ; 2 ; 2 ; 2 ; 0 ; Arenado 3b ; 4 ; 1 ; 2 ; 2
Pirela lf ; 5 ; 2 ; 2 ; 0 ; Dahl rf ; 4 ; 1 ; 2 ; 0
Stammen p ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; Story ss ; 3 ; 2 ; 1 ; 2
Lyles p ; 1 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; Desmond lf ; 4 ; 0 ; 1 ; 1
Asuaje 2b ; 5 ; 2 ; 2 ; 4 ; McMahon 1b ; 2 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Galvis ss ; 4 ; 1 ; 1 ; 0 ; Oberg p ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Spngnbr 3b ; 5 ; 1 ; 1 ; 2 ; Snztela p ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Ellis c ; 4 ; 1 ; 0 ; 0 ; Cuevas ph ; 1 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Mtchell p ; 2 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; Wolters c ; 4 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Erlin p ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; Bettis p ; 2 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Szczur ph-lf ; 3 ; 2 ; 2 ; 2 ; Msgrave p ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
McGee p ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Valaika 1b ; 2 ; 0 ; 1 ; 0
Totals ; 43 ; 13 ; 16 ; 12 ; Totals ; 34 ; 5 ; 9 ; 5
San Diego ; 400 ; 000 ; 900 ; — ; 13
Colorado ; 401 ; 000 ; 000 ; — ; 5
E_Ellis ( 1 ) . DP_San Diego 1 . LOB_San Diego 9 , Colorado 4 . 2B_Myers 2 ( 2 ) , Szczur ( 1 ) , Desmond ( 3 ) . HR_Cordero ( 4 ) , Asuaje ( 2 ) , Arenado ( 4 ) , Story ( 5 ) . SB_Myers ( 1 ) , Hosmer ( 1 ) , LeMahieu ( 3 ) , Story ( 5 ) . CS_LeMahieu ( 1 ) . <
IP ; H ; R ; ER ; BB ; SO
San Diego
Mitchell ; 5 ; 1-3 ; 8 ; 5 ; 5 ; 2 ; 2
Erlin W,1-2 ; 2-3 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 2
Stammen ; 1 ; 1 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0
Lyles ; 2 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 2
Colorado
Bettis ; 5 ; 5 ; 4 ; 4 ; 2 ; 5
Musgrave H,1 ; 1 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 1
McGee L,0-1 BS,1 ; 1-3 ; 3 ; 4 ; 4 ; 1 ; 1
Oberg ; 1-3 ; 3 ; 5 ; 5 ; 2 ; 0
Senzatela ; 2 ; 1-3 ; 5 ; 0 ; 0 ; 1 ; 2
Umpires_Home , Tom Hallion ; First , Adam Hamari ; Second , Hunter Wendelstedt ; Third , Dan Bellino .
T_3:24 . A_24,419 ( 50,398 ) .
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_San-Dieo-Padres-WEB-8.jpg
By Brent W. New Associated Press
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A group of former Brazilian women 's national team players have signed an open letter criticizing their federation following the dismissal of coach Emily Lima .
The group includes Formiga , who currently plays professionally for Paris Saint-Germain in France but retired from the national team last year after a record-breaking career that included every Olympic women 's tournament .
`` We , the players , have invested years of our own lives and all of our energy to build this team and this sport to its strength today , '' Friday 's letter said . `` Yet we , and almost all other Brazilian women , are excluded from the leadership and decision-making for our own team and our own sport . ''
Lima , the first woman ever to coach Brazil 's national team , was fired late last month after less than a year on the job . The team went 7-5-1 during her short tenure .
Following her dismissal , several veteran players , including Cristiane and Fran , stepped down from the team . They were among those who signed the open letter , along with Formiga .
`` Over many years we have lived and watched in despair as Brazil 's women were neglected by CBF ( the Brazilian soccer confederation ) . The events of the last week — where players ' voices were ignored , and some are now retiring in protest — is the result of a long history of lockout , '' it read . `` While some validly choose to remain inside the team and seek change from within , the fact that players have to make such a choice raises bigger issues . It has made us determined to speak out and demand change . ''
The players called on CBF to include women in leadership and decision-making positions , and to help provide a path for players to pursue coaching jobs .
Cristiane spread the letter to social media with the hashtag # hearhervoice .
`` Today I 'm posting a very important document , which I 've signed together with many legends of the Brazil team . Please join many other former national team players from around the world by supporting & sharing our request for gender equality in Brazil football , '' she said on Instagram .
The CBF did not respond to an email seeking comment .
LAS VEGAS — After his first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February , there were n't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves .
He arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made his presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles , both losses . The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined .
`` Ruin the whole team , yeah ? '' Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington . `` I apologize to Vegas . ''
Vegas was n't the only one he apologized to . Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while he did n't necessarily agree with the penalties , he also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build .
`` He was up front , and he took responsibility , but I said , 'Just play your game , that 's why we got you , to play your game and work hard ' and he 's been excellent ever since , '' Gallant said Tuesday . `` He does n't take penalties , he really does n't . ''
Reave believes it 's been his on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made him an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis , Pittsburgh and now Vegas , where he 's since become a crowd favourite .
`` My fights have gone down every year , '' Reaves said . `` I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months ( with Pittsburgh ) . I think there 's always going to be physical play in this league , and as long as I can keep up and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that 's not hurting the team , then yeah , I think I got a spot here . ''
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history .
In Game 5 of the National Hockey League 's Western Conference final in his hometown of Winnipeg , Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final . And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday , he scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead .
`` Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter , you got to be a little faster , everything is kind of magnified , '' Reaves said . `` I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure . ''
RENTON , Wash. — The Seattle Seahawks will not face any suspensions for the melee that broke out at the conclusion of Sunday 's loss to Jacksonville .
The league is still reviewing the fracas that broke out in the closing moments of Jacksonville 's 30-24 victory for potential discipline , but no suspensions will be coming . Michael Bennett , Sheldon Richardson and Quinton Jefferson were all flagged for personal fouls . Jefferson and Richardson were both ejected , and all three should face hefty fines for their involvement in the ugly conclusion . Jefferson attempted to climb into the stands after fans threw what appeared to be bottles at him as he was leaving the field . He was pulled back by team staff .
The Jaguars issued a statement Monday they were reviewing video and were conducting interviews with spectators and security staff in the area to identify those involved . The Jaguars said those involved may lose the right to purchase future tickets or have their season tickets revoked .
___
SEOUL , April 10 Foreign investors extended their buying spree of South Korean bonds for a third straight month in March , though the pace of purchase slowed compared to February , official data showed on Monday .
Bond holdings by foreign investors rose by a net 2.6 trillion won ( $ 2.29 billion ) in March , well behind the net 5.2 trillion won in February , which was the biggest jump since 2009 , data from the Financial Supervisory Service showed .
Demand was strongest from Asia , as investors in the region purchased 1.4 trillion won worth of debt . Investors in the U.S. bought 0.4 trillion won , and those in the Middle East snapped up 0.3 trillion won worth of South Korean bonds .
By category , foreigners net increased their holdings of monetary stabilization bonds ( MSB ) by 2.9 trillion won , while they offloaded 0.3 trillion won of treasury bonds .
( $ 1 = 1,133.4300 won ) ( Reporting by Cynthia Kim )
March 31 Sichuan Xunyou Network Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 0 percent to 30 percent , or to be 12.3 million yuan to 17.5 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 17.5 million yuan )
* Says decreased revenue , increased labor cost as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/uV4aom
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
LONDON An electrifying display by teenage striker Kylian Mbappe allowed Monaco to come back from a goal down to secure a 3-1 victory at home to Toulouse and go three points clear at the top of Ligue 1 on Saturday .
The win put Monaco , who face Juventus in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Wednesday , top with 83 points from 34 games , three ahead of Paris Saint-Germain in second and nine ahead of third-placed Nice .
Toulouse striker Ola Toivonen gave his side a shock lead just after the break , jolting the 18-year-old Mbappe into life as he created a slew of chances for his side in the second half .
Monaco defender Kamil Glik headed home a cleverly-worked corner to equalise before Mbappe added a superb second goal , smashing a low , first-time shot in at the near post , and he went on to torment the Toulouse defence before being substituted late on .
Winger Thomas Lemar netted his eighth league goal of the season to put his side 3-1 up , half-volleying home Nabil Dirar 's beautiful , chipped cross 15 minutes from time , and Monaco had plenty of chances to increase their lead even further .
PSG , who thrashed a second-string Monaco side 5-0 in the French Cup in the week , travel to Nice on Sunday .
( Reporting by Philip O'Connor ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
March 31 Ground International Development Ltd :
* It is proposed that company and possible jv partners are to establish a joint venture company in prc
* Registered capital of jv company is initially set as rmb100 million
* It is proposed that jv company will be owned beneficially as to 80 % by company and as to 20 % by possible jv partners
* JV company will be principally engaged in development of a cultural-tourism project in nanchang
* Co entered into a non-legally binding memorandum of understanding with jiangxi shengshuitang cultural tourism development
* Upon establishment , jv company will become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of company
Source text ( bit.ly/2op4p0L )
Further company coverage :
May 2 Global Ferronickel Holdings Inc
* Refers to news article entitled “ DENR 's Lopez Bans Open-Pit Mining ” posted in Manila Bulletin
* Says order is not applicable to the group 's business operations Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NRG Energy 's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON , Del. , June 14 NRG Energy Inc 's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $ 1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business , according to a securities filing .
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari speaks after British Prime Minister Cameron opened the international anti-corruption summit on May 12 , 2016 in London , England . REUTERS/Dan Kitwood/Pool/File Photo
ABUJA Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari missed his third straight weekly cabinet meeting on Wednesday because he needed to rest , officials said , fuelling concerns about the state of his health .
A Reuters reporter witnessed the start of the session and Buhari 's failure to arrive for the meeting , which was chaired by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo .
The 74-year-old former military ruler has hardly appeared in public since returning home in March after nearly two months ' medical leave in Britain , where he underwent treatment for an unspecified illness .
Information Minister Lai Mohammed said the president had been in the office on Tuesday .
`` He did not attend because he took today to rest , '' Mohammed told reporters . `` All he is doing is following his doctors ' advice to rest enough . ''
On Tuesday , the president 's wife Aisha Buhari , seeking to counter growing concerns about his ability to run Africa 's biggest economy , said his health was not as bad as assumed . She gave no details .
Nigeria is in its second year of recession , brought on by low oil prices which have slashed government revenues , weakened the naira currency and caused chronic dollar shortages .
Osinbajo , a lawyer who is seen as more friendly to business than Buhari , has chaired cabinet meetings during the president 's medical leave and played an active role in driving policy changes .
( Writing by Ulf Laessing and Chijioke Ohuocha , Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
LONDON , April 15 Harry Kane became the first Tottenham Hotspur player since the great Jimmy Greaves to hit 20 goals in three successive top-flight seasons after netting in the 4-0 Premier League defeat of Bournemouth on Saturday .
Homegrown Kane slotted his 20th of the season just after halftime -- his sixth goal in his last four league games -- in his first start since a month-long layoff with an ankle injury .
He also had a hand in Son Heung-min 's effort which put Tottenham 2-0 up inside 20 minutes .
Greaves , Tottenham 's record goalscorer with 266 in all competitions , managed at least 20 between 1966 and 1969 .
Kane , who won the Golden Boot award last season with 25 goals as Tottenham challenged for the title , is only the fourth player since the start of the Premier League to score 20 goals in three successive seasons -- joining Thierry Henry , Alan Shearer and Ruud van Nistelrooy .
The 23-year-old still has a long way to go to match the exploits of Greaves , but his goals are helping Tottenham stay in touch with leaders Chelsea as they try to win the English title since 1961 when Greaves was in his pomp .
Victory narrowed the gap to four points ahead of Chelsea 's tricky-looking trip to Manchester United on Sunday .
Kane played down his feat , insisting the only focus was on Tottenham maintaining the form that has seen them win seven consecutiuve top-flight games for the first time in 50 years .
`` It was great to be back out there , '' said Kane , who returned as a substitute against Watford last week after a month out because of an ankle injury .
`` It 's good to be consistent as a striker . I want to do that year in year out . We 've still got plenty to do this season so I do n't want to think about it .
`` Hopefully , Manchester United can get a result tomorrow and do us a favour . ''
With 71 points , Tottenham are just one off their best-ever Premier League points total set in 2012-13 and they have six games left to top that mark .
They have won 12 home league games in a row , their best sequence within a single season since 1919-20 and two short of their all-time winning run at White Hart Lane which reached 14 in October 1987 .
They have two home games remaining -- against Arsenal and Manchester United -- and look almost certain to finish in the top-four even if they can not overhaul Chelsea . ( Reporting by Martyn Herman ; Editing by Ian Chadband )
Edward W. “ Ed ” Heutinck , 82 , of Lawton , passed away Saturday , June 30 , 2018 , at his residence .
Services will be 10:30 a.m. Friday , July 6 at Immaculate Conception Catholic Church in Moville , Iowa . Burial will be in Arlington Township Cemetery . Visitation will be from 4 to 7 p.m. Thursday , July 5 at the church .
Arrangements are under the direction of Morningside Chapel , Christy-Smith Funeral Homes in Sioux City .
Ed Heutinck , the son of George and Nora ( Siebke ) Heutinck , was born on March 16 , 1936 , in Golden City , Mo . After graduating from high school , he joined the U.S. Army . Ed was stationed in Europe for two years and was able to travel extensively before his honorable discharge .
On November 4 , 1963 , Ed was united in marriage with Kathleen Mullen at St. Boniface Catholic Church in Sioux City . Ed and Kathy have been married for 54 years .
He was employed with Swift and Company , and then with Heritage Homes in Nebraska . Later in life , Ed worked doing home construction , which he did until his retirement .
Ed was active in his church throughout his life . He enjoyed gardening , boating , fishing , water skiing , and camping . His favorite summer activity was boating on the Missouri River with his family .
Ed always loved going back to the family farm to help his brother , Joe , with the harvest .
Ed is survived by his wife , Kathleen of Lawton ; children , Susan ( Todd ) Hoffman of Baldwin City , Kan. , Steven ( Mindy ) Heutinck of Kansas City , Mo. , and Christine Heutinck of Kansas City ; seven grandchildren , Samantha ( Kenny ) Resecker , Joshua Hoffman , Jordan Hoffman , Harrison Heutinck , Logan Heutinck , Katelynn Heutinck , and Morgan Heutinck ; siblings , Dorothy ( Leo ) Wagner , Joe ( Kris ) Heutinck , Theresa ( Rod ) Leipold , all of Minnesota ; and many nieces and nephews .
He was preceded in death by his parents ; a brother , Leonard ; a sister , Loretta ; and half sisters , Mary Nutt and Jeanette Behrens .
Flowers may be sent to the Immaculate Conception Catholic Church , 419 Jones Street , Moville , IA 51039 .
The Delaware Police Department estimates 30,000 people will flock to the city on Wednesday , July 4 , for the annual fireworks show , according to a city press release .
The scheduled July 4 events taking place in Delaware include the following :
• Delaware 4th of July parade starting from fairgrounds at 3 p.m .
• Central Ohio Symphony 's concert at 7:30 p.m. at Phillips Glen , Ohio Wesleyan University campus
• Fireworks at 10 p.m .
Street closures
The Fourth of July events taking place throughout the city will result in intermittent street closures , including but not limited to :
• Pennsylvania Avenue east from the fairgrounds ; Sandusky Street south through the downtown to Wilmer Street and Henry Street ( 3 to 4 p.m . )
• Henry Street between Wilmer and William streets as the parade concludes ( 4 to 4:30 p.m . )
• Parade : No parking permitted July 4 from 1 to 5 p.m. on Pennsylvania Avenue from North Liberty Street to North Sandusky Street ; and Sandusky Street from Spring Street to Marshall Court/Hayes Building
• Hayes Street off Henry Street ( 2 p.m. to fireworks conclusion )
• Henry Street between Olentangy and Wilmer streets ( 6 p.m. to fireworks conclusion )
• Henry Street between Selby Stadium and William Street : From 6 to 7:30 p.m. Henry Street will remain open until the Central Ohio Symphony concert starts ; Beginning at 7:30 p.m. Henry Street will close at William Street
Fireworks
Due to the fireworks show , no parking will be permitted July 4 on the following streets :
• Henry Street from William Street to Olentangy Avenue from 7 a.m. to midnight
• Wilmer Street , Harrison Street , Wootring Street & Weiser Avenue from Sandusky Street to Henry Street ( 3 p.m. to midnight )
• Olentangy Avenue from Sandusky Street to Armstrong Road ( 7 a.m. to midnight )
• Stratford Road from Olentangy Avenue to 200 feet south of Olentangy Avenue ( 7 a.m. to midnight )
• Hayes Street ( 7 a.m. to midnight )
• Armstrong Road ( 7 a.m. to midnight )
• The bikeway bridge over U.S. Route 23 will be open before and after the fireworks show ; but it will be closed during the show and will not be available as a viewing spot .
Sponsors
Byers Auto Group , Meijer and OhioHealth again are the main sponsors of the fireworks show . Each renewed pledges – Byers as the Presenting Sponsor , Meijer as the Grand Finale Sponsor , and OhioHealth as the Community Spirit Sponsor – for the July 4 spectacle .
Also supporting the show with donations this year are JEG 's Automotive , the Delaware Fraternal Order of Eagles , American Structurepoint , CT Consultants , Scioto Energy , PPG and First Commonwealth Bank .
Parking
Phillips Hall will be open for handicap parking for Central Ohio Symphony concertgoers .
Lots at the Schimmel/Conrades Science Center , Meek Aquatics and Recreation Center , and Margaret Sagan softball field will be closed for fireworks preparation and viewing .
Food
Food vendors will be set up on Hayes Street and will begin serving around 5 p.m .
Restrooms
Portable toilets will be available on Hayes Street , outside the Meek Center , and outside Margaret Sagan softball field . Selby Field restrooms will be open until 10 p.m .
Closings
City offices will be closed Wednesday , July 4 . Residential refuse , recycling and yard waste crews operate on the “ next day ” collection schedule for the week , beginning Thursday , July 5 , and continue through Saturday , July 7 .
Questions concerning the collection schedule may be directed to the Customer Service Request Line at 740-203-1810 .
https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/07/web1_Delaware-Logo.jpg
Gazette Staff delnews @ aimmediamidwest.com
Follow The Delaware Gazette on Twitter @ delgazette . Like The Gazette on Facebook .
Follow The Delaware Gazette on Twitter @ delgazette . Like The Gazette on Facebook .
NFL suspends Rams right guard Jamon Brown for 2 games
A THOUSAND OAKS , Calif. ( AP ) — Right guard Jamon Brown has been suspended for the first two games of the Los Angeles Rams ' upcoming season for violating the NFL policy and program for substances of abuse .
The NFL announced the suspension Tuesday .
Brown started all 16 games last season for the Rams , who drafted him in the third round in 2015 . He has started 30 games in three NFL seasons .
Los Angeles had the same starting offensive line for 15 consecutive games last season before resting several regulars in the finale . That line continuity was a big factor in the defending NFC West champions ' transformation from the NFL 's worst offense into the league 's highest-scoring unit during coach Sean McVay 's first season .
___
For more NFL coverage : www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Kirk Douglas celebrated his 101st birthday surrounded by his family and friends over the weekend .
The 'Spartacus ' star 's son Michael Douglas flew from New York to Beverly Hills to see his father on his special day on Saturday ( 09.12.17 ) , but his wife Catherine Zeta-Jones was unable to visit so had to video call him instead .
According to Deadline , the 48-year-old actress sang an Oscar-worthy rendition of 'Happy Birthday ' to her father-in-law via FaceTime .
Kirk 's son Joel also attended the bash as did his wife Anne - who he has been married to since 1954 - and granddaughter Kelsey Douglas , 25 .
Following the event , Michael was due to fly back to the Big Apple because the arrival of his son 's baby daughter is imminent .
In April , Michael , 73 , said he feels `` fortunate '' his father is still alive and admitted he was still `` sharp '' .
He said : `` He 's a pistol . When I come out here , I stay at my dad 's house . He 's got a little apartment above the garage .
`` I cherish the fact of how fortunate I am at my age that my dad 's still around .
`` He 's gon na be 101 in December , he 's still sharp , got a good sense of humor and can share deep stories that go beyond being father and son .
`` He 's a lot better when my wife 's out here - he seems to perk up when Catherine 's around . He says , 'Oh , my goodness , look at you , you little rascal . ' ``
Ajit Pai , Chairman of U.S Federal Communications Commission , delivers his keynote speech at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , February 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
WASHINGTON The Republican chairman of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission is expected to unveil proposed reforms on Thursday to the $ 45 billion business data services market just four months after his Democratic predecessor abandoned a reform plan .
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai is set to announce reforms but will not propose completely deregulating the market , two officials briefed on the plan said . The proposal is set to be discussed at the FCC 's April meeting .
An FCC spokesman declined to comment .
Small businesses , schools , libraries and others rely on business data services , or special-access lines , to transmit large amounts of data quickly , for instance connecting banks to ATM machines or gasoline pump credit card readers .
Special-access lines are used by offices , retailers , banks , manufacturers , schools and hospitals to move large amounts of data , and wireless carriers rely on them for the backhaul of mobile traffic .
Major telecommunications and cable companies have met with FCC staff in recent weeks to talk about the issue , according to FCC records .
Under President Barack Obama , then-FCC chairman Tom Wheeler in April 2016 proposed a sweeping reform plan for business data services that aimed to reduce prices paid for services . Wheeler abandoned the proposal in November after Donald Trump was elected president .
The data services market is an important business for AT & T Inc , CenturyLink Inc ( CTL.N ) , Frontier Communications Corp and Verizon Communications Inc ( VZ.N ) , while Sprint Corp and other companies that use the lines say they are being overcharged .
Wheeler had proposed maintaining and lowering lower price caps using legacy data systems with a one-time 11 percent reduction in prices phased in over three years .
The proposal came under criticism from AT & T and the Communications Workers of America union .
Sprint , which backed Wheeler 's proposal , told the FCC in a March 22 letter that `` thousands of large and small businesses across the country are paying far too much for broadband because of inadequate competition . ''
Sprint argued `` a small handful of companies are overcharging the very investors and employers that are critical to our economic growth and are using anticompetitive tactics to ensure that these businesses never have access to competitive alternatives . ''
AT & T argued Wheeler 's plan was `` little more than a wealth transfer to companies that have chosen not to invest in last mile fiber infrastructure . ''
In a March 13 letter , AT & T suggested the FCC largely deregulate the market but leave rules in place where there is no competition .
CenturyLink and Frontier in a March 20 filing urged the FCC to completely deregulate the market .
( Reporting by David Shepardson ; Editing by Bill Trott )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Ganesha Ecosphere Ltd :
* SAYS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTION STARTED AT UNIT SITUATED AT BILASPUR Source text - bit.ly/2FD4Xba Further company coverage :
× Rick Gates attorneys seek to withdraw from case
The trial attorneys who want to stop representing former Trump campaign aide Rick Gates will be in court Wednesday for a private hearing about their reasons for withdrawing , a federal judge said Friday .
Gates ' attorneys , Walter Mack , Shanlon Wu and Annemarie McAvoy , told the court late Thursday they wanted to withdraw from the case immediately .
They provided a reason to the court under seal . Mack , one of the now-former attorneys for Gates , declined to comment Thursday .
Gates pleaded not guilty in October to eight charges of money laundering and failing to register foreign lobbying and other business . His longtime business partner , former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort , pleaded not guilty to nine counts in the same case as Gates .
CNN recently reported that Gates had quietly added a prominent white-collar attorney , Tom Green , to his defense team , signaling a possible change to his legal approach .
On Thursday , attorneys from Green 's firm were seen entering the building where special counsel Robert Mueller works .
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo. , April 5 Amazon.com Chief Executive Jeff Bezos said on Wednesday he is selling about $ 1 billion worth of Amazon stock per year to fund his Blue Origin rocket company , and expects to spend about $ 2.5 billion developing a rocket capable of lifting satellites and eventually people into orbit .
Blue Origin is aiming to launch paying passengers on 11-minute suborbital space rides next year , Bezos told reporters at the U.S. Space Symposium here . ( Reporting By Irene Klotz ; Editing by Joseph White and Chris Reese )
Free agency trend : Stay home , or sign short deals
Photo : Rick Bowmer , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this May 4 , 2018 , file photo , Utah Jazz guard Dante Exum ( 11 ) lays the ball up as Houston Rockets forward Trevor Ariza , right , defends during the second half in Game 3 of an NBA basketball second-round playoff series in Salt Lake City.The Jazz locked up their third internal free agent of the summer Tuesday , July 3 , agreeing to terms with Exum on a three-year extension that will be worth around $ 33 million . The extension was confirmed to The Associated Press by a person with knowledge of the agreement , speaking on condition of anonymity because it remains unsigned . less FILE - In this May 4 , 2018 , file photo , Utah Jazz guard Dante Exum ( 11 ) lays the ball up as Houston Rockets forward Trevor Ariza , right , defends during the second half in Game 3 of an NBA basketball ... more Photo : Rick Bowmer , AP Free agency trend : Stay home , or sign short deals 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
For those seeking the trend in NBA free agency this year , it 's this : Most players are either staying put , or taking short-term deals that allow them to hit the market again next summer .
Such was largely the case Tuesday .
Utah kept two of its free agents , agreeing to extensions with Dante Exum ( three years , $ 33 million ) and Raul Neto ( two years , $ 4.4 million ) . Avery Bradley , in a deal that was struck late Monday night , is also staying put — coming to terms with the Los Angeles Clippers on a two-year contract worth $ 25 million .
Most of the other known deals that were made on Day 3 of free agency were all of the short-term variety .
Tyreke Evans got $ 12 million to spend next season with the Indiana Pacers . Jeff Green agreed to terms on a $ 2.4 million , one-year deal with Washington — which is expected to seek another one-year pact with Dwight Howard later this month when he finalizes his Brooklyn buyout — and Michael Carter-Williams got a veteran 's minimum deal to play in Houston next season .
All the deals were confirmed to The Associated Press by people familiar with the negotiations , all of whom spoke on condition of anonymity because the NBA offseason moratorium on signings does not end until Friday .
The Jazz have quietly crossed off many items on their summertime wish list , with general manager Dennis Lindsey going into free agency saying he wanted to keep all three of his team 's internal free agents .
Check . Check . And check . The deals with Exum and Neto came one day after Utah agreed to keep Derrick Favors on a two-year , $ 36 million deal .
Evans will give Indiana 's offense a lift . He 's a proven scorer , someone who expanded his 3-point ability last season when he averaged 19.4 points per game with Memphis .
Green fills a big-man void , after the Wizards traded away starting center Marcin Gortat — the hole that Howard conceivably will fill — and losing backup power forward Mike Scott to free agency . Green , who turns 32 in August , spent last season with the Eastern Conference champion Cleveland Cavaliers .
Carter-Williams gives Houston some guard depth behind MVP James Harden and Chris Paul , and Houston gives Carter-Williams yet another chance to restart what was a very promising career . He was the NBA 's rookie of the year for Philadelphia in 2013-14 when he averaged 16.7 points per game . But his scoring average has dropped each year since , and the Rockets will be his fifth team in six seasons .
With LeBron James being a very obvious exception — getting four years to leave Cleveland for the Los Angeles Lakers — most of the biggest signings so far have been players staying home . Those include Paul staying with Houston , Nikola Jokic with Denver , Paul George with Oklahoma City , Aaron Gordon with Orlando , Golden State 's Kevin Durant and Denver 's Will Barton .
Outside of James , the biggest-money deal that involves someone filing a change-of-address card is Dallas ' $ 24.1 million agreement with DeAndre Jordan . But even that one falls into the short-term trend , since that 's just for next season .
___
AP Sports Writer Howard Fendrich in London contributed .
___
More AP NBA : www.apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
TEHRAN , April 29 Iran 's Oil Minister said on Saturday OPEC and non-OPEC countries had given positive signals for an extension of output cuts , which Tehran would also back .
`` During these last days we received a positive signal from OPEC members and non-OPEC contributors in this agreement for cutting the production for extending this agreement for the second half of 2017 , '' Bijan Zanganeh told reporters .
Zanganeh blamed the United States for lack of foreign investment in Iran 's energy sector , citing political pressure on international oil companies . ( Writing by Parisa Hafezi ; editing by John Stonestreet )
São Paulo , April 10 Brazilian apparel retailer Lojas Riachuelo SA , controlled by Guararapes Confecções SA , will launch its e-commerce division later this month , the company said on Monday , as a way to boost sales during the country 's worst recession in over a century .
Riachuelo has invested 28 million reais ( $ 9 million ) in the online unit , which will sell all 15,000 items available in its brick and mortar stores , it said in a statement .
Online channels have helped rival Brazilian apparel retailer Lojas Renner SA outperform the sector in recent years .
Riachuelo 's late arrival to e-commerce has allowed the company to design a business model more likely to succeed , online head Jonas Ferreira said in the statement , noting that e-commerce will be as integrated as possible with the chain 's 291 stores .
Online retailers have been outperforming traditional brick and mortar chains in Brazil , raising sales 7.4 percent in nominal terms in 2016 from 2015 while order volumes were roughly flat , according to data from consultancy Ebit .
Sales volumes at traditional retailers fell 6.2 percent over the same period , according to national statistics agency IBGE .
( $ 1 = 3.1359 reais ) ( Reporting by Paula Arend Laier ; Writing by Tatiana Bautzer ; Editing by Richard Chang )
× Gunman robs McDonald 's during breakfast-time crime
HENRICO COUNTY , Va. — Police are looking for a gunman who robbed a McDonald 's restaurant in Henrico County .
A man with a gun walked into the restaurant , located at 5106 9 Mile Road , at about 10:30 a.m. Friday .
He displayed the weapon and took money from the fast food restaurant , according to a Henrico Police spokesperson .
No shots were fired during the robbery and no one was hurt .
The gunman , who was described vaguely by police as a black male , was last seen running towards the back of the fast food restaurant .
Witnesses can send news tips and photos here .
Anyone with information about the crime can call Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000 .
April 10 Anconia Resources Corp -
* Exercising its option to obtain a 100 % ownership interest in Grenfell Gold property in Kirkland Lake , Ontario
* Anconia holds a 60 % interest in this property under an Darn in - option agreement executed in 2014
* Anconia will issue 5 million common shares to Cadillac Ventures Holdings ( `` cadillac '' ) to acquire remaining 40 % of property Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
Lawton firefighters suspect arson to be the cause of a house fire at 1407 SW J around 4:30 a.m. Thursday .
Police Officer Brandon Newhouse reported that Assistant Fire Marshal Michael Wright said the house did not have any utility service that could have started the fire , which indicates the fire was `` mostly likely '' set .
Thursday morning 's house fire was the third fire in city limits within a week that the fire marshal 's office has suspected to be arson and continues to investigate as such .
The other two fires were on Wednesday and on Jan. 26 .
Wednesday 's fire broke out around 1:20 a.m. in a vacant mobile home , 2318 SW G , and authorities speculate that a squatter initiated it , Officer Tina Bendele reported .
The fire on Jan. 26 burned a field near Southwest 82nd Street and Coombs Road . The fire was described as half the size of football field .
BARCELONA Sevilla 's visionary sporting director Ramon Rodriguez 'Monchi ' is to leave the club after 17 years , he announced on Friday , as well as confirming he has spoken to Roma about joining the Serie A club but denying he has signed a deal with them .
Monchi is regarded as the architect of Sevilla 's sustained success in the 21st century , with nine of the 13 trophies in the club 's 127-year history coming since the former goalkeeper became sporting director in 2000 .
In that time the club have won two Uefa Cups and three successive Europa Leagues , two King 's Cups , a Spanish Super Cup and a European Super Cup .
A former goalkeeper for Sevilla from 1990 to 1999 , Monchi is renowned for his record of bringing talented players to the club on a slender budget , attracting the likes of Dani Alves , Ivan Rakitic , Julio Baptista , Gzregorz Krychowiak and Kevin Gameiro and selling them on for far bigger fees .
Sevilla have earned a reported 300 million euros ( 256.51 million pounds ) from player sales during Monchi 's tenure as sporting director , leaving a surplus of 150 million euros .
His transfer record has made him a target for a host of European clubs , and Monchi said a number of clubs had tried to recruit him , with Roma making the biggest effort . He confirmed a meeting with the Serie A club 's American owner James Pallotta in London last week .
`` I have n't signed any deal with anyone but Roma have shown the most interest in me . It 's true that I met with Roma the other day in London , '' Monchi told a news conference on Friday .
`` I would like to apologise to the president because I did n't warn him about it , but I just listened to their project , nothing else . I still have to decide where I go . ''
Sevilla are third in the La Liga standings on 57 points , eight adrift of leaders Real Madrid , and were recently eliminated from the last 16 stage of the Champions League by Leicester City .
`` We did everything possible for Monchi to stay but we 've decided to come to an agreement . Monchi wanted to leave and that 's what he 's decided to do , '' said Sevilla president Jose Castro .
The sporting director said Sevilla had tried to convince him to stay and offered him an improved contract but he was leaving because he wanted a change .
`` It 's not a professional issue , it 's a very personal thing , I 'm exhausted . I 've been here 29 years , 17 as a sporting director . I wanted to leave last May . Perhaps I did n't go about it in the right way but the idea remained , '' he said .
`` The club tried to convince me to stay in every way possible , with kinds words , with financial rewards , including an offer I would never have got at any other club , but I need to take a breath of fresh air . ''
( Reporting by Richard Martin ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Former Richmond police officer was Charles Church was sentenced Friday to life in prison for sex crimes against a child .
In July 2017 , Church , 41 , was found guilty of one count of object sexual penetration of a victim under the age of 13 , one count of sodomy of a victim under the age of 13 and two counts of obstruction of justice .
Charles Church served on the Richmond police force 12 years before he was indicted in May 2017 .
The life sentence was recommended by a Richmond jury and is the mandatory punishment for the object sexual penetration charge .
Investigators said Church sexually assaulted a juvenile female under the age of 13 on November 2 , 2015 . During Church 's three-day trial , forensic experts testified that none of his DNA was found on the body of the alleged victim , but that it was found on a pair of her underwear .
A DNA expert for the defense testified that there could have been another person 's DNA on the underwear as well , which would prove their theory that Church 's DNA came from his clothes being in the same laundry basket and not sexual contact .
Defense attorneys also told the jury that the girl 's story had changed multiple times , but prosecutors countered and said she was just 11 at the time of the alleged assault , and that children process memories and details differently .
Church was at one point also accused of receiving child pornography which resulted in separate federal charges , but those charges were dismissed after a judge ruled the evidence gathered was obtained through an illegal search .
A television cameraman is reflected on a television screen displaying the Shaw logo during the Shaw AGM in Calgary , Alberta , January 14 , 2014 . REUTERS/Todd Korol
Shaw Communications ( SJRb.TO ) is looking for a buyer for ViaWest , the U.S. data center company it bought three years ago , according to people familiar with the matter , as the Canadian cable company continues to shed assets it considers non-core .
The sale of ViaWest would be Shaw 's latest step to streamline its operations . Last year it sold its media assets to sister company Corus Entertainment Inc ( CJRb.TO ) for C $ 2.65 billion , and used some of the proceeds for its C $ 1.6 billion purchase of Wind Mobile .
Shaw is working with Toronto-Dominion Bank ( TD.TO ) on an auction for ViaWest , the people said on Friday , asking not to be identified because the matter is confidential . There is no guarantee a sale will occur , the sources added .
Shaw is hoping to fetch for ViaWest well over the $ 1.2 billion it paid to acquire it in 2014 from private equity firms Oak Hill Capital Partners and GI Partners , according to the sources .
Shaw declined to comment , while TD Bank did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Analysts had been calling on Shaw to sell its data centers after U.S. telecommunications firms Verizon Communications Inc ( VZ.N ) and CenturyLink Inc ( CTL.N ) reaped several billions of dollars in sales after agreeing to sell their portfolios last year .
`` ViaWest is an asset that has potentially material value but currently relatively low cash flow , '' Macquarie Research analyst Greg MacDonald said .
However , data center divestitures can also be challenging , because they involve separating assets that are deeply integrated into a telecommunications network . AT & T Inc ( T.N ) , for example , scrapped an earlier plan to sell its data centers .
Shaw has been investing in its wireless business and rebranded Wind last year as Freedom Mobile , Canada 's fourth largest wireless company , although it is much smaller than the wireless units of BCE Inc ( BCE.TO ) , Rogers Communications Inc ( RCIb.TO ) and Telus Corp ( T.TO ) , Shaw 's main rivals in Canada 's western provinces .
Shaw 's business infrastructure services division , which consists of primarily ViaWest , last year generated C $ 123 million in operating income before restructuring costs and amortization , according to its annual report .
Private equity firms or companies that specialize in data centers , such as Equinix Inc ( EQIX.O ) and Digital Realty Trust Inc ( DLR.N ) , have been active buyers of assets .
ViaWest owns about 30 data centers in several U.S. states including Colorado , Nevada , and Minnesota , according to its website . Under Shaw , ViaWest has made small acquisitions to bulk up the unit in recent years , including a deal to buy information technology provider INetU Inc for $ 162.5 million last year .
( Reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Francisco and John Tilak in Toronto ; Additional reporting by Alastair Sharp in Toronto ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
`` I think everyone in the league sort of envies their success to some extent , and rightfully so , '' said Philadelphia Eagles coach Doug Pederson , whose team will try to take down the Patriots this time around . `` They 've been there , done that many times , and that 's something that every other team would love to have . ''
Those who focus solely on this Groundhog Day-like moment miss the bigger picture .
It all began way back in 2001 , just days after the horror of 9-11 , when Brady took over as quarterback for longtime starter Drew Bledsoe , who went down with an injury after signing a 10-year contract extension .
With their unheralded , sixth-round draft pick leading the way , the Patriots went on to capture the first of what has grown to five Super Bowl titles .
But , in a sense , those crowns are merely the toppers on an enormous cake .
More impressive in our eyes are the 17 straight winning seasons , only one with fewer than 10 victories . More impressive are the 15 AFC East championships , including the current run of nine in a row . More impressive are the 12 appearances — and eight triumphs — in the AFC championship game . More impressive is staying on top with an ever-changing cast of characters , accumulated through all manner of signings , trades and late-round draft picks .
Ever changing , that is , except for Belichick 's singularly focused coaching genius and the 40-year-old Brady 's age-defying excellence on the field .
For those looking for a respite , do n't count on it anytime soon . Even that scathing ESPN article , which alleged a major rift between Belichick and Brady ( and was quickly denied by all ) , sounded a bit like wishful thinking .
Asked if he 's thought about how long he wants to coach , Belichick gave a typical response .
`` My focus is on Sunday , '' the 65-year-old droned . `` That 's my window right now . ''
Brady was downright defiant about his desire to keep playing .
`` Why does everyone want me to retire so bad ? '' he said . `` I do n't get it . I 'm having fun . The team 's doing good . I know I 'm a little bit older than most of the other guys , but I 'm really enjoying it . ''
Of course , there are those that will say the Patriots cheated their way to the top , and there 's no denying they claimed a virtual monopoly on `` gates '' with accusations of spying on opponents and deflating footballs .
And , sure , they 've carried themselves with all the smugness of a team that knows it 's better than everyone else . For instance , their most recent championship rings came with 283 diamonds , a karated commemoration of New England 's historic comeback from a 28-3 deficit in last year 's Super Bowl .
Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank , whose team was on the wrong end of that comeback , was not amused by the not-so-subtle jab . In August , he confronted his New England counterpart , Robert Kraft .
`` I said to Robert , 'You did n't have to do the 28-3 in the ring , ' '' Blank said in a New York Times Magazine article chronicling the 2016 season . `` It kind of ( ticked ) me off . ''
The Falcons wo n't get a chance at revenge . Not this year , at least .
They were eliminated on the second weekend of the playoffs by the Eagles .
The Patriots , to no one 's surprise , are back again .
Yeah , it 's getting a little old .
But , before you flip the channel Sunday , take a moment to savour the greatness .
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press . Write to him at pnewberry @ ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/paul % 20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage : www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry , The Associated Press
WEST HARTFORD , Conn. — J.R. Lynch had 21 points and six rebounds , Travis Weatherington made four 3-pointers and scored 18 points , and Hartford beat Sacred Heart 86-72 on Monday night .
Sacred Heart pulled within 10 points with 1:46 remaining in the game but Weatherington made two 3-pointers 33 seconds apart to extend Hartford 's lead to 84-68 .
Jason Dunne added three 3-pointers and 17 points for Hartford ( 5-6 ) . John Carroll had 12 points and Hassan Attia seven blocks .
Hartford led 34-33 at halftime and scored 11 of the first 15 points of the second half to push its advantage to eight points . Dunne had 11 points in the half and Carroll added 10 .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump on Wednesday called for unity in the wake of the shooting at a Republican congressional baseball practice that injured five people , including a top House Republican .
`` We may have our differences , but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation 's capital is here because above all they love our country , '' Trump said from the White House . `` We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans . That our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace . That we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good . ''
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , a congressional staffer , lobbyist and two law enforcement officials suffered gunshot wounds after a shooter opened fire on Republican members of Congress who were playing baseball at a field in Alexandria , Virginia .
Trump announced that the alleged shooter , identified to CNN from federal law enforcement sources as James T. Hodgkinson , died of his injuries . Law enforcement officials are still investigating the motive behind the shooting . Two members of Congress said Hodgkins asked them whether the players on the field were Democrats or Republicans .
The shooting marks the first time a sitting member of Congress has been shot since Rep. Gabby Giffords was targeted by a gunman in 2011 .
Trump praised Scalise as `` a patriot '' and `` a fighter '' and said Scalise has the prayers of the `` entire nation '' behind him .
`` He will recover from this assault and , Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you but of an entire nation and frankly the entire world , '' Trump said . `` America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this shooting . ''
Trump praised the Capitol Police officers who fired back at the shooter for their `` heroism '' and called on Americans to `` take a moment today to cherish those you love and always remember those who serve and keep us safe . ''
Trump canceled a scheduled event at the Labor Department soon after the shooting took place , and the White House has said both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence received updates on the shooting .
In the wake of the shooting , Trump spoke over the phone with House Speaker Paul Ryan , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , Scalise 's wife and his chief of staff , as well as the Capitol Police chief .
Peter Andre always wanted to launch a Hollywood career in his forties .
The 'Mysterious Girl ' singer is preparing to jet off to America to shoot two movies and whether they do well or not , he 's just thrilled to be living his dream .
He said : `` I leave in March to start filming two moves in LA .
`` I ca n't tell you any more , which is a bit of a nightmare , but I 'm so excited .
`` I always said I wanted to go into movies in my forties - it was always my dream .
`` So whatever happens , I 'm filming in LA - as if I could ask for anything more . ''
The 44-year-old star - who has Junior , 12 , and 10-year-old Princess with ex-wife Katie Price and Amelia , four , and 14-month-old Theo with spouse Emily - has n't been honing his craft in advance but he 's confident in his abilities because he always did well in drama class at school .
Asked if he 's been honing his skills , he said : `` Not really . I 've done read-throughs , but I 'm going to speak to people because I want to be really good .
`` The thing is , I grew up acting at school and I was one of the highest achievers , I got an A+ .
`` Funnily enough , I failed at music , I was terrible at it at school .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Apac Resources Ltd :
* UNIT TO BUY SALE SHARES , 38.09 % OFTOTAL ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL​OF TANAMI GOLD NL , FOR A $ 20.1 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
Showcasing a sister city
NORWALK — Two photographers arrived in Nagarote , Nicaragua — Norwalk 's sister city — this January with a large format camera and powdered darkroom chemistry in their bags .
One week later , a group of students ages 8 through 18 had assembled a series of portraits , ranging from unposed domestic scenes to photographs capturing children 's sense of adventure .
Those pictures are now on display at 22 Haviland Gallery , which will have its closing reception on Thursday from 6 to 9 p.m . The exhibit is both a showcase of the students ' work and a fundraiser for NicaPhoto , the Norwalk-based nonprofit afterschool program that organized the workshop and also offers other educational programs throughout the year . All photos are for sale and proceeds fund future work at the nonprofit .
As Dennis Bradbury , the owner of the homey , incense-scented gallery , walked into the front room , she reflected on the space 's past . “ We 've now had more than 140 shows and events here , and it 's been such a gift , ” she said . In fact , it was a photography show at the gallery that connected the founder of NicaPhoto to Nagarote about 13 years ago .
Bradbury was on the board of the Norwalk/Nagarote Sister City Project , founded during the Contra War to provide aid . And at the show , Bradbury invited Ronnie Maher , a Brien McMahon graduate and freelance photographer , to get involved .
“ I said , ‘ You should come to a meeting , ' ” Bradbury recalled . “ Next thing I knew , she had joined the board and moved to Nicaragua . ”
Maher said that after getting to know people who lived in Nagarote through photography workshops and community service — she and others went out to take free professional portraits of families as Christmas gifts — she moved to the city with a shoestring budget to found NicaPhoto . The program has since expanded to provide education , art and personal development programs to over 100 students , with a waiting list of about 50 more .
“ The idea is they start with us and continue with us until they complete their education , ” Maher said . Already , about 10 of the students who started with NicaPhoto are in college , a huge milestone according to Maher .
“ Some of them are the first in their families to graduate from high school . Some of them are the first to graduate from elementary school , ” she explained . “ So college is a really big step . ”
The photo exhibit includes portraits of the students shot on a large-format camera . For the portraits , students collaborated with Lesley University Master of Fine Arts student Casey M. Cullen , the students planning the frame and pose and Cullen shooting the image . The students look beaming , contemplative , at ease . Maher pointed out one student , a senior , who plans to be an engineer ; in his portraits , he sits cross-legged , a broad smile across his face .
In the back room are family portraits by Cullen , including a seamstress , sweatshop worker and cleaner , and Maher 's iPhone pictures of the half-acre garden where students learn about organic gardening and grow some of the produce included in the program 's free lunches .
Maher believes those free lunches could become increasingly important as economic consequences of civil unrest — which began as student protests against a proposed change to social security and spiraled into calls for greater democracy after police killed dozens of demonstrators — become felt .
“ Nagarote has remained peaceful , thank God , ” Maher said of the protests . “ [ But ] if there 's more unemployment and the cost of food continues to go up , then the work we do becomes even more important , ” she said .
Sponsors can fund the cost of lunch for one child for $ 10 dollars a month , or cover the cost of a scholarship for $ 100 a month . Those interested in giving can contact Maher at r emaherphoto @ gmail.com .
Aside from free healthy hot meals and educational support through college , Maher said the program also provides stability during a time of political uncertainty . “ And for us , there 's an importance to providing that sense of normalcy . ”
rschuetz @ hearstmediact.com ; @ raschuetz
ARLINGTON , Texas — A person with direct knowledge of the deal says the Texas Rangers and right-hander Chris Martin have agreed on a $ 4 million , two-year contract after the reliever spent the past two seasons in Japan .
The Rangers will be Martin 's third major league team after previous stints with Colorado and the New York Yankees . The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Monday because the deal was pending a physical .
It 's the second time in recent years the Rangers have tried to bolster their bullpen with someone who pitched in Japan , and this is a homegrown talent . The 31-year-old Martin went to Arlington High School before a long road that finally reached the majors with the Rockies in 2014 .
Two years ago , the Rangers signed Tony Barnette after the right-hander spent six seasons in Japan . He signed for a third season in Texas earlier this month .
New York City Police officers ( NYPD ) escort a protestor after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York City , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Protestors sit down in the lobby of Trump Tower as New York City Police officers ( NYPD ) prepare to make arrests in New York City , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
New York City Police officers ( NYPD ) carry and escorts protestors after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York City , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A New York City Police officers ( NYPD ) carry and escort protestors after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York City , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A New York City Police officer ( NYPD ) escorts protestors after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
New York City Police officers ( NYPD ) escort protestors after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York City , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A New York City Police officer ( NYPD ) escorts protestors after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid - RTX35GN6
New York City Police officers ( NYPD ) carry a protestor after making arrests for demonstrating in Trump Tower in New York City , U.S. , April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK police on Thursday arrested 25 people in the lobby of Trump Tower protesting U.S. President Donald Trump 's immigration and border policies .
The demonstrators who sat in front of the elevators and chanted `` no ban , no raids , no wall ! '' led security forces to close public accesses to the president 's signature property , a commercial and residential skyscraper where first lady Melania Trump and son Barron Trump stay while the president is in Washington .
As heavily armed police wearing ballistic vests stood guard blocking the entrances , other officers carried the protesters to police vans .
The building in the heart of the Fifth Avenue shopping district was also home to Trump 's campaign and has been his primary residence for years . The lobby is open to the public , though security was tightened as the 2016 campaign progressed and he was elected president .
Charges were pending , a police said in a statement .
The demonstrators wore T-shirts with slogans such as `` No wall , '' in reference to Trump 's proposal to build a wall on the southern border with Mexico , and `` No raids , '' referring to U.S. arrests of suspected undocumented immigrants .
`` No ban '' refers to Trump 's executive orders seeking to restrict immigration from several Muslim-majority countries .
( Reporting by Daniel Trotta ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
They say opposites attract . But these days , maybe not so much .
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply .
`` This was like a dealbreaker for me , '' says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area . `` If you are Trump supporter , I 'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee . ''
It 's not just an issue of party politics , Jagosz says . It 's about core values . Love , she says , can not conquer all .
`` If you do n't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that 's OK — I do n't wan na date you if you think that behavior 's OK , '' Jagosz says . `` If that 's not a dealbreaker for you , then you and I have nothing to talk about . ''
As another single put it in her profile , `` Red hats need not apply . ''
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with `` Make America Great Again '' — have been feeling the same way .
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com .
`` Yeah , it 's both ways , '' Goss says . `` You know , like a liberal does n't want to date a Nazi . And a republican does n't want to date , well , a whiny snowflake , and that 's what they 're viewing each other as . ''
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they 're sick of the `` lefties '' refusing to even give them a chance .
`` [ The liberals ] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh , you must be a racist ; oh , you must be a homophobe ; oh , you must be a misogynist , ' `` Goss says . `` They 're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them . ''
Helen Fisher , the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com , says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum .
`` There 's a real distinct difference that we 're seeing today , and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views , '' she says .
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum . And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around .
`` I think it 's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK , you like this person , well , you must be like that person then , ' `` Fisher says . `` America is taking this very , very personally . No question about it . ''
Looking back now , it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993 .
As Carville famously put it once , `` You can love the sinner and hate the sin . ''
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree .
But today , singles seem to be saying they just ca n't do that .
`` I mean , I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other , but it 's just not going to work that way , '' Goss says .
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members . LiberalHearts.com , founded by Salvatore Prano , is up to nearly 50,000 .
`` There 's more activity now than ever , '' Prano says . `` I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other 's arms . ''
But there is one other option for lonely liberals . Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com , a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians `` to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency . '' Goldman became his own first client .
`` I ca n't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [ after the election ] , '' he says . `` That 's not the country I want to live in . So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values , like Canada . ''
It may be better than the alternative . According to the new Match.com survey , a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all .
Until the fried cheese tradition made it to northern and eastern Europe , where they fried things in schmaltz ( animal fat ) .
`` Obviously , with kosher rules , '' Frankel explained , `` you ca n't fry anything with cheese in schmaltz . ''
Mixing dairy and meat is banned in Jewish dietary laws .
`` So they changed the cheese out for potatoes . It was something people ate a lot of ; they were filling , they were plentiful . ''
This brings us to a shocking revelation . Though the original latkes were cheese latkes , the Ashkenazic Jews ( who brought the latke to America ) subbed potatoes .
And thus was born the latke that we all love today .
Judith 's Cheese Pastries
Adapted from `` A Treasury of Jewish Holiday Baking '' by Marcy Goldman , these pastries symbolize the cheese cakes that Judith served to Holofernes . Farmer cheese is a form of cottage cheese with most of the liquid pressed out , giving it a solid , crumbly texture . For best results , refrigerate the dough eight hours or overnight .
Makes 24 to 30 pieces
Cheese pastry dough :
2½ cups flour
½ teaspoon salt
¼ cup sugar
2 tsp baking powder
2 sticks ( 1 cup ) cold unsalted butter , cut into 16 pieces
1 cup farmer cheese
2 tsp finely minced lemon zest
1 tsp fresh lemon juice
1 tsp vanilla extract
Filling :
½ pound cream cheese
½ pound farmer cheese
½ cup sugar
1 tablespoon flour
1 tsp finely minced lemon zest
1 egg
½ tsp vanilla extract
Pinch of salt
Topping :
4 tbsp melted butter
Powdered sugar
Prep : 1 hour , 45 minutes . Chill : overnight ; cook : 25 to 30 minutes
1 . For the dough , sift the dry ingredients together in a large bowl ; cut in the butter until the mixture resembles small crumbs . Blend in the farmer cheese to make a soft dough ; then the lemon zest , lemon juice and vanilla . ( For a food processor , pulse the dry ingredients together until combined . Add the butter ; pulse until mixture resembles small crumbs . Add remaining ingredients ; pulse until dough comes together . Knead on a lightly floured board to form a smooth ball . ) Wrap the dough in plastic , and refrigerate overnight .
2 . For the filling , cream the cream cheese , farmer cheese and sugar together in a bowl until blended . Stir in remaining ingredients to make a thick filling . Refrigerate until ready to use .
3 . Heat oven to 350 degrees . Line two baking sheets with parchment paper .
4 . On a lightly floured surface , divide the chilled dough in half and roll each half into a 9-by-12-inch rectangle . Lightly brush each rectangle with 1 tablespoon melted butter .
5 . Spread half of the cheese filling on each rectangle , leaving a 1-inch plain border all around . Fold in the two shorter ends on each rectangle . Beginning with the longer side , roll each piece into a log but stop halfway . Cut off the remaining half of each piece and repeat , making another log . Each portion of dough will make two narrow logs .
6 . Brush the tops of the four logs with the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter . Chill , 10 to 15 minutes .
7 . Remove logs from the fridge ; cut them into 2-inch pastries . Place the pastries on the baking sheets . Bake until tops are golden brown , 25 to 30 minutes . Cool slightly , then dust with powdered sugar .
Per serving ( for 30 pieces ) : 179 calories , 12 grams fat , 7 g saturated fat , 39 milligrams cholesterol , 15 g carbohydrates , 7 g sugar , 4 g protein , 124 mg sodium , 0 g fibre
Chicago Tribune
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women .
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services , the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection .
`` This provides an exemption and it 's a limited one , '' said Roger Severino , director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights . `` We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination . ''
He said he expects most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women . The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately .
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption , leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket .
`` It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees , '' says Dania Palanker , a professor at Georgetown 's Center on Health Insurance Reform .
The change fulfills a promise Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden . The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement .
The Affordable Care Act requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care . After the law passed , HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services , and birth control , including `` all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods , sterilization procedures , and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity . ''
But the policy was controversial from the start .
Several companies and religious groups sued , saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom .
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches , and allowed other `` religious employers '' to opt out by notifying the government . When they did so , the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly , without the employers ' involvement .
But the Little Sisters of the Poor were n't happy with that workaround and sued .
The group 's case , and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores , went to the Supreme Court .
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014 , saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds . And then , last year , the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case , saying the government should n't fine the nuns , but also ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs .
Before a deal was reached , Donald Trump became president .
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May , he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules . `` You 're long ordeal will soon be over , '' he promised .
Under the new rule , women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround . A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday , and the Little Sisters of the Poor did n't respond to NPR 's emails seeking comment .
Hobby Lobby 's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013 , `` Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families . ''
HHS officials said they do n't expect many companies to seek waivers . They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those approximately 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued .
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger . There are a lot of large private companies , she says , whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government .
Hobby Lobby has 32,000 employees .
`` A lot of women will retain birth control coverage , '' Palanker says , `` but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage . ''
That means they 'll find themselves paying out of pocket . A one-month 's supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $ 4 to $ 55 or more , according to GoodRX.com .
Longer-acting contraception , like an IUD , can cost more than $ 1,000 , says Sarah Lipton-Lubet , a vice-president of the National Partnership for Women and Families . She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women .
`` Women should n't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers ' religious beliefs , '' she says . `` We all have the right to our religious beliefs . But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate . ''
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion . The agency will issue guidelines for insurers today on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $ 12 a year more for such a policy , and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions .
The Trump administration 's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception .
RICHMOND , Va. – The Science Center at the University of Richmond was evacuated due to a fire Wednesday evening .
The building is located at 35 West Hampton Way .
Richmond Fire said when they arrived to the scene they located a chemical fire in the third floor of the building . A HAZMAT crew also responded to the scene .
An UR alert sent to students told them to evacuate the building immediately and to avoid using elevators .
UR Alert : Fire . Evacuate Science Center immediately . Follow instructions from authorities . Avoid elevators . Call 8 9 1 1 for help . Avoid a — Univ . of Richmond ( @ urichmond ) June 14 , 2017
Another alert said the fire is an ongoing situation and police are requesting that students avoid the area and await further instructions .
The fire has since been marked under control , according to officials .
Those officials said there were no injuries during the building fire .
Stay with CBS 6 for the latest on this developing story .
* Benchmark 10-year bond yield falls to lowest in two months
* State-run banks refuse to lend bonds in repo on surplus cash
* Traders cut loss after massive short positions left uncovered
By Suvashree Choudhury
MUMBAI , April 3 India 's benchmark 10-year bond rallied to its highest level in two months , as traders who had shorted the debt rushed to cover positions by buying the paper in spot markets after being unable to secure them through the inter-bank repo market .
The scramble for bonds came after some traders on Friday shorted the 6.97 percent bond due in 2026 and needed to secure the bonds on Monday to settle their trades .
Typically traders do n't need to buy the debt outright , they can instead borrow the bonds to settle the trades . But state-run banks on Monday refused to lend out bonds in the repo market , forcing the traders with short positions to buy the debt in spot markets in what is known as a `` repo squeeze '' .
As a result , the 2026 bond yield fell as much as 14 basis points to 6.55 percent , its lowest since Feb. 8 , from Friday 's close of 6.69 percent .
It rose to 6.59 percent later in the day , as banks started lending out some of the securities in repo markets .
Banks reluctant to lend out cash said they did n't need more funds since the sector was already flush with cash , after a ban on higher-value banknotes last year led to a surge in deposits .
`` If I add more to the cash ... I will have to answer to my top management and there will be an audit of my positions as well , '' said a senior treasury official at a large state-run bank , declining to be named given the sensitivity of the issue .
`` Why should I take such headache to make money for just one day ? ''
The incidents on Monday mark the latest repo squeeze to take place in India since the note ban . The last repo squeeze took place on March 3 .
The short positions were placed on Friday as some traders bet prices would fall after state-run banks bought 150 billion rupees ( $ 2.31 billion ) of bonds in the last day of the 2016/17 fiscal year .
Traders predicted the bond rally would likely reverse itself once the short positions are settled , with caution likely to grow ahead of the Reserve Bank of India 's policy meeting on Thursday . Most analysts expect no changes in interest rates .
`` Everyone is scrambling to meet their delivery obligations today to avoid a regulatory default but there are no stocks available , '' said a senior official at a primary dealership firm . ( $ 1 = 64.8700 Indian rupees ) ( Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
* Top lender Bangkok Bank Q1 profit down 0.15 pct yr/yr
* Most banks report weaker-than-expected profits
* NPLs higher at most banks as economic recovery slow
By Orathai Sriring
BANGKOK , April 20 Most major Thai banks reported weaker-than-expected quarterly earnings on Thursday as they booked higher provisions for bad debt , with loans weak amid a tepid recovery in the country 's economy .
Growth in Southeast Asia 's second-largest economy has lagged its regional peers despite the military government 's efforts to ramp up spending and investment .
Bangkok Bank Pcl , Thailand 's top lender by assets , reported a first-quarter net profit of 8.3 billion baht ( $ 241.42 million ) , down 0.15 percent from a year earlier .
That was below the average forecast of 8.6 billion baht by four analysts polled by Reuters .
The bank 's set aside 5.8 billion baht in the March quarter , a 59 percent jump in provisions , as non-performing loans ( NPLs ) rose to 3.5 percent of lending from 3.2 percent at the end of 2016 .
The bank 's lending contracted 0.9 percent in the first quarter from the previous three months , it said . It blamed weak domestic activity and highlighted risks , saying `` the economy , despite having a better outlook , still faces a considerable degree of uncertainty . ''
Third-ranked Siam Commercial Bank 's net profit rose 1 percent rise in the first quarter to 11.9 billion , but that missed market expectations . It set aside 5 billion baht in the March quarter , when NPLs rose to 2.7 percent of lending .
The fourth-biggest lender , Kasikornbank Pcl , reported a smaller-than-expected 5.4 percent rise in first-quarter net profit .
Krung Thai Bank Pcl , Thailand 's second-largest lender , reported a 13 percent rise in first-quarter net profit as provisioning expenses fell 13.5 percent .
But its non-performing loans rose to 4.36 percent of lending from 3.97 percent at end-2016 , raising concern its provisioning will rise later this year .
Fitch Ratings said in January Thai banks ' profits were likely to remain under pressure from asset-quality issues and slow fee-income growth .
( $ 1 = 34.3800 baht ) ( Editing by Larry King )
CT Forecast
CT Forecast for Friday , July 6 , 2018
_____
City/Town ; Weather Condition ; High Temp ( F ) ; Low Temp ( F ) ; Wind Direction ; Wind Speed ( MPH ) ; Humidity ( % ) ; Chance of Precip . ( % ) ; UV Index
Bridgeport ; Partly sunny , humid ; 86 ; 75 ; SSW ; 8 ; 76 % ; 35 % ; 10
Chester ; Humid with some sun ; 86 ; 74 ; SSW ; 7 ; 76 % ; 35 % ; 9
Danbury ; Humid with some sun ; 86 ; 71 ; SSW ; 7 ; 76 % ; 67 % ; 10
Groton ; Partly sunny , humid ; 82 ; 72 ; SSW ; 8 ; 85 % ; 30 % ; 10
Hartford ; Sun and some clouds ; 90 ; 74 ; SSW ; 8 ; 69 % ; 66 % ; 10
Meriden ; Partly sunny , humid ; 88 ; 73 ; SSW ; 7 ; 71 % ; 35 % ; 10
New Haven ; Humid with some sun ; 86 ; 75 ; SSW ; 7 ; 80 % ; 33 % ; 10
Oxford ; Partly sunny , humid ; 85 ; 72 ; SSW ; 7 ; 80 % ; 66 % ; 10
Willimantic ; Some sun , very warm ; 89 ; 74 ; SSW ; 7 ; 71 % ; 33 % ; 10
Windsor Locks ; Hot with some sun ; 91 ; 75 ; SSW ; 8 ; 67 % ; 69 % ; 10
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
March 29 O-uccino Inc :
* Says it will fully acquire Seven Signatures International ( SSI ) through stock swap on May 1
* Says one share of SSI 's stock will be exchanged with 8.13 shares of the company 's stock
* 48,780 shares of the company 's stock will be exchanged
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/TAyXe3
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
TX Marine Warning and Forecast
TX Marine Warnings and Forecast for Wednesday , July 4 , 2018
_____
SPECIAL MARINE WARNING
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN LEAGUE CITY HAS ISSUED A
* SPECIAL MARINE WARNING FOR ...
COASTAL WATERS FROM FREEPORT TO MATAGORDA SHIP CHANNEL TX OUT 20
NM ...
COASTAL WATERS FROM HIGH ISLAND TO FREEPORT TX OUT 20 NM ...
WATERS FROM FREEPORT TO MATAGORDA SHIP CHANNEL TX FROM 20 TO 60
NM ...
* UNTIL 700 AM CDT .
* AT 600 AM CDT ... A STRONG THUNDERSTORM WAS LOCATED 10 NM SOUTH OF
GALVESTON 344 ... MOVING NORTH AT 10 KNOTS .
HAZARD ... WIND GUSTS 34 KNOTS OR GREATER .
SOURCE ... RADAR .
IMPACT ... SMALL CRAFT COULD BE DAMAGED IN BRIEFLY HIGHER WINDS AND
SUDDENLY HIGHER WAVES .
* LOCATIONS IMPACTED INCLUDE ...
GALVESTON 344 .
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS ...
MOVE TO SAFE HARBOR IMMEDIATELY AS GUSTY WINDS AND HIGH WAVES ARE
EXPECTED .
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN LEAGUE CITY HAS ISSUED A
* SPECIAL MARINE WARNING FOR ...
COASTAL WATERS FROM FREEPORT TO MATAGORDA SHIP CHANNEL TX OUT 20
NM ...
COASTAL WATERS FROM HIGH ISLAND TO FREEPORT TX OUT 20 NM ...
WATERS FROM FREEPORT TO MATAGORDA SHIP CHANNEL TX FROM 20 TO 60
NM ...
* UNTIL 700 AM CDT .
* AT 600 AM CDT ... A STRONG THUNDERSTORM WAS LOCATED 10 NM SOUTH OF
GALVESTON 344 ... MOVING NORTH AT 10 KNOTS .
HAZARD ... WIND GUSTS 34 KNOTS OR GREATER .
SOURCE ... RADAR .
IMPACT ... SMALL CRAFT COULD BE DAMAGED IN BRIEFLY HIGHER WINDS AND
SUDDENLY HIGHER WAVES .
* LOCATIONS IMPACTED INCLUDE ...
GALVESTON 344 .
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS ...
MOVE TO SAFE HARBOR IMMEDIATELY AS GUSTY WINDS AND HIGH WAVES ARE
EXPECTED .
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN LEAGUE CITY HAS ISSUED A
* SPECIAL MARINE WARNING FOR ...
COASTAL WATERS FROM FREEPORT TO MATAGORDA SHIP CHANNEL TX OUT 20
NM ...
COASTAL WATERS FROM HIGH ISLAND TO FREEPORT TX OUT 20 NM ...
WATERS FROM FREEPORT TO MATAGORDA SHIP CHANNEL TX FROM 20 TO 60
NM ...
* UNTIL 700 AM CDT .
* AT 600 AM CDT ... A STRONG THUNDERSTORM WAS LOCATED 10 NM SOUTH OF
GALVESTON 344 ... MOVING NORTH AT 10 KNOTS .
HAZARD ... WIND GUSTS 34 KNOTS OR GREATER .
SOURCE ... RADAR .
IMPACT ... SMALL CRAFT COULD BE DAMAGED IN BRIEFLY HIGHER WINDS AND
SUDDENLY HIGHER WAVES .
* LOCATIONS IMPACTED INCLUDE ...
GALVESTON 344 .
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS ...
MOVE TO SAFE HARBOR IMMEDIATELY AS GUSTY WINDS AND HIGH WAVES ARE
EXPECTED .
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Repeats story that ran earlier with no change to headline or text )
By Suzanne Barlyn
May 2 For nearly two months , American International Group Inc has planned to replace its chief executive but a successor has yet to be named , creating a void that has fueled investor concern about the insurance company 's future .
AIG reports its first-quarter earnings on Wednesday and analysts and investors said they want to know more about AIG 's succession plans . Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock announced on March 9 that he would depart once the board found a replacement , citing a lack of confidence among directors and investors .
But AIG has said little about the board 's progress since then .
Chairman Douglas Steenland has said that AIG 's board remains committed to the existing turnaround effort , but analysts are doubtful over whether a new CEO would carry out Hancock 's strategy .
`` We need to know , '' said Sanford Bernstein analyst Paul Newsome , of the upcoming CEO pick . `` The lack of a CEO puts the strategy for the company completely in play . There 's a very large chance that with a different CEO , you are going to have a change in the strategy , despite what the board says . ''
Hancock 's resignation plans were announced shortly after AIG reported an unexpectedly wide loss on Feb. 14 , saying the company had underestimated for years the claims it would have to pay for a variety of insurance products .
Wall Street is forecasting brighter results when AIG reports later this week . Analysts expect $ 1.1 billion in quarterly profit , or $ 1.08 per share , on average , according to Thomson Reuters data , a 37 percent increase from the year-ago period .
`` The bad fourth quarter sets them up to a better start for this year , '' said Andrew Kohl , a portfolio manager at Alpine Wood Capital , who owns about 4,000 AIG shares in the financial services fund he oversees .
Kohl , who had sold some AIG stock in January as the insurer 's financial difficulties mounted , started to wade back in after media reports that Brian Duperreault , the current head of Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd , was among those being considered as the new CEO . An AIG spokesman said the company does not comment on speculation or rumor .
Several of AIG 's largest investors , including Capital Research Global Investors , The Vanguard Group and State Street Global Advisors , would not comment for this story . But some , including funds overseen by American Funds , T. Rowe Price , American Beacon and Invesco , have been buying AIG shares in recent weeks , according to data provided by Lipper .
Even so , as of Monday 's close , the stock was down 2.9 percent since Hancock announced his planned departure . Year to date , AIG shares are down 5.7 percent compared with a 6.7 percent rise in the S & P 500 Index .
YEARS OF TROUBLE
Hancock 's troubles began in 2015 , when billionaire activists Carl Icahn and John Paulson began building stakes and later acquired board seats .
Icahn , who is AIG 's fourth-largest investor , wanted the insurer to split into three parts . Instead , Hancock embarked on a two-year turnaround plan that involved cutting costs and selling off chunks of the company , intending to return $ 25 billion to shareholders . ( reut.rs/1kp8P4I )
Hancock achieved $ 14.3 billion of that goal from the start of 2016 through Feb. 14 .
Experts have said it would be tough to find someone capable who would want Hancock 's job , given the company 's recent performance , its demanding board and financial difficulties in the broader insurance sector .
Even though rising interest rates are helping insurers ' profits , extreme weather claims , lower premiums and weak sales could all weigh on results in the near-term , analysts said . Despite those broader issues , investors said they expect AIG to improve its bottom line , quickly .
`` You ca n't predict the weather , '' said Kohl , `` but you can control other aspects of your business . ''
( Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn ; editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Diane Craft )
HOMESTEAD , Fla. - After weeks of submissions , voting and nail-biting anticipation , the winner of the first Local 10 eARTh Day Art Contest was announced on Sunday .
More than 59 schools entered and nearly 8,000 votes were received . Air Base K-8 Center in Homestead won the prize , including $ 4,500 to use toward art supplies .
More eARTH Day Contest Headlines
We congratulate Air Base K-8 and all the finalists . We encourage all South Florida art teachers and students to enter next year .
The Local 10 eARTh Day Art Contest is proudly sponsored by Publix , where every day is Earth Day .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
JERUSALEM , May 3 ( Reuters ) -
* Delek Group said on Wednesday that Israeli businessman Yonel Cohen will purchase a 130 million shekels ( $ 36 million ) stake in insurer Phoenix Holdings as part of a deal with China 's Yango Group Co .
* Once finalized , Yango will have a 50.1 percent stake of Phoenix and Cohen a 4 percent stake , Delek said , valuing the Israeli insurer at about 3.2 billion shekels .
* The deal , which still requires regulatory approvals , will make Cohen , a veteran insurance executive , chairman of Phoenix and ensures that the majority of board members will be Israeli .
* Delek has for a few years been trying to sell control of Phoenix .
* ( $ 1 = 3.6060 shekels ) ( Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch )
U.S. stocks , bond yields rise after Comey statement ; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey , with investors looking ahead to his U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday , the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting .
FORT WAYNE , Ind . — Bryson Scott scored 25 points and John Konchar added 18 and Fort Wayne defeated Denver 91-63 on Saturday .
Scott and Konchar combined to shoot 18 of 27 from the field and Fort Wayne ( 16-10 , 5-4 Summit League ) finished 34 of 65 ( 52.3 per cent ) from the field .
The Mastadons built an early lead with a 9-0 run when Denver went scoreless for almost six minutes and led 20-7 . The Pioneers responded with their own 14-7 run with Jake Pemberton making a pair of jump shots and a layup to close within six with 5:49 before halftime . Xzavier Taylor made a layup and Scott a 3-pointer and Fort Wayne closed the half with a 15-8 spurt and Denver trailed by double figures the rest of the way .
Scott started the second half with a 3 for a 45-29 lead and Denver ( 10-13 , 4-5 ) never got closer than 15 the rest of the way . Kason Harrell made four 3s and scored 14 points .
April 5 GL Pharm Tech Corp :
* Says 500 million won worth of its first series convertible bonds have been converted into 500,000 shares of the co , at 1,000 won/share
* Says listing date of new shares is April 18
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/RU6E1X
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 20Hubei Guangji Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says it reached settlement with Hongyuan Pharmaceutical regarding the technology transfer contract dispute lawsuit
* According to the settlement the company should pay compensation of 3.0 million yuan and Hongyuan Pharmaceutical should return the company material of tinidazole API and provide tax receipt
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/zsuGDq
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
LONDON , March 30 Toshiba 's Westinghouse , which filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday , is on track to win approval for its AP1000 reactor design by the end of March , Britain 's nuclear regulator said .
The approval is necessary before the reactor can be used at NuGen 's Moorside new nuclear project in north west England , which could generate around 7 percent of Britain 's electricity .
Westinghouse 's bankruptcy filing has raised questions over whether it will be able to complete capital intensive projects , although it does not affect Westinghouse 's operations in Asia , Europe , the Middle East and Africa , according to a company statement .
`` We are still expecting to close out the AP1000 GDA ( Generic Design Assessment ) by the end of the month , according to the long-standing timeline , '' a spokeswoman for Britain 's Office for Nuclear Regulation ( ONR ) said in an email on Thursday .
All new nuclear plants in Britain need ONR approval through its GDA process , which typically takes around four years .
Westinghouse 's AP1000 approval however , has taken much longer since assessment first began in 2007 . It was paused by the ONR at the end of December 2011 while it asked for some design modifications , but was resumed in 2014 .
Britain needs to invest in new infrastructure to replace ageing coal and nuclear plants set to close in the next decade , but has struggled to get large projects built , especially nuclear , due to the costs involved .
EDF 's 18 billion pounds ( $ 22.5 billion ) Hinkley Point C nuclear project in southwest England got the final go-ahead in 2016 after several years of delay , but only after securing backing from the French government .
NuGen , a joint venture between Toshiba and French utility Engie has also come under doubt since Japan 's Toshiba said last month it planned to pull out of the construction work at the British plant after posting a $ 6.3 billion writedown on Westinghouse , which has been hit by billions of dollars in cost overruns at new nuclear plants .
A spokesman for NuGen said it could not comment on specific financial issues relating directly to Toshiba or Westinghouse and that it will continue `` business as usual '' to gain the necessary permits and licenses to build the project .
Britain 's GMB trade union has called on the government to offer reassurances that the project , which it says could provide thousands of jobs , will still go ahead .
`` The UK Government is committed to new nuclear , '' a spokeswoman for the Department for Business , Energy and Industrial Strategy said .
`` The UK is one of the most attractive countries to invest in new nuclear and we engage regularly with the developers of proposed new nuclear projects , '' she said .
( Additional reporting by Nina Chestney ; editing by Alexander Smith )
Zusette DeLeon of New Milford has always dreamed of seeing her name in lights .
Well , that day finally came over the weekend , when the 22-year-old saw her own billboard for the first time in Times Square .
The advertisement is for her new single `` Special 4 You '' featuring Tory Lanez , now available on Apple Music .
`` It was insane , '' the vocalist said . `` To see that unfold in real life was the most insane thing . ''
The first person who noticed DeLeon 's talent was her music teacher at the Memorial School in Paramus .
She was only in Kindergarten .
`` My mom called me over to her one day after school and I sang for her , '' DeLeon recalled . `` She asked me if I liked singing and I said I loved it . ''
So much so that she could n't see herself doing anything else , even when she was supposed to be in class .
`` I went to college for about a year , '' DeLeon said . `` I would go to class , park my car at the building and just think to myself , ' I ca n't go in here . This is n't what I want to do . ' ''
Meanwhile , she released her first song `` Nobody 's Better '' featuring Paterson rapper Fetty Wap .
It was clear to DeLeon that she could make it in the music industry as long as she put all of her efforts into doing so .
`` I was like 'Mom , I love you and I want to do something , but not college , ' '' DeLeon said . `` ' I ca n't do what I want to do through college , can I please just pursue music ? ' ''
Her mom 's rule was simple : DeLeon could take one year off . But if her music career did n't progress , she 'd be back in the classroom in the fall .
`` Four years later , I have n't gone back to school , '' the artist said . `` But my music career is flourishing because i 've been able to give my 115 percent to music . ''
DeLeon was recently chosen amongst hundreds of applicants by the Merlin Network -- the global digital rights agency for the world 's independent label sector .
Merlin through a partnership with Apple Music funded the `` Special 4 You '' music video , currently advertised on the Times Square billboard .
Trained in opera , classical , Broadway and pop , DeLeon has simple advice for others who also feel that college might not be the best path to reaching their goals .
`` Follow your gut and give it your all , '' DeLeon said . `` If you 're really passionate and have the talent to be successful in that field , then do n't let anything stop you -- and do n't get discouraged when things do n't go your way .
`` In my industry , things are n't guaranteed and you ca n't make a plan for anything . But you have to stay positive and you have to be determined . You ca n't give up . ''
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
The logo of telecom company Orange is seen at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , February 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
PARIS French telecoms company Orange ( ORAN.PA ) plans to launch its online banking service nationwide on July 6 , aiming to take on traditional banks with a low-cost offering that will eventually expand into loans and insurance .
Along with growth in Africa and the Middle East , France 's biggest telecoms operator sees its new banking services as a key driver for growth , hoping to lure some 2 million customers over 10 years .
France 's largest online banks , ING Direct and SocGen 's Boursorama , currently have around 1 million clients each .
Orange said on Thursday customers would be able to use an instant , secure mobile payment service as well as a free debit card . Its online app will also make it possible for users to transfer money via a text message to another Orange account .
`` The offer will gradually grow into credit and insurance , '' the company said in a statement .
The bank aims to break even in four to five years , Orange chief executive Stephane Richard said .
Orange Bank was formed after the acquisition of a 65 percent stake in Groupama Banque last year .
( Reporting by Mathieu Rosemain ; Writing by Maya Nikolaeva ; Editing by Mark Potter )
TAIPEI , Taiwan — Fourth-seeded Timea Babos beat Wang Yafan 6-3 , 6-4 Saturday to advance to the final of the Taiwan Open .
Babos claimed her first win in three matches against Wang and will face Kateryna Kozlova in Sunday 's final .
Kozlova eliminated Sabine Lisicki , earning a 7-5 , 6-4 victory to reach her first WTA singles final .
Babos took both sets behind 24 winners , including seven aces . The Hungarian also won far more points on her second serve than Wang — 54 to 38 per cent .
April 10 ( Reuters ) -
* Vine Resources Inc files for ipo of up to $ 500 million for co 's class a common stock - sec filing
* Vine Resources Inc says have applied to list class a common stock on the new york stock exchange under the symbol “ vri ''
* Vine Resources Inc says credit suisse , morgan stanley are underwriters to ipo
* Vine Resources Inc - IPO price estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee Source text - bit.ly/2oSornV
Hamilton has now officially become an at-risk area for Lyme disease after the city 's public health officials found blacklegged ticks at the Christie Lake Conservation Area in consecutive seasons .
Susan Harding-Cruz , Hamilton 's manager of vector-borne diseases , told the city 's Board of Health March 19 after “ tick dragging ” studies were conducted last spring and fall they revealed a total of 13 ticks were identified at the conservation area , along with at Borer 's Falls and the Royal Botanical Gardens . She said only at Christie Lake Conservation Area did the city find ticks in the fall and spring seasons . Those ticks all tested negative for Lyme disease .
But , she said , another eight blacklegged ticks , also referred to as deer ticks of 78 that were received by the public tested positive for Lyme disease . She said five of the ticks were from Dundas and two were located in Binbrook .
Blacklegged ticks are usually found in woodlands , tall grasses and bushes .
It means , said Harding-Cruz , a 20-kilometre radius from Christie Lake Conservation Area , which takes in most of Hamilton except Stoney Creek and Binbrook , becomes an “ estimated risk area ” for ticks .
Hamilton will be included on a map of estimated risk areas for Lyme disease this year that is distributed by Public Health Ontario . Other at-risk areas from last year include the Niagara Region , Turkey Point , Pickering and most of eastern Ontario .
Hamilton residents should take precautions when venturing into long grass such as using DEET , wear long-sleeves and pants , and shoes with closed toes .
Harding-Cruz said if a person finds a tick on them , they should remove it . Harding-Cruz said ticks have six legs in the larval stage and eight legs when they are adults .
Lyme disease is infectious that is caused by bacteria spread by ticks . The most common sign of infection is an expanding area of redness on the skin that starts at the point of the tick bite .
Symptoms could include fever , headache and feeling tired . If left untreated a person could experience the paralysis of the face , joint pains , and severe headaches with neck stiffness or heart palpitations . The tick usually must be attached to a person for up to 48 hours before the bacteria can spread .
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
Bringing you Local , Regional and International News right here in Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
* Southampton were held to a 0-0 draw by Swansea City
* Gabbiadini 's early header hit the crossbar
* Ward-Prowse and Tadic missed key chances in the first-half
* Saints recorded 29 attempts on goal
* They failed to score for a sixth-straight home league game
* Southampton host West Ham next , Swansea host Man United
SOUTHAMPTON 0 SWANSEA CITY 0
Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Southampton were held to a goalless draw by Swansea City on Saturday as they began the new season by failing to score for the sixth straight Premier League home game .
Southampton , who dominated the majority of the game , recorded 29 attempts on goal , but only managed to test Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski on two occasions .
Striker Manolo Gabbiadini 's header hit the crossbar in the second minute , while attempts from James Ward-Prowse and Dusan Tadic were saved by Fabianski .
Coach Mauricio Pellegrino 's late substitutes Charlie Austin and Sofiane Boufal failed to make an impact as Swansea produced a fine defensive display , led by the centre-back pairing Federico Fernandez and Alfie Mawson .
April 10 Clinica Baviera SA :
* Announced on Saturday that Aier Eye International ( Europe ) SLU ( Aier Eye ) has committed to launch a takeover bid for all the shares of the company , at a price of 10.35 euros ( $ 10.95 ) per share , to be fully paid-up in cash
* Six of the shareholders ( Inversiones Telesan , Inversiones Dario 3 , Investments Ballo Holding , Netsa Investment , Inversiones Grupo Zriser , Corporacion Financiera Alba ) committed to accept the offer in respect of a number of shares jointly representing 59.353 percent of the company 's share capital
* Shareholders Inversiones Telesan , Inversiones Dario 3 and Investments Ballo Holding , controlled by the company 's managers Eduardo Baviera Sabater , Fernando Llovet Osuna and Julio Baviera Sabater , will not accept the offer in respect of shares jointly representing 10 percent of the company 's share capital
* Eduardo Baviera Sabater , Fernando Llovet Osuna and Julio Baviera Sabater committed to remain as members of the company 's management
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9448 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 1-Daimler , Saudi 's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI , June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia 's Kingdom Holding , a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , have taken part in an $ 150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem .
Watch CBS 6 News at 11 p.m. for Candace Burn 's full report .
RICHMOND , Va. — They leave their families , giving their time , talents and skills to protect others . But when veterans , especially women , come home , there is a battle they often fight alone .
“ There have been several times where I have gone to a clinic , and waiting in the waiting room , and they call me to be seen , and they say ‘ Mr . ' I 'm not a mister . I am Ms. Wheeler , ” Kenya Wheeler shared .
Wheeler joined the military right out of high school . She said she loved the fact that she served her country . But there was something that happened to her that she wished she could forget .
“ I experienced what 's called military sexual trauma . That 's the way I feel most comfortable in saying , ” she said .
The trauma left Wheeler with invisible wounds . She developed post-traumatic stress disorder , a condition that caused her persistent mental and emotional stress , as well as vivid memories of devastating attacks .
On top of that , she said she must deal with the constant struggle to get needed care from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs .
“ This is supposed to be where we go to get treatment , but increasingly , I 'm finding it very difficult to get treatment that 's even fair , ” she said .
“ I 'm finding it very difficult to get treatment that 's even fair. ” – Kenya WheelerBecause of her traumatizing experience , Wheeler would prefer to be treated by female doctors and therapists , but that 's not always an option at VA hospitals .
Wheeler is not alone , and the VA is aware of the problems that she and other female veterans face . Listed on the department 's website are several initiatives that have been put in place to accommodate women .
“ Since World War II , the face of the veteran has definitely changed , ” Annie Walker , who works with the Virginia Department of Veterans Services , said . “ I think the system is just a little slow in catching up with what really is a veteran . ”
Walker said the state department is a relatively new agency that is not part of the VA , but is willing and able to serve as a go-between for veterans in need .
“ Sometimes we can act as the mediator and offer assistance through the hospital through the VA benefits and the states benefits , ” she said . “ We 've only scratched the surface on the services that we can provide for female veterans .
Despite the obstacles she has faced , Wheeler said she was not bitter with the military , nor the VA .
“ It 's like they do n't understand the pain that comes each time you tell your story , and we do finally tell it , that 's it , said Wheeler . “ To me it 's like somebody getting shot and going to the doctor for assistance and all they do is make the hole bigger and leave you to yourself . ”
CBS 6 reached out to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs about Wheeler 's concerns . They released a statement that read in part :
“ When a Veteran or a Veteran 's loved one makes us aware of concerns about care , we take those concerns seriously . We listen and take appropriate action . We urge any Veteran who is has concerns or questions to reach out to their local Patient Advocate so that we can provide them the level of care and attention they deserve . ”
Call 855-VA-WOMEN or click here to learn more .
They went on to say women are the fastest group of veterans and they are expanding their health care services to meet that need .
CBS 6 also spoke with Virginia Senator Tim Kaine , a vocal advocate for veterans care . He said the VA is making progress in addressing this issue , but more needs to be done .
“ I am going to continue to press that the VA has broader hiring authorities to bring in specialist who can meet the needs of all of our veterans , but recognizing that our women veterans have been under served in the past and we 've got catch up to play , ” said Kaine .
RICHMOND , Va. – If you 're planning for your child 's college education , you might want to consider opening a ROTH IRA . Money expert , JB Bryan was back with us to talk about what about the benefits of this investment and what you need to know .
JB Bryan , President of JB Bryan Financial Group , Inc. , offers money seminars every Wednesday at noon and every Sunday at 3pm for business owners . The workshops are free , but pre-registration is required . For more information you can visit www.jbbryan.com .
Winning numbers drawn in 'MassCash ' game
BRAINTREE , Mass . ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Massachusetts Lottery 's `` MassCash '' game were :
06-07-10-23-28
( six , seven , ten , twenty-three , twenty-eight )
FILE PHOTO : A worker checks a pressure gauge at an oil pumping station owned by Rosneft in the Suzunskoye oil field , near Krasnoyarsk , Russia , March 26 , 2015 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : The company logo of Rosneft is seen outside a service station in Moscow , Russia , November 12 , 2013 . REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
LUXEMBOURG Europe 's top court on Tuesday upheld European Union sanctions on Russia over the Ukraine conflict , including on its largest oil group Rosneft ( ROSN.MM ) , in a ruling that asserts the court 's jurisdiction over the bloc 's foreign policy .
The EU slapped sanctions on Russia after it annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and stepped them up as Moscow went on to support a separatist rebellion in Ukraine 's industrial east .
Rosneft 's head , Igor Sechin , is a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin .
The European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) said `` restrictive measures ... in response to the crisis in Ukraine against certain Russian undertakings , including Rosneft , are valid . ''
With the ruling , the ECJ established its jurisdiction to rule on matters of the EU 's common foreign and security policy , an area of fierce contention between Brussels and national governments seeking to maintain sovereignty .
A lawyer for Rosneft told reporters he was disappointed with the outcome .
`` I would also say it is a setback for judicial protection in the EU in the area of sanctions because the court accepts ( ... ) the fact that a company is partially state-owned is sufficient for it to be a target of sanctions , '' Lode van den Hende said .
The court said it believed encroaching on Rosneft 's right to do business was in proportion with the severity of sanctions imposed on Russia over the Ukraine crisis .
`` The Court holds that the importance of the objectives pursued by the contested acts is such as to justify certain operators being adversely affected , '' it said in its judgment .
Rosneft called the decision `` illegal , baseless and politicised . '' `` The ruling shows that the rule of law in Europe is being replaced by the rule of political situation , '' it said in a statement .
`` Rosneft continues to insist that it has not committed any illegal actions in any jurisdictions where it conducts its business , including Ukraine , and has nothing to do with the Ukrainian crisis . ''
( Additional reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow ; Writing by Robert-Jan Bartunek ; Editing by Alissa de Carbonnel and Mark Potter )
Will LA mean LeBron behind the scenes and on the big screen ?
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Arthur Mola , Arthur Mola/Invision/AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Files - In this Sept. 9 , 2017 , file photo , executive producer LeBron James attends a premiere for `` The Carter Effect '' on day 3 of the Toronto International Film Festival at the Princess of Wales Theatre , in Toronto . LeBron James has gone from hot in Cleveland to high on Hollywood . James had movie and TV projects gestating long before he came to California to join the Los Angeles Lakers , and has the star power to now have a shot at a lot more . ( Photo by Arthur Mola/Invision/AP , File ) less FILE - In this Sept. 9 , 2017 , file photo , executive producer LeBron James attends a premiere for `` The Carter Effect '' on day 3 of the Toronto International Film Festival at the Princess of Wales Theatre , in ... more Photo : Arthur Mola , Arthur Mola/Invision/AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this Sept. 9 , 2017 file photo Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James poses for photographs on the red carpet for the new documentary `` The Carter Effect '' during the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival in Toronto . Can LeBron James be a player in Hollywood like he is on the hardcourt ? James has long had a strong hand in production on television and movies , and his move from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Los Angeles Lakers announced this week could mean a much bigger role in the entertainment business for the NBA superstar . ( Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP , file ) less FILE - In this Sept. 9 , 2017 file photo Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James poses for photographs on the red carpet for the new documentary `` The Carter Effect '' during the 2017 Toronto International Film ... more Photo : Nathan Denette , AP Image 3 of 3 Will LA mean LeBron behind the scenes and on the big screen ? 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — `` Space Jam 2 ? '' A whole new `` House Party '' franchise ?
With the leadership of LeBron James , anything is possible .
As James comes from Cleveland to Los Angeles looking to take the Lakers to more championships with a blockbuster $ 154 million contract announced this week , he could also push those two 1990s properties closer to reality and go from part-time presence to major player in Hollywood .
James has n't yet spoken about his plans for Los Angeles . But if he wants to , he 's already shown he can act , and not just in that good-for-an-athlete way .
His one real film role , playing himself in the 2015 Amy Schumer film `` Trainwreck , '' directed by Judd Apatow , won big raves .
The Associated Press ' Lindsey Bahr called him `` a comedic revelation . '' Ann Hornaday of The Washington Post said he showed `` expert , deadpan timing . ''
James ' co-stars agreed .
`` He was really good . Like everything with him it was very effortless , '' said Bill Hader , who played the movie 's male lead with James as his sidekick and previously acted with James when he hosted `` Saturday Night Live . '' '' He 's always listening . I know actors that do n't listen , they 're just waiting to say their line . He listened . ''
Hader said there was frequent improvisation on `` Trainwreck , '' and LeBron easily kept up with the sketch comedy pros like Hader .
`` You 'll never believe this , but he was super confident , '' Hader told the AP with a laugh by phone from the Toronto set of the film `` It 2 . ''
`` But not cocky , '' Hader added .
`` I remember Chris Rock was on set and rattled off a line suggestion really fast for LeBron , and LeBron said it back during the scene verbatim , '' Hader said . `` I remember thinking , `` I ca n't do that . ''
He would n't be the first Laker to try acting . Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Shaquille O'Neal had their share of famous , and infamous roles . And Kobe Bryant ended up with an unlikely Academy Award for an animated short based on a poem he wrote about basketball .
Whether or not he appears on screen , James has already begun a major media career that can only get a boost from LA .
Gone are the days when athletes had to be in a major market to make it in film and television , as James himself has shown through his years building his brand in Cleveland .
But there 's nothing like face-time for becoming a force in Hollywood .
James and his business partner Maverick Carter has a production company , SpringHill Entertainment , that has a deal with Warner Bros. and office space on the legendary movie company 's lot , where he could become a regular .
`` Certainly the proximity will make it easier for LeBron personally to be part of future projects , '' said David Schwab , an executive vice president at Octagon , a global sports and entertainment marketing and management firm . `` The advantage of a market like New York , Los Angeles and Golden State is the ability to have coffee , lunch or dinner daily '' with key decision makers . `` In a smaller market you do n't get those consistent opportunities , '' he said .
Schwab said James ' partners at Warner Bros. and elsewhere are most likely `` excited that he 's in Los Angeles as they could possibly use LeBron personally to close business deals with future partners of their own . ''
James , via SpringHill and his digital film company Uninterrupted has already brought some projects to big and small screens , with many more in the works . Here are some highlights :
— `` Space Jam 2 . '' The idea of James reviving the 1996 movie starring another candidate for greatest basketball player of all time , Michael Jordan , has been in circulation for several years . The movie with Jordan battling animated aliens alongside Bugs Bunny and his Warner Bros. cartoon buddies brought mixed reviews and eyerolls at the time , but has become a cult classic . Justin Lin of the `` Fast & Furious '' films has been attached as director .
— `` House Party . '' Stephen Glover and Jamal Olori of `` Atlanta '' are writing a script that James and SpringHill hope will revive the franchise that starred Kid n ' Play and spawned three big-screen sequels from 1990 to 1994 .
— `` Smallfoot . '' James will have another chance to show off his comic chops as the voice of a skeptical yeti in Warner Bros ' animated film .
— `` Now We 're Talking . '' A digital comedy series on Uninterrupted that features two rival professional football quarterbacks who become broadcasters and frequent pro athlete cameos is about to enter its second season .
— SpringHill is also producing several more television projects including the game shows `` The Wall '' and `` Do or Dare '' and `` Rise Up , '' a documentary about the civil rights movement for the History Channel .
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
The GM logo is seen at the General Motors Lansing Grand River Assembly Plant in Lansing , Michigan October 26 , 2015 . Photo taken October 26 . REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
WASHINGTON General Motors Co ( GM.N ) said on Thursday it will add more than 1,100 jobs in California over five years at its Cruise Automation unit to boost its self-driving efforts after receiving $ 8 million in state tax credits .
The largest U.S. automaker said it is investing $ 14 million in a new research and development facility in San Francisco that will more than double its current space . GM acquired Cruise Automation for $ 1 billion in March 2016 as part of its effort to build autonomous vehicles .
GM is testing more than 50 Chevrolet Bolt electric vehicles with self-driving technology on public roads in San Francisco , the Detroit metropolitan area and Scottsdale , Arizona .
`` Running our autonomous vehicle program as a startup is giving us the speed we need to continue to stay at the forefront of development of these technologies and the market applications , '' said GM Chief Executive Mary Barra in a statement .
When GM acquired Cruise in 2016 , the company had been working to develop hardware and software that could be installed in a vehicle to enable the car to pilot itself on a highway , without the driver steering or braking .
Traditional auto companies have been making major investments in ride-sharing and technology companies as industry executives worry that the century-old business of building and selling cars that people drive themselves may shift rapidly in the coming years .
California has aggressively courted companies to invest in self-driving research and development . A state filing said GM had 485 direct employees in California last year and will have more than 1,640 by 2021 .
`` GM 's investment is further proof that California is leading the nation in the design , engineering and deployment of autonomous vehicles , ” said Panorea Avdis , director of the California Governor 's Office of Business and Economic Development .
( Reporting by David Shepardson ; Editing by Leslie Adler and Bill Rigby )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Trump administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union .
That 's according to two people familiar with the plans who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations . The people say the administration 's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement , but an announcement is expected before Friday 's deadline .
President Donald Trump announced in March he would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel , and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum , citing national security interests .
But he delayed the implementation for several countries , including the European Union , giving them time to negotiate a deal .
Advertisement
The EU has said it will retaliate if the exemptions lapse .
GREENVILLE , N.C. — Shawn Williams knocked down six 3-pointers , made 8 of 9 free throws to score a career-high 30 points as East Carolina — the nation 's worst 3-point-shooting team — went off from deep to defeat Memphis 88-85 in overtime on Saturday .
East Carolina ( 9-13 , 3-8 American ) trailed 80-78 early in overtime when Williams nailed consecutive 3-pointers in the span of 43 seconds . The Pirates made 11 of 24 from distance , or 46 per cent . ECU was 351st , dead last , among NCAA teams in 3-point shooting this season , making 27 per cent ( 108 of 396 ) from distance before Saturday .
Isaac Fleming recorded the first triple-double in program history for ECU with 11 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists . Kentrell Barkley scored 19 points with 13 rebounds and B.J . Tyson added 14 points .
ECU never trailed after Williams ' back-to-back 3s , but Memphis ( 14-9 , 5-5 ) twice came within a point .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Johnson Outdoors Inc :
* JOHNSON OUTDOORS REPORTS FISCAL FIRST QUARTER RESULTS
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 0.02
* Q1 SALES ROSE 24 PERCENT TO $ 116.6 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
OTTAWA — The federal privacy watchdog says he 's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes .
Privacy commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform .
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the incident in media interviews , saying he helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information .
In a statement Monday , Therrien says his office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner 's office .
ATHENS , Ga. — Georgia junior linebacker Natrez Patrick could be facing a four-game suspension following his second arrest on marijuana charges in three years .
According to the Athens-Clarke County jail report , Patrick was arrested Thursday night on a misdemeanour charge of possession of less than one ounce of marijuana . He also was charged with `` prohibited stopping , standing or parking . '' He was released about an hour later after posting bond .
Patrick was suspended for one game against Kentucky as a freshman in 2015 following his first arrest on marijuana charges . According to the Georgia student-athlete handbook , a player can be suspended four games for a second marijuana violation .
Patrick is tied for third with 17 tackles for No . 5 Georgia , which plays at Vanderbilt on Saturday .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
RABAT , March 31 Moroccan property developer Alliances Developpement posted a net profit of 144 million dirhams ( $ 14 million ) in 2016 , recovering from a record loss of 1.8 billion dirhams in 2015 after a debt restructuring .
Alliances ' debt dropped by 50 percent to 1.78 billion dirhams in 2016 , from 3.43 billion dirhams in 2015 , the company said in a statement published in L'Economiste newspaper on Friday . ( Reporting by Samia Errazzouki ; editing by Alexander Smith )
OTTAWA — The man on trial for murdering three women in the Ottawa Valley two years ago told police he killed his three former acquaintances because they were not innocent .
Fifty-nine-year-old Basil Borutski confessed to police in an interview room at the Pembroke OPP detachment the day after the crimes in September 2015 .
The video of that confession continued to be played in court Friday as part of Borutski 's trial for first degree murder charges in the deaths of 66-year-old Carol Culleton , 36-year-old Anastasia Kuzyk and 48-year-old Nathalie Warmerdam .
Borutski said several times he makes a distinction between murder and killing because the Bible does and that murder is killing someone or something that is innocent .
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK , June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp 's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada , a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday .
Djokovic , who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year , is the 20th-seeded player in Paris , his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open .
___
3:10 p.m .
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years .
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence , winning her first-round match at the French Open , she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister , Venus .
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan .
The American siblings , owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles , received a wild-card entry . They have n't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016 .
Serena Williams had n't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017 . She gave birth to a daughter last September .
___
1:20 p.m .
Marco Trungelliti 's long , strange trip as a French Open `` lucky loser '' has come to an end with a second-round exit .
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros , then drew headlines for making the 10-hour , 650-mile ( 1,000-kilometre ) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother , mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw .
He then won his first-round match .
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1 , 7-6 ( 1 ) , 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours .
Still , Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros ( about $ 90,000 ) in prize money — and a great story to tell .
___
12:50 p.m .
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games , beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6 , 6-1 , 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open .
It was the last match of the tournament 's opening round .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , played poorly in the first set , with only four winners and 16 unforced errors . But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way , while Riske made more and more mistakes .
___
12:30 p.m .
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open , making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0 , 6-4 win on Court 1 .
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand , her playing hand .
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012 .
___
12:20 p.m .
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier , Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second , which she eventually took 6-1 .
Halep , the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago , cleaned up her game in the second set , with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener . Riske , meanwhile , had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set .
___
12 p.m .
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open , losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States .
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set .
In their only previous meeting on clay , in Rome in 2015 , Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3 , 6-0 victory . But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time .
___
11:20 a.m .
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open , with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women 's first round .
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms .
Halep , a two-time finalist at Roland Garros , needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No . 1 ranking . She won both of her previous matches against Riske .
On the men 's side , 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round .
The second-seeded players in both the men 's and women 's draws , Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki , will also be in action .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
MANILA The office of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has `` deep concern '' about a congressional Commission on Appointments ( CA ) decision to reject his choice of environment minister , but will respect the democratic process , his spokesman said on Wednesday .
`` She has contributed a lot of meaningful insights into the environment and the Philippine environmental situation , and it is of course with deep concern that the CA has seen it fit to reject her appointment , '' Presidential Spokesman Ernesto Abella told reporters .
`` On the other hand , it 's a democratic process and we respect their decision ... We just have to accept what the CA has decided . ''
Abella was asked if it was possible Lopez would be given another post in the Duterte administration and responded : `` That 's a possibility but we do n't know yet '' .
( Reporting by Martin Petty ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
( Repeats to widen distribution )
By Daniela Desantis and Luc Cohen
ASUNCION , March 30 Paraguay 's economy will grow more than 4.2 percent in 2017 thanks to a record soy harvest , Finance Minister Santiago Pena said on Thursday , a forecast much higher than the central bank 's current estimate of 3.7 percent growth .
The central bank 's estimate `` will be revised upwards '' as the harvest accelerates and begins to benefit the country 's financial and transportation sectors , Pena told Reuters in an interview at the annual meeting of the Inter-American Development Bank 's board of governors .
`` One number that 's being talked about is 4.2 percent , '' Pena said . `` Based on what I 'm seeing in the business that 's being generated , and the sentiments of the private sector , growth will be higher than 4.2 percent . ''
Paraguay 's 2016/17 soy crop is estimated at more than 10 million tonnes , Agriculture Minister Juan Carlos Baruja said earlier this month , setting expectations for a record harvest that would bring in more than $ 3 billion .
`` What 's interesting about this harvest is the impact that it has on the whole supply chain and on other sectors . When we add up commerce , transportation and the financial sector , it 's going to be a very strong year , '' Pena said .
Paraguay grew 4 percent in 2016 largely due to improvements in the industrial , construction and electricity generation sectors .
The country has boosted its investments in infrastructure since center-right President Horacio Cartes took office in 2013 , financed in large part by debt after the country debuted in the international bond markets that same year .
The country will not return to the global bond markets this year after raising $ 500 million in debt earlier this month , Pena said , though he said he expects to raise some $ 50 million in the local market .
Pena said he was skeptical a proposed trade deal between Mercosur - the South American trade bloc consisting of Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay and Uruguay - and the European Union would come together soon , despite newfound momentum this year during negotiations that have lasted more than a decade .
`` This year we will see absolutely nothing , in truth , '' Pena said . `` I would love to be more optimistic , but the reality is I do n't think we see a process for closing the free trade deal with the European Union . I think it will still take a lot of time . ''
He said Latin American countries would have more success boosting intra-regional trade , particularly given the potential for changes in U.S. trade policies . ( Reporting by Daniel Desantis and Luc Cohen ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Cynthia Osterman )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 28 Hill-Rom Holdings Inc :
* Hill-Rom exceeds guidance with strong fiscal second quarter financial results and raises 2017 full-year outlook
* Q2 earnings per share $ 0.51
* Q2 revenue $ 679 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue up about 3.5 to 4 percent
* Sees Q3 2017 revenue up 5 to 6 percent
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 0.79 , revenue view $ 655.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q3 revenue view $ 691.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Hill-Rom Holdings Inc - for Q3 expects adjusted earnings , excluding special items , of $ 0.89 to $ 0.91 per diluted share
* Hill-Rom Holdings Inc says now expects adjusted earnings , excluding special items , of $ 3.82 to $ 3.88 per diluted share in fy 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $ 3.82 , revenue view $ 2.73 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
https : //www.thehour.com/news/world/article/Former-Malaysian-leader-Najib-Razak-has-pleaded-13048387.php
Former Malaysian leader Najib Razak has pleaded not guilty to all charges in corruption case
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for her performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night ( Oct. 5 ) It was none other than her dad , Billy Ray Cyrus .
Related : Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty 's “ Wildflowers. ” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel . Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress , Miley sang with passion and sensitivity , leaving a lump in the throats of Petty 's fans , who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after he suffered a heart attack .
Watch the performance below .
The Basic Education Teachers Union of Zambia , BETUZ has asked government to stop persecuting teachers , who are perceived to be supporting opposition political parties .
BETUZ Deputy General Secretary Henry Sinkala says it is uncalled for , for government to retire teachers on national interest for being perceived to be aligned to certain political parties .
Speaking during the commemoration of Teacher 's Day yesterday , Mr. Sinkala says some teachers have been transferred in unclear circumstances without being investigated .
He says every person has a right to belong to any political party that they feel has an agenda to develop the country .
But Mr. Sinkala was however , quick to caution the teachers against active politics , stating that civil servants should remain non- partisan .
He further says that the conditions of service for teachers remain largely neglected , which include the 2017 wage freeze .
Mr. Sinkala adds that government should improve the conditions of service for teachers .
And Teaching Council of Zambia , TCZ Senior Inspection Officer Henry Kamoko advised teachers to have a sense of self-esteem and be role models in society .
He says teachers should discharge their duties professionally , and be dedicated to their work , to help produce quality results for the leaners .
Mr. Kamoko says few teachers , who are a nuisance in society tarnish the general effort of the majority teachers , who are hardworking .
Meanwhile , Acting Provincial Permanent Secretary Smith Mangalilo says it is the government 's role to empower teachers with all the necessary resources to ensure excellent execution of their duties .
He says government is committed to improving the conditions of service for teachers .
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIAMI — Jacob Garcia , 28 , is facing charges of disorderly conduct for allegedly groping a female passenger on an American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami , according to WGN .
A Miami-Dade police report says the flight crew told officers they tried to move Garcia of Chicago to another seat , but he continued to be unruly , screaming and insulting the woman and her boyfriend .
Police then asked Garcia to leave Flight 2446 , which was waiting to take off from Miami to Chicago , but he refused .
After Garcia was asked to move seats he began screaming at the female passenger and her boyfriend . A passenger on the plane said he said a racial slur to the guards .
“ Right before the guy sits down in his seat , he turns to the security guard and shouts at him he said , ‘ My people were building civilizations while you monkeys were still swinging from the trees , ' ” Adisak Pochanayon said . “ There was a couple people on the flight who wanted to get up and leave . There was a black gentleman two rows in front who was like , ‘ I ca n't be on this flight with this racist . ”
Pochanayon recorded video from the incident . He said after Garcia refused to leave the plane , the pilot announced the whole plane would have to be emptied .
Pochanayon said he believes something just was n't right with Garcia who showed great physical strength and an ability to be unfazed by the Taser .
Passenger videos show police zapping the man as they struggled to get him off the plane . He kept asking why they were removing him . Passengers can be seen clapping and cheering as Garcia is later escorted through the airport .
Garcia faces disorderly conduct and other charges . Jail records do n't list an attorney .
An American Airlines statement says crew members asked the man to get off the plane after he had a `` disagreement '' with another passenger Sunday night ; the man refused to leave and the crew began deplaning passengers . The statement says during that process , a physical altercation broke out between the two passengers .
The plane left an hour late .
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
April 10 Shenzhen Emperor Technology Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 5 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 15 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/HCcgv7
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA , June 15 A $ 12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington , a Qatari official said on Thursday , adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha .
LONDON , April 23 Arsenal will play London rivals Chelsea in the FA Cup final on May 27 after beating Manchester City 2-1 following extra time in the semi-final at Wembley on Sunday .
Arsenal had to come from behind after Sergio Aguero scored his 30th goal of the season for City in the 63rd minute , racing away on to a pass from Yaya Toure .
Spanish international Nacho Monreal equalised nine minutes later , from a cross by Arsenal 's other wing back Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain .
In the 11th minute of extra time , just after Aguero was taken off , Alexis Sanchez scored the winner .
The result gave manager Arsene Wenger , an FA Cup winner six times , a welcome boost in a season that many supporters would like to be his last at the club . ( Reporting by Steve Tongue ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
SYDNEY May 4 India 's Adani Enterprises has agreed a A $ 73 million ( $ 54 million ) steel supply agreement with Australia 's Arrium to be used in a rail line for the proposed Carmichael coal mine , a source told Reuters on Thursday .
The deal indicates Adani is moving ahead with plans for the A $ 16 billion Carmichael coal project as it works to secure the necessary finance , while the arrangement offers a potential life-line to Arrium .
Under the terms of the deal , Arrium will supply more than 50,000 tonnes of steel to be used in a rail line linking Adani 's proposed coal mine with an export terminal on Australia 's north east coast , said a source with knowledge of the deal , who spoke on condition of anonymity as he is not authorised to talk to the media .
The deal is subject to a full go-ahead for the mine .
Adani 's Carmichael coal mine has been dogged by delays as the company struggles to secure necessary capital and legal challenges from environmental groups .
Adani plans to make a final investment decision in May or June on the project , which targets annual output of 25 million tonnes in its first phase , down from an original plan of 40 million tonnes .
Arrium entered voluntary administration , a precursor to bankruptcy , in April last year , , before a blackout in South Australia damaged the company 's factory .
By striking a deal with the troubled Arrium , Adani will also please Australian policymakers , which have been keen to safeguard the future of the steelmarket - a significant rural employer .
( $ 1 = 1.3463 Australian dollars ) ( Reporting by Colin Packham ; Editing by Richard Pullin )
Harvey , who made an 800 mile ( 1,300 km ) trek from Denver to Dallas that culminated in a rescue from a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) hole , is pictured at the Dallas Animal Rescue , in Dallas , Texas , U.S. , in this image taken March 3 , 2017 . Dallas Animal Rescue/Handout via REUTERS
Harvey , who made an 800 mile ( 1,300 km ) trek from Denver to Dallas that culminated in a rescue from a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) hole , is pictured in his foster home , in Dallas , Texas , U.S. , in this image taken March 30 , 2017 . Dallas Animal Rescue/Handout via REUTERS
DALLAS This is a story about a capricious cat named Harvey .
Not just any wayward feline , mind you , but a Tabby who wandered 800 miles from Denver to Dallas , took a side trip into a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) pit and is actually going home after about nine months on the road .
The 5-year-old orange cat , who went missing last June from his Colorado home , narrowly escaped being cemented into the hole when a utility worker spotted him and called Dallas Animal Services . Harvey 's family was identified through a microchip under his skin .
After a six-hour rescue , Harvey was caked in mud but uninjured , animal services spokeswoman Gabrielle Vannini said .
How Harvey ended up in Dallas is anyone 's guess and he 's not saying .
Vannini speculated that he may have hitched a ride or walked all the way to the affluent Highland Park neighborhood in central Dallas .
`` With that amount of time , it 's not totally impossible he 's just been roaming but given how far he was from home , it 's likely he had some help getting down here , ” she said .
Harvey 's owner Jackie Ewer told TV broadcaster Denver7 that the Tabby has always been an outdoor cat and she was surprised he was found in Texas .
`` If any cat would have some crazy adventure , it would be Harvey . He 's very funny , '' Ewer said .
( Reporting by Lisa Maria Garza ; Additional reporting by Jon Herskovitz ; Editing by Toni Reinhold )
April 28 SNP Schneider Neureither & Partner AG :
* Publishes business results for the first quarter of 2017 - strong growth continues - investments in markets and the future
* Group revenue rise to 21.6 million euros ( $ 23.47 million ) in first three months ( +16.8 % compared to previous year )
* Revenue and earnings forecast for fiscal year 2017 affirmed
* Cash holdings : 53.9 million euros ( as of 12/31/2016 : 31.9 million euros )
* Negative earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) of -1.8 million euros in first three months of fiscal year ( previous year : 1.9 million euros )
* Q1 operating earnings ( EBIT ) amounted to -2.4 million euros in same period ( previous year : 1.6 million euros )
* Order backlog as of March 31 , 2017 was 40.8 million euros ; from comparable previous year 's figure of 28.7 million euros , this corresponds to an increase of approximately 42 % Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9204 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
( Adds detail , updates prices ) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE , June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year , boosting financing costs for industry . Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter , metals could come under further selling pressure , broker Kingdom Futures said in a report . `` Toda
SAN DIEGO ( KUSI ) — A Mexican citizen who crashed his vehicle carrying six unauthorized immigrants while fleeing from U.S. Border Patrol agents near the Otay Mesa Port of Entry was sentenced in federal court Monday to four years in prison .
Miguel Angel Tejada-Loaiza , 21 , was transporting the unauthorized immigrants after they had unlawfully entered the United States , authorities said .
Two passengers were ejected from the vehicle after it struck a guard rail and were hospitalized for several weeks with serious injuries .
Tejada-Loaiza pleaded guilty in May to illegal transportation of aliens for financial gain . He admitted the individuals he transported were paying others as much as $ 5,000 to be smuggled into the United States illegally .
Last April 23 , U.S. Border Patrol agents spotted a Ford Expedition parked in an area where a seismic intrusion device had detected movement . An agent heard yelling coming from the vehicle and saw the driver , Tejada-Loaiza , signaling for people to get in .
Agents followed the Expedition in a marked Border Patrol unit and tried to pull the vehicle over , but the driver abruptly turned onto a northbound road and sped away at 75 miles per hour , then made another sharp turn and hit the guard rail , sending the SUV down an embankment .
`` Smuggling endangers not only those being transported illegally , but the general motoring public , '' said acting U.S. Attorney Alana Robinson . `` Smugglers commodify human beings , prioritizing profits over public safety . Our office will vigorously prosecute individuals who capitalize on the illegal smuggling of people into the United States . ''
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
RANCHO SANTA FE ( KUSI ) — A disfigured dog who has been under the care of the Helen Woodward Animal Center in Rancho Santa Fe since he was discovered roaming the streets of Tijuana is now available for adoption , center officials said Monday .
Dwayne , a Pointer mix , has undergone multiple surgeries and other medical treatments since he was brought to the United States about three months ago .
According to the rescuer , Dwayne 's former owner bound him with a crude wire muzzle , kicked him and beat him with sticks . When the owner was jailed on unrelated charges , the canine wandered the streets , where residents disgusted by his deformities threw stones and scalding water at him , and he was attacked by a pair of pit bulls , the rescuer said .
He was left with a deformed muzzle that made his breathing labored , and injuries to his front right leg and elbow , skin and coat .
After receiving veterinary and foster care from Dr. Patricia Carter , Dwayne has blossomed into a healthy , confident and affectionate friend to everyone he meets , center officials said .
Center officials request that prospective adopters submit an application , plus a 100 word-or-less essay or a one-minute video stating why they would be best suited for Dwayne . Applications are available online at www.animalcenter.org/news/dwaynes-journey , and are due by noon on Aug. 24 .
`` It is going to be a very difficult decision and really hard for all of us to see him go , but Dwayne deserves it , '' said Jennifer Shorey , the center 's operations director .
`` He embodies every characteristic people hope to find in a furry family member — loyalty , heart and incredible devotion , '' Shorey said . `` We will miss him but it will help to know that he 's finally found his forever family . ''
Because of Dwayne 's past history and veterinary needs , the center is seeking a family :
located in the San Diego area or within a 2-hour drive
with no other dogs or at most one friendly and gentle dog
that will allow Dwayne to be inside for most of the day
will understand his limitations from a lame front right leg
The center said Dwayne loves to frolic and play but would n't be appropriate for long runs or strenuous hikes .
The family that adopts the dog will be treated to 50 percent off his veterinary needs for life at the Helen Woodward Animal Center 's Companion Animal Hospital .
AP FACT CHECK : Rep. Kevin Cramer did drive 2,300 miles
Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this May 26 , 2016 , file photo , North Dakota Republican state Rep. Kevin Cramer speaks in Bismarck , N.D. North Dakota Democrats are criticizing Republican Senate candidate Kevin Cramer for reimbursing himself and his wife Kris for 3,000 miles worth of mileage on the campaign trail this year . In a statement last week , the state party attacked Cramer for what they called “ implausible ” mileage reimbursements . Cramer did drive more than 2,300 miles according to an AP analysis , which mapped the locations to substantiate the mileage and also checked with event organizers and media reports to verify Kevin Cramer 's attendance . The mileage reimbursements he and his wife made to themselves were correct . less FILE - In this May 26 , 2016 , file photo , North Dakota Republican state Rep. Kevin Cramer speaks in Bismarck , N.D. North Dakota Democrats are criticizing Republican Senate candidate Kevin Cramer for reimbursing ... more Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast , AP AP FACT CHECK : Rep. Kevin Cramer did drive 2,300 miles 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
North Dakota Democrats are criticizing Republican Senate candidate Kevin Cramer for reimbursing himself and his wife Kris for 3,000 miles worth of mileage on the campaign trail this year . In a statement last week , the state party attacked Cramer for what they called `` implausible '' mileage reimbursements . The North Dakota Democratic-Nonpartisan League Party also created a video game called `` Crooked Cramer 's Road Trip , '' which features an animation of Cramer driving in a pickup truck . The claims were made just days after David Thompson , a Democrat running for North Dakota attorney general , filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission over Cramer 's campaign finance reports .
Cramer is challenging Democratic incumbent Sen. Heidi Heitkamp in what is expected to be one of the most competitive races in the nation .
A look at the claim :
NORTH DAKOTA DEMOCRATS : `` Implausible mileage reimbursements to Kevin and Kris Cramer : The campaign 's reimbursement of $ 1,152.75 to Rep. Cramer and $ 531.38 to Kris Cramer for first quarter mileage expenses is highly unusual and almost implausible . ''
THE FACTS : It 's not only plausible , it 's true . North Dakota is a big state ( 69,001 square land miles ) and Kevin Cramer is its only U.S. House member . Cramer did drive more than 2,300 miles according to an AP analysis , which mapped the locations to substantiate the mileage and also checked with event organizers and media reports to verify Kevin Cramer 's attendance . The mileage reimbursements he and his wife made to themselves were correct .
In April , Kevin Cramer expensed $ 1,152.75 to his campaign for mileage reimbursement during the first three months of 2018 , according to federal campaign finance reports .
The Cramer campaign provided the AP with a schedule showing Kevin Cramer took seven trips for more than a dozen campaign events from his hometown of Bismarck between January and March . The events included a 210-mile round trip to attend a local Republican convention in Dickinson , North Dakota and a 420-mile car ride for Vice President Mike Pence 's visit to Fargo , North Dakota . Most of the events Cramer attended were local Republican Party events .
The Cramer campaign said he uses the standard mileage rate , set by the Internal Revenue Service , of 54.5 cents per mile to determine his reimbursement . That means Kevin Cramer was justified in drawing $ 1,152.75 from his campaign to cover mileage costs .
Cramer 's wife received a $ 531.38 reimbursement for mileage from the campaign in April . The Cramer campaign also provided the AP an event schedule for Kris Cramer showing she traveled to two events -- one to attend Pence 's appearance in Fargo and another to the state GOP convention in Grand Forks -- that required 975 miles worth of driving . At 54.5 cents per mile , Kris Cramer 's reimbursement of $ 531.38 also checks out . The Cramer campaign said Kris Cramer drove to Pence 's event separately `` due to conflicting schedules . ''
___
Associated Press writer Blake Nicholson in Bismarck contributed to this report .
___
Find AP Fact Checks at http : //apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @ APFactCheck on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/APFactCheck
___
Sign up for `` Politics in Focus , '' a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP 's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections : http : //apne.ws/3Gzcraw2ICEr3D
Eds : A look at the veracity of claims by political figures .
Greece set to get cash to pay bills , but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG , June 15 Greece 's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills , but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later .
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN , Germany — Lindsey Vonn edged Italian rival Sofia Goggia by two hundredths of a second in a women 's World Cup downhill on Saturday for her 80th career victory .
The American standout trailed Goggia by 0.08 at the last split time but overcame the deficit in the final section . Cornelia Huetter of Austria was 0.13 behind in third .
Vonn and Goggia , the only racers with more than one downhill victory this season , are the main favourites for gold at the Olympic downhill in Pyeongchang on Feb. 21 .
Shortly after Vonn 's run , her American teammate Jacqueline Wiles suffered unknown injuries in a crash and had to be transported off the hill by helicopter .
April 10 Happigo Home Shopping Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 FY 2017 to decrease by 20 percent to 50 percent , compared to net profit of Q1 FY 2016 ( 12.6 million yuan )
* Says sluggish in core business as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/H8h4vv
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
March 30 Shanghai Rongtai Health Technology Corp Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.6 yuan per share ( before tax ) for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 6
* The company 's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 7 and the dividend will be paid on April 7
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/7Ofqjx
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
In November 2014 , a caller said Barron `` frustrates easily '' and hits the children .
In the first half of 2015 , two callers said Barron bruised and injured one of Anthony 's brothers .
In September 2015 , a caller said Anthony and his siblings were being hit by Leiva and a brother was dangled upside-down from the staircase . Another caller the same month said Leiva and Barron made the children squat for long periods . Yet another caller that month said Leiva slammed Anthony and one of his brothers onto the floor and locked the children in a room where he threw dirty diapers at them . Leiva also allegedly withheld food for up to 10 hours , and one of Anthony 's brothers ate so ravenously that he regurgitated `` because he was not sure when he would get another meal . '' That brother , the caller said , was not registered in school because the family was worried he would tell teachers about the abuse .
The same month , the reports said , Anthony went to live with his aunt and uncle . That stay was not long-lasting , however , and he went back to Leiva and Barron .
In April 2016 , another caller said Leiva was again physically abusing the children and withholding food from them .
Department of Children and Family Services officials have previously said that some of the allegations by callers were marked `` substantiated , '' and others were marked `` inconclusive '' or `` unsubstantiated . ''
The aunt who briefly cared for Anthony , Maria Barron , said in an interview that Leiva and Heather Barron cut ties with her family following Anthony 's stay with her that began in September 2015 . She said Heather Barron wanted to prevent any additional reports to authorities . In the years since , she said , she saw the children at Walmart once , but Heather Barron quickly ushered them away when the women spotted each other .
DCFS Director Bobby Cagle declined to discuss further why Anthony was not removed earlier , citing ongoing investigations .
`` Since this is a part of the criminal investigation , I must refer you to the sheriff to avoid the possibility of hindering prosecution , '' he said in a statement . `` I am focused on co-operating with their investigation and getting to the bottom of what happened , and it would be wrong to speculate while that process is moving forward . ''
The Department of Children and Family Services has said in recent days that no workers have been placed on desk duty for their handling of the case and no case management errors have yet been identified .
A spokesperson for Los Angeles County Supervisor Kathryn Barger said the DA filing paints `` a clearer picture of the senseless and horrific torture and murder of an innocent child at the hands of his own mother and her boyfriend . '' He added that Barger has asked for a report examining the case to be prepared and presented to the supervisors .
Video : Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win
`` I did n't deserve it and if they knew me personally , they 'd know that I 've worked so hard for everything I 've ever got . ''
EL PASO , Texas — Jon Elmore scored 22 points with seven rebounds and five assists , and Marshall maintained safe distance down the stretch to beat UTEP 74-65 on Saturday night .
C.J . Burks ' 3-pointer started an early 10-0 Marshall run and the Thundering Herd went up 19-10 with 9:48 before halftime . Evan Gilyard had a 3-point play for UTEP before Marshall established a 6-0 spurt and led by 10 . Marshall 's last three baskets of the half on 3s from Elmore , Jarrod West and Burks made it 34-24 at halftime .
The Miners closed to 36-31 within the first two minutes of the second half before Ajdin Penava made a 3 and Burks made 1 of 2 foul shots . Omega Harris ' layup pulled the Miners within three points , and with 4:04 left , Gilyard shaved UTEP 's deficit to 61-59 , but the Miners never got closer .
Burks scored 16 points and Penava contributed 15 points and seven boards for the Thundering Herd ( 15-8 , 6-4 Conference USA ) .
April 20 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Headlines
* Brussels starts to freeze Britain out of EU contracts on.ft.com/2pDUVlI
* UKTV warns general election could hit TV advertising on.ft.com/2pE90zE
* Theresa May wins backing from parliament for snap UK election on.ft.com/2pE8iT9
* Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News after harassment allegations on.ft.com/2pEdgz5
Overview
- British groups are starting to be systematically shut out by Brussels from multibillion-euro contracts . European Commission 's top officials have told staff to avoid `` unnecessary additional complications '' with Britain before 2019 , according to an internal memo .
- The owner of channels including Dave and Gold , UKTV said that Theresa May 's decision for a snap general election could lead to the television advertising market further deteriorating .
- Theresa May 's call for a snap general election on June 8 won overwhelming backing from MPs . Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn would try to overturn daunting electoral odds by picking some of the themes adopted by Donald Trump in the US presidential election last year .
- The biggest star at Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News Channel Bill O'Reilly is leaving the network after an investigation into claims that he sexually harassed many women . His departure was triggered by a New York Times investigation revealing that he and Fox News paid a combined $ 13 million to silence women who had complained of sexual harassment .
( Compiled by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Poland 's Supreme Court chief justice came to work on Wednesday , in defiance of a new retirement age law passed by the right-wing PiS government as part of a series of judicial reforms .
Several thousand people greeted Chief Justice Malgorzata Gersdorf as she made her way into the Supreme Court building in Warsaw .
Thousands of people had gathered there the night before to protest the Law and Justice ( PiS ) party 's reform , which came into effect at midnight . The reform lowers the retirement age for judges from 70 to 65 .
Of the court 's 76 judges , 27 are affected by the new law , and the reform could effectively cut short their six-year terms and allow the government to stack the body in their favor .
Read more : Poland and the EU ... It 's complicated
Watch video 00:27 Now live 00:27 mins . Poles protest forced retirement of judges
'Purge ' of judicial backstop
Gersdorf said the reform was a `` purge of the Supreme Court conducted under the guise of retirement reform . ''
The 66-year-old has refused to comply with the reforms that require her to step down immediately , cutting short her tenure slated to end in 2020 .
Gersdorf had told DW on Tuesday that she had no intention of leaving her post before the end of her term under the constitution .
`` The constitution guarantees me this venerable post for six years , and I see no reason why I should file a petition with the executive branch about it , '' she said .
Gersdorf said that she would `` go on vacation '' after her appearance at work on Wednesday and that she had named Jozef Iwulski as a temporary replacement during her absence .
Presidential aide Pawel Mucha dismissed Gersdorf 's remarks and told reporters Gersdorf was `` going into retirement in accordance with the law , '' and insisted the Supreme Court was now `` headed by Judge Jozef Iwulski , '' who was chosen by the president .
Thousands of people gathered outside the Supreme Court to protest the controversial retirement age reform
Poland asks for respect
Responding to criticism over the reforms , Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told the European Parliament on Wednesday that EU states have the `` right '' to create their own legal systems .
The European Commission launched legal action against Poland over the reform on Monday , which could eventually see some of Poland 's privileges as an EU member suspended .
`` Respecting national identities is part of the trust that must be built in the EU , '' Morawiecki said . `` Every country has a right to set up its legal system in line with its own traditions . ''
PiS says judges are in for a 'disastrous defeat '
In a joint statement on Tuesday , Poland 's three biggest opposition parties had called for the protests across the country . Legendary anti-Communist dissident Lech Walesa is among the leaders of the movement protesting the reforms .
However , the ruling PiS party says the changes are necessary to jolt the justice system , which they say is controlled by an untouchable `` caste '' of judges steeped in communist-era mentality . Critics counter that it is PiS which is systematically dismantling any post-Communist institutions designed to rein in government 's power and protect democracy .
Borys Budka , a Civic Platform opposition lawmaker said the protests were being called for `` to show that there is no agreement for a take over of another independent institution , ''
Read more : EU-Poland spat - Juncker and Morawiecki talk judicial reforms and sanctions
PiS party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski told Gazeta Polska that Supreme Court defiance was `` doomed to a disastrous defeat . ''
Since returning to power in 2015 , the nationalist PiS has worked to increase its power over the media and the judiciary . The push has led to clashes with other EU members and the central administration in Brussels .
Watch video 01:49 Now live 01:49 mins . Share Former president Lech Walesa joined the protests Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https : //p.dw.com/p/2h17h Former president Lech Walesa joined the protests
law , dj/aw ( Reuters , AP , AFP )
March 30 GBK Beteiligungen AG :
* Signs a contract for the sale of shares in Koller Beteiligungs GmbH
* There will be a gain on sale in the amount of about 2.1 million euros ( $ 2.25 million ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9314 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
KUALA LUMPUR , April 15 Exports of Malaysian palm oil products for April 1-15 rose 15.2 percent to 567,280 tonnes , from 492,321 tonnes shipped during March 1-15 , cargo surveyor Intertek Testing Services said on Saturday .
Here is the breakdown of the ITS palm export figures for April 1 to 15 compared with a month ago ( in tonnes ) : PALM PRODUCTS
April 1 - 15 March 1 - 15 Crude palm oil 51,000 58,660 RBD palm oil 42,250 29,460 RBD palm olein 236,925 204,660 RBD palm stearin 67,880 32,955 Crude palm kernel oil 7,500 6,500 Palm fatty acid distillate 22,902 33,190 TOP PALM MARKETS
April 1 - 15 March 1 - 15 European Union 111,953 137,440 China 95,050 74,100 India & subcontinent 58,500 76,100 ( Only selected palm products and destinations are displayed here ; they may not add up to total exports ) TOTAL PALM EXPORTS , BY MONTH Month Total Net Change m/m % March 1,076,240 +68,200 +6.8 February 1,008,040 -166,853 -14.2 January 1,174,893 +88,370 +8.1 December 1,086,523 -66,012 -5.7 November 1,152,535 -136,359 -10.6 October 1,288,894 -88,863 -6.5 September 1,377,757 -243,038 -15.0 August 1,620,795 +347,252 +27.3 July 1,273,543 +143,416 +12.7 June 1,130,127 -103,008 -8.4 May 1,233,135 +124,516 +11.2 April 1,108,619 -66,233 -5.6 March 1,174,852 +231,717 +24.6 February 943,135 -202,514 -17.7 Kuala Lumpur Newsroom , Tel : +603 2333 8046 , Fax : +603 2161 3340 , Bureau email : areuters @ gmail.com ( Reporting by Liz Lee ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Chorus Ltd :
* ADVISED BY THE CROWN THAT L1 CAPITAL PTY GRANTED APPROVAL TO ACQUIRE A RELEVANT INTEREST IN 10 % OR MORE OF CHORUS ' SHARES Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Our son is 18 now . A college freshman .
He still does n't have a driver 's license .
`` It 's really kind of a curious development , '' said John Heitmann , author of `` The Automobile and American Life '' and a history professor at the University of Dayton . `` Of course , it 's driving the auto industry crazy right now . They realize that so many young people are really not interested in their product anymore . That 's why they 're jazzing them up all with all these electronic goodies , thinking that 's what will lure them back into the car . ''
Several factors have conspired to make the automobile much less of a must-have product for young people .
Most notably , a generation that has grown up on computers and smartphones views the car as nothing more than a major crimp on their lifestyle . When they 're behind the wheel , they ca n't be on all their devices ( at least not legally and safely ) .
This is perhaps the biggest challenge facing the car industry and , by extension , NASCAR .
`` We have to get it right , '' said Dave Pericak , the global director of Ford 's racing division . `` If we get it right , the future will be bright . If we get it wrong , it 's not going to be good . ''
The manufacturers are devoting plenty of resources toward making the automobile more attractive to future generations , knowing it has become a bit of an anachronism in our highly connected world , largely unnecessary when you can hook up with friends via the internet or get around heavily congested urban areas cheaply and with less aggravation using ride-share services such as Uber and Lyft .
`` We 've got to figure out how to better incorporate the technology and things that are important to them into our vehicles , so the vehicle will be an extension of them , '' said Pericak , who pointed to voice controls and autonomous cars as two of the most intriguing developments .
`` Just like iPads and iPhones are an extension of who they are , an extension of their freedom . Our freedom was getting in a car and blasting down the road . It 's just totally different now . ''
Adding to the challenge : Environmental concerns that are particularly relevant to young people , many of whom view racing as an energy-guzzling pursuit that , at least symbolically , contributes to climate change .
Pericak said it 's not unfathomable to envision a time when stock cars are powered by electricity , not fossil fuels .
`` It was a shocker to me , '' he said . `` For the younger generation , the environment absolutely matters . The more we can look at hybrid technology and show responsibility as automakers , it will resonate with the younger generation . They will appreciate that . ''
In the meantime , NASCAR is taking numerous steps toward connecting with potential fans of the future .
Starting this year , free tickets were offered to those 12 and under for Xfinity and truck series races . More than 10,000 schools are using racing-related materials to study aerodynamics and NASCAR 's `` Three D 's of Speed '' — drag , downforce and drafting . There are summer programs designed to bring kids closer to the sport , and an increased emphasis on connecting with young fans through social media platforms .
Even that most traditional method of reaching the fan base — the paid sponsorship — often has a youth-oriented theme . For instance , two September races at Chicagoland Speedway were sponsored by Nickelodeon and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies .
`` There are a lot of kids that are growing up in a social media environment , whereas my generation did n't , '' said Dale Earnhardt Jr. , long the sport 's most popular driver but retiring at the end of the year . `` They are on these different platforms and we need to go there with people they relate to , to connect to them in those areas . ''
Pericak is n't worried that racing will go the way of the dinosaur . He still sees a fascination with speed and high-tech machines that spans the generations . He knows we are still a nation that relies almost totally on the automobile to get around .
But the current trends do not bode well for NASCAR , even more so than other forms of racing .
The sports have always relied on the association they have with actual street machines , which is why they still pass off today 's sleek racers as the Ford Fusion , Chevrolet SS and Toyota Camry . It 's a selling technique that ties into America 's long love affair with the automobile , a way to build brand loyalty and keep cars moving off the lots .
There was a time when cars such as the General Lee ( `` Dukes of Hazzard '' ) and KITT ( `` Knight Rider '' ) were the stars .
No longer .
And if fewer young people are driving , and even when they finally do it 's more out of necessity than any affection for being at the wheel , it could strike at the very core of NASCAR .
It already is .
___
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press . Write to him at pnewberry @ ap.org or at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/paul % 20newberry
___
AP Sports Writer Dan Gelston in Long Pond , Pennsylvania contributed to this column .
___
For more AP racing coverage : http : //racing.ap.org/
By Paul Newberry , The Associated Press
March 30 Ecopetrol SA :
* Ecopetrol announces oil discovery at Santander
* Finding occurred at Boranda-1 well , at a depth of 3.6 kilometers
* Region shows oil sands with a total thickness of 40 meters
* Potential of mature basins in Colombia has been confirmed
* For 2017 , Ecopetrol has an exploration budget of us $ 652 million , with which it will drill 17 wells directly and with partners Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FILE PHOTO - Brawn GP Formula One driver Jenson Button of Britain waves after qualifying in pole position for the Spanish F1 Grand Prix at the Catalunya racetrack in Montmelo , near Barcelona , May 9 , 2009 . REUTERS/Dani Cardona/File Photo
MANAMA Lewis Hamilton hopes fellow Briton Jenson Button will make a comeback and replace McLaren 's Fernando Alonso at the Monaco Grand Prix when the Spaniard is away competing in the Indianapolis 500 in May .
McLaren have yet to say who will be the stand-in , but 2009 world champion Button -- the last driver to win a race for the team back in 2012 -- is already looking like the clear frontrunner .
`` Why do I have so many missed calls ? , '' Button , 37 , joked on Twitter as speculation mounted about a comeback after McLaren 's surprise announcement that Alonso will skip the season 's showcase event and race in America on the same day .
Triple world champion Hamilton , who joined Mercedes from McLaren in 2013 and is currently leading the championship with Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel , said his former teammate and fellow Monaco resident was the obvious choice .
`` I hope Jenson comes back , I think it would be great for the sport to have Jenson back in , '' he told reporters .
`` I like Jenson and he is still one of the best drivers and his calibre and experience is way ahead of the other drivers able to take that spot for sure . ''
Button handed over his McLaren seat to Belgian rookie Stoffel Vandoorne at the end of last season but the Honda-powered team retained an option on his services for 2018 and as a potential stand-in this season .
The Briton made clear last November that he was not expecting to return -- and it is not clear whether he would be willing to do so now -- but he has kept fit competing in triathlons and training in California .
Button won the 2009 Monaco Grand Prix from pole position , one of his 15 career victories , and was also on the podium in 2004 and 2011 . He has 305 races under his belt .
McLaren 's executive director Zak Brown said on Wednesday there was no replacement in place for Alonso but a decision would be taken soon .
`` We have a few different options , we will state who that is when we know , '' the American said .
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin ; Editing by Ian Chadband )
Brazil 's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo , June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil 's largest lender by market value , said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA , Banco Santander , Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal .
CLEVELAND — Chris Paul had 22 points and 11 assists , Ryan Anderson added 21 points and the Houston Rockets became the latest team to thump Cleveland on national TV , beating the disconnected Cavaliers 120-88 on Saturday night .
James Harden only scored 16 — 15 below his league-leading average — but Houston rolled to its fourth straight win and improved to 11-2 since Jan. 8 .
Meanwhile , the Cavs ' downward spiral accelerated .
Since losing at Golden State on Christmas , LeBron James and his teammates are 0-8 in network broadcasts and have been embarrassed in several matchups against quality teams . They lost by 28 at Minnesota , 34 in Toronto , 24 at home to Oklahoma City and 32 to the Rockets , who toyed with the defending Eastern Conference champs .
James finished with just 11 points and did n't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead . Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland .
PISTONS 111 , HEAT 107
DETROIT ( AP ) — Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds , and Blake Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift Detroit over Miami .
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons , including a late 3-pointer of his own . Detroit has won three in a row , the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring him in a trade .
Griffin 's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101 , but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play , making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left . Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession , and Smith sank his only 3-point attempt of the game , from the right corner with 14 seconds to play .
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat , who have lost three in a row . Miami was without centre Hassan Whiteside , who was out with an illness .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
A rhino is seen after it was dehorned in an effort to deter the poaching of one of the world 's endangered species , at a farm outside Klerksdorp , in the north west province , South Africa , in this February 24 , 2016 file photo . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko/Files
FILE PHOTO : A White Rhino walks in the dusk light in Pilanesberg National Park in South Africa 's North West Province , April 18 , 2012 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo
JOHANNESBURG South Africa 's Constitutional Court has dismissed an appeal by the Department of Environmental Affairs to keep a moratorium on the domestic trade in rhino horn , according to court documents seen by Reuters on Wednesday .
Pelham Jones , chairman of South Africa 's Private Rhino Owners Association ( PROA ) which was one of the respondents in the case , told Reuters the decision meant that the sale of rhino horns was legal in South Africa .
`` We welcome the Constitutional Court ruling , we believe it is a right we have been entitled to , '' he told Reuters .
A global ban in the horn trade , which is regulated by a U.N. convention , remains in place , which means horn acquired legally in South Africa can not be exported from the country .
In May last year , South Africa 's Supreme Court of Appeal dismissed the government 's bid to uphold a ban on the domestic trade in rhino horn put in place in 2009 . The Constitutional Court was its last judicial option .
`` This court ... has concluded that the application should be dismissed with costs as it lacks reasonable prospects of success , '' the Constitutional Court said in a brief order .
A spokeswoman for South Africa 's Department of Environmental Affairs said it would issue a statement shortly .
The court action was initiated by private rhino ranchers and other associations , who say they need to sell horn to afford spiraling security costs which include armed patrols , helicopters and electric fencing .
According to the latest figures from PROA , over 6,500 rhinos are in private hands in South Africa , over a third of the national population .
Rhino horn can be harvested as it grows back and it can be removed from a tranquilized animal .
$ 2 BILLION STOCKPILE
The government has not revealed the size of its rhino horn stockpile but PROA estimates its members have around 6 tonnes and reckons the state has close to 25 tonnes . The combined 31 tonnes could fetch $ 2 billion by some estimates .
Conservationists have expressed concerns that domestic buyers could also illicitly supply markets in Vietnam and China , where demand for rhino horn - coveted as an ingredient in traditional medicine - has triggered a wave of poaching .
The number of rhinos poached for their horns in South Africa fell 10 percent in 2016 to 1,054 , the second straight year of decline according to government data , but conservationists have said the levels remain alarming .
Rhino poaching rates in South Africa had surged from 83 in 2008 to a record 1,215 in 2014 to meet red-hot demand in newly affluent Asian countries such as Vietnam .
South Africa has more than 80 percent of the world 's rhino population with about 18,000 white rhinos and close to 2,000 black rhinos , which is why it has been at the front line of the horn poaching crisis involving global crime syndicates .
But Jones said PROA was consulting with security firms to ensure `` blood horns '' did not enter the market .
`` We are in an advanced stage of setting up a domestic trade desk and are consulting with economists to determine market prices , '' he told Reuters .
Trade will still be subject to regulation by the government , which issues permits . Potential domestic buyers could include those who see rhino horn as a store of wealth that could appreciate in value and those who want it as a decoration .
( Reporting by Ed Stoddard ; Editing by James Macharia and Stephen Powell )
HONG KONG , March 29 Boosting private sector investment remains a challenge for the Indian economy , Arvind Subramanian , chief economic adviser to the finance ministry told the annual Credit Suisse Asian Investment Conference in Hong Kong on Wednesday .
Annual gross domestic product ( GDP ) INGDPQ=ECI growth for the October-December period came in at 7.0 percent , a tad slower than 7.4 percent in the previous quarter but much faster than the 6.4 percent expansion forecast by economists in a Reuters poll . ( Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee , writing by Farah Master ; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Sprint Corp reported quarterly revenue on Friday that beat analyst estimates , as the No . 4 U.S. wireless carrier raised its free cash flow outlook for the 2017 fiscal year .
Shares rose 3.7 percent to $ 5.29 in early trading , a day after sliding 5.7 percent to their lowest in a year and a half .
The company has sought to strengthen its balance sheet by cutting costs and mortgaging a portion of its airwaves and equipment , but industry analysts have raised concerns about how it can adequately fund network improvements after merger talks with rival T-Mobile US Inc ended last year .
Sprint now expects $ 2.5 billion to $ 2.7 billion in operating income , up from its previous estimate of $ 2.1 billion to $ 2.5 billion . It expects adjusted free cash flow of $ 500 million to $ 700 million , compared to previous estimates of breaking even .
“ We think recent weakness in shares is reflective of lowered investor expectations , while in-line to slightly better financial results could provide some near-term relief , ” said Matthew Niknam , analyst at Deutsche Bank , in a research note .
On the post-earnings conference call , Sprint Chief Executive Officer Marcelo Claure said Sprint would launch a mobile 5G network in the United States by the first half of 2019 .
FILE PHOTO : The logo of U.S. mobile network operator Sprint Corp is seen at a Sprint store in San Marcos , California August 3 , 2015 . REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
The company is also looking for ways to reduce the number of executives at the top , he said . Sprint cut costs by about $ 260 million in the quarter , excluding $ 100 million of hurricane-related charges .
Claure said “ becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of ( SoftBank Group Corp ) could be a possibility ” but that the decision would be up to SoftBank Chief Executive Masayoshi Son . Japan 's SoftBank owns a majority of Sprint and has been increasing its stake .
For the quarter , Sprint reported net additions of 184,000 phone subscribers who pay a monthly bill , compared to additions of 368,000 a year earlier .
Net operating revenue in the third quarter ended Dec. 31 was $ 8.24 billion , down from $ 8.55 billion a year earlier .
Sprint reported quarterly net income of $ 7.16 billion , or $ 1.79 per share , due to the impact of federal tax reforms , after a loss of $ 479 million , or 12 cents per share , a year earlier .
Excluding the impact of tax cuts signed into law by U.S. President Donald Trump late last year , net income was 3 cents a share .
According to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S , analysts had expected revenue of $ 8.15 billion and a net loss of 4 cents a share .
March 30 Energy Transfer Equity LP
* Energy Transfer Equity invests $ 300 million in Sunoco LP through preferred equity private placement
* Energy Transfer Equity LP says proceeds from preferred unit issuance will be used by Sun to repay borrowings under its revolving credit facility
* Energy Transfer Equity LP - purchase of Sun preferred units by Ete has been approved by board of directors of both partnerships
* Energy Transfer Equity - distribution rate of 10.00 pct/annum of stated liquidation preference of $ 25.00 to change to annual floating rate of 3-month libor plus spread of 8.0 pct Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON/BOSTON Bharat R. Ramamurti , a legislative aide for Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren , is a contender for one of the vacancies on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , according to people familiar with the matter .
Ramamurti is senior counsel to Warren on banking and economic policy and she is staunchly backing him for the SEC job , one of the sources told Reuters .
The sources spoke anonymously because deliberations on candidates for the SEC , which is the primary regulator that polices and writes rules for Wall Street , are not public .
Ramamurti declined to comment .
A source said a decision on the post was not imminent . In prior instances with President Donald Trump 's administration , candidates in the running for positions were sometimes dropped after their names became public .
Other names that are in the mix include Vermont Law School professor Jennifer Taub , the AFL-CIO 's office of investment director Heather Slavkin Corzo and Andy Green , a managing director at the Center for American Progress who previously worked for SEC Democratic Commissioner Kara Stein , the sources told Reuters .
Taub and Green declined to comment and Slavkin Corzo could not be immediately reached .
A spokesperson for the White House declined to comment , saying he could not discuss personnel matters .
Trump must nominate three people to fill out the five-member panel , which currently is down to two commissioners - Acting Chairman Michael Piwowar , a Republican , and Stein .
The nomination of Wall Street deal-making attorney Jay Clayton , Trump 's choice to lead the SEC , was approved by the Senate Banking Committee earlier this month .
Clayton , an independent , is still awaiting confirmation by the full Senate , which is currently away for Easter recess .
Trump has not yet formally nominated anyone else for the remaining SEC spots - one Democrat and one Republican .
Warren , a progressive Democrat , has been critical of the Trump administration 's plans to roll back the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law .
She voted against Clayton 's nomination , saying his employment as a lawyer at Sullivan & Cromwell representing large banks creates too many conflicts of interest and may prevent him from being a tough regulator .
As her counsel on the banking committee , Ramamurti has played a prominent role in shaping Warren 's policy agenda . He helped steer her investigative efforts into the Wells Fargo fake accounts scandal and worked on bipartisan efforts to broker a deal on housing reforms for mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
( Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch in Washington and Svea Herbst-Bayliss in Boston ; Editing by Chris Reese and Bill Trott )
UPDATE 1-Britain 's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON , June 15 Europe 's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights .
Focus on one item at a time . You could feel as if you are fighting an uphill battle . You might need to take a step back . You might sense that someone is acting in a controlling manner . Working with this person could be close to impossible .
VIRGO ( Aug. 23-Sept. 22 )
You might feel pressured to perform or manifest certain key qualities because of a higher-up 's request . You will do your best , and your creativity is likely to challenge others , including this person . A partner applauds a job well done .
LIBRA ( Sept. 23-Oct. 22 )
You could be pushing others harder than you realize . You might want to challenge someone who is considered to be an expert . Be ready for a strong reaction . Listen to what is being said , but do not hesitate to present your case as well .
SCORPIO ( Oct. 23-Nov. 21 )
You might want to make a move but feel as if it is n't possible . Be aware of someone else 's limitations when discussing deep feelings . Confusion can breed mystery as well as attraction . Perhaps you might not want to cause yourself a problem .
SAGITTARIUS ( Nov. 22-Dec. 21 )
You could be thinking of alternative ideas as a key person presents what he or she feels works . Why not work on a compromise ? You will discover that you can build an even stronger bond by softening your need to challenge this person .
CAPRICORN ( Dec. 22-Jan. 19 )
You might feel off-kilter as you deal with a problem involving your work . How you see a situation could change if you try to identify with an associate 's thinking . Understand where this person is coming from , Listen to a suggestion more carefully .
AQUARIUS ( Jan. 20-Feb. 18 )
Allow your ingenuity to meet the demands of the day . How you handle a difficult situation will be very important . Others recognize that the situation is problematic and might trigger you . You can clear up the issue with ease .
PISCES ( Feb. 19-March 20 )
An innate tension could cause a problem with a roommate or family member . Be more direct in how you deal with this person , as he or she might add to your negativity right now . Be willing to walk away from the situation , if need be .
Liam Gallagher was `` drinking too much '' after Oasis split .
The 45-year-old singer admitted that he went off the rails for a while in between the band 's split in 2009 - after a furious bust-up between Liam and his brother Noel - and his current comeback as a solo artist .
He told USA Today : `` A lot of personal stuff was going on . I was drinking too much . Then I thought , `` You know what ? I 'm gon na go live in Spain , get me head together and get some sun on me bones . ' ''
And Liam revealed his comeback with his new album 'As You Were ' was not influenced by a desire to recapture his fame but he simply wanted to get back to making music again .
He said : `` I did n't go , ' I just wrote a song because I 'm not famous anymore and I must get back to the top of the charts ' There 's none of that nonsense . I do n't need to get any more famous . God , no . I did n't miss it terribly . I just wanted the universe to plow me some songs , which it did . If you 're good to rock 'n ' roll , it 'll be good to you . And I 've been good to rock 'n ' roll . ''
Liam was the frontman in his and Noel 's former band and while Noel has also gone on to find solo success , Liam claimed is not impressed with his 50-year-old brother 's voice .
Speaking about his own voice , he said : `` I should have taken better care of it . But I 'm a snarly rock 'n ' roll singer . You do n't want to start watering it down because you 'll end up sounding like Noel Gallagher . And we do n't want that . ''
Meanwhile , Liam recently admitted he misses being in a band with his brother .
He said : `` I would prefer to be in a band , and we should never ever have split up , but I 'm certainly not yearning for it , you know what I mean ? I was - I needed it four years ago , but I certainly do n't f * * * ing need it now . I prefer to be in a band - one that makes the same kind of racket as Oasis . I miss being in a band with my brother . But it 's not happening . ''
* FTSE 100 down 0.5 pct
* On track to mark gain for Q1 2017
* South Africa-facing stocks fall
By Kit Rees
LONDON , March 31 Britain 's top share index fell on Friday as South Africa-exposed stocks such as Old Mutual dropped , though the FTSE 100 was still on track to mark its fourth quarter of straight gains .
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was down 0.5 percent at 7,331.32 points by 0850 GMT , in line with a broader decline among European indexes .
Shares in South Africa-facing insurer Old Mutual slumped nearly 6 percent after President Jacob Zuma sacked finance minister Pravin Gordhan , sending the rand and government bonds lower .
Other firms with South Africa exposure , such as Mondi and Mediclinic , also fell , while mid cap Investec dropped 8.5 percent .
`` They 're all exposed to the South African rand , so whenever you have turmoil down there , such as Zuma firing the finance minister , the rand ... weakens , '' Mike van Dulken , head of research at Accendo Markets , said .
Miners also put pressure on the index , as Anglo American , BHP Billiton and Antofagasta fell between 2.5 percent to 3.4 percent , tracking weaker metals prices lower .
There were more dramatic moves among British mid caps , which overall fell 0.5 percent .
Shares in life sciences and tech investor Allied Mind were down 5.4 percent , hit by a double downgrade from Jefferies which cut the stock to an `` underperform '' rating from `` buy '' , with analysts saying that writedowns of assets seem more likely than sudden value uplifts .
Among the risers , banking stock Shawbrook rose to its highest level in more than a year , up 9.8 percent after receiving a formal buyout offer for 842.4 million pounds ( $ 1.05 billion ) from private equity firms Pollen Street Capital and BC Partners .
Shawbrook has previously rejected the same proposal , then valued at 825 million pounds .
`` We still think this represents a huge undervaluation , but given poor performance by management in defence so far , we would expect this to get done , '' Gary Greenwood , analyst at Shore Capital , said in a note .
Overall , British stocks were set to end March with a slight gain , with the FTSE 100 up 0.9 percent and the mid caps up 0.7 percent .
The FTSE 100 was also on track to mark a 2.6 percent gain for the first quarter of 2017 , its fourth quarter of gains in a row as its dollar-earning firms have benefited from a weaker sterling since Britain 's vote to leave the European Union in June 2016 .
The more domestically exposed mid caps were also on track to post a 4.6 percent gain for the quarter , their third straight quarterly rise . ( Reporting by Kit Rees ; Editing by Alison Williams )
In a few months , AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape . It was 20 years ago that `` AIM '' went online . It quickly exploded in popularity , peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors .
For many of us , AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems , the sound of a `` handshake '' and the phrase `` You 've Got Mail . ''
`` AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift , but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed , '' says Michael Albers , vice president of communications product at Oath Inc. , a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year .
On Twitter , a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM 's demise , people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised .
`` You likely remember the CD , your first screenname , your carefully curated away messages , and how you organized your buddy lists , '' Albers says . `` In the late 1990 's , the world had never seen anything like it . And it captivated all of us . ''
In fact , by 2001 , AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide , but as Techcrunch.com writes :
`` It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ , and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN . But eventually text messaging , Google 's GChat and Facebook took over , while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile . That led to AOL 's fall from grace , going from being valued at $ 224 billion in today 's money to just $ 4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015 . For context on the business AOL let slip away , WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $ 19 billion . ''
`` We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades ; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997 , '' AOL writes on the AIM help page . `` Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want . We 're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products . ''
If you still have an AIM account , you can keep using it until December 15 . After that , you will no longer be able to sign on .
São Paulo , April 12 Brazilian power utility Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais SA will step up efforts to renegotiate existing debt and sell assets as a way to delay 4.837 billion reais ( $ 1.5 billion ) worth of debt maturities by the end of this year , executives said on Wednesday .
Cemig , as the utility is known , is also considering existing options in capital markets to reduce a 52 percent stake in Light Energia SA , said Chief Financial Officer Adezio Lima , without elaborating . Lima spoke on a conference call to discuss fourth-quarter financial results .
( $ 1 = 3.1525 reais ) ( Reporting by Luciano Costa ; Writing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
The remains of a shell pictured along a street in rebel-held area of southern city of Deraa , Syria April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
People walk along a damaged street in rebel-held area of southern city of Deraa , Syria April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
A rebel fighter stands near damaged buildings in rebel-held area of southern city of Deraa , Syria April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
BEIRUT The Syrian army and allied forces advanced against rebels in western Syria near Hama city on Sunday , building on recent strategic gains in the area , a military source and a monitoring group said .
Government forces captured the town of Halfaya and nearby villages , they said , taking back territory that rebels seized last year from forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad .
`` We gained control of Halfaya and several hills in the area , '' the Syrian military source said . `` The army will of course continue its fight . ''
Boosted by Russian air strikes and Iranian-backed militias , the Syrian army has pushed into rebel areas north of Hama , expanding its control this week along the western highway that links Damascus and Aleppo .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a Britain-based war monitoring group , said the army began advancing into areas near Halfaya when rebels withdrew on Sunday , following intense battles and air strikes .
Rebels confirmed the town had fallen after several days of relentless air strikes by jets from Russia and Syria which are accused of a `` scorched earth policy '' that uses phosphorus and incendiary bombs on civilian areas .
`` Russian jets had intensified their bombing ahead of the ground offensive the regime launched . This allowed them to advance , '' said Mohamed Rasheed , spokesman for the Free Syrian Army 's ( FSA ) Jaish al Nasr rebel group .
Warplanes have pounded Halfaya and swathes of territory near the highway in a region vitally important to Assad 's government , which has shored up its rule in the populated west of the country .
Rebel factions , spearheaded by jihadists from the former al-Qaeda affiliate and also including Free Syrian Army groups , have been fighting fiercely to defend the towns in recent days .
The army 's earlier capture of Soran , its northern gateway to Hama city , meant it had reversed most of the territorial gains rebels made in their major offensive last month .
With the help of its allies , the government has gained the military upper hand in the six-year war against the wide array of rebels , including some groups supported by Turkey , the United States and Gulf monarchies .
( Reporting by Ellen Francis ; editing by Clelia Oziel and Mary Milliken )
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed working together to end the violence in Syria on Tuesday in their first phone call since U.S. air strikes in Syria strained U.S.-Russian relations .
The White House said the two leaders agreed that `` all parties must do all they can to end the violence '' in Syria and that Trump and Putin also discussed working together against Islamic militants throughout the Middle East .
`` The conversation was a very good one , and included the discussion of safe , or de-escalation , zones to achieve lasting peace for humanitarian and many other reasons , '' a White House statement said .
Trump 's decision to launch 59 cruise missiles against a Syrian airfield on April 4 in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack angered the Russians and led to some bitter exchanges between the two governments .
The White House statement said Washington will send a representative to Syrian cease-fire talks in Astana , Kazakhstan , on Wednesday and Thursday .
`` They also discussed at length working together to eradicate terrorism throughout the Middle East . Finally , they spoke about how best to resolve the very dangerous situation in North Korea , '' the statement said .
( Reporting by Steve Holland ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Police are searching for a man who was strolling his toddler while allegedly breaking into cars in Richmond 's Jackson Ward neighborhood .
A Jackson Ward community that was fed up with the early morning car break-ins reached out to CBS 6 Crime Insider Jon Burkett , hoping for arrests .
The area targeted is between Marshall and Clay Streets with Brook Road being the divider .
Crime Insider sources say that surveillance video shows a man strolling his toddler at 4 a.m . They believe he was using the child as a distraction so his accomplice could pull on door handles and rummage through cars .
Barbara Given , a Jackson Ward business owner , was one of their victims .
`` I just think it 's a shame that they ca n't get a job and earn some legitimate money , '' she said .
If you have any information you are asked to call Crime Stoppers at 780-1000.​
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice ( GMP ) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration , for pills ( condensed pills ) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11 , 2022
The Hamilton Tool Library announced Friday on Facebook that it has closed .
The nonprofit library is no longer in operation , effective immediately , the posting on its site said .
`` It is with heavy hearts and great disappointment that we reach out today with unfortunate news to our members , friends , and community , '' it began .
The closure is the result of financial problems .
ROUYN NORANDA , Que . — A barber from western Quebec is drawing widespread praise for going out of his way to accommodate a young client with autism .
A photo posted online last week shows Francis `` Franz '' Jacob lying on the floor of his Rouyn-Noranda shop as he gives a young boy named Wyatt a haircut .
The 45-year-old says he 's stunned by all the attention he 's gotten after the photo was widely shared on social media sites .
Jacob says Wyatt does n't usually sit still for haircuts so he bought a pair of wireless clippers in order to follow him around .
April 12 PSG Group Ltd :
* Expects that FY HEPS will be between R9.95 and R10.05 , being between 49.4 pct and 50.9 pct higher than R6.66 reported for year ended Feb. 29 , 2016
* Expects FY recurring HEPS will be between R9.20 and R9.30 , being between 16.8 pct and 18.0 pct higher than R7.88 reported year ago Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
BELGRADE , April 28 The Serbian central bank purchased an unspecified amount of euros on the local interbank market on Friday to stem gains of the dinar currency , dealers said .
The bank which last bought euros last December , stepped in as the dinar traded at 122.95 to the euro , 0.3 up percent compared to the previous close . After the intervention the dinar traded at 123.23 at 0940GMT .
The dinar rallied against euro due to weak demand for the common currency ahead of May 1 bank holiday , dealers said . ( Reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic ; Editing by Ivana Sekularac )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The Latest : Trump celebrates service members ahead of July 4
Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 President Donald Trump arrives to speak to a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump arrives to speak to a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP The Latest : Trump celebrates service members ahead of July 4 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on President Donald Trump in West Virginia ( all times local ) :
10:20 p.m .
President Donald Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute on the eve of Independence Day .
The president spoke Tuesday during a `` Salute to Service '' charity dinner at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia . He praised `` Americans of every generation '' who have served in the armed forces .
The event was held in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic , which has been rechristened as `` A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier . '' The venerable resort is owned by the state 's Republican governor , presidential ally Jim Justice .
Highlighting his efforts to boost spending for the military , Trump said , `` As the golfers can tell you , the stronger we get , the less likely it is that we will have to use it . ''
___
7:15 p.m .
President Donald Trump is defending U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement during an appearance at a `` Salute to Service '' charity dinner in West Virginia .
Trump is responding to calls from some Democrats to abolish the agency charged with detaining and deporting unauthorized immigrants .
He says , `` We 're not abandoning ICE and we 're not abandoning law enforcement . ''
Trump is also praising ICE agents as tough people who are sent in to confront `` nests of MS-13 '' gang members .
Trump says , `` it 's like you 're liberating a town '' and , `` Sometimes they have to go in swinging . ''
Trump is speaking at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs at an event honoring active-duty service members and veterans .
The dinner is being held in conjunction with a golf tournament previously known as the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic .
__
1:45 p.m .
President Donald Trump heads to West Virginia on Tuesday to express appreciation to active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute .
The White House says Trump is delivering remarks at a `` Salute to Service '' charity dinner at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs . The White House says the dinner is being held in conjunction with another event previously known as the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic . Trump is an avid golfer .
The event will mark Trump 's latest appearance in a state he won by more than 40 percentage points in 2016 and where Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin is seeking re-election .
Trump has criticized Manchin for voting against tax cuts Trump enacted last year . Manchin is among Democrats with whom Trump recently discussed the vacancy on the Supreme Court .
An aid convoy of food and medical supplies reaches the rebel-held besieged Syrian town of Douma , Damascus , Syria May 3 , 2017 . Picture taken May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Relief workers unload parcels of humanitarian aid in the rebel-held besieged Syrian town of Douma , Damascus , Syria May 3 , 2017 . Picture taken May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
An aid convoy of food and medical supplies reaches the rebel-held besieged Syrian town of Douma , Damascus , Syria May 3 , 2017 . Picture taken May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
Relief workers unload humanitarian aid in the rebel-held besieged Syrian town of Douma , Damascus , Syria May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Relief workers unload parcels of humanitarian aid in the rebel-held besieged Syrian town of Douma , Damascus , Syria May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
BEIRUT An aid convoy of food and medical supplies has reached the besieged Syrian town of Douma for the first time since October , the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) said on Tuesday .
Along with the United Nations and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent , the ICRC went into Douma with 51 trucks loaded with aid for 35,000 people , it said on Twitter .
A U.N. official in Syria said the convoy had entered late at night , carrying food rations , health supplies and other emergency items , and the mission was still ongoing .
The U.N. had said in March that fighting around Syria 's capital , Damascus , cut 300,000 people off from aid in the rebel-held suburbs of eastern Ghouta , under siege by government forces since 2013 .
Food stocks are dwindling and informal supply routes were cut in the pocket of farms and towns near Damascus . Douma has not received any UN aid since October and supplies have not entered Kafr Batna since last June , the U.N. has said .
U.N. Syria humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland , who had called on the warring sides to allow aid in , said last month it was `` very , very urgent '' to get to eastern Ghouta where 400,000 people live .
( Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva , writing by Ellen Francis in Beirut , editing by G Crosse )
The federal privacy commissioner said Monday it has opened a formal investigation into the large data breach that Uber announced in November .
The decision to launch the probe comes weeks after Uber disclosed that hackers stole the personal information from 57 million Uber accounts close to a year earlier .
News of the breach prompted authorities in the U.S. and U.K. to launch formal investigations immediately , while the commissioner in Canada initially asked that Uber file a report explaining how the breach happened and its impact on Canadians .
The privacy commissioner gave little detail in announcing the now formal investigation , noting confidentiality provisions under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act .
Uber Canada spokesman Jean-Christophe de le Rue said the company will co-operate with the investigation .
`` The privacy of riders and drivers is of paramount importance at Uber and we will continue to work with the privacy commissioner on this matter . ''
Uber has started to provide details elsewhere on the number of potential users affected , including about 2.7 million people in the U.K. , but has not disclosed how many of its roughly two million Canadian users may have been hit .
With little information forthcoming , Toronto city council voted last week to demand information from the company on the breach based on requirements in their license agreement with the city .
The company is also facing lawsuits , including one from Washington State , for failing to disclose the breach despite laws requiring it to do so .
Feb 1 ( Reuters ) - Northwest Healthcare Properties Reit :
* NORTHWEST HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST ANNOUNCES SIGNIFICANT ACQUISITION , DISPOSITION , AND REFINANCING ACTIVITY AND TIMING OF FOURTH QUARTER 2017 RESULTS
* TO BUY THREE GERMAN MEDICAL OFFICE PROPERTIES AND TWO GERMAN POST-ACUTE CARE HOSPITALS AND FIVE HOSPITALS FOR C $ 314M​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON , June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel , a Democrat , to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU , June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session , as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice . FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $ 1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT . * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $ 1,265.90 per ounce . * Spot gold hit a session low of $ 1,256.65 on Wednesda
Red Deer RCMP arrested a man last Friday evening after the stolen truck he was driving crashed into a south Red Deer storefront , six parked vehicles and a police cruiser before fleeing police ; RCMP located the suspect hiding in a north Red Deer apartment shortly afterward .
Shortly before 5:30 pm on March 16th , RCMP on patrol located a suspicious truck with a stolen license plate as it drove in south Red Deer .
Due to public safety concerns , RCMP tracked the truck at a distance until it parked in the 2300 block of 50th Ave. before moving to block it in .
When RCMP pulled in behind the suspect truck , it accelerated and reversed rapidly a number of times , crashing into the windows of the business it was parked in front of , the police cruiser and a number of parked vehicles around it . I
n its efforts to flee , the truck narrowly avoided striking police officers who were on foot in the parking lot . There were a number of civilians in the parking lot , on foot and in vehicles , and police officers focused their efforts on ensuring the safety of those bystanders while the truck fled at a high rate of speed .
Luckily , no one was injured in this series of fast-paced collisions ; however , the truck caused significant damage to the storefront , to six parked vehicles and to the police vehicle .
RCMP identified the suspect driving the truck , and quickly located him after further reports from the public of suspicious activity and a suspicious truck parked at an apartment building in the 5100 block of 60th St .
RCMP contained the area with support from Police Dog Services and located the suspect in one of the apartments , where he was taken into custody without incident . At the time of his arrest , the suspect was wanted on an outstanding warrant for breaching his probation .
The truck driven by the suspect had been reported stolen out of Red Deer the morning of March 4th after it was left unlocked and running . It was heavily damaged as a result of the collisions .
Jesse James Leckner , 27 , faces the following charges related to this incident in addition to his outstanding warrant : possession of stolen property over $ 5,000 ; possession of stolen property under $ 5,000 ; dangerous operation of motor vehicle ; assault on police ( two counts ) ; resisting a peace officer ; mischief over $ 5,000 ; fail to stop or remain at scene ( eight counts ) and fail to comply with probation .
Leckner faces further charges in relation to a series of incidents involving a stolen truck , flight from police and two gas and dash reports spanning the time period between Feb. 5th and Feb. 24th . Those charges are as follows – theft under $ 5,000 ( two counts ) ; possession of stolen property over $ 5,000 ; fail to stop for police and fail to comply with probation .
Leckner was remanded to appear in court in Red Deer on March 19th to speak to all the above charges .
“ The series of incidents Friday night posed a grave risk to the public , and we were able to move quickly on it and make the arrest as a result of intelligence gathered by police and great cooperation from the public , ” says Staff Sgt . Rob Marsollier with the Red Deer RCMP .
“ We were able to bring this incident to a successful conclusion with no injury to innocent bystanders or police officers , thanks to good old-fashioned police work , tips from the public and the quick cooperation of a number of people in sharing footage from various surveillance cameras with police . ”
A priest read a man his last rites , then he started moving
SKOWHEGAN , Maine ( AP ) — The mother of a Maine man who was shot in the head with a pellet gun says he began showing signs of life less than an hour after a priest read him his last rites at the hospital .
Lauri Quimby tells the Bangor Daily News a doctor said her 19-year-old son Charles Quimby would n't live Sunday . But instead , she says he started moving shortly after the priest arrived .
Lauri Quimby says the pellet is still lodged in her son 's head as of Tuesday , but he is breathing on his own and able to speak to doctors .
Police say a 20-year-old man shot Charles Quimby Sunday in Skowhegan .
The shooting is still under investigation , and no charges have been filed .
___
Information from : Bangor Daily News , http : //www.bangordailynews.com
SHANGHAI , April 6 Seven people have been arrested in China for unspecified real estate violations in an area slated to become the country 's newest special economic zone , the China Daily newspaper reported on Thursday .
A government committee formed to prepare for the Xiongan New Area , in northern Hebei province , found 765 cases of real estate violations and had shut down 71 sales offices , the newspaper quoted a statement from the body as saying .
It did not give details of the violations .
News on Saturday of the plan to set up the zone in Hebei , which will be modeled on the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone , sent bargain-hunters flocking to the 100 sq km ( 40 sq miles ) area .
By Sunday , average apartment prices in the region had almost doubled , hotels were full and residents complained about traffic jams as out-of-towners from Beijing and beyond descended on the area 100 km ( 60 miles ) southwest of the capital , the Global Times newspaper had reported .
The government responded by banning property sales in the counties where the zone will be situated , forcing real estate agents to shut and frustrating would-be investors .
Hebei 's Communist Party leader , Zhao Kezhi , said the area would implement `` the most stringent control '' of the property sector and send a warning to would-be speculators by punishing illegal activity swiftly , the newspaper reported . ( Reporting by John Ruwitch ; Editing by Paul Tait )
March 31 Neusoft Corp
* Says its 2016 net profit up 379.1 percent y/y at 1.85 billion yuan ( $ 268.62 million )
* Says it plans to invest a combined 367.8 million yuan to set up three unitsSource text in Chinese : bit.ly/2nlb5LC ; bit.ly/2nFEgwA ; bit.ly/2nFEhk8 ; bit.ly/2nlgodZ Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8870 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL , June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar , foreign ministry sources said , in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries .
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
The comedian and actor was speaking at the premiere of new film Swimming With Men
Comedian and actor Rob Brydon has said he thinks male screen actors are under more pressure to look good for longer into their careers than ever before .
Brydon , 53 , was speaking at the premiere of his new film Swimming With Men at London 's Mayfair Curzon Cinema .
In the film , Brydon plays an accountant suffering a mid-life crisis who escapes from his marriage and work troubles by joining an amateur men 's synchronised swimming team .
He and co-stars Jim Carter , 69 , and Rupert Graves , 55 , appear in much of the film in their swimming trunks .
The cast of Swimming With Men at the film 's premiere in London ( Ian West/PA )
When asked by the Press Association if male actors were increasingly expected to look younger in order to extend their careers , as female actors have traditionally been , Brydon said : “ I think so yes .
“ There are some male actors who seem suspiciously youthful . As the years go by , you 're thinking ‘ surely by now… ' . ”
He jokingly added : I 'm clearly not one of them , but there are those and you think ‘ bloomin ' heck ' .
“ I 'm not going to name any names , but there are some out there and you think ‘ you must be 106 now ' , and they look good !
“ I suppose if you are looking at body issues , this film says ‘ be yourself ' . There is a part in it where we say ‘ stop holding you bellies in ' . Just be who you are . ”
The Welsh actor was also asked whether he would be supporting England or Sweden in the sides ' World Cup quarter-final match on Saturday .
Brydon replied : “ I want England to win , of course I do . I think it 's so petty-minded to say ‘ I 'm Welsh , I hope they lose ' . It 's great for Britain if they win . ”
Brydon was joined on the event 's blue carpet by co-star Charlotte Riley , who plays the team 's coach in the movie .
Swimming With Men star Charlotte Riley with husband Tom Hardy ( Ian West/PA )
When asked if she thought male actors were now under similar pressure as their female colleagues to look good physically , Riley replied : “ I think that it is a personal thing .
“ You will find female actors who could n't give two f * * * s about how their body changes over the years , from child birth to the menopause , and you think you get men who it 's incredibly important to and others who embrace getting older .
“ There is increasing pressure on men , whether actors choose to adhere to it is a very individual thing . ”
Riley was joined at the premiere by her husband , Academy Award nominated actor Tom Hardy .
Riley confirmed that while she and Hardy , 40 , had nothing planned , they would like to work together again after appearing together in TV dramas Wuthering Heights and The Take .
Swimming With Men is in cinemas throughout the UK from July 6 .
© Press Association 2018
Red Sox first baseman Moreland leaves game with back spasms
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- - Boston Red Sox first baseman Mitch Moreland left Tuesday 's game against the Washington Nationals with back spasms .
Boston listed Moreland as day to day .
Moreland singled in his only plate appearance and scored a run in the second inning . He was replaced in the third by Steve Pearce .
The 32-year-old Moreland is hitting .288 with 11 home runs and 40 RBIs this season .
March 31 Solt Works Co Ltd :
* Says all of its second series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on March 31
* Says it has raised 5 billion won in total
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/9p2x5J
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
The offices of Pacific Investment Management Co ( PIMCO ) are shown in Newport Beach , California August 4 , 2015 . REUTERS/Mike Blake
NEW YORK Pacific Investment Management Co on Friday liquidated its RAE Worldwide Fundamental Advantage PLUS Fund , a global-neutral fund which had more than $ 4 billion in assets under management in 2014 , according to the Newport Beach , California-based firm 's website .
The portfolio 's strategy included long exposure to a portfolio of stocks through the `` RAE Fundamental U.S. Large Model Portfolio '' and short exposure to the S & P 500 Index , while overlaying this equity market neutral exposure with absolute return bond alpha strategy through `` AR Bond Alpha Strategy '' .
The RAE Fundamental U.S. Large Model Portfolio stocks are selected by Pimco 's long-time subadviser , Research Affiliates , LLC , which was founded and chaired by Rob Arnott , known on Wall Street as the `` godfather of smart beta . ''
`` We constantly review our suite of strategies and may liquidate a fund from time to time if we feel it no longer serves our clients needs , '' Michael Reid , spokesman for Pimco , said in a statement to Reuters . `` We are committed to RAE and will be expanding our RA relationship in equities . ''
Pimco , a unit of Munich-based insurer Allianz SE ( ALVG.DE ) , had $ 1.51 trillion in assets , has collaborated with Arnott 's firm Research Affiliates for more than a decade .
In 2015 , Pimco expanded Pimco 's RAE Fundamental lineup , which uses Research Affiliates ' `` smart beta , '' or `` fundamental indexation , '' strategy of selecting , weighting and rebalancing holdings on the basis of characteristics other than market capitalisation .
Two years ago , Pimco introduced a slate of six new equity funds in collaboration with Research Affiliates to cover U.S. large , U.S. small , international , global , global excluding U.S. and emerging markets .
The RAE Worldwide Fundamental Advantage PLUS Fund made a big comeback in terms of returns of 13.03 percent . Still , it was not enough to offset years of deep underperformance compared with the fixed-income market benchmark , the Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Total Return index , or its peers in Morningstar 's Market Neutral category .
The fund 's assets stood at just $ 316 million as of March 31 , 2017 , down from $ 4.2 billion in October 2014 .
( Editing by Bernadette Baum )
April 12 African Phoenix Investments Ltd :
* Advised that negotiations in respect of a possible acquisition have been terminated Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
Dylan Farrow wrote in the Los Angeles Times on Thursday that `` we are in the midst of a revolution '' but noted that `` the revolution has been selective . ''
She was talking about the sparing of Woody Allen , her adoptive father , whom she has long accused of sexually abusing her when she was a child . Far from being ostracized like Harvey Weinstein , Allen remains a Hollywood icon who still makes movies with big-name actors , such as the just-released `` Wonder Wheel , '' starring Kate Winslet .
Farrow 's point about the selectivity of the # MeToo movement could also apply to sportscaster Mike Tirico , who was accused of sexual harassment by a half dozen women during his time at ESPN yet is poised to lead NBC 's Olympics coverage in February .
A 2000 book , `` ESPN : The Uncensored History , '' by sports columnist Mike Freeman describes a culture of sexual harassment , drugs and gambling at the network . The book details a 1992 incident in which a female production assistant says Tirico stalked her . Another female producer says she received an email from Tirico , who was and is still married , saying he wanted to have sex with her , according to the book .
An NBC spokesperson told the Hollywood Reporter this week that `` when we hired Mike in 2016 , we were aware of the incidents from more than 25 years ago , which had been addressed in 1991-92 by ESPN , his employer at the time , and for which he has apologized . Mike has repeatedly assured us that this behaviour is long in his past , and we have no evidence of anything to the contrary in his tenure at NBC Sports . ''
ESPN added that `` these charges were aggressively addressed 25 years ago with a lengthy suspension . ''
Tirico 's previously paid penalty does separate him , to some degree , from other men whose alleged misconduct went unpunished for many years or even decades — men such as `` Today '' show host Matt Lauer , another fixture of Olympics coverage , whom NBC fired last month . NBC 's implied argument is that to discipline Tirico now would amount to double jeopardy .
Sport fans seem to accept this logic — if they have n't forgotten the old allegations , entirely . There was no public outcry when Tirico called the play-by-play action on `` Thursday Night Football '' last week .
Shortly before Tirico went on the air , however , Vanity Fair reported the following : `` In the past week , top-level managers , including ( Chairman Andy ) Lack , NBC News President Noah Oppenheim , and Editorial Senior Vice President Janelle Rodriguez , have hosted nearly 60 HR-oriented meetings with small groups of employees in order to provide reassurance and , potentially , to get ahead of any other possible scandals that could be lurking beneath the surface . ''
To be clear , there is no indication that Tirico is the subject of a scandal lurking beneath the surface . But the executives ' efforts described in Vanity Fair by Joe Pompeo and Emily Jane Fox suggest that NBC — which also recently fired political analyst Mark Halperin amid sexual harassment allegations — is acutely aware that another bad surprise would be hugely embarrassing . Given Tirico 's history , a single new accusation could make it much harder for the network to stand by the man it is counting on to succeed Bob Costas and Al Michaels .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
May 2 China Security & Fire Co Ltd :
* Says it appoints Fu Xin as new president to replace Tu GUoshen who resigns from the post
* Says Tu Guoshen will stay as chairman
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/xYfqMn
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
TORONTO — The energy sector helped Canada 's main stock index close higher , while the loonie soared after the latest rate announcement by the Bank of Canada .
The Canadian central bank kept its key interest rate on hold at 1.25 per cent , but its comments increased market expectations that it would raise the rate in July . The Canadian dollar averaged 77.54 cents US , up 0.74 of a US cent .
The S & P/TSX composite index closed up 126.05 points at 16,048.66 , led by energy and base metals .
In New York , the Dow Jones industrial average closed the session up 306.33 points at 24,667.78 . The S & P 500 index rose 34.15 points to close at 2,724.01 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 65.86 points at 7,462.45 .
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
AMSTERDAM The European Union judicial agency Eurojust said on Friday it had helped coordinate cross-border investigations in a major tax evasion investigation involving millions of euros and spanning several European countries and Australia .
Earlier on Friday , Dutch prosecutors said they had launched the investigation after receiving a tip about 50,000 suspect Swiss bank accounts . Credit Suisse said local authorities had been to their offices as part of an investigation .
Eurojust said the investigation began in 2016 and it had held three meeting with Dutch , British , French , German and Australian authorities .
`` The independent investigations gathered evidence and analyzed a huge amount of data , '' the agency said . `` The undeclared assets hidden within offshore accounts and policies are estimated in the millions of euros . ''
( Reporting by Toby Sterling ; editing by Ralph Boulton )
* Prague stocks buck CEE rise as Moneta trades ex-div * Daimler earnings , dollar retreat cause some improvement in mood * Geopolitical concerns may return * Hungarian bonds firm , still helped by Tuesday 's CPI data By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST , April 12 Central European currencies and equities mostly firmed on Wednesday as investors took a breath after selling risky assets in recent weeks due to geopolitical worries . Market participants were split as to whether sentiment towards emerging markets had actually improved , or the selling had merely lost some steam . A surge in the profit of German automaker Daimler , which has a big Mercedes-Benz production plant in Hungary , improved the mood across European stock markets , said Monika Kiss , analyst at Equilor Brokerage in Budapest . The dollar , whose strength against the euro has also weighed on Central European currencies in recent weeks , has also retreated slightly this week . `` I would say one-off factors are causing today 's relief rather than a sentiment change , '' Kiss said , adding that geopolitical risks could continue to cast a shadow on markets in the region and in the world . A Budapest-based fixed income trader saw a slight improvement in risk sentiment and said worries that France 's far-right may win the upcoming presidential election there seemed to have eased somewhat . `` Remaining worries seem to have shifted towards others ( emerging markets ) ... while Central Europe looks a bit decoupled , '' the trader added . The forint and the zloty firmed 0.1 percent against the euro in morning trade , rebounding from a one-month and a one-week low touched on Tuesday . The crown stood slightly weaker against the euro at 26.681 , off morning lows , taking a respite after increased volatility since the Czech central bank removed its cap at 27 , letting it firm after a rise in inflation in the past months . Prague 's stock index fell 0.9 percent , while other regional stock indices mostly rose or were flat . The decline was down to one share , Moneta Bank , which shed more than 8 percent to hit its lowest level since January as it traded ex-dividend . A rise in the stocks of OTP Bank and pharmaceuticals company Richter helped Budapest 's index gain 0.7 percent . Hungarian government bond yields dropped by a few basis points , with 10-year paper trading at 3.28 percent , down 2 basis points . Hungarian debt got some help , and the forint came under some pressure , from lower-than-expected 2.7 percent annual inflation reported on Tuesday . The central bank is expected to confirm its loose policy stance in the minutes of its March rate-setting meeting which it is due to publish at 1200 GMT . Department head Judit Varhegyi told state television M1 on Wednesday that the bank expected a slowdown in inflation in the coming months . CEE SNAPS AT 1026 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.68 26.66 -0.07 1.22 % 10 10 % Hungary 311.7 312.0 +0.1 -0.93 forint 200 650 1 % % Polish 4.248 4.251 +0.0 3.65 % zloty 8 5 6 % Romanian 4.513 4.515 +0.0 0.48 % leu 5 1 4 % Croatian 7.431 7.428 -0.03 1.67 % kuna 0 5 % Serbian 123.6 123.7 +0.1 -0.22 dinar 200 550 1 % % Note : daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 984.5 992.9 -0.85 +6.8 0 5 % 2 % Budapest 32438 32199 +0.7 +1.3 .86 .15 4 % 6 % Warsaw 2223 . 2221 . +0.0 +14 . 11 82 6 % 13 % Bucharest 8211 . 8200 . +0.1 +15 . 40 18 4 % 90 % Ljubljana 781.7 781.1 +0.0 +8.9 2 5 7 % 4 % Zagreb 1918 . 1939 . -1.11 -3.85 11 72 % % Belgrade 9 0 3 % 5 % Sofia 658.5 656.4 +0.3 +12 . 9 5 3 % 30 % BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d ( bid ) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 2 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.3 0.34 0.44 0 PRIBOR= > Hungary < 0.2 0.26 0.33 0.16 BUBOR= > Poland < 1.75 1.78 1.81 1.73 WIBOR= > Note : FRA are for quotes ask prices * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ( Additional reporting by Jan Lopatka in Prague ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
Greece set to get cash to pay bills , but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG , June 15 Greece 's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills , but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later .
A possibility of the Vikings bringing back wide receiver Jarius Wright emerged after the team decided to part ways with the six-year veteran last Friday . That window appears to have shut completely as the Charlotte Observer 's Scott Fowler is reporting the Panthers have signed the former Viking .
This from @ scott_fowler – who is currently on the road but called in the scoop citing a source – Panthers are expected to soon sign WR Jarius Wright to play in the slot . Most recently with the Vikings . Has experience in Norv Turner 's offense . — Jourdan Rodrigue ( @ JourdanRodrigue ) March 19 , 2018
Wright 's familiarity with Turner a big plus . And he 's a good locker room guy . What Panthers are hopeful of is that he turns into a faster Cotchery . https : //t.co/wAjLtf6oNb — Scott Fowler ( @ scott_fowler ) March 19 , 2018
Wright joins the Panthers after six up-and-down seasons in purple . His Vikings ' career finishes with 153 receptions for 2,039 yards and 10 touchdowns in 79 games .
Wright will be reunited with former Vikings ' offensive coordinator Norv Turner . Turner called the plays during Wright 's most productive stretches in Minnesota , including his 2014 season when he posted career highs in starts ( seven ) , targets ( 62 ) , catches ( 42 ) , and yards ( 588 ) .
If Wright can earn the trust of the Carolina coaching staff and keep himself on the field , he could be wildly productive manning the slot and running underneath routes for Cam Newton .
I 've always been a fan of Wright 's , who did n't possess elite athleticism or speed , but seemed to always find a way to get open and make tough catches . We wish him the best in the second chapter of his career in Carolina and will leave you with this :
New Vikings Sheldon Richardson almost got him . Nice effort , big fella !
BERLIN Volkswagen ( VOWG_p.DE ) said profit at its troubled core division soared in the first three months of the year , a sign that long-overdue cost cuts are having an impact as the carmaker seeks to move beyond its diesel emissions crisis .
VW , Europe 's biggest carmaker , is aiming to beat rivals for profitability rather than chasing sales volumes through aggressive pricing as it invests billions of euros in electric cars , new mobility services and self-drive technology .
First-quarter operating profit at VW 's largest division surged to 869 million euros ( £734.4 million ) from 73 million a year earlier , the carmaker said on Wednesday , even as its sales slipped 1.3 percent to 1.44 million vehicles .
Investors have said a turnaround at the VW brand , which has long been saddled with high fixed and R & D costs , is key to turning the German giant into a more attractive business .
Despite the damage to its reputation from the dieselgate scandal , the VW group last year eclipsed Toyota ( 7203.T ) as the world 's biggest selling carmaker .
It is facing cash outflows in the `` double-digit billion-euro range '' this year to pay for costs of the emissions cheating , CFO Frank Witter said .
The quarterly profit gain reflects VW 's improving operating performance and will help the carmaker cushion the financial blow from the scandal . VW has to date set aside 22.6 billion euros to cover the costs of dieselgate including fines and compensation payouts .
Structural changes since the scandal broke in Sept. 2015 include streamlining vehicle development , cutting material costs by reducing complexity in parts , dropping unprofitable models and shifting more power to brands and regions to respond more quickly to market needs .
`` Our efforts to improve efficiency and productivity across all areas of the company are also paying off , '' Chief Executive Matthias Mueller said .
Witter backed that up by saying that the quarterly earnings yielded the `` first tangible results '' of cost savings .
NEW MODELS
Analysts hope improvements will be sustained as VW renews core models such as the Polo subcompact and Touareg SUV and implements a hard-fought turnaround plan with its unions .
`` I can see all sorts of reasons suggesting that profit dynamics will stay high , '' said Bankhaus Metzler analyst Juergen Pieper who has a `` Buy '' recommendation on the stock .
The operating margin at VW 's core brand jumped to 4.6 percent in the January-to-March period from 0.3 percent a year ago , still lagging French rivals PSA Peugeot Citroen ( PEUP.PA ) and Renault ( RENA.PA ) but nearing its long-term 2025 target of 6 percent .
Group operating profit jumped 40 percent to 4.37 billion euros in the three months to the end of March , one of the carmaker 's highest-ever quarterly results , even as vehicle sales at the 12-brand group declined .
Shares were trading down 1 percent at 143 euros as of 0939 GMT as VW stuck to its outlook despite the robust quarterly showing .
The Wolfsburg-based group expects the 2017 return on sales to come in between 6 and 7 percent , after reaching 6.7 percent in 2016 , and group revenue to exceed last year 's record 217 billion euros by as much as 4 percent .
Quarterly profit at luxury division Audi slipped to 1.2 billion euros from 1.3 billion euros a year earlier than VW 's biggest earnings contributor grapples with falling sales in the core Chinese market while pushing new models and technologies .
( Reporting by Andreas Cremer ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
April 28 Mx Gold Corp
* MX Gold Corp. Continues to earn interest in durango smelter project in Mexico
* Has paid an additional $ 425,000 to american metal mining s.a as required under option agreement Further company coverage :
Top-ranked Rafael Nadal moved into the semifinals of the China Open by beating sixth-seeded John Isner 6-4 , 7-6 ( 0 ) on Friday .
The French Open and U.S. Open champion has won five titles this season and is closing in on the year-end No . 1 ranking .
`` I do n't remember a lot of mistakes , '' Nadal said . `` I went to the net very often . I did the things that I want to do , and I did it well , so very happy . ''
On the women 's side , unseeded Carolina Garcia of France upset third-seeded Elina Svitolina of Ukraine 6-7 ( 5 ) , 7-5 , 7-6 ( 6 ) in almost 3 1/2 hours to line up Petra Kvitova in the semifinals . Simona Halep , on course to becoming the No . 1 player in the world for the first time , faces French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko .
BERLIN The Turkish government has agreed to give Germany consular access to a German-Turkish journalist whose arrest in February soured relations between the countries , German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Monday .
The German government has repeatedly called for access to Die Welt journalist Deniz Yucel , who was arrested in Ankara on charges of propaganda in support of a terrorist organisation and inciting public violence . Yucel denies the charges .
`` This morning Turkey again officially confirmed ... that we 'll finally get access to Deniz Yucel tomorrow to see for ourselves how he is doing after difficult days in prison , '' Gabriel said in a statement .
A Turkish source with information on the matter said it was `` highly likely '' the visit would take place on Tuesday .
Yucel faces up to 10-1/2 years in jail if convicted .
Relations between Turkey and Germany have been further strained following bans on planned rallies by Turkish ministers in Germany to drum up support for Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan .
( Reporting by Thorsten Severin , Gernot Heller and Klaus Lauer in Berlin ; additional reporting by Ece Toksabay ; Writing by Michelle Martin , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. , May 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
U.S. short-term interest rate futures were down slightly on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve kept rates unchanged at its May meeting but signalled it remains on track for its second rate hike of the year in June .
Traders continue to see slightly less than even odds of a third rate hike for 2017 in December , based on the price of fed funds futures contracts traded at CME Group Inc 's Chicago Board of Trade , as analyzed by Reuters .
( Reporting by Ann Saphir ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
April 12 Getin Noble Bank SA :
* Said on Tuesday that its management resolved to increase its share capital by 50.0 million zlotys ( $ 12.48 million ) via issue of 18.3 million series B shares at issue price 2.73 zloty per share
* Series B shares to be offered in private subscription to entities affiliated with chairman of supervisory board Leszek Czarnecki without pre-emptive rights
* The resolution is subject to shareholders ' approval , a meeting has been called for May 9
* The company plans to allocate FY 2016 net profit for reserve capital
Source text for Eikon : ,
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 4.0073 zlotys ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Demonstrators clash with a riot police armored car during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Venezuelan National guards fire tear gas toward opposition supporters during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator throws back a tear gas canister during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators run away from tear gas during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator throws back a tear gas canister during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro speaks during his weekly broadcast 'Los Domingos con Maduro ' ( The Sundays with Maduro ) in Caracas , Venezuela . Miraflores Palace/via REUTERS
A demonstrator builds a barricade during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters argue with a driver as they block a highway during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Gaby Arellano ( C ) , lawmaker of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties ( MUD ) , talks to people during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator walks away from tear gas during a protest against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Volunteers , members of a primary care response team , kneel behind a tree during clashes with security forces at a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators using makeshift shields clash with police during rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator prepares to throw a Molotov cocktail during clashes with riot police while rallying against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Julio Borges ( C ) , President of the National Assembly and deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties ( MUD ) , arrives for a session of the National Assembly in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Julio Borges ( top R ) , President of the National Assembly and deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties ( MUD ) , arrives for a session of the National Assembly in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Riot police officers react to fire during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela . REUTERS/Christian Veron
Julio Borges , President of the National Assembly and deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties ( MUD ) , speaks during a session of the National Assembly in Caracas , Venezuela May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
A demonstrator holds a sign that reads 'Maduro dictator ' at a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas , Venezuela . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS Venezuela 's opposition blocked streets in Caracas on Tuesday to denounce a decision by leftist President Nicolas Maduro to create a `` constituent assembly , '' a move critics said was a veiled attempt to cling to power by avoiding elections .
Building on heightening global outcry over Maduro 's government , the United States condemned the action and regional powerhouse Brazil slammed it as `` a coup . ''
After a month of near-daily protests by opponents demanding early general elections , the unpopular leader announced on Monday that he planned to set up the super-body popular assembly with the power to rewrite the constitution .
The socialist government said the opposition was promoting street violence and refusing dialogue , so it had no choice but to shake up Venezuela 's power structure .
Critics of the president said he was increasingly dictatorial and planned to staff the assembly with supporters and avoid elections he would likely lose during a crushing recession in the oil-producing country .
Regional elections that were scheduled for last year have yet to be called and a presidential election is due in 2018 .
Asked about elections in an interview on state television on Tuesday , the Socialist Party official in charge of the constituent assembly said the electoral schedule would be respected . However the official , Elias Jaua , also suggested that current political turmoil was hindering setting a quick date .
`` One of the aims of the constituent assembly is to seek the conditions of stability to be able to go to those electoral processes , '' Jaua said . `` Those conditions of normality do not exist , '' he added , citing protests and institutional clashes between authorities and the opposition-led National Assembly .
The United States , as well as Argentina , Chile and Brazil on Tuesday expressed worry about Maduro 's decision .
`` President Nicholas Maduro 's proposal for a constituent assembly is a coup d'état . It is another break with democracy , violating the country 's constitution , '' Brazilian Foreign Minister Aloysio Nunes said in a statement posted on Facebook .
The United States said Maduro was trying to yet again `` change the rules of the game '' to remain in power .
`` We have deep concerns about the motivation for this constituent assembly , which overrides the will of the Venezuelan people and further erodes Venezuelan democracy , '' Michael Fitzpatrick , U.S. deputy assistant secretary for Western Hemisphere Affairs , said in a telephone call with reporters .
'MORE FUEL TO THE FIRE '
Maduro 's critics worry that the new body would further sideline the current opposition-led legislature and pave the way for undemocratic changes to the constitution .
The controversial decision was likely to provoke more anti-government protests , already the most sustained since 2014 , as they seek to end 18 years of socialist rule that began under late leader Hugo Chavez .
Opposition barricades snarled traffic in and around Caracas on Tuesday morning , with demonstrators using bags of garbage , branches , bottles , and cardboard boxes to block roads . Security forces used tear gas to disperse some demonstrators .
`` We do n't believe in Maduro 's fake peace , what he 's done is added more fuel to the fire , '' said Jesus Gutierrez , 64 , who was with about 100 demonstrators blocking one of the main avenues in the capital . `` The people have to react and that 's what they 've been doing . ''
Some 29 people have been killed , more than 400 people injured and hundreds more arrested since the anti-Maduro unrest began in early April .
The government has responded with shows of force by security forces and counter-demonstrations by Maduro supporters .
Many details remain unclear about the constituent assembly , although foes say it would be excessively powerful .
`` According to the government , it would have all powers , '' said Jose Ignacio Hernandez , law professor at Venezuela 's Catholic University . `` It could dissolve the National Assembly , name a new electoral council , dismiss governors , and dismiss mayors . ''
The opposition planned more marches on Wednesday .
( Additonal reporting by Diego Ore , Andreina Aponte , Andrew Cawthorne in Caracas , Yeganeh Torbati in Washington D.C. , Fabian Cambero in Santiago , and Nicolas Misculin in Buenos Aires ; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer ; Editing by Frances Kerry , Andrew Hay , Toni Reinhold )
The White House is planning to withdraw its nominee to head the Council on Environmental Quality , according to The Washington Post .
Kathleen Hartnett White 's nomination failed to gather momentum , and some Senate Republicans were questioning her expertise , the Post reported , citing two administration officials briefed on the matter .
CNN 's KFile reported Hartnett White , who would have overseen environmental and energy policies across the government , had described the belief in “ global warming ” as a “ kind of paganism ” for “ secular elites ” during a 2016 interview .
Hartnett White appeared on “ The Right Perspective , ” an online conservative radio show , in September 2016 when she made the comments talking about a “ dark side ” to belief in global warming .
“ There 's a real dark side of the kind of paganism — the secular elites ' religion now — being evidently global warming , ” she said .
President Donald Trump announced Hartnett White 's nomination in October and re-submitted her nomination to the Senate in January . Senators challenged her statements about climate change , which go against the scientific consensus that man-made greenhouse gases are the primary driver of rising temperatures , during her confirmation hearing in November .
White has a long history of questioning established science on climate change and once dismissed the idea that carbon dioxide is a pollutant and calling it “ the gas of life on this planet ” — comments that drew criticism from environmentalists who opposed her nomination .
Germany 's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit , no change seen
MESEBERG , Germany , June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19 , as planned , saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week 's parliamentary election in Britain .
One of the biggest challenges of software development is aligning technical details with an organization 's business requirements . This is an essential concern if you want to put ideas , applications , and processes into the real world successfully — whether they are virtual in software or physical in hardware . Until we 're able to bend the laws of physics , conjure infinite computational power , or rewrite applications on the fly to do our bidding , technology will pose certain limitations that prevent lightning-fast innovation . Navigating these limits using real business requirements as a guide post is the key to successful outcomes .
If you 've been involved in any kind of software project management , then you 're more than likely familiar with the infamous tire swing cartoon — which is actually an older analogy relating to general project management , but has since been adapted to all kinds of disciplines from customer service to manufacturing to software . For reference , here is the software version I 'm talking about :
We 've all had those moments with customers , analysts , and co-workers . You unveil a product feature you 've been working on for months , and a look of horror starts to spread across their faces . Something has gone drastically wrong . You failed to ensure that your product feature — which is beautiful , by the way — addresses business objectives . This is like a tire swing without a tire attached , or perhaps strung to the tree in an unswingable way . You 're headed for missed deadlines , duplicated efforts , dead-on-arrival deliveries , and unhappy customers who will be deprived of the joys of swinging on a tire . Let 's look at some ideas for how we can avoid this unfortunate disconnect .
Ask yourself : Is it feasible and functional ?
The first thing to do is define each business requirement on paper , and make sure that everyone involved in meeting this goal can answer the question “ Is it feasible ? ” Sometimes decision makers want a tire that can swing through the tree , or swing in a direction perpendicular to the direction of gravity , and that 's a clear sign that they need to be re-evaluated their objectives for feasibility . Altering the laws of physics is a tall order for ( most ) engineers , so requests for impossible situations must be identified and addressed .
In the software world , an impossible requirement may involve pushing the boundaries of computing power or storage . Let 's say that an organization relies heavily on image processing as its core business . If a business requirement is to have an application crunch through an absurdly large number of images in an absurdly large resolution in an absurdly tiny fraction of time , this will simply not be feasible — not yet , anyway .
The second question organizations need to ask is “ Is it functional ? ” Put together a functional requirements document that translates the business requirements into functional requirements . However , this is just a start — remember that even impeccably and explicitly well-written functional requirements can still ruin the spirit of the customer 's request ( or need ) .
For instance , a tire attached to the trunk of a tree could technically still be a swing if you were to uproot the tree and mount it sideways , right ? Or attaching the tire to two limbs on either side of the trunk so that it can only swing through the trunk is still a swing — just not a functional swing .
Break it down and make a plan
Now break down the business requirements into a real plan that your engineers can execute on . The process will vary across different products and technologies , but break the requirements down into their component parts and create a timeline of deliverables to plan and schedule the work .
Start by asking some fundamental questions . If we want a tire to swing , it will need to swing from something — what will that be ? Will that structure need to be built from scratch , or can we use something that already exists — a tree perhaps ? How will we attach the tire to the tree ? Should the swinging be initiated manually , or completely automated ? Embracing agile is one of the best ways to get the Minimum Viable Product ( MVP ) in front of the customer as soon as possible , and get feedback in flight . If you take great care to break the requirements down , Waterfall is also a good option , though be aware it can involve a lot of back-and-forth conversation , diagrams , and meetings .
Then , it 's finally off to the races ! Create a plan and schedule the work to be done , with a detailed timeline estimating how long each step will take . Be sure to account for the realistic constraints that will affect you — e.g. , can you build your tire swing in the middle of winter in Milwaukee ? Sometimes the priorities or plans of others will also have an impact , like if your security group is working on a project or your infrastructure team has major changes coming .
Herding the cats of business requirements , technical details , and functional requirements is no easy feat , but proper consideration of feasibility and functionality can help as a first pass . Getting a good understanding of the requirements , breaking things down into manageable parts , and have a game plan can help ensure success .
People walk past an electronic board displaying various Asian countries ' stock price index and world major index outside a brokerage in Tokyo , Japan , August 21 , 2015 . REUTERS/Issei Kato/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : A woman wears a home-made dress featuring imitation 100 and 500 euro notes as she walks in Bordeaux , southwestern France , November 7 , 2014 . REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo
Investors look at an electronic board showing stock information on the first trading day after the New Year holiday at a brokerage house in Shanghai , China , January 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Aly Song
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index , DAX board , at the stock exchange in Frankfurt , Germany , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Staff/Remote
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK World stock markets dipped on Friday , as U.S. equities retreated after a soft reading on first-quarter economic growth , while the euro strengthened as euro zone inflation rose to hit the European Central Bank 's target .
The U.S. economy grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate in the first quarter , its weakest pace in three years , amid tepid consumer spending and as businesses invested less on inventories , in a potential setback to President Donald Trump 's promise to boost growth .
The lacklustre number sent equity indexes on Wall Street slightly lower , although strong earnings from Google parent Alphabet , which closed up 3.7 percent , and Amazon , which rose 0.7 percent , curbed losses on the benchmark S & P index and briefly pushed the Nasdaq to a record .
`` We know from history now that first-quarter ( GDP ) is usually a little fuzzy , it 's usually off and it usually gets upside revised , '' said Randy Frederick , vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin , Texas .
`` But you 've also got great earnings . I ca n't get over how strong earnings reports have been - there is enough of a cushion there that even if it comes down a little we are going to be in good shape .
First-quarter earnings are currently expected to grow 13.6 percent , according to Thomson Reuters data , the best performance since 2011 .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 40.82 points , or 0.19 percent , to 20,940.51 , the S & P 500 lost 4.57 points , or 0.19 percent , to 2,384.2 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped 1.33 points , or 0.02 percent , to 6,047.61 .
The Dow had its best week since early December while the Nasdaq saw a sixth-month winning streak , its longest since 2013 .
European shares eased as investors took profits , but closed out their strongest week since December as political worries ebbed and brokers forecast strong earnings growth would underpin valuations .
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.23 percent , up 2.4 percent for the week , and MSCI 's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.13 percent .
At six straight months of gains , MSCI 's index notched its longest monthly winning streak since 2007 .
Inflation blew past expectations in Europe to hit a three-year high , keeping pressure on the European Central Bank to start dialing back its stimulus .
The euro strengthened against the dollar , up 0.17 percent to $ 1.089 .
U.S. Treasury debt yields rose after the GDP data . Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 4/32 in price to yield 2.282 percent , from 2.296 percent late on Thursday .
In commodities , oil prices advanced after a slide to a one-month low the previous day spurred buying ahead of an OPEC meeting next month at which producers could prolong output curbs . Both Brent and U.S. crude saw their second straight weekly declines .
U.S. crude rose 0.41 percent to $ 49.17 per barrel and Brent was last at $ 51.87 , up 0.1 percent on the day .
( Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski )
President of the French National Olympic and Sports Committee Denis Masseglia holds the logo as he attends the presentation of the Paris candidacy for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games in Paris , France , February 17 , 2016 . REUTERS/Benoit Tessier Picture Supplied by Action Images
BERLIN European Athletics threw its weight behind the Paris 2024 Olympics bid , saying on Wednesday the French capital was the best possible candidacy for the Games ' showcase sport .
Paris will host the 2020 European athletics championships , and athletics pulls the biggest crowds during the Games . But the sport has been hit by ongoing doping and corruption scandals .
Paris is bidding along with Los Angeles for the 2024 Olympics with the International Olympic Committee set to select the winning candidacy in September .
The IOC could also decide to award the 2028 Games to the city that loses out on 2024 at the same election in Peru later this year .
`` It is not just a question of Paris being the sole European candidate and the fact that continental sports organisations should back each other in this respect , '' said European Athletics president Svein Arne Hansen in a statement .
`` European Athletics has looked at both bids and we believe that Paris is the best from an overall perspective and specifically with regards to our sport , '' he said .
`` Paris excels in its technical facets relating to how it will host the various sports , although our interest is based on the fact that if it wins , athletics will be the focal point of the Games . ''
His support does not come as a surprise . European Athletics awarded the continental championships for 2020 to Paris only days ago .
Paris still needs to build an athletes ' village and an aquatics centre . The Los Angeles bid promotes the privately-funded project as `` risk-free '' with no major construction needed .
( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann , editing by Larry King )
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
United Nations Special Advisor on Cyprus Espen Barth Eide speaks during an interview with Reuters at the United Nations offices in the buffer zone of Nicosia airport , Cyprus April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yiannis Kourtoglou
United Nations Special Advisor on Cyprus Espen Barth Eide speaks during an interview with Reuters at the United Nations offices in the buffer zone of Nicosia airport , Cyprus April 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yiannis Kourtoglou
NICOSIA Greek and Turkish Cypriots have reached a critical juncture in negotiations to end the decades-old division of their island and only a small number of issues remain to be resolved , the United Nations ' envoy for Cyprus said on Thursday .
Cyprus has been split on ethnic lines since 1974 , when Turkish troops invaded the north of the island in response to a short-lived coup by Greek Cypriot militants seeking union with Greece .
The problem transcends the small island of one million inhabitants , keeping NATO allies Greece and Turkey at loggerheads and holding back Ankara 's ambitions of joining the European Union .
`` We are at a crossroads , '' UN envoy Espen Barthe Eide told Reuters in an interview .
`` I think the leaders know that we are at the crossroads and at the crossroads you have to take the right turn , or the alternative is the wrong turn , '' he added .
Eide , a former Norwegian foreign minister , has been overseeing the talks between President Nicos Anastasiades , the Greek Cypriot leader , and Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci for about two years .
Eide and his team facilitate the discussions between Anastasiades and Akinci to reunite the island under a federal umbrella of two semi-autonomous zones .
He said there was `` no doubt '' that the two had come closer to a solution than ever before . But he was more cautious when asked whether he thought a peace plan could be agreed by the two sides and then put to a popular vote in a referendum this year , saying that depended on the leaders .
`` I believe its possible . Whether it will happen , I think I will remain open . It 's doable . ''
OUTSTANDING ISSUES
`` There are a relatively small number of outstanding issues , the vast majority is done , '' said Eide , whose office is within the compound of now-abandoned Nicosia airport , the scene of some of the fiercest fighting of the 1974 war .
Although the number is small , they are significant , he added .
Eide said the issues that still require resolution include finalising the nature of the presidency that will govern Cyprus , a final deal on territorial adjustments , some property-related questions and security .
Greece , Turkey and Britain are guarantor powers under a 1960 treaty that granted the former British colony independence . It was cited by Turkey as a basis for the 1974 invasion , and Greek Cypriots and Greece want the system dismantled . Turkey and Turkish Cypriots want the system to remain intact .
`` On that one I am quite optimistic , that 's within reach , '' Eide said on the prospects of a deal on security .
Although there is no timeframe for a settlement , Eide said it was understood that the process could not go on indefinitely .
`` There is no time limit ... but there is a shared understanding that we do not have oceans of time and that there is no time like the present . ''
( Editing by Gareth Jones )
Four Galway hurling clubs are heading off to Kilkenny for the Féile weekend . Craughwell , Ardrahan , Annaghdown and Mountbellew Moylough will all be vying for honours in their respective divisions , while Davitts and Salthill Knocknacarra camogie teams are heading to Wexford for their All Ireland Féile competition . Coilin Duffy reports :
Boys Division 1 Group A : Craughwell , Dicksboro , James Stephens , Droichead Abhann Ui gCearnaigh
Boys Division 3 Group C : Ardrahan , Erins Own , Eire Óg Inis , Graignamanagh
Boys Division 6 Group D : Annaghdown , Caiseal Gaels , Emeralds , Lisdowney
Boys Division 11 Group C : Mountbellew Moylough , Blacks and Whites , Slieverue , Park Rathaniska-Timahoe
Camogie Div 1 Group A : Davitts , Bunclody , Monaleen , Kilrush
Camogie Div 3 Group C : Salthill Knocknacarra , Buffers Alley , St Brigids Blackwater , Naomh Uinsionn
Feile na nGael Division 1 Group A fixtures :
FRIDAY : Round 1 – 5pm in Pairc Sheamuis Stiophan : Craughwell v James Stephens
Round 2 – 6pm in Pairc Sheamuis Stiophan : Craughwell v Droichead Abhann Ui gCearnaigh
SATURDAY : Round 3 – 11.15am in Palmerstown : Craughwell v Dicksboro
( Top 2 in the group will play the Cup quarter final at 4pm in Thomastown )
Feile na nGael Division 3 Group C fixtures :
FRIDAY : Round 1 – 5pm in Canon Kearns Park : Ardrahan v Erins Own
Round 2 – 6pm in Canon Kearns Park : Ardrahan v Éire Og Inis
SATURDAY : Round 3 – 11.15am in Dr Tierney Park : Ardrahan v Graignamanagh
( Top 2 will play the Cup quarter final at 3.45pm in Ferns Centre of Excellence )
Feile na nGael Division 6 Group D fixtures :
FRIDAY : Round 1 – 5pm in Urlingford : Annaghdown v Emeralds Round 2 – 6.15pm in Urlingford : Annaghdown v Caiseal Gaels SATURDAY : Round 3 – 10.30am in Lisdowney : Annaghdown v Lisdowney ( Top 2 in the group will play the Cup quarter final at 4.30pm in Carlow Training Centre )
Feile na nGael Division 11 Group C fixtures : FRIDAY : Round 1 – 4.45pm in Tom Walsh Park , Skeoghvosteen : Mountbellew Moylough v Slieverue Round 2 – 6.15pm in Tom Walsh Park , Skeoghvosteen : Mountbellew Moylough v Park Rathaniska-Timahoe SATURDAY : Round 3 – 11am in Tom Walsh Park , Skeoghvosteen : Mountbellew Moylough v Blacks and Whites ( Top 2 in the group will play the Cup quarter final at 5.15pm in Tinryland )
Feile Camogie Division 1 Group A fixtures :
FRIDAY : Round 1 – 5.30pm in Bunclody : Davitts v Bunclody Round 2 – 6.15pm in Bunclody : Davitts v Monaleen SATURDAY : Round 3 – 11.15am in Ballyroebuck : Davitts v Kilrush ( Top 2 in the group will play the Cup quarter final at 4.15pm in Bunclody )
Feile Camogie Division 3 Group C fixtures : FRIDAY : Round 1 – 5.30pm in Monamolin : Salthill Knocknacarra v St Brigids Blackwater Round 2 – 6.15pm in Monamolin : Salthill Knocknacarra v Naomh Uinsionn SATURDAY : Round 3 – 11.15am in Monamolin : Salthill Knocknacarra v Buffers Alley ( Top 2 in the group will play the Cup quarter final at 5.15pm in Myshall )
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
April 28 Kellogg Co :
* Kellogg Company declares regular dividend of $ 0.52 per share and announces plans for 4 % dividend increase
* Board of directors announced plans to increase quarterly dividend by four percent to $ 0.54 per share beginning with Q3 of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON Goldman Sachs ( GS.N ) sought to reassure London-based staff over potential disruption to its business as Britain prepares to leave the European Union , in a voicemail to staff sent by the Wall Street firm 's Europe CEO .
British Prime Minister Theresa May will trigger formal EU divorce proceedings on Wednesday , launching two years of negotiations that will shape the future of Britain and Europe as well as London 's place as a global financial centre .
The move will also mark the point when investment banks , whose priority will be to ensure they can continue servicing their clients across Europe after March 29 , 2019 , begin taking concrete steps to prepare for Britain being outside the bloc .
Those steps could involve moving London-based staff to outposts on the continent or paying them off and hiring employees locally .
Richard Gnodde , CEO of the European arm of Goldman Sachs , said last week it would begin by moving hundreds of people out of London as part of its `` contingency plans '' for the first phase .
In a voicemail sent to all London employees ' phones on Friday , Gnodde sought to reassure staff that despite `` intensively '' preparing for a range of possible outcomes , no big changes were imminent .
`` All of this work leads us to conclude that although Brexit may well bring some changes to our footprint , a lot will continue to operate as it does today . ''
Gnodde said that the Wall Street firm would only be able to make long-term decisions on its future footprint once negotiations between Britain and the EU were complete .
`` We also understand that you will have many questions regarding the implications of Brexit , '' Gnodde said in the voicemail .
`` We are sensitive to those concerns , and want you to know that we will share any information on changes that will impact our European footprint as quickly as we can . ''
Banks are treading carefully , enacting two-stage contingency plans , to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to move to continental Europe as Britain exits the European Union .
This first phase involves relatively small numbers to make sure the requisite licences , technology and infrastructure are in place , while the next requires longer-term thinking on what their European business will look like in the future , which is when bigger moves might take place .
( Reporting By Anjuli Davies ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
Tomorrow 50 %
High 30° / Low 26°
Chance of Rain
A few showers in the morning , then clouds lingering in the afternoon . High around 30C . Winds E at 15 to 25 km/h . Chance of rain 50 % .
‘ Disturbing ' texts lead to Norwalk woman 's arrest
NORWALK — A woman was charged with violating conditions of her release after , police said , she sent multiple “ disturbing ” text messages to a protected party .
On Sunday night , Jennifer Galeano , 49 , of Yale Street , was charged with second-degree breach of peace . Her bond was set at $ 1,000 and she was given a court date of Monday .
As a condition of her release on bond she was advised not to make contact with a particular individual . On Monday , police say the individual went to police headquarters and reported that they had been contacted multiple times by Galeano .
Police said that Galeano went to the person 's Yale Street residence twice and had also sent 36 text messages .
Police did not disclose the specific contents of the messages , but described them as “ disturbing . ”
Galeano was arrested Monday at Norwalk Superior Court and was charged with violation of conditions of release , second-degree breach of peace and second-degree harassment .
Her bond was set at $ 10,000 and she was given a court date of April 24 .
The 22,000 square foot facility features world-class resort style amenities
The view from ASCAYA 's resort-style pool at dusk
Contact
ASCAYA
Darin Marques
702-978-5800
* * * @ sarahthorntonpr.com ASCAYADarin Marques702-978-5800
End
-- The opulent ASCAYA clubhouse was recently unveiled to residents of the luxury estate community . The $ 25 million clubhouse merges desert design with myriad amenities found only at the finest upscale resort communities to create a one-of-a-kind lifestyle.The 22,000-square-foot clubhouse 's unparalleled amenities comparable to nearby world-class resorts opened on July 4exclusively for ASCAYA residents.ASCAYA enlisted a team internationally known for creating upscale resort developments to design and construct an amenity-infused clubhouse that melds desert design with stone , copper , glass and artwork to create the community 's centerpiece.John Sather of Swaback Partners designed the clubhouse . Sather 's firm has designed renowned resort clubhouses includes Martis Camp in Lake Tahoe , Calif. , and Promontory 's Nicklaus Clubhouse in Park City , Utah.Sather 's vision was made a reality as The PENTA Building Group completed construction , and TAL Studio handled interior design . TAL Studio has designed interiors for some of the top luxury hotel and restaurant projects in the world.Upon entering the two-story clubhouse 's stylish porte cochere and lobby , residents gain access to five-star resort amenities that rival some of the top resorts in the country.Also found inside the luxurious clubhouse is a state-of-the-art fitness center with locker rooms ; movement studio ideal for yoga , Pilates and dance ; spa and massage rooms and a children 's pavilion . Residents enjoy socializing in an event room and multiple gathering areas and terraces with picturesque views of the Las Vegas valley.Outdoor amenities are plentiful and lend themselves to relaxation and active lifestyles . Residents can enjoy arefreshing resort-style zero-edge swimming pool with separate lap lanes , resort-style cabanas , group seating areas and an event lawn . Outdoor fitness offerings include basketball , pickleball , horseshoe pits , and tennis courts.ASCAYA 's clubhouse blends in with the luxury community 's design , lush landscaping and serenity of living near the McCullough Range . New opportunities to call ASCAYA home have arisen with the community 's recent release of its second phase of estate home sites nestled against picturesque desert mountains . The recent release of a second phase of home sites provides discerning clients the perfect location to design and build a custom home of their dreams.Nestled into the desert landscape , ASCAYA is a collection of 313 estate sites that will boast Southern Nevada 's most coveted and opulent housing development . Three private residences have been completed , one Inspiration Home has been completed and 10 more homes are currently under construction.ASCAYA is located nine miles south of the Las Vegas Strip on the McCullough Range in Henderson , Nevada . It rises nearly 1,000 feet above the Las Vegas Valley and features breathtaking views of the city and surrounding mountains . For more information , visit www.ascaya.com Follow Ascaya on Facebook ( http : //www.facebook.com/ ascaya ) , Twitter ( http : //www.twitter.com/ascayanv ) and Instagram ( http : //www.instagram.com/ascayanv ) for the latest news and updates .
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
March 29 Dynacor Gold Mines Inc :
* Dynacor reports 24pct increase in gold production for the first 2 months of 2017
* Dynacor Gold Mines Inc - new 300 tpd veta dorada plant is targeting 88-92,000 ounces of gold production in 2017 , a 20-26pct increase as compared to 2016
* `` expect that ore supply for Veta Dorada Plant in Chala will be somewhat lower until mid-April ''
* Dynacor Gold- despite intense rainy season this year in Peru ore purchases in first two months of 2017 are up by over 30pct , gold production by 24 pct versus 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Watch Shelby Brown 's report starting on CBS 6 News at 5 . HENRICO COUNTY , Va. — After nearly 30 years in business , Victory Lady Fitness is closing its doors June 29 .
In a letter to members , president Wendy Campbell said her mission to provide affordable fitness opportunities to women has become more and more difficult .
“ Victory Lady 's lease is due for renewal and the rent renewal has become very expensive , ” she posted in a letter to members . “ The growth on West Broad Street has made it difficult to find affordable rent for an all ladies club that keeps fitness affordable for the women of Richmond , VA . ”
Victory Lady Fitness is located in a strip shopping center on West Broad Street , near Gaskins Road , in the West End .
“ Change is n't always easy and I ca n't imagine my life not seeing everyone each week , ” she said . “ We will all move forward and carry on , that 's what we do best . ”
Campbell said she planned to auction off the fitness equipment .
Campbell said she prided herself on a business model that focused on empowering women and making fitness affordable to everyone .
She said she built a “ fitness tribe/family ” and remained proud of all the community fundraisers/support they 've offered through the years .
She said she felt like she has paid it forward and can go out on top .
Watch Shelby Brown 's report starting on CBS 6 News at 5 .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Send this to a friend
Hi ! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you : PROPERTY TRANSFERS . Here is a link to that story : https : //www.delgazette.com/news/68956/property-transfers-106
Auto sales rise in 1st half , but analysts warn of turbulence
Photo : David Zalubowski , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 On this Sunday , June 24 , 2018 , photograph , unsold 2018 Suburbans sit at a Chevrolet dealership in Englewood , Colo . Neither higher gas prices nor rising interest rates could put a damper on U.S. auto sales during the first half of 2018 . Sales rose 1.8 percent during the first half of the year , while June sales were up about 5 percent compared with a year earlier , according to Edmunds.com . less On this Sunday , June 24 , 2018 , photograph , unsold 2018 Suburbans sit at a Chevrolet dealership in Englewood , Colo . Neither higher gas prices nor rising interest rates could put a damper on U.S. auto sales ... more Photo : David Zalubowski , AP Auto sales rise in 1st half , but analysts warn of turbulence 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
DETROIT ( AP ) — Neither higher gas prices nor rising interest rates could put a damper on U.S. auto sales during the first half of the year .
Sales rose 1.8 percent during the first half of the year , while June sales were up about 5 percent compared with a year ago , according to Edmunds.com .
Analysts said the boost was fueled by strong consumer confidence and low unemployment .
But analysts at Cox Automotive , which includes Kelley Blue Book , issued a cautionary note on the numbers , saying that much of the increase was due to low-profit sales to fleet buyers such as rental car companies , and retail sales to individual buyers were propped up by rising incentives such as rebates and subsidized leases .
Sales are `` defying gravity '' said Jonathan Smoke , chief economist for Cox . `` Retail sales have been flat , and even those sales have been supported by incentives being up 6 percent . ''
Cox analysts also said rising interest rates and a possible trade war due to tariff threats from President Donald Trump could raise new-vehicle prices and payments and cut into auto sales in the second half . Still , given the fact that automakers are willing to spend to keep their share of the market , Cox analysts raised their full-year forecast by 100,000 vehicles to 16.8 million vehicles .
Trucks and SUVs accounted for 68 percent of the market in June , a record high as car sales continued to fade , Edmunds said .
The Federal Reserve in mid-June raised its benchmark interest rate for the second time and signaled that it may step up the pace of rate increases . The central bank raised its key short-term rate by a modest quarter-point to a still-low range of 1.75 percent to 2 percent . It means that consumers and businesses will face higher loan rates over time .
But Cox analysts said auto interest rates held steady in June , although they expect them to rise . Bankrate.com said on its website new-auto loans are now around 4.75 percent . Gas prices rose 63 cents per gallon over a year ago to an average price for regular of $ 2.86 , according to AAA , taking a bigger bite out of household budgets .
Here 's how major automakers fared for the first six months of the year , according to Edmunds , which regularly provides content , including automotive tips and reviews , for distribution by The Associated Press :
— General Motors , up 4.2 percent .
— Ford , down 1.8 percent .
— Toyota , up 3.0 percent .
— Fiat Chrysler , up 4.5 percent .
— Honda , down 0.5 percent
— Nissan , down 4.8 percent .
— Hyundai , down 3.3 percent
— Volkswagen , up 7.2 percent
`` We are such a highly integrated industry , I think numbers of this nature would be highly problematic ... and it would really tend to undermine our competitiveness as an industry within North America , let alone Canada , '' said Mark Nantais , president of the Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers Association .
Matt Blunt , president of the American Automotive Policy Council and former Missouri governor , echoed that concern .
`` We share the goals of the ( Trump ) administration to strengthen the U.S. manufacturing sector , grow the U.S. economy and American jobs , '' he said in an email statement to The Canadian Press .
`` We , however , are concerned the approach they are taking would be counterproductive to achieving those shared goals , including significant changes to rules of origin that would be harmful to the short and long-term competitiveness of the North American auto industry . ''
Unifor president Jerry Dias , whose union represents Canadian autoworkers , said he sympathizes with what the U.S. is trying to do : stop the exodus of manufacturing jobs , particularly in the auto industry , to low-wage Mexico .
But he said imposing stringent North American and American content requirements , without simultaneously raising the 2.5 per cent tariff on vehicles imported to the U.S. outside NAFTA , would backfire . He predicted automakers would forgo their duty-free status under NAFTA , move their operations to Mexico and pay the tariff .
`` Ultimately , unless they deal with the 2.5 per cent tariff , it 's all worthless . ''
As for a specific American content requirement , Dias said that simply `` wo n't fly . ''
`` For the U.S. to think that Canada is somehow just going to be bullied and is going to roll over and not protect their key industries while the U.S. is trying to do the same makes no sense , '' he said , noting that autos remain Canada 's top export .
The protectionist line on auto rules of origin comes after the U.S. tabled an equally unpalatable proposal on government procurement at the third round of negotiations last week in Ottawa . The U.S. is looking to severely restrict the ability of Canadian and Mexican companies to win contracts on government-funded infrastructure projects in the U.S .
The mood among stakeholders during the third round was glum but Dan Ujczo , an Ohio-based trade lawyer with clients in both Canada and the U.S. , said it 's about 10 times worse now , with most expecting the talks to end in failure .
While the political leaders still talk about creating a `` win-win-win '' for all three countries , Ujczo said the only 'Ws ' on stakeholders ' minds during the fourth round will be `` who will withdraw '' and `` when will withdrawal '' occur .
A senior Canadian government official , not authorized to speak publicly on the matter , said Canadian negotiators will keep meeting and talking , even if it means repeatedly rejecting hardline American proposals .
Adam Austen , a spokesman for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland , declined to comment on the auto content requirement issue because an American proposal has still not been put on the table .
`` We will continue to work for a good deal , but not just any deal . We will continue to make clear , reasoned arguments based in fact . ''
By Joan Bryden , The Canadian Press
VIENNA — Serbia failed to clinch a World Cup berth in Vienna and lost instead , giving fresh hope to Wales and Ireland in qualifying on Friday .
Serbia only had to beat already-eliminated Austria . It squandered the opening goal , came back to draw 2-2 then conceded a long-range goal in the 89th minute for Austria to win 3-2 .
The Serbs can still secure top spot in Europe Group D and the automatic qualifying berth that comes with it on Monday , with a home win against Georgia .
But Wales was only a point behind in the standings after beating Georgia 1-0 away without Gareth Bale , and Ireland was only a point behind Wales after defeating Moldova 2-0 in Dublin .
March 29 Cenovus Energy Inc :
* Cenovus to double production and reserves in Canada
* Cenovus Energy Inc - agreed to acquire ConocoPhillips ' 50 % interest in FCCL partnership
* Cenovus Energy Inc - total consideration for purchase is $ 17.7 billion
* Cenovus Energy Inc says Cenovus is also purchasing the majority of Conocophillips ' deep basin conventional assets in Alberta and British Columbia
* Cenovus Energy Inc- acquisition is immediately accretive to key metrics
* Cenovus Energy Inc - in 2017 , Cenovus intends to spend approximately $ 170 million on acquired deep basin assets
* As part of transaction , Cenovus has also agreed , in certain circumstances , to make contingent payments to ConocoPhillips
* Cenovus Energy Inc - cash component of deal is fully financed with a portion of cash on hand , existing credit facility capacity and committed bridge loans
* Cenovus Energy Inc - total consideration includes $ 14.1 billion in cash and 208 million Cenovus common shares
* Cenovus Energy - concurrent with acquisition , Cenovus has launched a bought-deal offering of common shares for expected gross proceeds of about $ 3 billion
* Intends to divest significant portion of legacy conventional assets to help fund transaction
* Cenovus Energy Inc says in 2017 , Cenovus intends to spend approximately $ 170 million on acquired deep basin assets
* Cenovus energy inc says expects to retain key deep basin technical operating and business staff as part of acquisition
* Cenovus Energy - expects acquisition will result in an 18 % increase in 2018 adjusted funds flow per share compared with co 's original 2018 forecast
* Cenovus Energy -will also enter into a two-year technical services agreement providing access to Conocophillips ' expertise in developing and operating deep basin assets
* Cenovus Energy Inc - in 2017 , Cenovus intends to spend approximately $ 170 million on acquired deep basin assets
* Cenovus Energy - over long term , Cenovus continues to target debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.0 to 2.0 times and debt to capitalization of 30 % -40 %
* Cenovus Energy -over long term , Cenovus continues to target a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.0 to 2.0 times and debt to capitalization of 30 % to 40 %
* Cenovus Energy Inc - plans to extend maturities on tranches of its existing committed credit facility to 2020 and 2021
* Cenovus energy -concurrent with acquisition , Cenovus has begun marketing its legacy Alberta conventional assets at pelican lake and suffield
* Cenovus Energy Inc says plans to divest additional non-core conventional assets to streamline its portfolio
* Cenovus Energy -at closing , co , Conocophillips have agreed to enter into 5 year contingent payment agreement related to acquired portion of FCCL oil sands production
* Cenovus Energy -terms of contingent payment agreement will allow Cenovus to retain 80 % to 85 % of WCS prices above c $ 52/bbl
* Cenovus Energy Inc - transaction is expected to close in Q2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 6 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd
* Says it orders facility and construction for T $ 837 million ( $ 27.44 million ) from Fu Tsu Construction Co Ltd
* Says it orders machinery equipment for T $ 1.3 billion from FEI Hong Kong Co Ltd and Ja Mitsui Leasing Ltd. Taipei Branch ( Japan )
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 30.5030 Taiwan dollars ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
( Repeats to more subscribers , named item code )
* CSI300 -0.7 pct , SSEC -0.3 pct ; HSI -0.5 pct , HSCE -0.3 pct
* Risk appetite still soured
* Asset managers trim equity exposure
* President Xi 's speech signals ongoing tightening
SHANGHAI , April 28 China 's main stock indexes fell on Friday and looked set for their third straight weekly loss on fears that regulators will step up their latest crackdown on riskier types of financing and speculation .
While China 's regulatory enforcement sprees have tended to wax and wane in the past , investors fear there may be no let up in the latest campaign after President Xi Jinping made a rare speech this week on financial stability .
Xi called on Tuesday for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security , the official Xinhua news agency said .
`` We think it sends an important signal to support the ongoing tightening of financial regulation and enforcement , '' Citi wrote in a recent note .
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.7 percent to 3,423.68 points by the midday break , while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.3 percent to 3,141.55 .
The CSI300 looked set for a loss of 1.2 percent on the week and the SSEC around 1 percent .
Sustained efforts by authorities to encourage or force more deleveraging in the system could tighten liquidity and sour investors ' sentiment further , said Zhang Gang , an analyst with China Central Securities , while adding he did not see further substantial losses .
China watchers have generally expected another modest increase in short-term interest rates by the central bank around June , but see no aggressive tightening moves ahead of a major leadership transition later in the year .
Still , the People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) and other regulators have ramped up the pressure on a number of fronts as they look to contain financial risks after years of debt-fueled stimulus .
The PBOC has drained 815 billion yuan ( $ 118.18 billion ) on a net basis from money markets via open market operations so far this year , but has still stepped in and injected funds from time to time when markets appeared to be growing too stressed .
`` The decline in the second half of April was driven more by soured sentiment , as speculative money suffered setbacks . It could take time for the market to recover , '' a South China-based fund manager pointed out .
Main sectors fell across the board on Friday , with losses led by the consumer sector , which posted a 3 percent loss as investors took profits after a strong rally .
Liquor maker Jiangsu Yanghe Brewery dived as much as 10 percent to a 10-week low , poised for its worst day since August , 2015 .
In Hong Kong , stocks slipped as investors took profits .
The Hang Seng index fell 0.5 percent to 24,588.27 , though still looked set to end the week 2.3 percent higher .
The China Enterprises Index lost 0.3 percent , to 10,234.95 . ( Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
TOKYO , April 10 Japanese government bond prices fell on Monday from a one-month high hit in the previous session , as U.S. Treasuries retreated after a Fed official said the central bank 's plan to shrink bond portfolio would not significantly delay interest-rate hiking cycle .
The 10-year JGB futures dropped 0.04 point to 150.56 , while the yield on the benchmark cash 10-year JGB rose 0.5 basis point to 0.050 percent .
U.S. bond yields jumped on Friday following U.S. missile attacks in Syria and weaker-than-expected payroll data .
Many market players attributed the rise to comments from New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley , who said the U.S. central bank 's plan to shrink its bond portfolio this year would not significantly delay its interest rate-hiking cycle .
The JGB yield curve steepened slightly as yields on longer-dated rose slightly more than shorter ones .
The 30-year JGB yield rose 1.0 basis point to 0.840 percent while the two-year yield was flat at minus 0.220 percent . ( Reporting by Tokyo Markets Team )
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended .
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington , June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law 's taxes they long criticized , in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts , particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled .
April 5 Botanix Pharmaceuticals Ltd :
* Asx alert-Botanix raises A $ 7.4 million in oversubscribed placement-bot.ax
* Botanix will be well funded for development phase holding approximately A $ 9.0 million cash
* Funds raised will be used to accelerate clinical development of synthetic cannabidiol products and pursue commercialisation of Permetrextm delivery technology Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Qatar National Bank sees no significant outflows of deposits , other funds
DUBAI , June 14 Qatar National Bank ( QNB ) , the largest lender in the Middle East and Africa , has seen no significant outflow of deposits since the diplomatic rift started between Qatar and other Gulf countries , it told Reuters on Wednesday .
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - A Canadian pastor who was imprisoned in North Korea for more than two years quietly returned to his home in a Toronto suburb on Saturday following a long journey on a private government jet via Japan .
Hyeon Soo Lim , formerly the senior pastor at one of Canada 's largest churches , had disappeared on a mission to North Korea in early 2015 . He was sentenced to hard labour for life in December 2015 on charges of attempting to overthrow the Pyongyang regime .
News of his release surfaced on Wednesday , when North Korea 's KCNA news agency said Lim was being let go on humanitarian grounds , suggesting his health was poor .
The announcement came amid heightened tensions between Washington and Pyongyang , though authorities have not said there is any connection between his release and efforts to defuse the standoff over North Korea 's nuclear programme .
The pastor 's son James Lim said his dad was happy to be back home in Canada , stopping for coffee and a donut at Canada 's popular Tim Horton 's coffee chain on his way home from the airport .
The family asked the public to respect their privacy , allowing him to rest for a day and catch up with family before appearing in public on Sunday to attend services at his church .
FILE PHOTO - South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim stands during his trial at a North Korean court in this undated photo released by North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) in Pyongyang , North Korea on December 16 , 2015 . KCNA/File Photo
James Lim said his dad was in `` good health , '' but noted that the family planned to arrange for extended medical attention , including checkups .
`` He is doing very well , considering everything he has gone through , '' he said .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
The family thanked the Canadian government for helping secure his Lim 's release . They declined to provide details on negotiations with the North Koreans .
`` It 's a delicate dance . There 's a lot of complexity to it , '' James Lim said .
He added that getting the pastor home took on increased urgency in June , following the death of Otto Warmbier , an American student who died days after being released from a North Korean prison in a coma .
The Canadian government issued a statement saying it joined Lim 's family and congregation in celebrating his homecoming .
“ Canada has been actively engaged on Mr. Lim 's case at all levels , and we will continue to support him and his family now that he has returned , '' the statement said .
BUNDABERG State High School has won the regional chapter of the national Science and Engineering Challenge for the second consecutive year .
The hotly-contested annual inter-school challenge was held recently at the CQUniversity Bundaberg Campus .
Now in its eleventh year , the challenge attracted a full house of eight secondary schools , filling CQUniversity 's main auditorium .
The challenge is a project of the Rotary Club of Bundaberg West in partnership with the University of Newcastle .
It aims to raise students ' awareness of career opportunities in science and engineering .
The Challenge was recently acclaimed by the International Institute of Physics based in London and also received The Sir William Hudson Engineering Excellence Award .
Regional Chair of the Bundaberg Challenge co-ordinating committee , Dean Clarke , said this year 's regional Challenge was a fantastic event .
`` It was great to get feedback from volunteers that our students were enthusiastic and very focused on their tasks . ”
CAIRO , April 2 Average yields on Egypt 's three-month and nine-month treasury bills rose at an auction on Sunday , data from the central bank showed .
Yields on the three-month bills rose to an average of 19.418 percent from 19.375 percent at the most recent similar auction .
Yields on the nine-month bills increased marginally to 19.178 percent from 19.173 percent . ( Reporting by Eric Knecht ; editing by Susan Thomas )
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share ( before tax ) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
April 10 Systech Bhd :
* Entered into a share sale agreement with Murali Nair for acquisition of 51,000 ordinary shares in share capital of Postlink Pte . Ltd .
* The purchase consideration for the sale and purchase of the sale shares is 9.80 million RGT Source : ( bit.ly/2oQOiN2 ) Further company coverage :
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY , June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd , Arrium 's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday .
* Fourth large protest in two weeks against government
* PM Orban 's government proposes compromise on universities
* New bill on NGOs , seen stigmatising , still unchanged
By Marton Dunai
BUDAPEST , April 12 thousand Hungarians protested in central Budapest on Wednesday against a perceived crackdown on free thought and education after the government put forward several laws restricting foreign universities and non-government organisations .
Prime Minister Viktor Orban , who has advocated a self-styled 'illiberal democracy ' , has said strong national governments were necessary to preserve the European way of life in the face of migration and multiculturalism - at odds with liberal beliefs .
Protesters filled the capital 's Heroes ' Square and formed a heart shape and the word 'CIVIL ' from human bodies . It was the fourth major street demonstration in the last two weeks as the government faces growing resistance a year before elections are due in April 2018 .
`` They have pressed ahead since 2010 with new moves every day that hurt democracy in some way , '' Robert Ferenczi , a 55 year-old protester from Budapest , told Reuters . ( Reporting by Marton Dunai ; Editing by Angus MacSwan )
FILE PHOTO : Former billionaire Eike Batista ( C ) leaves the Federal Police headquarters after giving a testimony in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , January 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Eike Batista , the mining and oil magnate who was once Brazil 's richest man , left prison Sunday for house arrest ahead of a trial on corruption charges .
Batista was jailed since Jan. 30 after spending four days in New York as a fugitive . He will stand trial along with an ex-Rio de Janeiro governor who allegedly took millions in bribes from the former billionaire .
Brazilian Supreme Court justice Gilmar Mendes on Friday ordered Batista 's release from jail , saying that the crimes the one-time tycoon faces did not involve violence or threats to others .
Federal prosecutors accuse Batista , former governor Sergio Cabral and seven others of facilitating graft and hiding illegal funds in offshore shell companies .
Five years ago , Batista , 60 , had a net worth exceeding $ 30 billion and ranked among the world 's 10 richest people , according to Forbes .
Prosecutors allege Batista paid $ 16.5 million to the ex-Rio de Janeiro governor for his businesses to win lucrative government contracts .
( Reporting by Brad Brooks ; Editing by Nick Zieminski )
LeBlanc goes 7 strong innings , Mariners beat Angels 4-1
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Stephen Brashear , AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Seattle Mariners starter Wade LeBlanc delivers a pitch during the first inning of the team 's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . Seattle Mariners starter Wade LeBlanc delivers a pitch during the first inning of the team 's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . Photo : Stephen Brashear , AP Image 2 of 5 Seattle Mariners ' Nelson Cruz ( 23 ) gestures as he crosses home plate in front of catcher Martin Maldonado after hitting solo home run off of Los Angeles Angels relief pitcher Noe Ramirez during the eighth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . The Mariners won 4-1. less Seattle Mariners ' Nelson Cruz ( 23 ) gestures as he crosses home plate in front of catcher Martin Maldonado after hitting solo home run off of Los Angeles Angels relief pitcher Noe Ramirez during the eighth ... more Photo : Stephen Brashear , AP Image 3 of 5 Los Angeles Angels ' Andrelton Simmons ( 2 ) is congratulated by Shohei Ohtani after hitting a solo home run off Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Wade LeBlanc during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . less Los Angeles Angels ' Andrelton Simmons ( 2 ) is congratulated by Shohei Ohtani after hitting a solo home run off Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Wade LeBlanc during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , ... more Photo : Stephen Brashear , AP Image 4 of 5 Los Angeles Angels ' Chris Young , center , is helped off the field by first baseman Albert Pujols and a member of the Los Angeles Angels training staff during the first inning of the team 's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Seattle . less Los Angeles Angels ' Chris Young , center , is helped off the field by first baseman Albert Pujols and a member of the Los Angeles Angels training staff during the first inning of the team 's baseball game against ... more Photo : Stephen Brashear , AP Image 5 of 5 LeBlanc goes 7 strong innings , Mariners beat Angels 4-1 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
SEATTLE ( AP ) — Wade LeBlanc is a journeyman . His 10-year career has featured stops with seven different organizations and even one in Japan , where he thought he was finished .
In the left-hander 's second stint with Seattle , it appears he 's finally found a home .
LeBlanc ( 4-0 ) allowed one run over seven innings after inking a contract extension with the Mariners earlier in the day , and Seattle beat the Los Angeles Angels 4-1 on Tuesday night for its eighth straight victory .
The Angels ' Shohei Ohtani was activated from the 10-day disabled list and went 0 for 4 with two strikeouts in his return . He had been sidelined since June 8 with a Grade 2 ulnar collateral ligament sprain .
`` I think it was huge that I got all those at-bats in the simulated games , '' Ohtani said through an interpreter . `` It 's a different game up here in the big leagues . Maybe still not quite there yet , but just keep on working hard , come back tomorrow . ''
The Mariners announced they signed LeBlanc ( 4-0 ) to the extension before his start and the soft-tossing left-hander showed them they made a good decision . LeBlanc allowed three hits , struck out four and retired his final 11 batters .
`` It 's huge , '' LeBlanc said . `` It 's life-changing money , obviously , but for me , I 've never been the kind of guy to know where my family and I are going to be the next year this early . ''
LeBlanc 's contract reportedly extends him through the 2019 season , with a base salary of $ 2.75 million and incentives that could raise that to $ 4.75 next season , and contains club options valued at $ 5 million with a $ 450,000 buyout the three following seasons .
It rewards LeBlanc after he 's provided an unexpected source of stability to the Mariners ' rotation . Seattle is 9-3 in games he 's started and he boasts a 2.90 ERA since moving to the rotation on May 3 .
`` It 's good to feel wanted , '' Mariners manager Scott Servais said . `` I know Wade 's been everywhere in his career , but we 're definitely seeing the best of Wade LeBlanc right now . I 'm looking forward to having him in the future . He 's done an unbelievable job for us .
`` The best part about these deals with a guy like that that 's bounced around , is that he 's earned it . And that 's really what makes you feel good and allows you to sleep at night . ''
LeBlanc was signed by the Mariners in spring training after he requested his release from the Yankees , who signed him to a minor league contract .
Alex Colome picked LeBlanc up by stranding Kole Calhoun after his one-out double in the eighth and Edwin Diaz earned his American League-leading 33rd save with a clean ninth inning .
Kyle Seager was 2 for 4 and drove in a pair of runs with a bases-loaded double in the first . Nelson Cruz provided insurance with a solo homer in the eighth .
Andrew Heaney ( 4-6 ) tied a career high with 10 strikeouts , but was tagged with three runs in the first inning to fall behind and was handed the loss .
`` Andrew was terrific tonight , '' Angels manager Mike Scioscia said . `` The walks were probably the one negative for him in the first inning .
`` He pitched a great game , gave us a chance to win . We just could n't get any kind of pressure offensively . ''
Andrelton Simmons ' homer in the fourth was all the Angels could muster offensively .
300 Clubs
Mariners second baseman Dee Gordon stole third base in the eighth inning to put him at 300 career stolen bases .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
ANGELS : Angels outfielder Chris Young exited in the first inning with a left hamstring strain , the club announced . Young stumbled to the ground while fielding Seager 's double to right field and fell to the ground in noticeable pain , staying there until leaving the game with trainers .
MARINERS : Servais said Erasmo Ramirez 's bullpen on Sunday went well and the right-hander will move on with his throwing program .
UP NEXT
ANGELS : RHP Garrett Richards ( 4-4 ) will be activated from the 10-day disabled list and start against the Mariners on Wednesday . He 's been out since June 14 with a left hamstring sprain .
MARINERS : RHP Mike Leake ( 8-4 ) will make his 18th start of the season and third against the Angels on Wednesday . The 30-year-old has lasted seven-plus innings seven times this season and boasted a 2.57 ERA in June .
May 3 Freightcar America Inc
* Freightcar America Inc reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.05
* Q1 revenue $ 139.5 million versus $ 148.6 million
* Q1 revenue view $ 99.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.09 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Deliveries for 2017 are now expected to range between 4,200 and 4,400 railcars
* Freightcar America Inc - company delivered 1,525 railcars in q1 of 2017 , compared to 1,609 railcars delivered in q1 of 2016
* Freightcar America Inc qtrly diversified backlog totaling 2,802 railcars valued at $ 285 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 29 Indian shares ended higher for a second consecutive session on Wednesday as strong foreign investments into the country continued , although broader gains were capped ahead of the earnings season .
The broader NSE index ended 0.47 percent higher at 9,143.80 while the benchmark BSE index closed 0.41 percent higher at 29,531.43
For the midday report , click ( Reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bengaluru )
Bobby Brown wants to `` slap '' Kanye West for using a photograph of Whitney Houston 's bathroom for Pusha-T 's album artwork .
The 40-year-old rapper sparked controversy after he paid $ 85,000 for the image of the for the shocking image - which was secretly taken by Whitney 's sister-in-law Tina Brown in 2006 - which shows the room littered with drug paraphernalia .
Now , the late singer 's 41-year-old ex husband has fired back at Kanye over his decision , telling Rolling Stone magazine : `` Why would he post that on his album cover ? That 's really disgusting that he would do that .
`` That 's in really bad taste . Something should happen to Kanye . He 's already crazy . I knew that when I first met him .
`` Now he 's pushing the bar a little bit . He needs somebody to slap him up or something . And I 'm just the person to do it . ''
Bobby 's comments on the issue come after Whitney 's cousin Damon Elliott , whose mother is Dionne Warwick , said he only heard about the planned use of the image for 'Daytona ' when his daughter told him .
He explained to PEOPLE : `` She was frantic . She sent me this picture from the album cover and I immediately got sick to my stomach because it took me right back to six years ago .
`` I was actually in shock because I 'm in the music business .
`` I 've watched the train wreck happening , but I did n't think he 'd go this far in invading someone 's family privacy .
`` To do something for a publicity stunt to sell records , it 's absolutely disgusting . It hurt my family and my daughter . It 's petty . It 's tacky . ''
Paris Hilton has claimed Lindsay Lohan once crashed a girls night out she was having with Britney Spears .
The DJ and businesswoman has been friends with the 'Toxic ' singer for well over a decade , and has admitted that a now-famous photo of the pair in a car alongside Lindsay Lohan - which was taken 11 years ago - actually came as a result of the 'Mean Girls ' actress turning up to their night out uninvited .
Speaking about the snaps in an interview with MTV Australia , Paris said : `` Actually it was just Brit and me out , and then she just chased us to the car and got in . She was n't invited . ''
It comes after the 36-year-old former reality star took to social media last month to share a snap of herself with Britney , also 36 , which was taken in 2006 , and which she claims was the first ever selfie .
She wrote alongside the photo : `` 11 years ago today , Me & Britney invented the selfie ! ( sic ) ''
The photo was posted as proof to a claim Paris made back in May this year , when she insisted that she had invented the image capturing trick .
Paris made her bold selfie claim in an interview with W Magazine and also boasted that her rise to fame in the 2000s with her best friend Nicole Richie kick-started the modern day social media celebrity phenomenon .
She said : `` If a beeper had a camera , I would have taken a selfie with it . I think I have a selfie from when I was a little kid , like on a disposable camera . ''
Recalling her journey to stardom , she added : `` We started a whole new genre of celebrity that no one had ever seen before . Nowadays , I feel like it 's so easy becoming famous . Anybody with a phone can do it . ''
The suspect in the Toronto van attack that killed 10 people and injured 15 others on Monday is a 25-year-old man named Alek Minassian
Police secure an area around a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday , April 23 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto streethas been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder .
Alek Minassian , of Richmond Hill , Ont. , is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder .
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke his name during the brief hearing .
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident , which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday .
Authorities say 10 people died and another 15 were injured as a result of the attack .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says that while the investigation into the attack is still underway , there is no evidence to suggest it was related to terrorism .
Related : Trudeau calls van attack ‘ horrific and senseless '
Related : Officer 's actions ‘ one shining moment ' after Toronto van attack
Related : Trump : ‘ Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada '
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
From the Lions of Bel Air :
Recently , the Bel Air Lions donated $ 2700 to Camp Possibilities to support children to attend summer camp in 2017 . Camp Possibilities gives children with Type 1 Diabetes , the youthful experience of summer camp . Lions support many other programs for youth and adults with diabetes also .
Camp Possibilities is located at Ramblewood near Darlington , MD and provides about 90 children swimming , fishing , arts and crafts , basketball , field games , nature walks , talent shows , dances and many other activities . These activities are often denied to them at other camps due to their need for constant glucose monitoring . Camp Possibilities educates campers through dedicated support sessions that are informative and encouraging . Throughout any given day at camp , children will frequently interact with medical staff and counselors where personalized information about managing diabetes is shared with them .
According to Mrs. Bobbie Whitlock , Chairperson for Diabetes Awareness with the Bel Air Lions , “ Over this past year , the Lions have donated over $ 4000 to support diabetes programs for youth ” .
The Lions of Bel Air have over 40 members who serve the greater Bel Air area through sight and hearing conservation programs including youth sight screening ; support to many youth activities including Child Safety Day , Scouting , Explorers , Bel Air High School sports and drama activities , and Harford County Teen Court ; assisting youth to attend Diabetes camps ; medical equipment lending closet ; and Rockfield Manor garden sponsorship . For more information or to get involved with the Lions of Bel Air , contact the Club at 410-879-2914 or visit www.belairlions.org or Facebook @ BelAirLions .
March 30 Alkem Laboratories Ltd :
* Says inspection at company 's API manufacturing facility located at Ankaleshwar has now been closed by US FDA
* Says company had submitted a detailed corrective and preventive action ( CAPA ) plan to regulator within stipulated timelines
* Says FDA issued an EIR for its API manufacturing facility at Ankaleshwar , India which was inspected in December 2016
* Says US FDA has reviewed CAPA and has found them acceptable Source text :
In furtherance to the intimation captioned 'Update on US FDA Inspection at Alkem 's Ankaleshwar API Facility ' dated 12th December , 2016 , this is to inform you that the US FDA has issued an Establishment Inspection Report ( EIR ) for the Company 's Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient ( API ) manufacturing facility located at Ankaleshwar , India which was inspected in December 2016 . The inspection has now been closed by the US FDA . In response to the Form 483 issued by the US FDA , the Company had submitted a detailed corrective and preventive action ( CAPA ) plan to the regulator within the stipulated timelines . The US FDA has reviewed the CAPA and has found them acceptable .
Further company coverage :
April 10 The Federal Reserve 's ability to conduct monetary policy free of short-term political pressures is under `` some threat '' from two bills making their way through the U.S. Congress , Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Monday .
Central bank independence is `` very important and results in better decision-making that 's focused on the long-term needs and health of the economy , '' Yellen said at an event at the University of Michigan 's Ford School of Public Policy in Ann Arbor . Of the legislation under consideration , the one that goes the furthest to curtail the Fed 's independence would require the central bank to follow a simple rule for setting interest rates and to justify any deviation from that rule , she said . ( Reporting by Ann Saphir and Jonathan Spicer ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
March 28 Temona Inc :
* Says its stock will begin trading on the Tokyo Stock Exchange ( TSE ) Mothers on April 6 , 2017 , under the symbol `` 3985 ''
* In its initial public offering , the company will offer a total of 288,800 common shares , comprised of newly issued 240,000 shares and privately held 48,800 shares
* Says the nominal offering price as of filing date of Registration Statement is 2,400 yen per share with total offering amount will be 693.1 million yen , and the fixed offering price will be announced at later date
* SMBC Nikko Securities Inc , Kyokuto Securities Co Ltd and Ace Securities Co Ltd included seven securities companies will be the underwriters for this offer
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/Nbf0hE
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
HONG KONG , March 29 Chinese property developer and hotel operator Goldin Properties Holdings Ltd said on Wednesday Chairman Pan Sutong had offered about $ 1.5 billion to buy its outstanding shares and delist the company .
The move comes nearly two years after shares of Goldin Properties soared 450 percent over a two-month period , prompting Hong Kong 's securities regulator to issue a warning to investors that the company 's shareholding structure could create volatility in prices . The shares later plunged and are now trading nearly 70 percent below their peak price in 2015 .
Pan offered to buy Goldin Properties ' shares for HK $ 9 each , putting the total deal at HK $ 11.9 billion ( $ 1.53 billion ) , the company said in a securities filing .
Trading in Goldin Properties was halted on Tuesday , pending the announcement of the take-private deal , and the shares jumped 6.2 percent on Wednesday to close at HK $ 8.37 , once it resumed after Pan unveiled the buyout offer .
The take-private deal will give Pan `` greater flexibility to support the future business development of ( Goldin Properties ) without being subjected to regulatory restrictions and compliance obligations associated with the listing status , '' the company said in the filing .
Goldin Properties ' shares jumped more than fivefold over a two-month period between mid-March and mid-May 2015 , only to slump 48 percent between May 20 and May 21 and bounce back up 73 percent in the following seven days , Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) said at the time .
The SFC had urged investors to exercise `` extreme caution '' in trading the shares because of potential volatility .
The SFC had issued a similar warning against China-based Hanergy Thin Film Power Group Ltd , another large Hong Kong-listed company with a concentrated shareholding whose share price fell dramatically in the span of one hour in 2015 before trading was halted . The stock remains halted . ( $ 1 = 7.7672 Hong Kong dollars ) ( Reporting by Elzio Barreto ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
× The Great Wolf Lodge Poconos Gears Up For A Busy Summer
PHL 17 's Khiree Stewart took a trip out to the Poconos and visited the Great Wolf Lodge .
The Great Wolf Lodge is a family friendly resort that is known for its indoor water park .
The resort also has specialty restaurants , arcades , spas , and children 's activity areas .
Khiree spoke with their General Manager , Bill Colavito , about what they have to offer this summer and their plans for the future .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap 's First Senior Bonds at 'AA ( idn ) '
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) JAKARTA , June 14 ( Fitch ) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA ( idn ) ' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos ( Bank Mantap , AA ( idn ) /Stable ) . Bank Mantap 's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months , which consists of : - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date ,
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo CHINA OUT . NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN CHINA
FILE PHOTO : The first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China ( Comac ) is pulled out during a news conference at the company 's factory in Shanghai , November 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo CHINA OUT . NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN CHINA
BEIJING The Commercial Aircraft Corp of China ( COMAC ) said on Wednesday the maiden flight for the C919 , China 's first domestically-produced large passenger plane , is scheduled for May 5 .
The maiden flight will take place in the Shanghai Pudong International Airport , subject to weather conditions , COMAC said . State media agency Xinhua earlier on Wednesday reported the maiden flight 's date .
Reuters , quoting sources , had reported last month that China planned to stage the maiden C919 flight on or around May 5 .
( Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk ; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman )
VERSAILLES – This year the Poultry Days Social Tent takes things to another level with 10 live musical acts and an expanded beverage selection .
This year Poultry Days offers 10 acts representing varied musical styles from Saw Creek and the MicStand Band 's country , to Empty Tank and Eight Balls rock , to solo acoustic and the “ under the streetlight ” music of the '60s and '70s of the Quintessentials . In addition , one of the top party bands in Ohio , Tricky Dick & The Cover-Ups , will travel from Cleveland with their own style of high energy rock funk . With a Social Tent that can hold more than 2,000 people , guests can choose to be up front by the music , at a table by the small bar or under the stars with the outside seating for 300 .
Friday , June 8 , 3:30-5 p.m. , DeMange Brothers . The DeMange Brothers , Tyler and Mason , have performed with several bands at the festival but are excited to make their debut together at Poultry Days to get the festival started !
Friday , June 8 , 5 -7:30 p.m. , The MicStand Band . Mike and Stan McClurg two brothers effortlessly blend a selection of country and classic rock .
Friday , June 8 , 8-11:30 p.m. , Tricky Dick & the Cover Ups . Tricky Dick & The Cover-Ups are a top-tier cover band that will bring Friday night under the Social Tent to another level . Based in Cleveland , 1,000 performances over nine years and named “ Best Cover Band ” by Cleveland and Scene Magazine . An ever-growing song list that is updated weekly ensures that fans never see the same show twice . Members of the band rotate instruments and lead vocals , allowing for a fresh and exciting mix throughout the performance . Fans and friends of this top-rated pop/rock band know to expect a gigantic variety of songs performed back to back for a non-stop , high energy party .
Saturday , June 9 , 12:30-2 p.m. , The Quintessentials . Award-winning barbershop quintet group of Ohio Has Talent . The group consists five Versailles natives who bring back the “ under the streetlight ” music of the '60s and '70s . Come out to hear your favorite music spanning from Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons , to the Beach Boys , performed by these Versailles natives .
Saturday , June 9 , 2:30-4:30 p.m. , Jason Rhoades . Jason has been playing music in the area for 20 years with bands such as Who 's Randy , See Alice Jones and most recently with Clark Manson . His shows are unpredictable , fun and full of shenanigans .
Saturday , June 9 , 5-7 p.m. , Strategy . Performing a diverse mix of music from Elvis to Kiss and Charlie Daniels to Judas Priest . Strategy 's recent highlights include : Opening for The Little River Band as well as performing at many of the top local festivals and clubs .
Saturday , June 9 , 7:30-11:30 p.m. , Saw Creek . Led by experienced musician Steve Rosenbeck , along with his son Zach and two nephews Jared and Jesse Ranly . This country music band specializes in classic and top 40 country music by the likes of Jason Aldean , Luke Bryan , Florida Georgia Line , Kenney Chesney and many more . They have played in Nashville , Toby Keith 's Bar and Grill , and have opened for artists Dylan Scott and Clark Manson .
Sunday , June 10 , 1-3 p.m , Danny and Japes . A guitarist , singer/songwriter , originally from the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia . Danny 's folk/rock music influence sounds its way through his covers of well-known artists , such as James Taylor , Jim Croce , Jason Mraz and John Denver .
Sunday , June 10th , 3:30-6 p.m. , Eight Ball . 8-Ball has been adding new tunes to step things up a notch from their last spectacular festival performance ! A Versailles-based band who won the Dayton Battle of the Bands in one of their first appearances . This group started out with classic rock and “ big hairband ” rock . Today , 8-Ball plays grunge , new rock and older rock songs with a new dated sound . A dynamic lead singer and powerful guitar backed by inspiring drums and bass , they are guaranteed to impress . Do n't miss this rare opportunity to see one of the area 's best bands .
Sunday , June 10th , 6:30-10:30 p.m. , Empty Tank . If you 're looking for a band that will entertain you with a wide variety of music , the Empty Tank band will not disappoint . This high energy group performs music spanning from yesteryear 's classics through today 's top songs . These guys pack in more than four straight hours of music , three-part harmonies and rockin ' guitar and keyboard solos .
The beverage selection for this year 's Social Tent is as rocking as the music . The Winery at Versailles will be offering frozen slushies with different flavors each day as well as a wide selection wines including Cabernet Franc , Pinot Grigio , Buckeye Blush , Rodeo Red , Strawberry , Peach and Raspberry Summer Days , Sangria and the famous Rooster Red . The Social Tent will be sponsored by BonBright MillerCoors , which along with Anheuser-Busch , will provide more than 20 different beers severed at main and small bars . The biggest additions to the beer selection are Blackberry Prairie Wheat , Honey wagon IPA and Wally Post from Moeller Brew Barn .
Versailles Poultry Days and the Village of Versailles invite community members to the 67th annual Poultry Days Festival June 8 , 9 and 10 . Poultry Days will close the highway again just like it has since 1972 and promises another great weekend of chicken , friends and fun .
Visit the website www.versaillespoultrydays.com for event details and schedules or like Poultry Days on Facebook .
LAGOS , March 31 Nigeria 's dollar reserves fell to a two-week low of $ 30.29 billion on March 29 , central bank data showed on Friday .
Nigeria 's central bank has been intervening on the currency market this month to support the ailing naira after it effectively devalued it in a bid to narrow the spread with the black market rate .
Nigeria 's reserves stood at $ 29.64 billion a month ago and have risen 16.1 percent since the start of the year but are still far off their peak of $ 64 billion , hit in August 2008 . ( Reporting by Oludare Mayowa ; Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha ; Editing by Andrew Roche )
* Spot gold on track for best quarter since Jan-March 2016 * Silver off highs hit in previous session * Platinum heads for worst month since August 2016 * Palladium has risen over 16 percent this quarter * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Updates prices , adds details ) By Arpan Varghese March 31 Gold remained steady on Friday with global political uncertainty , the upcoming elections in Europe in particular , seen supporting prices of the yellow metal , driving the metal to its best quarter in a year . Spot gold was little changed at $ 1,242.90 per ounce at 0716 GMT . It was on track to finish March down about 0.5 percent , its first monthly decline this year . However , spot prices were set for their best quarter since the quarter ended March last year , gaining about 8 percent . `` In the short term , factors including a strengthening dollar could pull prices down to around the $ 1,230 an ounce range , '' said Yuichi Ikemizu , head of commodity trading at Standard Bank in Tokyo . `` However , the fundamentals are still bullish for gold , especially with the upcoming elections in France and elsewhere in Europe . So prices are not really expected to go much lower from here '' U.S. gold futures fell 0.2 percent to $ 1,242 . Spot gold may fall into the range of $ 1,235- $ 1,236 per ounce , as suggested by its wave pattern and a Fibonacci ratio analysis , according to Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao . The dollar index was up 0.1 percent at 100.51 , near a two-week high hit earlier in the session , supported by solid U.S. economic data . U.S. economic growth slowed less than previously reported in the fourth quarter as robust consumer spending provided a boost that was partially offset by the largest gain in imports in two years . The greenback was further supported by comments from New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley on Thursday that reinforced the notion that core U.S. central bankers are confidently on the road to tighter monetary policy after having hiked interest rates twice in three months . Meanwhile , holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world 's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund , which is seen as a gauge of investment sentiment , reported an outflow of 1.2 tonnes on Thursday . However , the potential for the rise of the far right in European elections this year , along with British Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggering divorce proceedings from the EU on Wednesday is seen enhancing gold 's appeal as a safe-haven investment . Spot silver rose 0.1 percent to $ 18.09 per ounce , having touched $ 18.29 , in the previous session , its highest in four weeks . Platinum rose 0.3 percent to $ 945.80 per ounce , after hitting its lowest in just over two weeks at $ 941 earlier in the session . The metal was also set to end the month about 7.6 percent lower , which would mark its worst monthly performance since August 2016 . Palladium eased 0.2 percent to $ 792.43 an ounce and has risen over 16 percent this quarter . ( Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru ; Editing by Richard Pullin and Amrutha Gayathri )
NEW YORK — Roseanne Barr is partly blaming Ambien for the tweet that led to her show 's cancellation , but the maker of the insomnia drug quickly retorted that `` racism is not a known side-effect . ''
Hours after ABC axed her show for her offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was back on the social media platform .
She urged people not to defend her and said of her Jarrett tweet that she was `` ambien tweeting '' at 2 a.m .
That led to the response on Twitter by the drugmaker Sanofi .
Her July complaint to Durham police is now being investigated by the force 's professional standards unit . The allegations have not been proven .
On April 21 , Whiteway called Durham police in a panic . Her ex-husband was taking care of their daughter for the weekend , and he was threatening to commit suicide , her complaint says . ( The Star is not naming the ex-husband because of his mental health . His lawyer did not respond to requests for comment . )
Durham officers eventually found the man and his daughter in his truck on a rural highway . The daughter returned home with Whiteway . Meanwhile , the officers told Whiteway that they had arrested her ex-husband under the Mental Health Act and would take him to a hospital in Oshawa to be evaluated , her complaint alleges .
When she spoke with the officers later , her complaint says , she was told she could n't speak with her ex because he was seeing a doctor .
But the officers only took the man to the hospital parking lot , she alleges .
`` It was explained to him that this was just being done because the police cars have GPS and the police officers dealing with him needed a record to show that they were at the hospital if ever questioned about the incident , '' her complaint says .
The man was grilled about his ex-wife 's personal life , Whiteway 's complaint alleges .
`` ( He ) was mistreated and threatened in order to manufacture evidence to discredit me as an officer which I believe is related to my complaint against Inspector Nick Lisi , '' her complaint says .
The complaint does not indicate that Lisi was among the officers that allegedly interrogated her ex-husband .
She alleges that after as many as 2½ hours , the officers took the man back to his truck and told him `` he better be 'solid ' and not tell anyone about what had happened . ''
Whiteway 's complaint says that the hospital could not find any admission records for her ex from the night of the incident .
Whiteway is now on stress leave . She would not speak to the Star out of fear she would be disciplined by the police force , said her lawyer , Peter Brauti .
`` We want to see accountability of people who were n't doing their job . We want to see accountability of people who may have behaved in a corrupt manner , '' Brauti said .
`` We want to see transparency . We want to be told what Durham police are doing about this . ''
Whiteway 's ex-husband has also filed a complaint about the incident with the Office of the Independent Police Review Director , a civilian police oversight agency , Brauti said .
Brauti said he has asked Durham police to let the agency investigate Whiteway 's complaint .
`` The complete lack of trust demands that an outside agency look at this , '' he said . `` We have a problem with the police policing themselves . ''
An ongoing Toronto Star investigation found that Lisi is one of two senior Durham police officials who have been accused of harassing behaviour , including mocking officers ' personal lives and making vulgar public comments . The other is Rob Wallington , a civilian in charge of the police force 's strategic planning unit .
A Durham police spokesperson said the force would not answer specific questions about `` internal , personnel matters . ''
`` Inappropriate behaviour from any employee will not be tolerated and we are committed to an open , professional and equitable workplace , '' the spokesperson , Dave Selby , said in a statement .
Durham 's police union said the force has a `` cultural problem , '' and accuses management of not doing enough to investigate rank-and-file officers ' complaints or protect employees from harassment .
In October , Durham police Chief Paul Martin sent out a force-wide email after an investigation `` clearly identified misconduct '' by one senior officer . Martin 's email does not name the officer , though multiple Durham police sources say it is in reference to Wallington .
The chief hired a retired deputy chief to probe the matter , which is expected to be finished this month .
Martin told Durham officers in the email that he will give them `` a full account '' of its findings `` while respecting the limits imposed by respect for privacy and law .
`` It is by being open and confident about our values and our conduct that we maintain the trust of our community — especially at times when questions have been raised , '' Martin 's email said .
OTTAWA The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday , but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter .
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country 's big banks — at 1.25 per cent .
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment , but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market `` continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates . ''
`` Going forward , solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018 , '' it said .
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track , but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies .
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target , but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data .
`` In particular , the bank will continue to assess the economy 's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity , '' it said .
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday , but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year .
The central bank 's statement had `` a hawkish tone , suggesting the next rate hike is not far off , '' said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto .
`` All told , the positives seem to outweigh the negatives , '' DePratto wrote in a note to clients .
March 31 Tianjin Motor Dies Co. , Ltd. :
* Says it plans to use 24 million yuan to set up investment JV in Tianjin , with three partners
* Says the new JV to be capitalized at 50 million yuan and the co to hold 48 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/s3fF6Q
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Slovenian championship matches on Sunday Sunday , August 13 NK Krsko 2 NK Ankaran 2 Saturday , August 12 ND Gorica 1 NK Aluminij 0 Olimpija Ljubljana 4 Rudar Velenje 0 Friday , August 11 MIK Celje 1 NK Triglav Kranj 1 Maribor 0 Domzale 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Olimpija Ljubljana 5 4 1 0 13 1 13 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Maribor 5 4 1 0 10 3 13 3 Domzale 5 2 2 1 9 4 8 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 4 NK Krsko 5 2 2 1 8 8 8 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 Rudar Velenje 5 2 0 3 5 8 6 6 MIK Celje 5 1 2 2 5 10 5 7 NK Triglav Kranj 5 0 4 1 4 5 4 8 ND Gorica 5 1 1 3 3 6 4 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 9 NK Aluminij 5 1 1 3 6 10 4 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 10 NK Ankaran 5 0 2 3 5 13 2 1 : Champions League preliminary round 2-3 : Europa League preliminary round 4 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 9 : Relegation play-off 10 : Relegation
VIENNA Austria 's ruling Social Democrats are responding to rising anti-establishment sentiment in a way that would be unthinkable in most European nations - by moving towards lifting a self-imposed ban on coalitions with the far-right Freedom Party ( FPO ) .
As elsewhere in Europe , the centre-left has in recent years lost voters to an anti-Islam , anti-immigration party . The FPO now regularly tops Austrian opinion polls with support of more than 30 percent , surpassing even levels seen around 2000 when it entered a national coalition that lasted for several years .
But even if the Social Democrats are able to overtake the FPO in the next parliamentary election due within about 18 months , they will have few options . To form a government , they would most likely need to continue an unpopular alliance with the conservative People 's Party or start a new one with the FPO .
With that in mind , the Social Democrats ( SPO ) are drawing up a list of conditions that any coalition partner would have to meet , which would effectively end the ban put in place 30 years ago . The aim is also to help unite a party still deeply divided over whether to do business with the far right .
`` It will at least make it a discussion focussed on the issues rather than emotion , '' said Peter Kaiser , SPO governor of the province of Carinthia , who heads the party 's working group in charge of the project .
`` Everyone was annoyed by all the debate around a single issue : can we ( work ) with the FPO or not ? '' he told Reuters .
Although work on what is known as the `` catalogue of criteria '' is continuing , Kaiser said it included fundamental values such as supporting the European Union and the welfare state , as well as women 's equal status in society .
Such broad principles are unlikely to prevent a coalition with the FPO . In 2000 , the preamble to a coalition pact between the FPO and the People 's Party voiced support for the EU and human rights to allay similar concerns .
That coalition prompted street protests and was marked by several corruption scandals but also by achievements including pension reform . Within three years , however , support for the FPO had halved as internal disputes grew , and FPO leaders including the charismatic Joerg Haider later left the fold .
The fact the FPO has been in national government before and has been a prominent feature of the Austrian political landscape for decades makes talk of a possible coalition slightly less toxic than it would be for similar parties in other countries .
In France , a `` republican front '' among mainstream parties against Marine Le Pen 's National Front has eroded since her father was trounced in the second round of the presidential election in 2002 .
Polls still suggest , however , that she will be soundly defeated in next month 's presidential run-off , and it would be taboo for the centre-left Socialist Party to consider a coalition with the National Front .
Before last month 's Dutch parliamentary election , all major mainstream parties ruled out joining a coalition that included the far-right PVV , saying anti-Islam remarks by its leader Geert Wilders had become too extreme . The mainstream conservatives won the election but the PVV scored big gains to finish second .
In contrast with those countries , two centrist parties have dominated Austrian politics for the past 70 years , often governing together in coalition . Of the 29 governments since World War Two , 20 have included the SPO .
`` Social Democracy in Austria has become accustomed to being in government , which leads to being willing to pay a higher price ( to stay in power ) than is perhaps the case in France , '' political analyst Anton Pelinka said .
`` THE VOTER IS ALWAYS RIGHT ''
SPO Chancellor Christian Kern 's government is implementing several law-and-order measures meant to eat into FPO support , including a ban on Muslim face-covering veils and a tightening of immigration rules .
At the same time , he has taken steps towards treating the FPO like any other party , including taking part in a radio debate with its leader last November . `` We have never had such a friendly discussion , '' Kern said at the time . `` In terms of content , however , at least medium-sized worlds divide us . ''
The FPO says it is open to form coalitions with all parties , including the SPO .
Within the SPO , however , debate continues to rage on whether doing business with the FPO is a price worth paying for power .
`` What is the point of being in the government if we then implement FPO policies ? '' said Julia Herr , head of Socialist Youth , a left-wing group connected to the party , who wants more specific criteria , like support for a wealth tax .
`` I think the SPO is gambling away its credibility , '' she said , referring to the fact that in one province , Burgenland , the SPO and FPO have been in coalition since 2015 .
For now , however , momentum is with pragmatists like Burgenland 's governor , Hans Niessl . His SPO-FPO government has approved a cap on benefits for recent immigrants and placed added emphasis on security in Burgenland , which borders Hungary .
`` The voter is always right . We practice majority politics , '' he said in an interview , adding that in his experience in Burgenland , voters did not object to the SPO working with the FPO . `` Where 's the harm ? ''
( Additional reporting by Toby Sterling in Amsterdam , Alexandra Schwarz-Goerlich and Kirsti Knolle in Vienna , writing by Francois Murphy ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
April 28 Russian Economy Minister Maxim Oreshkin said on Friday he expected the central bank to make more interest rate cuts this year .
The central bank lowered its key rate to 9.25 percent from 9.75 percent on Friday .
`` I expect the continuing softening of monetary and credit conditions in the next months through real interest rates and exchange rates , '' said Oreshkin . ( Reporting by Darya Korsunskaya ; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
March 31Bus Online Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to decrease by 28.5 percent to 76.2 percent , or to be 2 million yuan to 6 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 8.4 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are decreased investment return and increased R & D expense of new products
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/BF4cr2
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
May 3 Lafargeholcim Ltd
* LafargeHolcim CEO Eric Olsen says sees steady improvements in North America . Effects of demonitization in India over
* LafargeHolcim CEO says optimistic about volumes and pricing in India in Q2
* LafargeHolcim CEO says company should reach 1 billion sfr synergies target by end of Q2 , a year ahead of schedule
* LafargeHolcim CEO says his departure does not affect buyback timing , still intends buyback in 2017-2018
* LafargeHolcim CEO says expects to see strengthening pricing environment in Europe in 2017
* LafargeHolcim CEO says sees cement market growth of 2 - 4 percent , sees company performing in this range Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by John Revill )
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $ 0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017 , compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
May 2 Just Eat Plc
* Q1 2017 update strong performance ; reiterating full-year guidance
* Reported revenues were up 46 % to £118.9 million ( q1 2016 : £81.5 million )
* On a currency neutral , like for like 1 basis , revenues grew by 40 % , driven by strong order growth , last year 's commission increases , including uk , and inclusion of skipthedishes
* Reiterate guidance given at our 2016 full year results on 7 March 2017 , for full year 2017 revenues of between £480-495 million , and underlying ebitda of £157-163 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By London Bureau )
The Canadian Hockey League in association with Sherwin-Williams , the Western Hockey League , and the Red Deer Rebels Hockey Club , announced that the 2019 Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game will be hosted by the Rebels at ENMAX Centrium on Wednesday January 23 , 2019 .
The 2019 event will mark the CHL 's 24th annual showcase of NHL Draft talent featuring players from across the WHL , as well as the Ontario Hockey League and the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League , competing before hundreds of NHL scouts in attendance .
“ The Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game is one of the special hockey events circled annually on the calendar because of the unique experience it offers our players , NHL scouts , and CHL fans across the country , ” said CHL President David Branch . “ As evidenced last week in Guelph , it 's a showcase of our league 's rising stars and the next wave of talent eligible for the NHL Draft . On behalf of the Canadian Hockey League we look forward to bringing this event to the City of Red Deer , the Rebels organization , and to the fans on January 23 , 2019 . ”
While Red Deer is a first time host , the event heads to the province of Alberta for the fifth time in 24 years following games in Calgary ( 1999 , 2001 , 2014 ) and Edmonton ( 2008 ) . Red Deer will become the 16th different Canadian city to host the event with a list that includes Toronto ( 1996-98 , 2000 , 2011 ) , Saskatoon ( 2002 ) , Kitchener ( 2003 ) , London ( 2004 ) , Vancouver ( 2005 , 2016 ) , Ottawa ( 2006 ) , Quebec City ( 2007 , 2017 ) , Oshawa ( 2009 ) , Windsor ( 2010 ) , Kelowna ( 2012 ) , Halifax ( 2013 ) , St. Catharines ( 2015 ) , and Guelph ( 2018 ) .
“ We are thrilled to bring another great CHL event to our season ticket members , sponsors , and fans in Central Alberta , ” said Rebels Owner/President/General Manager/Head Coach Brent Sutter . “ The Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game brings the best in class for the upcoming NHL Draft to our community , and we know our fans will appreciate the level of hockey that is presented . Combined with the U18 Hlinka Gretzky Cup , Canada Winter Games , and the WHL Bantam Draft and Awards , our region looks to be a hub of hockey over the next year ! ”
The Rebels have had 24 players compete in this event including 12 who were chosen in the first round of the NHL Draft following event participation . Headlining their list of alumni is Ryan Nugent-Hopkins who earned Player of the Game honours as captain for Team Orr with two assists in a 7-1 win over Team Cherry in 2011 before becoming the first overall pick of the Edmonton Oilers . Other Rebels first round picks include Lance Ward ( New Jersey 1996 ) , Jesse Wallin ( Detroit 1996 ) , Mike Brown ( Florida 1997 ) , Colby Armstrong ( Pittsburgh 2001 ) , Jeff Woywitka ( Philadelphia 2001 ) , Boyd Gordon ( Washington 2002 ) , Dion Phaneuf ( Calgary 2003 ) , Brandon Sutter ( Carolina 2007 ) , Mathew Dumba ( Minnesota 2012 ) , Haydn Fleury ( Carolina 2014 ) , and Conner Bleackley ( Colorado 2014 ) .
“ As the official paint sponsor of the CHL , the CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game is a highlight for Sherwin-Williams , ” said Lee Diamond , Executive President and General Manager – Canada , Sherwin-Williams . “ We are honoured to continue our great partnership with the CHL , and we look forward to cheering on some great talent next year in Red Deer . ”
Parsons Welcomes Navalurkar as VP/Program Director
People | 0 comments Posted on Apr 17 , 2017 in News
Parsons announced in March that Dr. Rajendra Navalurkar has joined the corporation as Vice President and Program Director for complex bridge and tunnel design . In his role of Program Director , Navalurkar establishes bridge and tunnel teams and program requirements for all project areas and oversees project execution plans through to completion
“ Raj 's educational leadership style is unsurpassed. ” said Michael Johnson , Parsons Group President . “ His expertise makes him an asset to Parsons as we continue to expand our bridge and tunnel projects . ”
Navalurkar comes to Parsons with more than 24 years of design and infrastructure management experience , with a focus on major bridge projects . He has worked extensively with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , MTA Bridges and Tunnels , New York City Department of Transportation , New York City Department of Environmental Protection , and several other clients .
RELATED : CH2M/Parsons JV Selected as Program Manager for DC Water CIP
In addition to his project expertise , he also has more than 22 years of teaching experience . As an adjunct professor at the New Jersey Institute of Technology , Navalurkar teaches a variety of structural engineering graduate and undergraduate courses , including stability of structures , fracture mechanics , earthquake engineering , steel design ( load resistance factor design ) , pre-stressed concrete design , among other subjects .
Navalurkar holds a bachelor 's degree in civil engineering from the R.V . College of Engineering , Bangalore , India , and he holds master 's and doctorate degrees in structural engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology . He is a licensed professional engineer and is based in Parsons ' New York City office .
RELATED : Parsons Awarded Deep Wastewater Tunnels Project in Dubai
TBM Online - 2017
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
* Shell wants Dutch to target 20 GW offshore wind by 2030
* Shell pursuing green projects after investor , policy pressures
* Shell also advocates use of gas to complement renewables
By Karolin Schaps
LONDON , April 13 Anglo-Dutch oil major Royal Dutch Shell said it has urged the Dutch government to come up with bolder offshore wind targets and quadruple the goal for installed capacity to 20 gigawatts ( GW ) by 2030 .
Europe 's biggest oil company , which has traditionally invested little in green energy sources , is ramping up renewable energy investments to $ 1 billion a year by the end of the decade after pressure from shareholders to do so and as it sees governments turning to less carbon intensive and more flexible fuels .
Some of its recent activities in renewable energy include winning a contract , as part of a consortium , to build a wind farm off the coast of the Netherlands and bidding for an offshore wind licence in the United States .
In the Netherlands , where it is by far the largest listed company , it is lobbying the government to raise its long-term offshore wind target to give investors clarity on priorities further out .
`` We need to lower the costs of development , but we would also want the Dutch government to come up with the policy for a further rollout of 10-15 GW in capacity for the period until 2030 , '' said a spokeswoman for Shell in the Netherlands .
The Netherlands is lagging other European countries in renewable energy investments and was ordered by a district court in The Hague in 2015 to cut carbon emissions by 25 percent within five years after losing a court case brought by environmental campaigners .
The government has since launched a programme to speed up renewable energy projects , including tenders to build 4.5 GW of offshore wind farm capacity and more beyond that .
As part of a group of the Netherlands ' largest companies , Shell has called on policymakers making up the next Dutch government to adopt a comprehensive climate law that will help the country meet targets set out in the 2015 Paris climate accord .
Shell said in its sustainability report published on Wednesday that it is `` helping '' policymakers in the Netherlands to find an energy mix that allows reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
The oil major , which operates the Netherlands ' largest operating gas field in Groningen jointly with Exxon Mobil , is also pushing for the use of gas to complement erratic renewable energy production .
The Dutch government has capped the amount of gas that can be produced from the Groningen field because of related earthquakes and wants to continue winding down output as part of its emissions-cutting plans .
`` The largest contribution Shell can make to reducing emissions globally in the near term is to continue to grow the role of natural gas , '' Shell Chief Executive Ben van Beurden said at an industry event last month . ( Editing by Susan Fenton )
ISLAMABAD — Pakistan opening batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for not co-operating with the Pakistan Cricket Board 's anti-corruption tribunal in a match fixing fixing case .
`` The charge levelled upon Nasir Jamshed by the PCB so far was simply one of a failure to co-operate , '' PCB 's legal advisor Taffazul Rizvi told reporters in the eastern city of Lahore on Monday .
Jamshed is the fifth Pakistani cricketer after Sharjeel Khan , Khalid Latif , Mohammad Irfan and Mohammad Nawaz to be fined and banned for violating several anti-corruption codes during the second edition of the Pakistan Super League this year .
The PCB had suspended Jamshed on Feb. 13 this year and he is now barred from all forms of the game until Feb. 13 next year .
Jamshed was arrested in the UK in February and was released on bail .
He appeared before the PCB 's anti-corruption tribunal , via video link , in August this year from England . Prior to that , Jamshed failed to appear before PCB officials when they travelled to England to investigate the cricketer .
`` No proof has been made public yet so that he ( Jamshed ) does n't try to cover his tracks , '' Rizvi said . `` If he is innocent , then should n't he or his client have explained why his passport has been confiscated by the National Crime Agency in London ? Why is he on bail over there ? ''
Jamshed 's lawyer Hasan Waraich challenged Rizvi , saying the PCB had no proof against his client .
`` My client has been defamed nationally and internationally , and the reputation of the country has been damaged by the PCB 's actions , '' he said .
`` They kept saying they had multiple proofs against my client , and I challenged them to present those proofs to the media . They have consistently failed to do so . ''
FRANKFURT , April 6 German drugs-packaging maker Gerresheimer expects confusion over U.S. healthcare policy to continue to be a drag on revenues this quarter , with a normalisation coming in the second half of the year , its chief executive said on Thursday .
Gerresheimer earlier said it expected full-year sales at the lower end of its guidance range as major customers waited to see what measures new U.S. President Donald Trump might impose , sending its shares down 5.7 percent by 0827 GMT .
`` The effects are mainly temporary , but in primary packaging in America we may not recover over the course of the year , '' CEO Uwe Roehrhoff told journalists on a conference call , adding that the effect on full-year profit should be `` manageable '' . ( Reporting by Georgina Prodhan ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
FILE PHOTO : A Tesla logo hangs on a building outside of a Tesla dealership in New York , U.S. , April 29 , 2016 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
Tesla Inc ( TSLA.O ) on Friday said that its subsidiary SolarCity will curtail door-to-door sales of rooftop solar installations over the next month as Tesla seeks to absorb the company into its high-end brand .
The move comes at a time when growth in sales of residential solar systems has slowed in key states , including California , where Tesla is based . Industry watchers say consumers in more mature solar markets have tired of the industry 's aggressive sales tactics .
`` We believe this decision reflects what most of our prospective customers prefer , and will result in a better experience for them , '' a Tesla spokesperson said in an emailed statement .
Tesla has built its luxury electric car brand on exclusivity , whereas SolarCity marketed its systems to a wide range of consumers mainly by promising cost savings .
As a result , the move marks a major shift for SolarCity , which before its acquisition by Tesla had become the nation 's top solar installer by amassing a legion of sales representatives in solar-friendly states across the country . Though most sales are generated through customer referrals , door-to-door sales became a significant means of reaching new customers over the last three years .
Most affected employees will be reassigned to other sales channels or given the opportunity to interview for other positions , Tesla said . About 1,000 people work in door-to-door sales for the company .
The company said it plans to expand its retail and online sales of solar systems , including in Tesla stores . It will also continue selling systems through long-standing partnerships with retailers , including Home Depot ( HD.N ) and Best Buy Co Inc ( BBY.N ) .
`` We expect the growth of these channels to end up more than offsetting the loss of door-to-door sales , '' Tesla said .
Tesla , which completed its acquisition of SolarCity in November , has repeatedly said that it would prioritize preserving cash over increasing sales of solar systems . It has also said that it would reduce the cost of acquiring new customers , a metric that has remained stubbornly high across the highly competitive industry .
In keeping with its move toward more distinctive solar offerings , Tesla has said it plans to roll out a line of solar roof tiles later this year . The solar-powered roof shingles were unveiled last October to showcase the benefits of combining Elon Musk 's electric carmaker with the solar installer .
( Reporting by Nichola Groom ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
Trump praises service members during charity dinner in W.Va .
Now Playing :
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS , W.Va. ( AP ) — President Donald Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day .
Delivering remarks at a `` Salute to Service '' charity dinner at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia , Trump praised `` Americans of every generation '' who have served in the armed forces .
The event was held in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic , which has been rechristened as `` A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier . '' The venerable resort is owned by the state 's Republican governor , presidential ally Jim Justice .
Highlighting his efforts to boost spending for the military , Trump said , `` As the golfers can tell you , the stronger we get , the less likely it is that we will have to use it . ''
An avid golfer , Trump praised the `` incredible athletes '' in attendance .
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 2 of 3 President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 3 of 3 Trump praises service members during charity dinner in W.Va. 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
`` These are unbelievably talented people , '' he said . `` They 're talented in their mind and in their body . Their muscles are strong , but their mind has to be stronger .
The event marked Trump 's latest appearance in a state he won by more than 40 percentage points in 2016 . Its Democratic senator , Joe Manchin , is seeking re-election .
Trump has criticized Manchin for voting against tax cuts the president enacted last year . Manchin is among Democrats with whom Trump recently discussed the vacancy on the Supreme Court .
Trump previewed his upcoming nomination to fill the vacancy , saying he `` hit a home run '' with Justice Neil Gorsuch , whom he picked for the nation 's high court last year . `` We 're going to hit a home run here , '' he said .
The president also criticized calls from some Democrats to abolish U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the federal agency charged with detaining and deporting unauthorized immigrants .
`` We 're not abandoning ICE and we 're not abandoning law enforcement , '' he said .
× Colon and rectal cancer screenings should start at 45 , new guidelines say
If you 're in your mid-40s and have n't had your colon checked , it might be time .
The American Cancer Society 's newly updated guidelines for colon and rectal cancer screening recommend that adults at average risk get screened starting at age 45 instead of 50 , as previously advised .
The updated guidelines come on the heels of what seems to be a rise in colorectal cancer among younger adults .
Those at higher risk include African Americans , Alaska Natives , and people with a family history or a personal history of colon or rectal polyps ; risk factors such as these could require screening earlier .
Published in CA : A Cancer Journal for Clinicians on Wednesday , the updated guidelines also indicate that there are six screening test options for adults , ranging from noninvasive stool tests to visual exams like colonoscopy , depending on the preference of the patient and availability of the test .
Other health organizations in the United States — such as the US Preventive Services Task Force — still recommend routine screening for colon and rectal cancers starting at age 50 .
Colorectal cancer , which includes both colon and rectal cancers , is the third most common cause of cancer-related deaths in the world , according to the World Health Organization .
In the United States , colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer-related deaths among cancers that affect both men and women , according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Some studies suggest that the rates of colorectal cancer deaths are climbing among American adults younger than 55 .
After declining overall from 1970 to 2004 , colon and rectal cancer mortality rates among 20- to 54-year-olds in the United States increased by 1 % annually from 2004 to 2014 , according to a study published last year in the medical journal JAMA .
“ Behind these numbers are real people and real faces , and all of us in the colorectal cancer world and all the gastroenterologists and all the oncologists have been seeing more and more young people who develop this disease , ” said Dr. Richard Wender , chief cancer control officer at the American Cancer Society , who oversaw the development of the new guidelines .
“ In people born more recently , they 're at four times the risk for rectal cancer than people born in the '50s ( at the same age ) , for example , and double the risk of colon cancer , ” he said . “ It 's what we call a birth cohort effect . Nobody knows why really clearly , and that 's a big area of interest , but nobody 's questioning that it 's happening . ”
Six screening test options
To make the updated guidelines , researchers conducted a systematic review of published studies on colorectal cancer screening strategies .
The researchers also commissioned a microsimulation modeling study involving a model called MISCAN , which simulates colorectal cancer incidence and mortality and estimates risk factors and the impact of screening and treatment practices .
The researchers ' new modeling study was an extension of analyses conducted for the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendations , and it assessed the potential risk and benefit of various colorectal screening strategies among black and white men and women in the United States .
Based on their review and that simulation modeling , the researchers identified efficient strategies for screening starting at age 45 .
Those strategies were undergoing colonoscopy every 10 years ; a computed tomography colonography or “ virtual colonoscopy ” every five years ; a flexible sigmoidoscopy every five years ; a multitarget stool DNA test every three years ; a take-home fecal immunochemical test annually ; or a take-home high-sensitivity guaiac fecal occult blood test annually .
The updated guidelines also noted that there is wide variation in the costs of those screening options , depending on patient insurance plans , ranging from around $ 30 for a take-home fecal immunochemical test to thousands of dollars for a colonoscopy .
Outside of the cost and the frequency in which a test is recommended to be done , “ all these tests are approximately equal in their value and can be offered , ” Wender said .
“ We know from trials that if you offer a choice between colonoscopy and a less-invasive test , that more people will opt to be screened , which is our goal in the end , ” he said . “ The evidence is now absolutely clear , and I ca n't emphasize how carefully this was done . It took us two years of work to provide a compelling argument and evidence that the screening age for everyone should begin at age 45 , not age 50 . ”
What explains the rise in colorectal cancer ?
Time will tell whether other leading health organizations follow in the American Cancer Society 's footsteps with recommending screening for adults younger than 50 .
Additionally , more research could shed light on why there has been a rise in colorectal cancer among these younger adults , said Dr. George Chang , chief of colorectal surgery at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston , who was not involved in the updated guidelines .
“ The rates of screening right now under the age of 50 are negligible . Therefore , what we 've observed with the rising incidence is not simply a result of detection bias , ” Chang said . “ This appears to be a real phenomenon . ”
He added that he has some ideas regarding what factors could be driving this rise , as “ there are a number of things that have changed over the past several decades that have to do with exposures and lifestyle . ”
“ We know that obesity 's associated with an increased incidence of many cancers , including colorectal cancer , and the obesity epidemic remains an important and growing problem in the US . So that may be one associated factor , ” Chang said .
Other possible factors could include sedentary lifestyles , environmental exposures and diets high in processed foods , he said .
“ While we have not identified the causal factor , it is likely that all of these factors contribute to this rising incidence , ” he said .
A separate report released last week by the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research highlighted strong evidence that being physically active and eating whole grains and foods high in fiber , along with other healthy habits , can decrease the risk of colorectal cancer .
Consuming red meat , processed meat and alcoholic beverages , among other factors , could increase the risk of colorectal cancer .
For any adult , no matter how old , Chang said that paying attention to your body and bowel habits are important for tracking your overall health — and that alerting your doctor to any changes is key .
“ Even if you 're younger , if you 're noticing that there 's a change in your bowel habits or your stools and that something is n't right , then see your doctor , ” he said . “ That 's the public health statement , which is , pay attention to your bowels , and seek medical care if things do n't seem right , if there 's blood in your stools or your bowel habits change suddenly . ”
‘ This gives us a real opportunity '
Dr. Nilofer Saba Azad , associate professor of oncology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore , agrees with the newly updated guidelines .
“ If you take into account the fact that people develop colon cancer or rectal cancer over many years , and that there 's a step wise progression from having no abnormalities to then having polyps and then developing cancer , this gives us a real opportunity to stop people from ever developing cancer by moving screening ages younger , ” said Azad , who was not involved with the guidelines .
“ It 's not just that you would catch the younger people with cancer but that you would actually catch the younger people with just a polyp that can be removed at the time of colonoscopy , and they never get a cancer . So it 's preventative , not just early diagnosis , ” she said , adding that she thinks the risks of screening younger outweigh the benefits .
Such risks include false-negative or false-positive results , as well as rare complications or feelings of anxiety with more invasive testing approaches , such as colonoscopy .
Yet “ there are many ways you can screen for colon cancer beyond colonoscopy , and we can find a way no matter how squeamish people are , ” Azad said .
NATCHITOCHES , La . — Kalob Ledoux had a career-best 34 points as McNeese rolled over Northwestern State 75-62 to even its Southland Conference record on Saturday afternoon .
Ledoux drained seven 3-pointers on eight attempts . Quatarrius Wilson had 13 points to go with his 15 rebounds for his eighth double double of the season and Jarren Greenwood added 11 points while dishing out five assists for McNeese ( 8-12 , 5-5 ) .
The Cowboys nailed 10 of 20 from long range , while Northwestern State was just 1 of 11 from deep .
McNeese , which led throughout except for a few minutes in the first half , was ahead 35-25 at the break . Northwestern State closed to 63-58 with 5:48 left . Ledoux answered with a jumper as the Cowboys finished on a 12-4 run .
TORONTO — Calvin Pickard made 31 saves and the Toronto Marlies scored four times in the first period before defeating the Laval Rocket 7-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action .
Rinat Valiev , Trevor Moore , Andreas Johnsson , Ben Smith , Nikita Soshnikov , Colin Greening and Dmytro Timashov supplied the offence for Toronto ( 34-11-1 ) , which improved to 12-0-1 in its last 13 games . Jeremy Bracco tacked on three assists for the Maple Leafs ' AHL affiliate .
Markus Eisenschmid responded in the third period for the Rocket ( 17-23-7 ) , who had their losing streak extended to four games . Charlie Lindgren stopped 27 shots for the Montreal Canadiens ' farm club .
The Marlies scored once on two power plays and Laval was scoreless on two opportunities .
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups , says Candyce Kelshall
Preventing people from using vehicles as deadly weapons is a difficult task for law enforcement officials , experts say .
Cars , trucks and vans have been used to ram people more than a dozen times around the world in recent years , often with deadly results similar to those in northern Toronto on Monday .
Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Monday night what happened does not appear to be connected to national security , but he called the incident a “ horrific attack . ”
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups , says Candyce Kelshall , an adjunct professor with the terrorism , risk and security studies program at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby , B.C .
She says there have been at least three incidents in Germany in recent years where people have driven cars into groups or buildings , but did not have any connection with Islamic State militants or other terrorist organizations .
Regardless of the motive , it 's tough to stop someone from using a vehicle to kill , Kelshall says .
READ MORE : Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE : Officer 's actions ‘ one shining moment ' after Toronto van attack
“ You ca n't stop people driving cars or walking on streets , ” she says . “ It 's a difficult to thing to police . ”
Vehicles are a popular weapon because they 're accessible , says Alex Wilner , an assistant professor with Carleton University 's Norman Paterson school of international affairs in Ottawa .
“ It 's deadly , it 's easy and it 's cheap . So , if you put the math together , it does n't take a lot to kill people , ” he says .
Cities are increasingly looking for ways to place barriers between vehicles and pedestrians , Wilner says .
In some places , garbage and fire trucks are being put in place at entrances to festivals or markets , he adds .
Similar safety measures were in effect in Toronto on Monday night , with streets closed near the Air Canada Centre where the Maple Leafs were playing an NHL playoff game .
Wilner says several vehicles used in recent attacks have been rentals and there may be some appetite for creating a registry to help prevent similar occurrences . What a registry or database would look like is unclear , he adds .
Mubin Shaikh , an expert on counterterrorism , says he thinks a no rental list would be a reactive measure that would have minimal impact .
If there are restrictions on rentals , people can still borrow or steal vehicles , he notes .
“ A criminal will try to take whatever they can , however they can , ” he says .
“ Will it deter the determined attacker ? Probably not . ”
Shaikh , who is from Toronto , said he heard about Monday 's tragedy after landing at an air force base in Germany where he was scheduled to give a briefing on attacks using vehicles .
“ Unfortunately , this is the reality in which we live nowadays , ” he said , adding that he 's become hyper-vigilant when walking down the street and is constantly looking for cement planters or pillars that he could hide behind if a vehicle jumps the curb .
“ At the end of the day , it 's impossible ( to prevent ) . We live in an open society and vehicles are in our proximity all the time . That 's normal city life . ”
Gemma Karstens-Smith , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Camila Cabello wants to go clubbing with Taylor Swift .
The 'Havana ' hitmaker has admitted she would be disappointed if her ongoing live tour supporting the 'Look What You Made Me Do ' singer on the road did n't result in them having a night on the town .
As reported by The Sun , she was asked if they 'd enjoyed a big night out , and said : `` Not yet because we are just getting started and everybody 's running around .
`` But as soon as things get more relaxed there has to be at least one summer party , otherwise it 's not what I signed up for . ''
The 21-year-old star has n't been too disappointed with the quiet nights so far though , as it 's meant she 's got to spend a lot of time unwinding with her 28-year-old friend .
She added : `` No matter what , I think we are always going to have each other 's backs and be great friends . It 's really fun .
`` I was a huge Taylor Swift fan before I even met her , so getting to go to a Taylor Swift concert is so much fun . ''
The tour had a shaky start for Camila , who was forced to cancel her opening slot for a Seattle show earlier this month after she was hospitalized due to dehydration .
She shared in a statement posted to her Twitter account : `` So yesterday after my performance at the billboards , i was feeling really sick and ended up in the hospital to get checked out .
`` They ran a lot of tests and everything is fine , but the diagnosis was basically dehydration and I also have a low grade fever - the doctors have told me I really have to get rest otherwise I wo n't get better - so unfortunately I wo n't be able to perform my set during the Reputation tour in Seattle tomorrow . I 'm so sorry to let you guys down and I promise I will make it up as soon as I can . ''
`` Here 's a working scientist , contributing alongside her colleagues , and she 's not even given the professional courtesy of having her name recorded at a scientific conference , '' Shetterly said Sunday . `` The photo , with her brown face half obscured by the people around her , is a perfect metaphor for the larger issue of history 's failure to record the work of women scientists , particularly women scientists of colour . ''
Inspired by Andersen 's post , amateur researchers began combing through historical records and unearthing the names of women who worked in the sciences during the 1970s .
Maybe , some suggested , the photo was of the oceanographer , professor and lawyer Matilene Spencer Berryman , who died in 2003 ? Or perhaps it was Suzanne Contos , who helped organize the conference in 1971 ? ( It was neither . Berryman 's age did not seem to match the photo , and Contos said it was not her . )
Then Dee Allen , the research program officer at the Marine Mammal Commission , saw the photograph on Twitter and contacted some of her mentors .
`` I figured it was probably something I could track down pretty easily , and I have an appreciation for the history of the field , '' Allen said . She contacted Don Wilson , the emeritus curator of mammals at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History .
Wilson remembered . He told Allen that the woman had worked as a museum technician , and her name was Sheila .
`` Sheila was working at the museum in the division of mammals when I first started there in September 1971 , '' Wilson said , adding that she was `` an excellent technician . ''
Allen gave the information to Andersen , who began to look for Sheila on social media .
By March 12 , she had found her . Andersen revealed that Sheila 's original surname was Minor and posted snippets of their conversation , in which the woman said she had worked in several federal agencies for 35 years and `` loved every moment of my career . ''
The discovery was cheered by Andersen 's Twitter followers , and by Shetterly , who said it was `` critically important '' to tell the stories of people like Sheila who have historically been under-represented , `` as the leaky pipeline exists in the history of science and technology as well as in its present . ''
On Sunday , Sheila said her full name is Sheila Minor Huff . She lives in Virginia and is a retired 71-year-old grandmother of five who belly-dances and volunteers at her church .
Huff said she began working as an animal technician shortly after graduating with a bachelor 's degree in biology . When she applied for her first job at the Bureau of Sport Fisheries and Wildlife , she was asked to work as a typist . `` I said , 'No , I went to school too long to be your secretary ! ' '' she recalled .
Huff said she went on to complete a master 's degree while working full time . She went to the Soviet Union to attend a conference for mammalogists . She worked with top government officials on a range of wildlife and environmental projects . By the time she retired , at 58 , she had become a GS-14 federal employee — one of the highest designations possible — at the Department of the Interior .
She said she was not too bothered about going unnamed in the 1971 snapshot .
`` It 's kind of like , no big deal , '' she said . `` When I try to do good , when I try and add back to this wonderful Earth that we have , when I try to protect it , does it matter that anybody knows my name ? ''
FILE PHOTO : Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush wave from backstage after their maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush leave the stage after their maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush prepare for the band 's maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush is photographed before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
FILE PHOTO : Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush appear on the stage during their maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
Members of the staff wait for the start of the maiden press conference for China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . Picture taken April , 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush practices a dance routine with a coach at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . Picture taken April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush wears a necklace with a miniature skateboard at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush blows a heart shape onto a glass panel in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . Picture taken April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
FILE PHOTO : A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush prepares for the band 's maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush use their phones before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush fix a necklace before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush poses for a picture before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A billboard for China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush is placed outside the venue for band 's maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush uses her phone before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush use their phones before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . Picture taken April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush uses her phone before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . Picture taken April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
FILE PHOTO : Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush prepare for the band 's maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush appear on the stage during their maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush wait for the start of a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . Picture taken April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Members of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush pose for pictures before a rehearsal at a dance studio in Beijing April 27 , 2017 . Picture taken April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
FILE PHOTO : A member of China 's all-girl 'boyband ' FFC-Acrush is prepared for the band 's maiden press conference in Beijing , China April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
BEIJING Just a little under a year ago , Min Junqian was an unknown art student in China 's eastern province of Shandong , dreaming of becoming a star and hitting the big time .
Fast-forward a year and the 23-year-old is a member of Acrush , China 's first all-girl `` boy band '' , which released its debut single last week , but already has hundreds of thousands of fans .
`` Our fathers ' generation still holds the idea that girls should dress in a feminine manner , something I was never comfortable with , '' Min told Reuters . `` I just like to dress in a unisex way . ''
Min was n't expecting to be picked when she went to the band 's audition last year .
But her boyish appearance and androgynous style were exactly what entertainment startup Zhejiang Huati Culture Communication , backed by Tencent Holdings , was looking for .
Marketed as a pop band that encourages girls to pursue their own identities and shake up female conventions , Acrush has won more than 749,000 followers on Chinese social networking site Weibo .
Acrush goes against the grain in China 's still-evolving music industry , where girl bands are marketed as sweet young things to appeal to a male audience .
`` I left home when I was young , '' said the band 's lead singer , 21-year-old Peng Xichen . `` To comfort my parents , I told them my boyish appearance would keep me safe . ''
Some fans , most of them millennials born after the mid-1990s , have called the band members their `` husbands '' . Some have sent love letters , which the band can not answer , bound by contract .
`` We are not allowed to disclose our gender preferences or have romantic relationships , '' said Lu Keran , the band 's leader .
From day one , Zhejiang Huati has created individual identities for the women .
Min is supposed to be the band 's comedian , while Peng is a `` gentle romantic '' , and the 21-year-old Lu is portrayed as an energetic dancer with a sunny disposition .
She wears long-sleeved outfits to shield from the public eye a dragon tattoo on her arm , and is reluctant to talk about it , saying only , `` I did it when I was an ignorant girl . ''
But she did admit to sometimes dressing in pink and behaving like a little girl .
The Chinese blogosphere is ablaze with questions about Acrush 's leanings . Asked if they supported feminism and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues , the band said they had no idea what the abbreviation LGBT stood for .
`` We 're just 'handsome ' girls , '' said Min .
( Reporting by Muyu Xu and Ryan Woo ; Additional reporting by Thomas Sun in BEIJING ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump .
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit , while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations .
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks :
___
Advertisement
U.S. TALKS
Kim Yong Chol is likely to convey to Pompeo that Kim Jong-un is serious about the summit and also to discuss the contents of a joint statement to be issued at its end .
Some experts say major thorny issues are still unsettled between the two countries , and that is why a senior official like Kim Yong Chol has traveled to the United States to narrow the gap .
Trump abruptly canceled the summit last Thursday before quickly reversing course and announcing the meeting could happen . His decision came amid widespread doubt in the United States that North Korea would be willing to actually scrap a nuclear program it has struggled for decades to build .
Meanwhile , South Korean President Moon Jae-in , who met Kim Jong-un last Saturday , said the North Korean leader is uncertain whether he can trust Trump 's promise to provide a security guarantee if North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons .
Given these basic concerns , Kim Yong Chol 's talks with Pompeo are likely to focus on a possible compromise between Washington 's push for a speedy nuclear disarmament and North Korea 's preference for more gradual steps matched by corresponding benefits from the U.S .
Kim Yong Chol , 72 , is the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States since 2000 . His official title is vice chairman of the ruling Workers ' Party . He previously headed North Korea 's military intelligence agency and was believed to be behind two attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and a 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures .
___
DMZ TALKS
U.S. and North Korean officials started talks on the North 's side of a Korean border village on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit . The village is inside the mine-strewn 4-kilometer ( 2.5-mile ) -wide Demilitarized Zone , a buffer created at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War .
The U.S. delegation is headed by Sung Kim , the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines who served as America 's top negotiator to now-stalled six-nation talks on North Korean nuclear disarmament , and as its ambassador to Seoul . In 2008 , he witnessed North Korea 's destruction of the cooling tower at its main nuclear complex in a show of good faith with the United States . In recent years , however , satellite photos have indicated that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at the complex .
His North Korean counterpart is Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hui , the North 's highest-ranking female diplomat . A recent statement by Choe threatening to scuttle the summit and warning Washington of a nuclear showdown led Trump to temporarily cancel the summit , citing `` open hostility '' from the North .
The two sides are believed to have exchanged their countries ' views on North Korea 's denuclearization , America 's security assurances and other issues . South Korean media said they wrapped up their talks on Wednesday after Kim Yong Chol 's departure for New York .
Choe served as an English-language interpreter during the six-party talks , while Sung Kim , a Korean American , is fluent in Korean . Analysts say that is likely to have smoothed their talks because they could understand each other even when they were speaking their own languages at the negotiating table .
___
SINGAPORE TALKS
This meeting is to plan protocol , security and other logistical issues and might also include determining when and where in Singapore the summit would be held .
The two countries originally planned to hold the summit in Singapore on June 12 . After putting the summit back on track , Trump tweeted Friday that it `` will likely remain in Singapore on the same date , June 12th , and , if necessary , will be extended beyond that date . ''
A delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un 's trusted aides , Kim Chang Son , flew to Singapore on Monday night . South Korean media reported that he began talks with Joe Hagin , the White House deputy chief of staff for operations , who is in Singapore with other U.S. officials .
No details have emerged about the talks . Possible venues for the summit include Singapore 's presidential palace , the Shangri-La hotel and the Marina Bay Sands hotel .
Kim Chang Son served as Kim Jong-un 's chief of staff after the 34-year-old leader took power in late 2011 . His current official title is a departmental director at the State Affairs Commission , which is headed by Kim Jong-un .
( Repeats story published earlier with no changes to text . )
* Buying LNG at fixed prices is a `` gamble '' -JERA
* Flat $ 8/mmBtu could be expensive in 2023 -Diamond Gas Int ' l
* Tellurian 's Souki says has seen strong response to offer
* Australia 's Woodside also considering flat price offers -CEO
By Aaron Sheldrick and Osamu Tsukimori
CHIBA , Japan , April 6 Japanese buyers of liquefied natural gas have shown cautious interest in Tellurian Inc 's bold guarantee of U.S. LNG delivered at a fixed price from 2023 , wary of locking themselves into a price that may eventually work to their disadvantage .
Tellurian Chairman Charif Souki - who pioneered the first U.S. LNG exports ex-Alaska as head of Cheniere Energy - stirred things up at the Gastech conference in Japan from the start , offering cargoes delivered to Japan at a flat $ 8 per million British thermal units ( mmBtu ) .
That goes against four decades of selling LNG and building liquefaction plants worth billions of dollars on the basis of long-term , fixed-volume contracts linked to the price of oil .
Souki 's move looked to be in keeping with LNG importers pushing for lower prices and better terms , yet even some of the most aggressive buyers seemed taken aback by the flat rate .
`` Fixed prices are a gamble , '' JERA Co 's chief fuel transactions office Hiroki Sato told Reuters in an interview at the conference when asked about Souki 's offer .
`` If you hear now that you can buy LNG for Japan at $ 8 in 2023 , everybody would probably say it 's cheap . But ... actions based on predictions rarely work out . That is how it works in the world , '' he said .
'NOT BUYING AT $ 8 '
Tokyo-based JERA Co , a partnership of Tokyo Electric Power and Chubu Electric Power , is the world 's biggest buyer of the fuel . Last month it joined with Korea Gas Corp and China National Offshore Oil Corp to form a club to force producers to drop so-called destination clauses .
Despite Sato 's wariness , Souki `` is a genius ( for ) throwing a stone in the pond and creating a ripple . I do n't know how I evaluate that or if it is good or bad , '' he said .
During supply shortfalls - such as when the Fukushima nuclear crisis of 2011 led to the shutdown of Japan 's reactors and imports of LNG and coal spiked to records to replace lost power generation - prices can run up rapidly .
Spot LNG prices in Asia LNG-AS were at more than $ 20/mmBtu in February 2014 , for instance , but with the more recent surplus they are now trading at less than $ 6/mmBtu .
Buyers might decide that $ 8/mmBtu looked cheap if oil prices were at $ 80 or $ 100 , said Ryosuke Tsugaru , chief executive of Diamond Gas International , a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corp , said on the sidelines of the conference .
`` But oil by nature is volatile . And if a fixed $ 8 turned out to be expensive , I do n't know what they would do , '' Tsugaru said .
`` I am not buying at $ 8 , '' he said .
DRUM ROLL , PLEASE
Souki made his offer on Tuesday to deliver LNG to Japan at $ 8/mmBtu from 2023 under five-year contracts , including shipping . The offer covers an initial 7 million tonnes a year of LNG from Tellurian 's planned Driftwood project in Louisiana .
`` I think we will be sold out by the end of the year , '' he later said , as two Taiko drummers banged away at Tellurian 's stand in the conference hall in Chiba near Tokyo , drawing a crowd of gas executives and onlookers who snapped pictures while drinking wine and champagne .
Souki told Reuters he had received a strong response from buyers in Japan , which takes about a third of global LNG output . He declined to identify any companies that had shown interest .
Australia 's Woodside Petroleum is also considering sales of some of its LNG on a fixed-price basis , Chief Executive Officer Peter Coleman told reporters at a Gastech press briefing , although he mentioned no specific level .
`` We can get to Japan for eight bucks , so it is fine with me , '' said Elizabeth Spomer , executive vice president at Veresen Inc and head of its planned Jordan Cove LNG project , when asked about the Tellurian offer .
The Jordan Cove terminal will be built in Oregon on the Pacific Coast of U.S. so is closer to Japan . Driftwood supplies from the U.S. Gulf Coast would need to come through the expanded Panama Canal or make an even longer journey .
`` Charif is always provocative and it will be interesting to see what they do , '' Spomer said .
( Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick and Osamu Tsukimori ; Additional reporting by Mark Tay ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. - For many , losing weight is at the top of our New Years resolutions . Audrey Hind and Conor Britain from 9Round Fitness stopped by the studio to share a high energy workout to help jump start your fitness regime for the new year . For more information you can visit https : //www.9round.com/fitness/midlothian-va
ATHENS ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Despite an eleventh-hour wrangle over pensions last week , Greece 's creditors are soon likely to approve the latest payment due under its current 86 billion euro bailout programmes . But this will only buy Athens time until mid-2018 . After that , a new programme – the country 's fourth since the start of its financial crisis – will probably be required .
Alexis Tsipras needs his euro zone creditors to give him enough cash to pay about 7.5 billion euros of debt falling due by July . For that to happen , they must agree the current bailout is on track . The left-wing prime minister 's habit of dragging out negotiations rather than biting the bullet has already hurt the economy , which shrank in the final quarter of last year and probably contracted again in the first quarter of this year .
It seems Tsipras will ultimately be willing to drink the latest dose of bitter medicine , even though it includes unpopular pension cuts and income tax increases in 2019 and 2020 that will together tighten fiscal policy by 2 percent of GDP . This potion will be sweetened by a concession : if Greece continues outperforming its budget targets , as it did last year , it will be allowed to offset the new “ bad ” measures by cutting corporation tax , improving its social safety net and other “ good ” measures .
The euro zone has Athens over a barrel . Although Tsipras should be able to cobble together enough money to pay the debt due in July , did he not accept to the creditors ' deal he would have to run up arrears to local suppliers – something that would hammer the economy . Prolonging the agony would further dampen the private sector 's depressed animal spirits .
The killer consideration for Tsipras is what would happen to the banks . Deposits have been flowing out of the system again this year . That does n't just mean that credit conditions are tightening again ; if the economy enters a new downward spiral , the banks will need new capital injections . Tough euro zone bank bailout rules that came into effect last year might necessitate a haircut for depositors . Tsipras ' misguided brinkmanship led to economic chaos and the imposition of capital controls in 2015 . He would be foolish to repeat the experiment .
Next comes the question of debt relief . The International Monetary Fund , which Germany is insisting joins the bailout , wants the euro zone creditors to ease up . Chancellor Angela Merkel and IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde need to agree a form of words on debt relief that keeps the Fund on board but does n't lead German voters , who are hostile to the idea of cutting Greece more slack , to cry foul in the run-up to Merkel 's re-election bid in September .
This new phraseology , which will probably be thrashed out in May , should also be enough to persuade the European Central Bank to include Greek government bonds in its quantitative easing programme . That would boost confidence . Greece will probably have to wait until next year to get into the nitty gritty of debt relief , but Tsipras ' weak negotiating position means he ca n't do much about that .
The current bailout ends in mid-2018 . Might Greece then be able to finance itself in the markets ? It seems unlikely – or at least , not without help . In other words , expect the third bailout to be followed by a fourth .
At the minimum , Greece will need a precautionary credit line from the euro zone . It may also need a small amount of actual hard cash , though nothing as big as the current 86 billion euro programmes . In the next bailout , financial aid is likely to come mainly in the form of debt relief , not new loans . The priority will be to shift out to the future a hump of interest payments that kicks in from 2022 .
Germany and the other creditors are most unlikely to do all this for Athens without strings attached . They have learnt the old principle that , if you want to motivate an unwilling donkey , you should tie a carrot on the end of a stick rather than let it chomp the carrot in one go . So debt relief would probably come in chunks as Athens hits further fiscal milestones . It would n't be surprising if further structural reforms were thrown into the mix , especially if the IMF is involved .
All this may be just too much to swallow for Tsipras , whose popularity is sliding after so many broken promises . If so , Greece may head back to the polls in 2018 , with the centre-right New Democracy Party the favourite to win . One thing though is unlikely to change : Greece will stay in the debtors ' prison for many more years .
LONDON , Ont . — Canadian lender VersaBank is moving towards launching a blockchain-based virtual vault to store digital properties such as cryptocurrency .
The London , Ont.-based chartered bank says its subsidiary VersaVault has signed two memorandums of understanding with a cryptocurrency exchange and a cryptocurrency-based fund .
VersaBank did not disclose the names of the exchange or the fund .
The branchless bank says these agreements will facilitate feedback from two institutional holders of cryptocurrency assets to help guide the lender 's development of VersaVault , which it intends to launch globally .
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
March 29 Synovus Financial Corp will buy the financial unit of outdoor goods retailer Cabela 's Inc , a source familiar with the matter told Reuters .
Synovus will keep the deposits held by the unit and resell its credit-card portfolio to Capital One Financial Corp , the source said .
The unit , called World 's Foremost Bank , was supposed to be bought by Capital One last year , but the deal was n't able to get timely regulatory approval . ( Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
Humboldt Broncos name former NHLer coach after bus crash
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Kayle Neis , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Former NHL hockey player Nathan Oystrick speaks at a press conference in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Oystrick was named the new head coach of the Humboldt Broncos junior hockey team . Oystrick says he 's looking forward to leading the team , while never forgetting the tragic circumstances that brought him to the role . The Broncos ' team bus collided with a semi-truck at a rural Saskatchewan intersection in April , killing 16 people and injuring 13 . Head coach Darcy Haugan died in the crash . ( Kayle Neis/The Canadian Press via AP ) less Former NHL hockey player Nathan Oystrick speaks at a press conference in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Oystrick was named the new head coach of the Humboldt Broncos junior hockey team . Oystrick ... more Photo : Kayle Neis , AP Image 2 of 4 Former NHL hockey player Nathan Oystrick speaks at a press conference in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Oystrick was named the new head coach of the Humboldt Broncos junior hockey team . Oystrick says he 's looking forward to leading the team , while never forgetting the tragic circumstances that brought him to the role . The Broncos ' team bus collided with a semi-truck at a rural Saskatchewan intersection in April , killing 16 people and injuring 13 . Head coach Darcy Haugan died in the crash . ( Kayle Neis/The Canadian Press via AP ) less Former NHL hockey player Nathan Oystrick speaks at a press conference in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Oystrick was named the new head coach of the Humboldt Broncos junior hockey team . Oystrick ... more Photo : Kayle Neis , AP Image 3 of 4 Humboldt Broncos President Kevin Garinger , left , and Broncos new coach and General Manger Nathan Oystrick are shown during a media event in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Oystrick says he 's looking forward to leading the team , while never forgetting the tragic circumstances that brought him to the role . The Broncos ' team bus collided with a semi-truck at a rural Saskatchewan intersection in April , killing 16 people and injuring 13 . Head coach Darcy Haugan died in the crash . ( Kayle Neis/The Canadian Press via AP ) less Humboldt Broncos President Kevin Garinger , left , and Broncos new coach and General Manger Nathan Oystrick are shown during a media event in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Oystrick says he 's ... more Photo : Kayle Neis , AP Image 4 of 4 Humboldt Broncos name former NHLer coach after bus crash 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
HUMBOLDT , Saskatchewan ( AP ) — The new coach and general manager of the Humboldt Broncos junior hockey team says he 's excited to get started but will never forget the tragic circumstances that brought him to the role .
The team announced Tuesday that former NHL defenseman Nathan Oystrick will fill the vacancy left by Darcy Haugan , who was among 16 killed when the team 's bus and a semi-truck collided at a rural intersection in April . Thirteen others were injured in the crash .
`` I did not know Darcy Haugan . But like so many people in this world today , I wish I had , '' Oystrick said at a news conference . `` I believe in his commitment to not just developing skilled hockey players , but developing great human beings and I hope that I can make him proud while doing this job . ''
He said Haugan 's inspirational message painted on the wall outside the dressing room would remain . Among other things , Haugan 's `` core covenant '' said Broncos players must put family first , treat others with respect , and play and practice with passion .
Oystrick , 35 , who is from Saskatchewan , played professional hockey for 10 seasons with the Atlanta Thrashers , Anaheim Ducks and St. Louis Blues . He also played 338 games in the American Hockey League .
He was most recently head coach of Colorado Academy high school .
Broncos president Kevin Garinger said there were more than 50 applicants for the job .
`` What I appreciate about Nathan in general is that he is committed to people first , '' Garinger said . `` And through the commitment to people , comes a commitment then to an organization , a community and ultimately a hockey team . ''
Oystrick said he has not met any of the survivors of the crash .
He said when he heard he got the job , he felt a mixture of nerves and excitement .
`` I want to make the Humboldt Broncos organization and the community proud of not only me , but of our team . ''
Oystrick , who has been an assistant coach in the ECHL minor hockey league in the U.S. , said he has an upbeat and open leadership style .
`` On the ice , I want to play a fast-paced , in-your-face game ... My goal here is to win championships , but also to build strong-character people , '' he said .
`` Off the ice , I want to build relationships with the people of Humboldt in the community and help wherever and whenever I can . ''
He said that for him , hockey is about making connections .
`` If I 've learned anything in my playing career , it 's that the biggest thing that hockey does for anyone is build relationships , whether it 's in your community , your teammates , your coaches — it does n't matter . ''
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Records : Police guarded Vegas showroom after Oct. 1 attack
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : John Locher , AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 FILE- In this Oct. 3 , 2017 , file photo , FBI agents walk on the roof of boxes inside the concert grounds where a mass shooting occurred in Las Vegas . Police are set to release more information from the investigation into the deadliest mass shooting in the nation 's modern history . The documents are the ninth batch released under court order in a media lawsuit . less FILE- In this Oct. 3 , 2017 , file photo , FBI agents walk on the roof of boxes inside the concert grounds where a mass shooting occurred in Las Vegas . Police are set to release more information from the ... more Photo : John Locher , AP Image 2 of 7 Files - In this Oct. 6 , 2017 , file photo , an FBI investigator works among thousands of personal items at a festival grounds across the street from the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas . Police are set to release more information from the investigation into the deadliest mass shooting in the nation 's modern history . The documents are the ninth batch released under court order in a media lawsuit . less FILE - In this Oct. 6 , 2017 , file photo , an FBI investigator works among thousands of personal items at a festival grounds across the street from the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas . Police are set ... more Photo : John Locher , AP Image 3 of 7 Files - In this Oct. 3 , 2017 , file photo , the Mandalay Bay resort and casino , right , overlooks an outdoor festival grounds across the street , left , in Las Vegas . Police are set to release more information from the investigation into the deadliest mass shooting in the nation 's modern history . The documents are the ninth batch released under court order in a media lawsuit . less FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2017 , file photo , the Mandalay Bay resort and casino , right , overlooks an outdoor festival grounds across the street , left , in Las Vegas . Police are set to release more information from ... more Photo : John Locher , AP Image 4 of 7 Files - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . A veteran police officer 's self-described freeze in a Las Vegas hotel hallway while a gunman fired on an outdoor concert crowd is prompting a review of whether lives could have been saved if officers had acted faster to stop the mass shooting . less FILE - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . A veteran police officer 's self-described freeze ... more Photo : John Locher , AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 Files - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police officers advise people to take cover near the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . A veteran police officer 's self-described freeze in a Las Vegas hotel hallway while a gunman fired on an outdoor concert crowd is prompting a review of whether lives could have been saved if officers had acted faster to stop the mass shooting . less FILE - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police officers advise people to take cover near the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . A veteran police ... more Photo : John Locher , AP Image 7 of 7 Records : Police guarded Vegas showroom after Oct. 1 attack 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — A Las Vegas police officer ducked gunfire and then teamed up with other authorities to rush a high-rise hotel where a gunman was spraying bullets onto a concert below , according to video released Tuesday from the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
`` Get down ! Go that way ! '' officers tell music fans running for cover after gunfire began raining down Oct 1 .
Twenty minutes later , a police radio voice reports that people are running across runways at nearby McCarran International Airport .
The video from officer-worn body cameras marked the latest release of footage , police reports and witness statements ordered by a judge in a public records lawsuit by media , including The Associated Press .
Las Vegas police and the FBI have refused to comment on what have now been nine weekly releases of police documents detailing wrenching accounts of pain , perseverance and luck in the attack that killed 58 people and injured hundreds more .
Two of the three newly released body-camera videos showed officers directing patrons out of the Mandalay Bay casino . Then , the officer who took cover joined a team enters a darkened theater to guard the audience at an 1,800-seat Cirque du Soleil show .
`` We 're going to cover these 1,000 people , '' his sergeant team leader says .
Some of the many snippets of radio dispatch calls released Tuesday amounted to simply , `` OK , copy , '' and , `` You said door 57 , right ? ''
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo , the elected head of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department , has said authorities believe gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and that the attack had no link to international terrorism . He has said he expects to release a report from the ongoing investigation by the end of July .
Lombardo has said investigators might never know why Paddock , a 64-year-old high-stakes video-poker player , meticulously stockpiled guns for the attack on a concert crowd of 22,000 people .
City parks staff hope to add 21 parking spaces in the Dundas Driving Park by modifying existing spaces and adding a few more along the east side of the park 's “ driveway . ”
By painting new angled parking lines , and adding spaces on the roadway in front of the open cove area , parks and cemeteries manager Kara Bunn confirmed staff anticipate increasing total parking from the existing 75 spaces to a total of 96 spaces .
“ The request for tenders has gone out . If temperatures hold , we can perform the work this fall . if it gets too cold , the paint can not be applied as it may fail , ” Bunn said .
She said the project will include freshening faded paint on the driving path , including on speed bumps .
LONDON ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - BP has almost recovered from its near-death experience in the Gulf of Mexico . The oil giant 's earnings almost tripled in the first quarter , helped by favourable oil prices and higher output . Even its hefty debt pile looks manageable provided it keeps production flowing . After seven years of pain , deliverance may be within reach .
Following a poor end to 2016 it was important for BP to deliver in the first quarter . Underlying replacement cost profit – the company 's preferred definition of net income , which excludes the bill for Deepwater Horizon – jumped to $ 1.5 billion , from $ 532 million a year earlier . Losses associated with the disaster shrunk to $ 161 million before tax : in the same period last year they were almost six times as large .
The company led by Bob Dudley is doing a better job of managing factors it can control , like output . That is positioning it to take advantage of things beyond its reach , such as rising crude prices . Group oil and gas output – the main engine for cash generation – was up 5 percent to almost 3.5 million barrels per day , year on year . That rate of output growth , which takes into account BP 's stake in Russia 's Rosneft , is ahead of aggressive European rival Total , which increased production by 4 percent in the first quarter .
Provided it can keep the crude gushing , BP can generate enough operating cash to pay compensation for the April 2010 disaster and keep its sizable pile of debt under control . Fines and compensation payments sucked $ 2.3 billion out of BP 's operating cashflow in the quarter – more than double the amount in the same period of last year . As a result , net debt climbed to $ 38.6 billion at the end of March , from $ 35.5 billion in December , pushing BP closer to busting its target leverage ceiling of 30 percent of equity .
Those payments will moderate from 2018 , however , helping to take the pressure off BP 's balance sheet and freeing up more cash for new projects - and increased dividends . Shareholders who have endured years of uncertainty since the oil spill will be counting on BP to keep on pumping .
French President Francois Hollande gestures as he speaks during a joint news conference with Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak in Putrajaya , Malaysia March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
French President Francois Hollande ( C ) , walks with Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak ( L ) and King Muhammad V after a welcome ceremony at the Parliament House in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said on Tuesday that he discussed the possible purchase of Dassault Aviation SA 's ( AVMD.PA ) Rafale fighter jets with French President Francois Hollande but remained undecided .
`` We 're not ready yet to make a decision , but we take note of its success in other countries ... , '' Najib said at a joint news conference with Hollande in Kuala Lumpur .
Rafale is seen as a frontrunner as Malaysia looks to buy up to 18 jets in a deal potentially worth more than $ 2 billion , sources have said .
Malaysia 's plan is to replace the Royal Malaysian Air Force 's ( RMAF ) squadron of Russian MiG-29 combat planes , nearly half of which are grounded .
Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein was reported in the media as saying the race for new fighter jets has narrowed to the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon , built by BAE Systems ( BAES.L ) .
`` I know you will be making a decision , and against that background , we want to provide the necessary support , '' Hollande said in his speech after comments from Najib .
`` Our ministers are already working to that effect . All I would like to say is that the Rafale jet is the best in its category , and then we propose to discuss the prices , and the specifications . I trust you will make the decision when the time comes , '' he added .
Hollande held bilateral talks with Najib during his visit to Malaysia , which is part of a three-nation tour of Southeast Asia . Hollande was in Singapore earlier this week and is headed to Indonesia later on Tuesday .
( Reporting by Rozanna Latiff ; writing by Praveen Menon ; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and Michael Perry )
Fitch : Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos .
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) Link to Fitch Ratings ' Report : U.S. Captive Finance Companies : 2016 Review ( Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens ) https : //www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK , June 14 ( Fitch ) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses , declining residual values and higher funding costs , according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings . In a
TORONTO — A surge in pedestrian deaths has Toronto 's mayor doubling down on a commitment to road safety amid criticism that he is n't doing enough .
New measures announced by John Tory on Monday include installing signs near a dozen schools to remind drivers to slow down , and extending curbs with paint to reduce crossing distances .
The measures would be part of the city 's five-year `` Vision Zero '' plan that began last year . Council approved accelerating the plan earlier this year as part of the 2018 budget .
As of Monday , 11 pedestrians have been killed in the city compared to seven at the same time last year . In a high-profile case late last month , an 11-year-old boy was hit while walking home from school in the city 's east end , prompting calls to action from advocates and community members .
`` We can not have this carnage continue , '' Tory told reporters the following day . `` When you have deaths taking place like this , that 's a crisis . ''
Pedestrian fatalities are a problem in cities across the country but Toronto leads the pack partly because it has more walkers , Gil Penalosa , urban planning consultant , said .
Halifax had its first pedestrian death in more than two years in late January when a 62-year-old man was hit by an alleged drunk driver . In Montreal , three pedestrians have died this year — about half the fatality rate in Toronto .
`` In Montreal , they have been paying more attention , '' said Penalosa , who runs 8 80 Cities , an urban-planning-focused non-profit organization .
Penalosa said Montreal 's recently elected mayor Valerie Plante has made pedestrians a priority whereas Tory 's goal seems to be moving cars . Tory , he said , should invest more in road safety and do things such as drop the speed limit in residential areas from 40 kilometres an hour to 30 , and make streets narrower to slow traffic .
Toronto police Const . Clinton Stibbe said all road users — drivers , cyclists and pedestrians — shoulder responsibility for keeping roads safe . Improved infrastructure will take years to make a significant difference , so everyone must stay within the rules , he said .
The Surrey Eagles will retire Jaxon Joseph 's No . 10 jersey at the beginning of next season , the team announced . ( Surrey Eagles photo )
A few days after Jaxon Joseph 's death – one of 16 in the Humboldt Broncos ' bus crash April 6 – Blaine Neufeld , former coach with the Surrey Eagles , said what he wanted , more than anything , was for the 20-year-old hockey player to be remembered .
Now , the Eagles have found a way to do just that – by retiring Joseph 's No . 10 jersey .
Team president Chuck Westgard confirmed to Black Press this week that the number will go up into the rafters , but said official plans to honour Joseph – who played for the Eagles during the 2015/16 season – were still being worked out .
After his time in South Surrey , Joseph moved on to the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League , first with the Melfort Mustangs and then with Humboldt . The Broncos were on their way to a playoff game in Nipawin when their team bus collided with a semi truck .
Westgard hopes the gesture will serve as a way not only to honour Joseph , but his Humboldt teammates , as well .
“ It 's a tragedy that hit everyone hard , especially those of us in the hockey community , ” Westgard said Tuesday . “ Number one , this is a way to honour Jaxon , but number two , it 's a way to acknowledge what happened and make sure people do n't ever forget .
“ We need to remember those kids , and those people . ”
Speaking with Black Press a few days after the bus crash , Neufeld said the tragedy hit home with everyone involved in the sport , calling it “ heartbreaking , horrific – it 's about as bad as it gets . ”
Though Joseph only played part of one season in Surrey , he was one of the team 's most well-respected players , Neufeld said .
“ Beyond the game of hockey , he was a young man who was built to succeed in life , and it 's just a shame he is n't going to get that chance , ” he said at the time .
Joseph 's number will be the second retired by the club . Former forward Jeff Nabseth 's No . 8 jersey was retired after he was killed in a bike accident on Vancouver Island in 1999 .
Caige Sterzer wore No . 10 last season with the Eagles , and while the team brass has n't spoke with him yet about making a switch , Westgard said “ he wo n't have any problem with it . ”
March 29 Eco Oro Minerals Corp
* Eco Oro issues letter to shareholders and files management information circular
* On ongoing basis , board explored options to `` maximize value for shareholders '' , including sale or merger of Co , sale of assets
* Concluded that `` best path to value for shareholders '' was to pursue our rights with respect to Angostura Project Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Khloe Kardashian has admitted her `` life changed '' when she met her boyfriend Tristan Thompson .
The 33-year-old reality star is believed to be expecting her first child with the basketball player , and has taken to Instagram to share her love for her beau with a heartfelt tribute .
Posting a professional snap from her birthday party earlier this year , Khloe wrote in a short caption : `` The day I met you , my life changed . Thank you my love ! ''
It is n't the first time the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' star has gushed over the 26-year-old Cleveland Cavaliers player to her fans either , as whilst she was revealing her top tips for helping people work out if their partner is `` the one '' , she admitted Tristan makes her feel `` like a Queen '' .
She wrote on her app recently : `` You 1000 percent need to be on the same page about the basics , like commitment , trust and where your moral compass is set . Repeat : 1000 percent !
`` They make you feel like a queen even when you 're a train wreck ( i.e. , going bats * * t with PMS ) . They do n't need to constantly blow smoke up your a * * with compliments but they should provide an overall feeling of security and adoration .
`` Connection is key , so your girl or guy should be game for anything that sparks your joy - even if that means sacrificing Monday Night Football for yoga with your sisters . Laughter and passion are the fuel for lifelong monogamy , so the importance of fun , collaborative activities should never be forgotten . ( sic ) ''
The blonde beauty also dubbed Tristan as `` incredible '' after he planned her a surprise party for her birthday in June .
Khloe said : `` I 've never had a surprise party ever .
`` We were at dinner and Tristan was so calm . He was as cool as a cucumber . He 's good at surprise parties because I had no clue ...
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 13 Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd
* Yingli green energy reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 results
* Q4 revenue rmb 2.041 billion versus rmb 2.11 billion
* Yingli green energy holding co ltd - total pv module shipments in q4 of 2016 increased by 74 % to 635.1mw , compared to q3 of 2016
* Yingli green energy says geographically , china and japan continued to see strong demands in quarter and remained as two largest markets for the co
* Expect pv module shipments in q1 of 2017 would be in range of 380mw to 400mw
* Yingli green energy holding co ltd says pv module shipments to china in q4 more than doubled compared to previous quarter
* Pv module shipments for full year of 2017 would be in range of 2.1gw to 2.2gw
* Yingli green energy holding co ltd - `` looking forward into 2017 , we anticipate that china and japan will continue to be two important markets for company ''
* Yingli green energy holding co ltd says pv module shipments to japan in q4 increased by 11 % compared to q3
* Yingli green energy holding co ltd -qtrly net loss was rmb1,854.7 million and loss per american depositary share was rmb102.0
* Yingli green energy holding co ltd - in europe , co is in process of restructuring in order to save operation cost , focus on module sales business
* Yingli green energy holding co ltd - on an adjusted non-gaap basis , adjusted net loss was rmb524.1 million in quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 28 OVB Holding AG :
* Dividend increase by 15.4 per cent to 75 eurocent
* FY operating result rose significantly by 17.7 percent to 16.5 million euros ( $ 17.92 million )
* FY total sales commissions increased by 3.1 percent to 231.8 million euros
* For the 2017 financial year , the management board expects a slight increase in the group 's sales
* OVB 's 2017 operating profit should be at the previous year 's level owing to an increased investment effort to further strengthen OVB 's future viability Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9206 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
PARIS - Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination .
The French company , one of the largest dairy groups in the world , said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1 .
According to a list published on the French health ministry 's website , the recall affects customers in countries around the world , including : Britain and Greece in Europe , Morocco and Sudan in Africa , Peru and Colombia in South America and Pakistan , Bangladesh and China in Asia . The United States , a major market for Lactalis , is not affected .
Company spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the `` precautionary '' recall affects `` several million '' products made since mid-February .
Lactalis said in a statement that the 26 cases of infection were linked to products branded Picot SL , Pepti Junior 1 , Milumel Bio 1 and Picot Riz .
It said it is `` sincerely sorry for the concern generated by the situation and expresses its compassion and support to the families whose children fell ill . ''
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps , diarrhea and fever . Most people recover without treatment .
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site in May . Disinfection and cleaning measures have been put in place at the suspected site in western France .
The health scare started earlier this month when Lactalis was told that 20 infants under six months of age had been diagnosed with salmonella infection . The company ordered a first recall that has been extended to more products at the request of French authorities following new cases of infections .
Lactalis is a privately held company headquartered in Laval , western France . It has 75,000 employees in 85 countries and annual revenues of about 17 billion euros ( $ 20 billion ) . Its other notable brands include President and Galbani cheeses and Parmalat milk .
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice ( GMP ) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration , for pills ( condensed pills ) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11 , 2022
LONDON , April 5 The cost of hedging against volatility in the Czech crown against the euro over the next 24 hours jumped to its highest in over nine months on Wednesday , on speculation the country 's central bank would imminenently remove the cap on its currency .
The Czech National Bank 's 3-1/2-year-old commitment to keep the crown weak , which has kept the euro trading above 27 Czech crowns , ended on Friday and some investors are betting the CNB 's meeting on Thursday will be used to scrap the cap .
Euro/Czech crown overnight implied volatility , derived from an option that covers the next 24 hours , hit 6.325 percent according to Reuters data , its highest since Britain 's shock vote to leave the European Union last June .
One-month implied volatilty has also jumped this week , reaching 5.975 percent for the third day running on Wednesday , its highest since the aftermath of the Swiss National Bank 's decision to remove its currency cap in January 2015 . ( Reporting by Jemima Kelly , editing by Nigel Stephenson )
ANKARA Iran holds a presidential election in May , in which pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani is seeking re-election against hardline rivals who have been gearing up for a political showdown .
Within Iran 's complex mix of clerical rulers and elected officials , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has the final say on all state matters , including Tehran 's foreign policy .
The Guardian Council , charged with vetting all candidates , disqualified hardline former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from running for the May 19 election .
Following are the main contenders out of six qualified candidates to run for the upcoming election :
PRESIDENT HASSAN ROUHANI
A mid-ranking Shi'ite Muslim cleric , Rouhani won a landslide victory in 2013 by promising to end Iran 's international isolation and create a freer society for Iranians .
Rouhani , 68 , championed a nuclear deal with six major powers in 2015 that ended a more than decade-old standoff with the West . Under the deal , most sanctions imposed on Iran were lifted in 2016 , in return for Tehran curbing its nuclear programme .
Iranian reformists , led by former President Mohammad Khatami , have endorsed Rouhani , whose hardline rivals say he has failed to revive the economy despite sanctions being lifted .
Rouhani , also a lawyer , is the seventh president of Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
EBRAHIM RAISI
A close ally of Khamenei , Raisi is seen as the main hardline candidate challenging Rouhani in the election . The influential but mid-ranking cleric in the Shi'ite Muslim hierarchy , has been a senior official for decades in the judiciary , which enforces clerical control of the country .
Raisi , a law professor , has criticised Rouhani 's economic record , portraying himself as a champion of the poor . He has promised a revival of the values of the Islamic Revolution .
Hardliners have so far supported Raisi , appointed by Khamenei in 2016 as the custodian of Astan Qods Razavi , an organisation in charge of a multi-billion-dollar religious foundation that manages donations to Iran 's holiest shrine in the northern city of Mashhad .
Raisi was one of four sharia ( Islamic law ) judges who oversaw executions of thousands of political prisoners in 1988 .
Some Iranian politicians believe Raisi is being groomed to succeed Khamenei and the presidency is just a first step . Khamenei served as a president for two terms before taking power in 1989 .
MOHAMMAD BAQER QALIBAF
A former police chief , Qalibaf has been the mayor of Tehran since 2005 and is viewed as a pragmatic conservative . The former member of Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards ( IRGC ) , Qalibaf has been a staunch critic of Rouhani 's economic policy . He has promised to more than double Iran 's income and tackle unemployment by creating five million jobs .
Qalibaf , born in 1961 , lost to Ahmadinejad in 2005 and Rouhani in 2013 presidential elections .
His popularity was damaged by a corruption investigation in 2016 and the collapse of a tower in Tehran , which killed 20 firefighters .
ESHAQ JAHANGIRI
Iran 's first vice president , Jahangiri is a moderate who served as the minister of mines and industries from 1997 to 2005 . Jahangiri , 60 , said he threw his hat into the ring to `` stand by Rouhani and complement him '' .
Jahangiri registered to run for the election amid concern among Rouhani 's allies that the president might be disqualified by the Guardian Council . He is expected to drop out of the election to avoid a split of the moderate camp 's votes .
( Writing by Parisa Hafezi ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harsh weather conditions like heavy snow or ice can be difficult and dangerous for motorists to drive in .
Today , the RAC is expecting to attend up to 11,000 breakdowns across the country , totalling around seven per minute .
To ensure motorists stay safe on the roads we 've complied guidance and advice from the RAC , as well as a list of dos and don'ts from breakdown providers Green Flag .
The tips include information on how to drive safely in heavy snow conditions , as well as how to navigate on icy roads and de-ice your car properly .
Read these tips from the RAC on how to drive safely in snow and icy weather conditions :
Wear comfortable and dry footwear
Accelerate gently , use low revs and change up to a higher gear as quickly as possible
Move off in second gear as this will help reduce wheel slip - some cars have a winter mode , which does the same job – so to check whether your car has this function in the vehicle 's handbook
Get your speed right and maintain safe stopping distances between you and the car in front , leaving as much as 10 times the normal recommended gap
Prepare for an uphill start by leaving plenty of room in front so you can maintain a constant speed without the need for changing gear
Use a low gear for going downhill and try to avoid braking unless necessary , make sure you leave plenty of space between you and the car in front
When approaching a bend , brake before you actually start to turn the steering wheel . If your car does lose grip try not to panic ; the key thing is to take your foot off the accelerator and make sure that your wheels are pointing in the direction you want to go in
If you do encounter a skid , steer gently into it - for example , if the rear of the car is sliding to the right , steer to the right . Do not take your hands off the steering wheel or stamp your foot on the brakes
When driving in heavy snow , make sure that you use your dipped headlights . Relying on daytime running lights is not enough , because they do n't always put lights on the back of your car
If visibility drops below a 100m , put your fog lights on . But remember to turn them off when the visibility improves
Controls such as the brakes , as well as the steering , accelerator and even gear changing should be operated smoothly and slowly
If the road has not been gritted , be wary of driving in the wheeltracks or other vehicles as compressed snow is likely to be more icy than fresh snow
Sunglasses can help to reduce the glare of low winter sun on the snow
It 's important to think about the environment that you 're driving in , especially micro-climates that might appear on the road . These are areas that perhaps the sun has n't got to , which could stay icy when the rest of the road has thawed . Bridges are a good example . They 're normally the first to freeze and the last to thaw . So be aware of that when you 're driving in open spaces .
Make sure you keep your car clean . The salt used to de-ice roads can cause corrosion to your car over time , so it 's worth making a point of cleaning it regularly throughout the winter months .
Read these dos and don'ts from Green Flag on what you should and should n't do when driving in the snow :
Dos
Make sure you 've got an ice scraper and a good de-icer spray - At this time of year , cars can ice over in the evening as well as the morning . Having a proper ice scraper and de-icer spray has multiple benefits . For a start clearing ice wo n't ruin your bank card/CD case/partner 's birthday card . It will also make the job more comfortable . That in turn makes it more likely you 'll clear your windows thoroughly which will make driving safer . Ensure your tyres are up to the job - During the colder months we would ideally all fit winter tyres to our cars . However , most of us do n't want the extra expense of tyres that are designed purely for very cold weather . Therefore , it 's vital that the tyres we do use are in tip-top shape . Check the pressures are what 's recommended by your car 's user manual . Also inspect the tread depth . The legal minimum is 1.6mm . However , tyre companies and safety experts recommend tyres are changed at 3mm . This is because tests prove that stopping distances are significantly reduced as tread wears down . Check your fluids - Everyone knows that water freezes when temperatures dip . That 's why cars have anti freeze mixed in with their coolant . It 's also why windscreen washer fluid has an anti-freeze component . Top up your windscreen washer bottle so there 's enough to keep your screen clean . And make sure you have mixed in sufficient screen wash to ensure the water does not freeze . If you have n't had your car serviced recently , now 's the time to book it in . Alternatively , pop into your garage and ask them to check the concentration of antifreeze in your car 's system . Give yourself plenty of time to stop - A cold , damp road surface means your car will need longer to stop . Regular tyres do n't have as much grip at very low temperatures . Take this into account and allow more space between you and the car in front . Be prepared - It 's a good idea to have a cold weather kit in your car . This should contain a reflective jacket , a folding shovel if snow is forecast , a tow rope , a torch , and even a blanket and some water if it 's very cold and you 're concerned your journey may be disrupted . And be ready not to travel at all if the weather forecast is really bad .
Don'ts
Butte couple accused of handcuffing adopted son in tub
BUTTE , Mont . ( AP ) — A Butte couple is accused of handcuffing their adopted 12-year-old son naked to a milk crate in a bathtub and taping his mouth shut as punishment for taking food .
The Montana Standard reports the 47-year-old man and 45-year-old woman were arrested Monday . They have been charged with criminal endangerment and assault on a minor .
The newspaper did not identify them to protect the child 's identity .
Child and Family Services officials have placed the boy in a group home after authorities were called to Walmart on Friday . Officials said the boy told workers at the store that he had been left there by his parents .
Butte-Silver Bow County Sheriff Ed Lester says the couple admitted to restraining the boy and said it was punishment for taking food they had forbidden him to eat .
___
Information from : The Montana Standard , http : //www.mtstandard.com
( Corrects location of Accor-Pannonia Hotels to Hungary from Bulgaria . )
April 12 Orbis SA :
* Its unit , Hungary-based Accor-Pannonia Hotels Zrt. , signs a letter of intent ( LoI ) concerning sale of `` Sofitel Budapest Chain Bridge '' hotel for 76 million euros ( $ 80.69 million ) to an external investor
* Under the terms of letter of intent the buyer to conduct due diligence of the hotel Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9419 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
( Recasts with announced April visit )
CAIRO , March 29 Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has accepted an invitation from Saudi Arabia 's King Salman to visit his country in April , Saudi state news agency SPA quoted its foreign minister as saying on Wednesday .
The move is a show of good relations after months of tension between the Arab world 's most populous state and its richest .
SPA quoted Saudi foreign minister Adel al-Jubeir as saying the Egyptian president had accepted the invitation and would visit in April .
Sisi and King Salman met at an Arab summit in Jordan and discussed improving relations , the statement said . The two countries have disagreed over Syria and the transfer of two Red Sea islands from Egypt to Saudi Arabia .
The two countries have been at odds on a number of issues .
Egypt voted in favour of a Russian-backed but Saudi-opposed U.N. resolution on Syria in October .
In January an Egyptian court rejected a government plan to transfer two uninhabited Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia .
The kingdom agreed in April last year to provide Egypt with 700,000 tonnes of refined oil products a month for five years , but the cargoes stopped arriving in early October .
Shipments resumed this month , however , and Egypt 's Petroleum Ministry said they had only been stopped for commercial reasons . ( Reporting by Ali Abdelaty and Noah Browning ; Writing by Ahmed Aboulenein ; Editing by Andrew Roche )
March 28 ( Reuters ) -
* Moody 's : China 's economy faces heightened risks from a potential future property downturn
* Moody 's on China 's economy - scope of Chinese authorities for mitigating such an impact through fiscal and monetary policy has become more limited
* Moody 's on China 's economy - broad monetary policy support may be less available than in the past
* Moody 's on China 's economy- household affordability has slightly strengthened , underpinned by the strong growth in household income
Source text for Eikon :
BRUSSELS Centrist Emmanuel Macron should enter the May 7 runoff for the French presidency after topping Sunday 's first round of voting but the identity of his challenger is too close to call , Belgian newspaper La Libre Belgique said on its website , citing an unidentified pollster 's forecast based on early results .
Schools no longer required to report student , worker threats
DOVER , Del . ( AP ) — Schools are no longer required to report threats to kill or seriously injure public school students or employees to Delaware 's Department of Education .
A notice of the administrative change was published this week — more than six years after lawmakers eliminated both terroristic threatening and offensive touching of school employees from mandatory reporting to police .
Asked about the time lag , spokeswoman Alison May said the change is occurring now because the department noted the inconsistency with state law during its regular review of regulations .
The move comes after Delaware lawmakers debated several gun control proposals this year in the wake of a Florida school shooting that left 17 people dead .
May says the department remains concerned about student safety as well as the need to comply with state law .
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK , June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $ 4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday , mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September .
HKMA chief expects city 's banks to raise rates after Fed rate hike
HONG KONG , June 15 Hong Kong 's central bank chief said on Thursday he expects banks in the city to raise interest rates gradually and there could be an increase in capital outflows from the financial hub due to arbitrage plays with the local currency .
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split , a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces , many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share .
Earlier today , Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it , too , would have costs , but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions .
After a meeting with his Atlantic counterparts in Halifax , Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached , and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels .
Ottawa 's initial estimates suggested the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could eventually reach $ 1 billion per year .
`` If there is a markup that a respective province wants to do it would be outside of that taxation model , so that was the flexibility that we as a province were looking for and I would say indeed it was what we were hearing across the country , '' McNeil said .
`` The two-year window will give each of us the time to go back to the table and say this is actually what policing is costing and this is what the education component is . ''
The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has said it wants a third of the revenues earmarked to help municipal governments handle administrative and policing costs , but how that share of the pot is divvied up will be up to the municipalities and their provincial or territorial counterparts .
The federal government has already committed more than $ 1 billion over five years toward pot legalization in areas like policing and border security .
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns , Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said each province will do it their own way .
`` Of course , the provinces will work with their municipalities , but it 's for us to decide what that percentage will be , '' he said . `` And every province is different , every city is different , so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces . ''
During the meetings , the ministers also discussed the federal government 's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments , as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan . They also explored the state of the global economy and heard a presentation from Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz .
Talks also took place on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions , a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance , tax evasion , money laundering and terrorist financing .
`` We agreed to take concrete steps to make sure that we had knowledge of who owns companies across our country so that we can do a better job at ensuring that we do n't have tax evasion , that we do n't have money laundering , that we do n't have terrorist financing in any part of our country , '' Morneau said .
The Canadian Press
BRASILIA Brazil 's central bank slashed interest rates to their lowest in over two years on Wednesday , stepping up monetary easing to rescue an economy afflicted by its worst recession in more than a century .
In a unanimous vote , the bank 's 9-member monetary policy committee , known as Copom , decided to lower its benchmark Selic rate by 100 basis points to 11.25 percent . It marked the biggest reduction since June of 2009 and followed cuts at the last four meetings , with decreases of 75 basis points at the previous two .
( Reporting by Alonso Soto and Silvio Cascione ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
Aircraft parts maker Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc 's ( SPR.N ) shares slumped on Wednesday after the company said it was taking `` longer than expected '' to agree on prices with its biggest customer , Boeing Co ( BA.N ) , which analysts said may create uncertainty over its cash flow growth .
Analysts said Spirit Aero 's tone regarding the negotiations with Boeing were a deviation from its prior remarks , which had indicated that talks were progressing constructively .
Shares of Wichita , Kansas-based Spirit Aero fell as much as 9 percent to $ 53.06 .
Boeing and European rival Airbus SE ( AIR.PA ) have been pressing suppliers to cut prices on aircraft parts , as they seek to stay competitive amid burgeoning demand from airlines for more capable planes at lower prices .
Spirit Aero 's talks with Boeing relate to prices for parts including sections of fuselages , aerodynamic components surrounding engines and wing framework for the planemaker 's best-selling narrow-body 737 aircraft and the wide-body 787-9 and -10 Dreamliners .
`` There 's still a gap between us really on the 737 side as well as the 787 side . We 're working very hard to close those , '' Spirit Aero Chief Executive Thomas Gentile said on a post-earnings call with analysts .
The company , which gets more than 80 percent of its revenue from Boeing , has since last year sold aircraft parts to the planemaker on an interim supply pact , after a previous 10-year agreement expired in 2015 .
`` It 's an overhang until this is settled . You do n't know how much cash ( Spirit Aero is ) going to get , and whether they have to give money back to Boeing ... it clearly clouds the visibility somewhat , '' Cowen & Co analyst Cai Von Rumohr said .
Last year , Spirit Aero signed a fresh supply deal with Airbus SE ( AIR.PA ) for the wide-body A350 XWB aircraft , a competitor to Boeing 's 787 . However , Spirit Aero took a non-cash charge of $ 135.7 million related to that contract .
Gentile said he was satisfied with the current interim pricing agreement with Boeing , but also added `` it would be better to get to a final commercial settlement and remove some of the uncertainty that surrounded it . ''
While Spirit Aero on Wednesday backed its financial forecasts for the year , some analysts also raised concerns about the company 's growth prospects .
`` We see risk to future periods if negotiations break down or if Boeing is able to exert leverage over ( Spirit Aero ) as it has done with other suppliers , '' SunTrust Robinson Humphrey analyst Michael Ciarmoli said in a client note .
( Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru ; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
April 10 Romande Energie Holding SA :
* For full year , net profit amounted to 114 million Swiss francs compared with 1 million francs in 2015
* Net revenues of Romande Energie group amounted to 602 million Swiss francs in 2016 , virtually unchanged relative to previous year ( +0.3 % )
* Will recommend payment of an ordinary dividend of 36 francs per share
* Romande Energie group expects full-year operating profits in 2017 to be in line with numbers reported for 2016 . Source text - bit.ly/2ogVW1B Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville , Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd .
NEW YORK — John Mellencamp sank to his knees in support of the Black Lives Matter movement after a performance on “ Late Show With Stephen Colbert '' on Thursday evening .
The musician performed his song `` Easy Target '' to which was originally released on the eve of President Trump 's inauguration in January 2017 .
The song addresses racial inequality and Mellencamp references the Black Lives Matter movement with his lyrics such as :
`` So Black Lives Matter , who we 're tryin ' to kid . Here 's an easy target . Do n't matter , never did . ''
`` All of us are created equal - equally beneath me and you . ''
At the end of his performance , Mellencamp knelt and lifted his right fist into the air .
The song comes from Mellencamp 's album “ Sad Clowns & Hillbillies , ” which came out late last year .
You can watch his performance below .
The movement was started by former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick last season . He took a knee during the National Anthem to silently protest racial inequality and treatment of black Americans , particularly by police .
The protests prompted President Donald Trump to tweet that NFL owner should `` fire or suspend '' players that `` disrespect '' the `` flag & country . ''
“ Taking the knee started purely and simply as a protest of racial and social injustice , ” Mellencamp told The Associated Press . “ Sadly it was politicized by the current administration . The song is simple and the protest is pure . ”
A Wells Fargo logo is seen in New York City , U.S. January 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
NEW YORK Among its regional bank-wide sales campaigns , Wells Fargo & Co 's ( WFC.N ) `` Jump into January '' programme was notorious for the impact it had on staff .
Initially designed to motivate branch employees to exceed sales goals , the pressure to beat higher daily sales targets instead encouraged them to forge customer signatures , hold off on opening accounts signed for in December and target friends and family to make up the numbers .
The campaign was highlighted in an internal Wells Fargo report released on Monday that blamed the bank 's sales culture and the management of its retail division for years of sales practice abuses .
The campaign `` became a breeding ground for bad behaviour that helped cement the sales culture 's negative characteristics , '' witnesses told the report 's authors .
`` The January campaign also resulted in increased employee turnover and , in some areas , no paid-time-off or training during the month . ''
To meet their targets , bankers were encouraged to make lists of friends and family who were potential sales targets
One branch manager had a teenage daughter with 24 accounts , an adult daughter with 18 accounts , a husband with 21 accounts , a brother with 14 accounts and a father with 4 accounts .
The report said that , `` many employees believed that their future at Wells Fargo depended on how many products they sold . ''
In total , 5,300 staff were fired for sales practice abuses over five years . Most of the employees that were fired admitted that they engaged in misconduct , but frequently said they did so because of the culture at the bank , the report said .
Branch-level managers said they often felt pressure from their supervisors to make sales , but that only rarely were they explicitly instructed to engage in misconduct .
One regional president was particularly aggressive in her Jump into January campaigns , creating a practice known as “ running the gauntlet ” , in which district managers dressed up
in themed costumes and ran down to a whiteboard to report the number of sales they achieved .
The manager was fired for cause in February .
`` Jump into January '' ended in 2013 and was replaced by another sales programme .
The bank ended all sales goals for retail bankers in September 2016 and in January introduced a new incentive programme that focussed on customer service rather than selling products .
( Reporting by John McCrank ; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Muralikumar Anantharaman )
TRUMP TO SIGN TWO MEMORANDA FOR THE TREASURY SECRETARY ON FRIDAY , ONE ON ORDERLY LIQUIDATION AUTHORITY AND A SECOND ON THE FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL -SPOKESMAN
AP : What does the new album mean to you ?
Jean : `` The best way to explain this album is , it seems like a tastemakers album right now . The buzz of it is building internally and in the underground . That 's a beautiful thing . It 's been like nine years , I think , since the last one . I think the theme of the entire album is , I call it global gumbo . The playlist is a playlist of unity and of culture . We could go from hip hop to gospel to salsa . I guess it 's the thing that reminds us of unification through music . That 's how I know that an album will be called Carnival and this will be the final chapter . ''
AP : The last one ? Is there more music ahead ?
Jean : `` There was an album done before Carnival , which is still not finished . That album was the winter of Stockholm when I got back from Haiti . Me and Avicii got together and the energy was so strong that we ended up doing 20 , 25 songs . It 's not finished yet . We were just talking about it on the phone the other day before he went to Burning Man . He was like , 'Yo , it would be a shame for the world not to hear this . ' I was like , 'Yo , they 're going to hear it . We 've got to figure it out . ' As we move to the future , there are like two albums past this Carnival . ''
AP : What does mean to be held in such reverence by today 's generation of hip-hop stars ?
Jean : `` This album celebrates the younger producers like Supah Mario , the Knocks , the Wavy Gang . It 's sort of the generation movement of this album . When I worked with Santana , you could feel that Wyclef/Fugee generation and the Santana generation merging into one thing . ''
AP : You worked with your musical heroes . What does it mean after 25 years to be in demand by the new generation ?
Jean : `` The kids are making records about you . Even `` Wild Thoughts '' is `` Maria , Maria '' sampled . So when ( DJ ) Khaled and them called and was like , yo , you 've got to clear the sample for me . A lot of people do n't like it . Santana do n't clear samples . But I 'm from a different generation . The idea of digging into the crates and discovery was very important . I 'm always like , when I sampled the Bee Gees , my whole thing was , do n't forget if you take a piece of someone 's material , they 're going to listen it . When I create something in my brain , it 's my creation . So who the hell is going to make it better ? That 's always in my brain . That 's why a lot of times it 's hard to clear it . But `` Wild Thoughts '' is amazing . Khaled 's amazing , Rihanna 's amazing . We called Santana and it was a 1-2-3 . ''
AP : Do you think you 're going to run for president of Haiti again ?
Jean : `` We ran for the urgency . I felt like the government was absent . We do n't feel like government is absent right now . As the country moves forward , as a social entrepreneur , I 'm hoping in the future there 's some form of a school we can build . As a social entrepreneur , my true position with Haiti is to work with the private sector and help to bring jobs . ''
AP : How much do you try and get political when you play live music ?
Jean : `` It 's the same as Jimi Hendrix . It 's like Vietnam . We knew what was going on in Vietnam . At the end of the day , Dylan and different people had different ways that they 're going to protest . For me , I stand in a position of Jimi Hendrix . I would play the `` Star Spangled Banner '' and parts of it would be distorted . It 's self expression to just let people know that maybe there are parts of America right now through rhetoric that 's distorted . But do n't forget who we are . ''
AP : What 's up with The Fugees ?
Jean : `` You know Paul McCartney , where 's the Beatles ? It 's still a beautiful thing that people care and that 's the most important thing . ''
The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday , opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date .
March 30 Lead Eastern Investment Co Ltd :
* Says co 's wholly owned cultural transmission unit plans to buy 34 percent stake in a Hebei-based theater management firm ( target firm ) at 14.7 million yuan and then inject capital of 15.0 million yuan in it
* Says the unit will raise stake in the target firm to 51 percent after transaction
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/6wELcM
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
JERSEY CITY , N.J. — Nick Griffin scored 15 of his 20 points in the second half and Sam Idowu had 12 points to help Saint Peter 's beat Niagara 58-52 on Friday night to snap a six-game skid .
Griffin hit four 3-pointers and made 4 of 4 free throws in the final 19 seconds .
Matt Scott converted a 3-point play , Kahlil Dukes made a jumper and Chris Barton hit a 3-pointer to pull Niagara ( 14-10 , 7-4 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference ) within three points with five minutes to play . Two free throws by Elijah Gonzales gave the Peacocks ( 9-13 , 3-8 ) a 64-58 lead four minutes later , but Matt Scott and Marvin Prochet each made two foul shots to trim the Purple Eagles ' deficit to two points with 20 seconds left . Griffin 's free throws sealed it for Saint Peter 's .
Scott had 16 points and Dukes scored 10 for Niagara , but the duo combined to shoot just 8 of 29 ( 27.6 per cent ) from the field . It was the lowest-scoring output of the season for the Purple Eagles , who came in averaging a conference-leading 83.6 points per game .
× Trump aides were in constant touch with Russian officials during campaign
WASHINGTON – High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence , multiple current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN .
President-elect Trump and then-President Barack Obama were both briefed on details of the extensive communications between suspected Russian operatives and people associated with the Trump campaign and the Trump business , according to US officials familiar with the matter .
Both the frequency of the communications and the proximity to Trump of those involved “ raised a red flag ” with US intelligence and law enforcement , according to these officials . The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to US intelligence .
Officials emphasized that communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments are not unusual . However , these communications stood out to investigators due to the frequency and the level of the Trump advisers involved . Investigators have not reached a judgment on the intent of those conversations .
Adding to US investigators ' concerns were intercepted communications between Russian officials before and after the election discussing their belief that they had special access to Trump , two law enforcement officials tell CNN . These officials cautioned the Russians could have been exaggerating their access .
CNN has reached out to the White House for comment .
The extensive contacts drew concerns of US intelligence and law enforcement officials in part because it came at a time of Russian cyberactivities targeting mostly Democratic Party political organizations .
Post-election intelligence briefings on Russian meddling in the US elections included details of those communications , which included people involved in Trump 's businesses .
The communications were gathered as part of routine US intelligence collection and not because people close to Trump were being targeted .
The FBI and US intelligence agencies continue to try to determine what the motive for the communications were .
One concern was whether Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence operatives the release of damaging information about the Hillary Clinton campaign .
“ If that were the case , then that would escalate things , ” one official briefed on the investigation said .
TREASURIES-Yields rise slightly as traders doubt hawkish Fed outlook
* Fed raises interest rates for second time this year * Fed forecasts one more rate rise in 2017 * Yields lower on day as traders see weak inflation hindering Fed ( Updates prices , adds comments ) By Sam Forgione NEW YORK , June 14 U.S. Treasury yields pared declines but remained lower on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates , announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year , and forecast one more rate hike i
* Live cattle closes lower * Feeder cattle falls hard By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO , March 30 Chicago Mercantile Exchange lean hogs finished higher on Thursday , with strength from bargain buying prior to what turned out to be a neutral U.S. government hog report after futures closed , said traders . The U.S. Department of Agriculture 's quarterly hog report showed a record-large March 1 herd , with most of the data close to forecasts . Buy stops and technical buying furthered market gains , said traders and analysts . April hogs ended up 0.325 cent per pound to 65.625 cents , and above the 200-day moving average of 65.479 cents . May finished 1.025 cents higher at 70.500 cents . `` Analysts did such a good job of anticipating the numbers in this report , I do not see much in the way of impact , '' said CME livestock futures trader Dan Norcini . He said investors will mainly focus on cash prices and signs of retailers pork buying for spring and summer grilling . Thursday afternoon 's average price for slaughter-ready , or cash , hogs in Iowa/Minnesota was $ 63.20 per cwt , down 93 cents from Wednesday , the USDA said . Government data showed the average U.S. wholesale pork price fell $ 1.04 per cwt from Wednesday to $ 75.18 , mainly due to $ 3.30 lower pork butt or pork shoulder cuts . CATTLE FUTURES TURN LOWER CME live cattle futures reversed some of Wednesday 's gains , following tepid wholesale beef demand that threatens remaining cash prices , said traders . They said sell stops and fund liquidation exacerbated futures losses . April live cattle closed 1.350 cents per pound lower at 120.000 cents , and June ended 0.975 cent lower at 110.875 cents . Both contracts settled below their respective 10-day moving average of 120.765 and 111.572 cents . Thursday afternoon 's average wholesale beef price fell $ 1.71 per cwt lower from Wednesday at $ 215.21 . Select cuts sank $ 2.21 to $ 208.05 , the USDA said . Cash cattle bids in the U.S. Plains ranged from $ 126 to $ 128 per cwt against $ 132-plus asking prices . Cash cattle last week in the U.S. Plains brought mostly $ 130 to $ 134.50 . Wednesday 's Fed Cattle Exchange resulted in $ 131.17 per cwt average prices , down from last week 's $ 133.35 average . Tighter packer profits and seasonal beef demand slowdown are expected to pressure remaining cash prices , said traders and analysts . Profit-taking , technical selling and lower live cattle futures sank CME feeder cattle . March feeder cattle , which expired at noon CDT ( 1700 GMT ) , ended down 0.625 cent per pound to 132.675 cents . Most actively traded April closed 1.850 cents lower at 132.550 cents . ( Reporting by Theopolis Waters ; editing by Diane Craft )
He looks forward to a year which he calls a `` clean slate . ''
`` I ca n't wait to see if all these initiatives that I have put forth , ( that ) they are given the OK for us to proceed . And then I can tell you Canada will just take a quantum leap if that happens . ''
Seven months into the job , Zambrano is eager to put his stamp on things . He is not one for standing still .
`` I think we could go faster . I feel like I could do more and should do more . I hope to have the resources to do that . ''
He is grateful to the CSA for adding another warmup game before the Gold Cup . A game against Curacao was all that was originally planned .
Zambrano wanted more and a closed-door session against Nicaragua — four 30-minute periods over two days in Sunrise , Fla. , was arranged .
`` It was a wise decision by the CSA because it was in that game where a lot of the thoughts about how to approach the Gold Cup came together . ''
Zambrano says he believes he has a `` pretty good handle '' now on the talent in the system .
`` But I know there are out there many more that I have n't seen yet . And I 'm keen to look there . ''
He believes Canadian soccer has to look outside the box for talent .
`` I believe this is part of my charter as well — to make sure I have the mechanisms put in place to find those players . It 's not just about what happens in the established routes to participate and compete .
`` That is great but there is another world out there of many many many players that I know are playing the game but that are perhaps not being looked at . ''
Zambrano has already brought in players from Ontario 's League 1 to scrimmage with the national team . And for this camp , he included 21-year-old Caniggia Elva , a St. Lucia-born Calgary-raised forward who went to Europe at 18 .
Elva , Zambrano notes , did not come to Canada Soccer 's attention through `` regular channels . ''
Elva was brought into an under-23 camp in March in Qatar , Zambrano 's first hands-on assignment as Canada coach , after getting calls from Ramon Mifflin , the technical director of Calgary South West United for whom Elva played growing up .
`` We need to establish a solid scouting grid , '' said Zambrano . `` That is something I have presented to the CSA directors , in how to go about doing this in a systemic manner .
`` I 'm hoping that they sign off on it . If they do , we will reach a completely different level of awareness about what we really have in Canada . Because we do have a lot and I think we 're tapping only a very little . ''
In a perfect world , Zambrano says he would have liked to have taken his team to Cuscatlan Stadium in San Salvador to see them perform in hostile conditions .
Zambrano is already at work , changing the team ethos .
He says some of his players have told him that , in the past , national team selection was seen as automatic by some . That is no longer the case , he says . The national team shirt has to be earned .
`` You do n't do it , you 're not going to be called back . ''
A portion of the proceeds from Sunday 's game will go to hurricane Harvey relief efforts .
The Canadian Press
April 12 Jilin Chemical Fibre Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 1148.8 percent to 1383 percent , or to be 32 million yuan to 38 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 2.6 million yuan
* Says increased volume of production and sales and increased sale price of main product as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/zA92W2
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un provides field guidance at a construction site of Ryomyong Street in this undated picture provided by KCNA in Pyongyang on March 16 , 2017 . KCNA/via Reuters
BEIJING North Korea should halt any plans for nuclear and missile activities `` for its own security '' , a Chinese newspaper said on Wednesday , warning that the United States is making clear it does n't plan to `` co-exist '' with a nuclear-armed Pyongyang .
North Korean state media cautioned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression , as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an `` armada '' .
Trump , who has urged China to do more to rein in its impoverished ally and neighbor , said in a tweet that North Korea was `` looking for trouble '' and the United States would `` solve the problem '' with or without Beijing 's help .
The Korean Peninsula has not been so close to a `` military clash '' since North Korea conducted its first nuclear test in 2006 , China 's influential state-run tabloid the Global Times said in an editorial .
`` Not only [ is ] Washington brimming with confidence and arrogance following the missile attacks on Syria , but Trump is also willing to be regarded as a man who honors his promises , '' the paper , run by the ruling Communist Party 's official People 's Daily , said .
`` The U.S. is making up its mind to stop the North from conducting further nuclear tests . It does n't plan to co-exist with a nuclear-armed Pyongyang , '' it said .
`` Pyongyang should avoid making mistakes at this time . ''
The Global Times , whose stance does not equate with Chinese government policy , said that Beijing would likely react strongly to any North Korean test .
`` If the North makes another provocative move this month , the Chinese society will be willing to see the ( U.N. Security Council ) adopt severe restrictive measures that have never been seen before , such as restricting oil imports to the North , '' the paper said .
Beijing has signed on to U.N. sanctions against North Korea , but it has repeatedly called for a return to dialogue to resolve the tensions .
A military parade is expected in Pyongyang to mark Saturday 's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung , North Korea 's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler . North Korea often marks important anniversaries with tests of its nuclear or missile capabilities .
U.S. officials have previously stressed that stronger sanctions are the most likely U.S. course to press North Korea to abandon its nuclear program , though Washington has said all options - including military ones - are on the table .
( Reporting by Michael Martina ; Editing by Michael Perry )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Pacific Plywood Holdings Ltd :
* ‍GUO JINTONG APPOINTED AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR​
* BAI TIANHUI HAS RESIGNED AS CHAIRMAN
* ‍GUO JINTONG APPOINTED AS CHAIRMAN​
* ‍GAO ZHENYUN , AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR , HAS BEEN RE-DESIGNATED AS NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
Fed raises rates , unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year , signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 28 Noble Energy Inc :
* Noble Energy announces final Clayton Williams merger consideration election and pro-ration results
* Noble Energy - holders of about 2.0pct of outstanding Clayton Williams Energy shares of common stock , warrants elected to receive co 's common stock
* Noble Energy Inc says holders of approximately 86.9pct outstanding Clayton Williams Energy shares of common stock , warrants elected to receive cash Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea 's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS , June 15 South Korea 's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F ' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel , said Fleur Pellerin , founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
PHILADELPHIA — Mike Hoffman scored the only goal among 12 players in the shootout to lift the Ottawa Senators to a 4-3 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Saturday .
The Senators looked like they had the game won in regulation , but Nolan Patrick tied the contest with 2.6 seconds left in the third period to force overtime .
Neither team scored in the 3-on-3 5-minute period and neither looked like it was going to score in the shootout , either . After six Flyers shooters and five Senators missed , Hoffman finally connected with a pretty move that beat Michal Neuvirth and sent Ottawa to consecutive victories for the first time since Jan. 5-6 .
Derick Brassard , Matt Duchene and Chris DiDomenico scored in regulation and Ryan Dzingel had a pair of assists for Ottawa .
Sean Couturier and Claude Giroux also scored in regulation for Philadelphia , which lost its fourth straight to hurt its playoff position . The Flyers began play clinging to the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference but just a point ahead of the Rangers and Islanders .
The Senators entered with the third-fewest points in the NHL and tied for the least road wins with six but managed to take advantage of Philadelphia and its tenuous goalie situation .
With top goaltender Brian Elliott ( lower body ) sidelined for the fourth straight game , Philadelphia coach Dave Hakstol elected to start rookie Alex Lyon for the second consecutive contest . Lyon made his first career start in Thursday 's 4-3 loss at New Jersey .
Elliott 's regular backup , Neuvirth , had started Wednesday 's 5-3 loss in Washington before being pulled for Lyon . Neuvirth may have landed in Hakstol 's doghouse after the game by saying he was ill , something he had n't conveyed to Hakstol beforehand .
Neuvirth replaced Lyon to start the third period with the Senators leading 3-1 .
Giroux 's tip of Brandon Manning 's slap shot with 5:45 left in the third pulled the Flyers within a goal . And Patrick knotted the game at 3 on a rebound after Craig Anderson stopped Shayne Gostisbehere 's slap shot from the point .
AURORA | The Overland boys basketball team has certainly had one of the most difficult opening stretches of any team around , the benefits of which may show up at the end of the season .
In just over a week to open the season , the Trailblazers have faced Regis Jesuit , Rock Canyon and George Washington — teams with a combined record of 13-1 — and lost all three by a combined total of just 18 points .
Overland let a victory slip through its fingers Friday night in a pack house in its own gym against the visiting Patriots , a Class 5A state semifinalist a year ago . Coach Danny Fisher 's Trailblazers ( 0-3 ) led by 12 points at halftime , but missed nine free throws in the second half — and 17 for the game — as George Washington ( 4-1 ) rallied for a 58-56 victory .
Overland senior Tucson Redding heads upcourt as George Washington 's Jon'il Fugett tries to slow him during the first half of the Trailblazers ' 58-56 non-league boys basketball loss to the Patriots on Dec. 8 , 2017 , at Overland High School . Redding finished with a team-high 16 points . ( Photo by Courtney Oakes/Aurora Sentinel )
In a short turnaround after a six-point loss to undefeated and top-ranked Rock Canyon the previous night , Overland came out charged up and feeding off the energy in the building .
Senior guard Daijon Smith blew the lid off the place in the closing minutes of the first quarter with a jaw-dropping one-handed dunk .
Smith got a feed from teammate Alex Pena-Avila after a long miss from the Patriots ' Jon'il Fugett , took a few dribbles and soared in the air towards the rim past Fugett to throw it down over 6-foot-7 George Washington center D'Auntray Pierce as he was fouled .
But Smith — who finished with 15 points , one behind senior Tucson Redding for team high — missed the ensuing free throw , a theme that became more prevalent the rest of the night . Overland went 1-for-6 from the charity stripe in the period , yet still took a 31-19 lead into halftime .
A 22-point third quarter for the Patriots — keyed by Devin Carter 's six points and four from Pierce , who finished with a team-high 16 — made a three-point game going to the final quarter .
George Washington finally tied it up at 47-47 after a Pierce put-back and the lead see-sawed back and forth until Overland took a one-point lead with 45 seconds remaining .
The Patriots scored the last three points of the game to come away with the victory .
Overland faces another of the state 's best teams — 6-1 ThunderRidge — on its home floor at 7 p.m. Dec. 15 before it departs for Las Vegas for its annual trip to the Tarkanian Classic .
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor . Reach him at 303-750-7555 or sports @ aurorasentinel.com . Twitter : @ aurorasports . FB : Aurora Prep Sentinel
GEORGE WASHINGTON 58 , OVERLAND 56
Score by quarters :
Geo . Wash. 12 7 22 17 — 58
Overland 17 14 13 12 — 56
GEORGE WASHINGTON ( 58 )
Jon'il Fugett 3 2-2 9 , Devin Carter 4 0-0 8 , D'Auntray Pierce 7 2-3 16 , Mohammed Diallo 2 0-0 4 , Xavier Cooper 2 4-7 8 , Shawn'Trell White 1 2-3 4 , Kendale Johnson 2 1-1 5 , Devon Jones 1 0-0 2 , JoVon Nelson 1 0-0 2 . Totals 23 11-16 58 .
OVERLAND ( 56 )
Tucson Redding 4 7-10 16 , Hezekiah Swanson 0 2-4 2 , Stephen Hayes 1 1-4 3 , Laolu Oke 0 0-0 0 , Goy Wang 0 0-0 0 , Daijon Smith 6 3-7 15 , Alex Pena-Avila 3 0-0 6 , Ryland Clark III 2 3-6 7 , Jalone Rice 3 0-2 7 . Totals 19 16-33 56 .
3-point field goals — George Washington : Jon'il Fugett ; Overland ( 2 ) : Tucson Redding , Jalone Rice . Total fouls — George Washington 24 , Overland 22 . Fouled out — George Washington : D'Auntray Piercer ; Overland : Laolu Oke , Daijon Smith . Technical fouls — George Washington : Mohammed Diallo .
`` They got off to a quick start ( in the third ) , '' Prince said . `` We kind of lagged defensively . I can blame myself for that one . ... They were hitting a lot of good shots , too . ''
Rozier passed his previous career best of 23 points on a pair of free throws with 1:10 remaining in the third . He eclipsed 30 points with a 3-pointer at 6:10 of the final period . Irving is the only other Celtics player with a 30-point game this season .
Schroder 's jumper with 7:19 left brought the Hawks within 10 at 103-93 , but Atlanta would n't come any closer until the final minute with the game out of reach .
Atlanta led 32-26 after one quarter .
`` Pretty good ( first ) half of basketball , '' Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said . `` It felt like we could have had more of a cushion . Six- to eight-point lead , and it 's two at the half . Just a huge third quarter for them . ''
BLEEDING GREEN
Only 10 players suited up for Boston as Irving , F Marcus Morris ( bruised left hip ) , Gs Shane Larkin ( right knee soreness ) and Marcus Smart ( right hand laceration ) were sidelined with injuries .
`` It speaks a lot ( about ) the guys here , '' Horford said .
PRINCE ASCENDS
Prince was named as an injury replacement for Milwaukee 's Malcolm Brogdon in the Rising Stars game during All-Star Weekend . Prince will join Hawks rookie forward John Collins on the U.S. team roster .
`` Kind of excited , kind of relieved because I felt like I did enough work this summer to be able to be in the game from the jump , but God has his own route , '' said Prince , who is Atlanta 's third-leading scorer , averaging 12.3 points per game . `` That 's the reason I had a little fire to me tonight . ''
GREG WHO ?
The Celtics have not announced their reported signing of recently bought-out C Greg Monroe , but that did n't stop Morris from weighing in on the potential addition .
`` I think that 's a great pick-up for us , '' Morris said . `` Veteran player , knows how to play the game , been around the league for a while , so I think he 'd be an add to our size down low , ( our ) scoring ability . ''
TIP-INS
Hawks : Schroder played after being listed as questionable with a right shoulder strain . ... F DeAndre ' Bembry ( left adductor strain ) missed his 20th straight game .
Celtics : All five Boston starters scored in double figures for the first time Dec. 23 . ... Coach Brad Stevens said Irving is feeling `` a little bit better '' and is considered day-to-day . ... Morris said he will be questionable to play Sunday . ... Smart will likely miss an additional 10 to 14 days , Stevens said .
UP NEXT
Hawks : Complete a two-game trip Sunday against the Knicks .
Celtics : Host Portland on Sunday to wrap up a three-game homestand .
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Gethin Coolbaugh , The Associated Press
( Adds more rankings for underwriter and issuer )
April 3 The sale of debt by states , cities , schools and other issuers in the U.S. municipal bond market totaled $ 86.5 billion in 2017 's first quarter , a drop of 9.5 percent from the same period in 2016 , according to Thomson Reuters data on Monday .
Citigroup Inc was the top underwriter of muni bonds during the first three months of 2017 with $ 14.25 billion of debt in 123 deals .
Bank of America Merrill Lynch ranked second with $ 11 billion of debt in 118 deals , while J.P. Morgan Securities was third with $ 7.77 billion in 86 deals .
California was the first quarter 's top issuer , selling $ 2.79 billion of debt , followed by two New York issuers . The Empire State Development Corp sold $ 1.8 billion and the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority sold $ 1.2 billion . ( Reporting By Karen Pierog ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
( Corrects day of the week in paragraph 1 to Tuesday , not Monday )
BRASILIA May 2 Brazil 's trade surplus rose to $ 6.969 billion last month , government data showed on Tuesday , a record for a month of April as prices for main exports such as soy , iron ore and oil rose .
Exports totaled $ 17.686 billion and imports $ 10.717 billion . Economists in a Reuters poll predicted a surplus of $ 7.03 billion , according to their median forecast , after a surplus of $ 4.862 billion in April 2016 . ( Reporting by Silvio Cascione ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
`` You go in , you have a beginning , a middle and end . It 's not so open-ended . Also , you 're not committed to something for five years right off the bat . I think it creates a healthy sense of play . I think you can draw with sharper lines in six than you can in 13 or 22 . I think everybody has a more definite idea of what it is , the tone and you can come out swinging .
`` You are n't asking for approval , which I think that in longer series , you can get locked into that — trying to be likable . ''
On `` Bad Blood , '' Canadian star Kim Coates says they were able to `` go in areas of humanization that are just raw and more swearing , and more stuff that is more true to life . ''
Camille Sullivan , who also stars on `` The Disappearance , '' says audiences members also get deeply invested .
`` You can throw something harder and harsher at the audience , '' says Sullivan . `` They do n't want to sustain it for 22 hours , but for six hours ? 'Sure . Yeah , I 'd like to go to a dark , deep place for six hours . ' ''
Event television also offers a cinematic quality that appeals to those in front of and behind the scenes .
`` A big part of the appeal as an actor is that I 'm not going to be making this with an episodic director ; I 'm going to be shooting this with a filmmaker like Mary Harron , '' says `` Alias Grace '' star Sarah Gadon .
Harron , who directed `` Alias Grace , '' says she felt as if she was working on an independent film .
`` You go deeper , '' says Harron . `` I think you make better work actually , because you 're so in the world of it but you do n't have to sign on for five years . And also you do n't dilute the sensibility of it , because it 's the same writer , same director . ''
On `` Big Little Lies , '' which earned an Emmy for Oscar-nominated Quebec director Jean-Marc Vallee , HBO gave the crew the time they needed to treat the show as one entity rather than having to work on it episode by episode .
`` Sometimes in TV series , you do all you can and it 's not always as good as it can be because of the time , because of the conditions , '' says Montreal-based Louis Gignac , an Emmy nominee for sound mixing on `` Big Little Lies . ''
`` Most of the time , you just let the show go on air and you always have in the back of your mind , ' I could do this better if , I had the time . ' ... But on that kind of television production ( like 'Big Little Lies ' ) , we do n't have this kind of thoughts . ''
The promise of distribution on a wider TV platform is also a lure .
`` For us in independent film , it 's like this shocking , amazing discovery that on Nov. 3 , the entire world will be able to see this project , '' says Gadon , referring to `` Alias Grace '' 's release date on Netflix globally outside of Canada .
`` I always say 'Let 's get on this train while it 's still running , ' '' adds Harron . `` As anyone in film , you want to just get things made the way you want to make them and this is a fantastic opportunity . ''
The Canadian Press
March 31 South China Financial Holdings Ltd -
* Purchaser ( a wholly-owned subsidiary of company ) and vendors entered into agreement
* Purchaser has agreed to acquire and vendors have agreed to sell entire issued share capital of target companies
* Deal for consideration of hk $ 15 million Source text ( bit.ly/2ohFTl9 ) Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BOISE , Idaho — Chandler Hutchison scored 21 points , Justinian Jessup added 18 more and Boise State held on in overtime Saturday night for a 93-91 win over UNLV .
Boise State ( 19-4 , 9-2 Mountain West Conference ) held UNLV scoreless for nearly three minutes in overtime , jumping out to an 88-82 lead behind Christian Sengfelder 's layup and 2-for-2 shooting from the line by Marcus Dickinson and Hutchison , but had to scramble down the stretch as the Rebels closed in over the final two minutes .
Brandon McCoy 's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left cut the gap to 90-89 and UNLV ( 16-7 , 5-5 ) again pulled to within a point on a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson with six seconds to go . Jessup then went 1 for 2 from the line to set the final score and McCoy missed a layup at the other end as time expired .
Lexus Williams and Dickinson got 12 apiece and Sengfelder had 10 to help the Broncos get the season sweep . Hutchison also dished out eight of Boise State 's 17 assists .
Amnesty International has established a permanent presence in Indonesia by setting up an office in Jakarta with the aim of working more effectively with local human rights organizations and victims of abuse .
The global movement of more than seven million members in 150 countries , has advocated human rights in Indonesia since 1964 , three years after the organization was established by British lawyer , Peter Benenson in London . The Indonesian office opened last week and has 160 local volunteers and members .
“ The establishment of this office gives the organization more opportunities to protect and empower people such as farmers , laborers , victims of human rights violations , and also campaign against the death penalty and discrimination , ” Usman Hamid , executive director of Amnesty International Indonesia , told ucanews.com .
To mark the opening Amnesty launched a nationwide campaign called JoinForces in seven major cities to combat and raise awareness of growing “ scapegoat ” politics and the rise of a negative form of populism that has “ undermined the basic rights of minority groups , laborers , farmers , and urban society . ”
Hamid said activists and local people are experiencing violations as a result of infrastructure projects , such as airports and roads . Although needed and designed to benefit the masses , many people are suffering because of developers and the government riding roughshod over landowners and the environment , he said .
About 500 people participated at the start of the campaign in Jakarta on Dec. 7 to raise awareness of the problem .
Effendi Ismoyo , 50 , a farmer who lost his house and land to a cement factory in Central Java , said the government failed to protect the rights of people like him . He hoped human rights organizations such as Amnesty can help fight their cause .
“ We 'd like Amnesty to help us talk with the government , ” said Ismoyo , adding that farmers are facing a serious battle against big plantation companies and developers . Hamid also said that Amnesty should tackle what he called “ scapegoat politics , ” namely , attacking ethnic minorities such as the Chinese .
“ This is dangerous for the future of human rights and our society , ” he said , citing former Jakarta governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama who was accused of blasphemy and imprisoned for two years earlier this year as an example .
Maria Katarina Sumarsih , a Catholic whose son was killed during protests that brought down former dictator Suharto in 1998 , said she wanted Amnesty to seek justice in past rights abuse cases . “ We hope it can bring past human rights violation cases to international [ court ] , ” she said .
SANDY , Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored his 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute , and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night .
Salt Lake ( 6-6-1 ) has won 10 of its last 11 home games , conceding just 12 goals . Houston ( 5-4-3 ) lost for the first time in five games .
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo 's cross .
Beckerman , who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season , came in as a substitute in the 64th . Eighteen minutes later , Beckerman had a corner kick chested to his feet and he sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in .
April 3 Eniro AB
* Eniro presents recapitalization plan
* Says new issue of ordinary shares for SEK 275 mln
* Says offering to holders of convertibles and preference shares to exchange convertibles to ordinary shares
* Says decrease in interest-bearing loans by SEK 828 mln if owners of convertibles and preference shares accept offer and new share issue carried out
* Says board of directors recommends that annual general meeting vote in favor of making an offer to preference shareholders and convertible bondholders to exchange their holdings
* Says participation of lending banks in recapitalization plan requires final approval from respective lending banks ' credit committees
* Says decision of credit committees is expected around April 5 , 2017
* Says one of the Company 's major holders of preference shares ( 9.2 % ) and convertible bonds ( 15.3 % ) , MGA Holding AB , supports the board 's recommendation and has offered in advance to accept the exchange offers Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
HENRICO COUNTY , Va. — A woman is facing multiple charges after police say she was driving drunk with a child inside her vehicle and led police on a pursuit , before assaulting two officers .
Police said the incident started Sunday , March 18 , when officers responded to the 2700 block of Byron Street for a dispute .
Aleah Maureen Santos , 30 , was seen driving recklessly as she left the location , according to police .
Police say they attempted to stop Santos , but she refused , and a pursuit ensued .
Santos finally stopped at Williamsburg Road and Eanes Lane where she was arrested .
Officers discovered a juvenile was in the vehicle with the 30-year-old .
During the arrest process , police say Santos assaulted two officers . They were not injured .
Santos has been charged with driving under the influence , eluding , child endangerment , vandalism , and two counts of assaulting a law enforcement officer .
GREEN BAY , Wis. — The Packers ' team doctor is evaluating tests on Aaron Rodgers ' surgically repaired right collarbone to determine if the quarterback can return for Green Bay 's game this weekend against Carolina .
The tests were done Monday . Coach Mike McCarthy says there 's no timeline on when medical staff will decide on potentially clearing Rodgers . McCarthy says he would like to know as soon as possible , but Rodgers ' availability is a medical decision .
Rodgers could be eligible to be activated for Sunday 's game against Carolina , which would be eight games after getting hurt Oct. 15 at Minnesota . The two-time NFL MVP returned to practice Dec. 2 on what McCarthy called a `` trial return . '' Rodgers ran the scout team last week .
Green Bay ( 7-6 ) remains in contention for a playoff spot .
( Adds CFO comment , details , background )
PARIS , April 20 Michelin 's revenue rose 9.9 percent in the first quarter , buoyed by European auto-market growth and a rebound in demand for outsize mining tyres , the company said on Thursday .
Revenue rose to 5.57 billion euros ( $ 5.99 billion ) from 5.07 billion euros a year earlier , the French tyre maker said in a statement . Sales by volume rose 7.3 percent .
The company reiterated its 2017 goals , which include volume growth in line with global markets , an increase in full-year operating income at constant exchange rates and structural free cash flow in excess of 900 million euros .
Under competitive pressure from no-frills rivals , Michelin is cutting production costs to defend profitability while raising prices to absorb higher costs of raw materials , including natural and synthetic rubber .
First-quarter sales were `` boosted by pre-buy ahead of pricing increases '' as dealers stocked up , Chief Financial Officer Marc Henry said on a conference call .
Sales of specialty tyres for vehicles including agricultural and mining equipment rose 14.9 percent to 848 million euros , Michelin said . Car tyre sales gained 10.5 percent to 3.2 billion euros , while truck tyres rose 6.1 percent to 1.52 billion .
Further price increases are needed to offset higher raw-material costs despite their slight decline from recent peaks , Henry said , playing down analysts ' doubts about the strategy amid cut-throat competition from Chinese brands .
`` Chinese competitors have increased prices so far , '' Henry said , outlining Michelin price hikes of up to 8 percent planned by the end of this month . `` I 'm quite confident these price increases will stick . ''
Weaker pricing nonetheless reduced first-quarter revenue by 1 percent , largely offset by stronger sales of 18-inch and other premium tyres , the company said .
Michelin said it expects raw material costs to reduce full-year earnings by 900 million euros , reiterating a forecast given in February . ( $ 1 = 0.9296 euros ) ( Reporting by Laurence Frost ; Editing by GV De Clercq and Adrian Croft )
April 13 Arch Biopartners Inc :
* Arch Biopartners ' lead anti-bacterial drug candidate ab569 to enter investigator-sponsored Phase I human trial
* Arch Biopartners- Arch has initiated GMP manufacturing of AB569 drug product that is required for trial Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 1-South Africa 's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairman
JOHANNESBURG , June 15 South Africa 's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator 's next chairman .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs Federica Mogherini delivers her speech during the 53rd Munich Security Conference in Munich , Germany , February 18 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
BRUSSELS The European Union 's top diplomat said on Friday the effect of Brexit on the bloc 's joint defence and security operations would be minimal , following a veiled threat from London that it could curb such ties with the alliance if divorce talks turn sour .
Britain , which formally launched the process of leaving the EU on Wednesday , wants simultaneous talks on Brexit and future ties with the EU 's remaining 27 states , especially on trade .
EU states and authorities in Brussels are much cooler towards that idea , seeing a future trade deal with Britain as a strong bargaining chip .
Britain , a leading European military power , has suggested it could use its strong standing on military and defence in the same way - prompting warnings from EU officials .
Triggering the Brexit process , Prime Minister Theresa May said in a letter to the EU said `` our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened '' if Britain left without a new deal on trade and other matters .
Federica Mogherini , arriving in Brussels for a meeting of NATO foreign ministers , said Britain was providing 3 percent of the EU 's foreign civilian missions and 5 percent of the military ones .
`` It 's a valued contribution but for sure a contribution without which the European Union defence and security can continue perfectly well , '' she told journalists . `` So the leverage in that respect would be really minimal on their side . ''
Cooperation would in any case continue , she said .
`` I wish we could and we will establish a good and solid security and defence cooperation also after Brexit . For sure the European Union and Britain will continue to cooperate in this field , also through our cooperation with NATO . ''
Other than France , Britain is the only EU state that has the capacity to run large-scale foreign military operations on its own .
Britain 's intelligence service is also powerful , not least through its `` Five Eyes '' pact with the United States , Canada , Australia and New Zealand .
On Friday , the EU of 27 proposed Britain would just have to show `` sufficient progress '' on its divorce settlement in a first phase of Brexit negotiations to have the bloc agree to open trade talks .
( Additional reporting by Hortense de Roffignac ; editing by John Stonestreet )
LiAngelo Ball just got a tweet of sympathy from Bluto Blutarsky : `` Three months of college down the drain ! ''
O.co Airlines
A six-hour Delta flight from New York to Seattle had to make an unscheduled pit stop in Billings , Mont. , after every toilet malfunctioned .
No truth to the rumour it was the Oakland Athletics ' team plane .
Back to the junkyard
The Browns have fired an NFL-high eight general managers this century .
In other words , they do n't believe in buying genuine GM parts .
Something 's Bruin
UCLA cancelled its basketball game against Montana because of the California wildfires .
LaVar Ball , wildfires — what is it about the Bruins and hot air ?
Bah , humbug
Football coach Jimbo Fisher reportedly tossed his Christmas tree to the curb after news got out he was bolting Florida State for Texas A & M .
Hey , it was either that or have Chief Osceola light it on fire and stick it in the ground at the 50-yard line .
Talking the talk
•Comedy writer Alex Kaseberg , after explosives failed to raze the Silverdome on the first try : `` To get it to collapse , they had to rename it Cleveland Browns Stadium . ''
•Comedy writer Jerry Perisho , on LaVar Ball pulling his shoplifting son LiAngelo out of UCLA : `` That quiet you hear is John Wooden no longer spinning in his grave . ''
Just call him McAdieu
The New York Giants mercifully fired Ben McAdoo last week .
Or as McAdoo apologists prefer to spin it , snapping his streak of 29 consecutive coaching starts .
More headlines
•At SportsPickle.com : `` Browns confirm they will skip NFL draft to avoid drafting any future Browns . ''
•At TheKicker.com : `` Source : 'Gelo 3s ' are just some Skechers LiAngelo lifted from a Payless . ''
Quote marks
•Brad Dickson of the Omaha ( Neb . ) World-Herald , on rumblings that QB Sam Darnold might stay at USC to avoid being drafted by Cleveland : `` The Browns are now bragging about 'doing our part to keep young people in school . ' ''
•Comedian Argus Hamilton , on unease over North Korea surrounding the upcoming Seoul Games : `` At the rate things are going , 2018 could feature the first Nuclear Winter Olympics . ''
•Jim Barach of WCHS-TV in Charleston , W.Va. , on Arizona considering a bill to outlaw wearing a mask to a public event : `` Which could make it very rough on the catchers during home games for the Diamondbacks . ''
•Janice Hough of LeftCoastSportsBabe.com , on Rafael Palmeiro contemplating an MLB comeback at age 53 : `` Uh-oh , nobody tells Jamie Moyer . ''
•Brockton ( Mont . ) High School girls basketball coach Terrence Johnson , to the Great Falls Tribune , on his players ' reaction after losing 102-0 : `` They did nothing wrong . At the end of the day , they all went home and asked , 'What 's for dinner , mom ? ' ''
•Golfer Tim Herron , to the St. Paul Pioneer Press , when asked how much weight he 's put back on after losing 30 pounds : `` Do n't know — the scale broke when I got on it . ''
•RJ Currie of SportsDeke.com , on what landed Oilers goalie Cam Talbot on injured reserve : `` An upper-body injury and a lower save percentage . ''
•NBC 's Seth Meyers , on a poll showing 71 per cent of American men believe they face pressure to act interested in sports : `` 'Not us ! ' said the New York Giants . ''
The Seattle Times
Here 's a fact you should know about the world in which you live : It 's home to more kinds of scaly reptiles than all the mammal families combined .
The reptile order Squamata , which includes snakes , lizards and legless worm-looking creatures known as amphisbaenians , is the largest order of living land vertebrates on the planet .
And yet scientists know surprisingly little about where all those geckos and vipers and iguanas and pythons came from .
Genetic evidence suggests the order originated in the Permian period , more than 250 million years ago . But the oldest known squamate fossil was about 70 million years younger than that .
Advertisement
`` That 's more time than there is between us and the dinosaurs , and we had no clue what was going on , '' said Tiago Simões , a paleontologist at the University of Alberta .
Enter Megachirella wachtleri , a 7.5cm , 240-million-year-old fossil - and an exciting new clue in this evolutionary mystery .
According to research by Simões and his colleagues that was published today in the journal Nature , megachirella is the `` mother of all lizards , '' the oldest known ancestor of all squamates . Her existence helps explain the transition from more primitive reptiles to the large , diverse order that now slithers , creeps and burrows across every continent except Antarctica .
In a video for the Muse Science Museum in Trento , Italy , co-author Michael Caldwell called the fossil a `` perfect example . ''
`` It 's almost a virtual Rosetta stone , '' said Caldwell , also a paleontologist at the University of Alberta , `` in terms of the information that it gives us on the evolution of snakes and lizards . ''
Megachirella 's partial skeleton was discovered by an amateur fossil hunter in the Dolomite mountains of northern Italy and first described by scientists in 2003 . But , limited by the technology of the time and an incomplete understanding of the squamate order , researchers were not quite sure how the new species fit into the reptile family tree .
Fifteen years later , high-resolution micro CT scanning made it possible to peer inside the rock holding the fossil and identify features concealed within . At a synchrotron facility , Simões and his colleagues identified features in the animal 's brain case , collar bone and wrists that are unique to lizards .
They also found evidence of vestigial traits that more modern squamates have since lost - a small cheek bone called the quadratojugal and primitive belly bones called gastralia ( which are found in many dinosaurs , too ) .
An artist 's illustration of life in the Dolomites region of northern Italy about 240 million years ago , with Megachirella wachtleri in the vegetation .
Simões devoted his PhD to understanding the family tree of living and extinct squamates .
`` For the first time , having that information with this highly expanded data set , now it became possible to actually assess the relationship of not only this species but also of other species of reptiles , '' Simões said .
When megachirella walked the Earth , in the middle Triassic period , the world 's land masses were crushed together in a supercontinent called Pangaea . Flowers had not evolved , and the ground was dominated by primitive plants called lycopods ( ancestors of club mosses and quillworts ) . The conditions under which the fossil was found - in marine sediments but surrounded by fossilised land plants - suggest that a powerful storm hit the coastline where megachirella lived and swept the tiny critter out to sea .
Simões and his colleagues are still seeking evidence of megachirella 's behaviour . And they still need to fill in the tens of millions of years between megachirella and the next oldest squamate fossil . Many fossil lizards from the early Cretaceous ( more than 100 million years ago ) do n't seem to fit neatly into any known lineage , and megachirella might help explain those oddities .
`` It 's confirming that we are pretty much clueless , '' Simões said of the new species . `` But on the positive side , we also have all this extra information in terms of the transition from more general reptile features to more lizard-like features . ''
BRIEF-Capital Gearing Trust says issued 5,500 ordinary shares at a price of 3,915 pence per share
* Issued 5,500 ordinary shares of 25p from its block listing facility at a price of 3,915 pence per share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
Goldman Sachs raises $ 7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $ 7 billion for its new private equity fund , near the top of its targeted goal , according to two people familiar with the matter .
March 28Xiamen Meiya Pico Information Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 185 percent to 233 percent , or to be 3 million yuan to 3.5 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 1.1 million yuan )
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/84FWQB
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 5 Boeing Co :
* Boeing selects Plano , Texas , site for Global Services Headquarters
* Boeing Global Services Headquarters will be located in Legacy West mixed- use development in West Plano
* Has selected a site in Plano , Texas , for headquarters of its new Global Services Business unit , which will be operational in July Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Locals visit Myitsone , at the confluence of the Mali and Nmai rivers , outside Myitkyina capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 30 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
An Ethnic Kachin woman who has been relocated , works in her home in the village of Aung Myay Thar village , near the Myitsone dam project outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 31 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Locals visit Myitsone , at the confluence of the Mali and Nmai rivers , outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 31 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Relocated villagers walk down a road as they collect firewood near the Myitsone dam project outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 30 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
A 40-year-old Ethnic Kachin man who has been relocated , Hla Gya , poses for a photo wearing his anti-dam movement shirt infront of his new home in Aung Myay Thar village , near the Myitsone dam project outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 31 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Temporary residents are seen at Myitsone , at the confluence of the Mali and Nmai rivers , outside Myitkyina capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 30 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Graffiti on a stone at the confluence of the Mali and Nmai rivers is seen as Ethnic Kachin people pose for photos at Myitsone , outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 30 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
A Catholic nun and locals pose for a photo inside a Catholic church , which will be removed if the megadam project at Myitsone is to proceed , outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 30 , 2017 . Picture taken on March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Ethnic Kachin man Mai Gamg Naw Hkum , 61 , who has been relocated , poses for a photo infront of his new home in Aung Myay Thar village , near the Myitsone dam project outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Graffiti is seen on a stone at the confluence of the Mali and Nmai river at Myitsone , outside Myitkyina , capital city of Kachin state , Myanmar March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
NAYPYITAW China has shifted its position in a lengthy dispute with Myanmar over the building of a $ 3.6 billion dam , seven sources said , signalling its willingness to abandon the project in exchange for other economic and strategic opportunities in Myanmar .
Myanmar President Htin Kyaw will discuss a potential deal on the massive Myitsone dam during a trip to China beginning on Thursday , two senior Myanmar officials and a person familiar with the matter told Reuters .
Until recently , China had been pushing hard for the 6,000 megawatt project to go ahead despite widespread opposition within Myanmar which forced the suspension of work in 2011 .
Now , it is discussing alternative options with Myanmar including developing a number of smaller hydropower projects and securing preferential access to a strategically important port to compensate it for shelving the project , the sources said .
The seven sources include senior Myanmar government officials , a person familiar with the original deal and a person close to the Chinese state-owned operator of the dam . They declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter .
Executives at the developer , the Sino-Myanmar joint venture Upstream Ayeyawady Confluence Basin Hydropower , are `` deeply concerned '' the project will get scrapped , according to a person close to the company .
In a statement , the company said it was looking forward to `` an impartial and fair '' review by the Myanmar government into the environmental and social impact of the project . It said it remained confident of an appropriate solution , without giving details .
Myanmar 's national security advisor Thaung Tun said the review , led by Htin Kyaw , was in its final stages .
The person familiar with the original deal said the Chinese-owned operator of the dam , the State Power Investment Corp Yunnan International Power Investment ( SPICYN ) has not been actively pursuing the project over the last six months , in contrast to its more proactive stance previously .
SPICYN declined to comment .
LESS POWER NEEDED
China would maintain communications with Myanmar to handle `` any difficulties encountered in the course of cooperation on the project '' Hua Chunying , a spokeswoman for China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , told a regular media briefing .
The Myitsone dam was supposed to send 90 percent of its electricity to China 's neighbouring Yunnan province , angering many in electricity-starved Myanmar .
But in recent months , China 's appetite for the project has diminished because Yunnan now has an oversupply of electricity as it switches to less energy-intensive industries amid an economic slowdown , sources said .
Instead , China , with its `` One Belt , One Road '' ambitions of improving links with central Asia and Europe , `` wants a face-saving solution '' that would allow it to advance its other economic interests if it shelves Myitsone , said a top government official familiar with discussions .
A deal would mark a geopolitical shift away from the West , as Naypyitaw looks to improve ties with China at a time when the United States and the European Union are focussed more on domestic policies .
Beijing is an increasingly important partner for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi , who has made ending decades of ethnic war her top priority . Myanmar needs Chinese support to stabilise their shared border amid increased fighting with armed ethnic groups .
Myanmar is likely to be liable to China for compensation on hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on the project , according to the source close to the deal and a person familiar with the government 's position .
Myitsone 's developer and operator did not comment on potential compensation arrangements and it was not clear how that would be handled .
`` The compensation does n't have to be cash , '' said one of the officials familiar with Suu Kyi 's thinking . `` China is interested in other infrastructure projects including smaller-scale dams . ''
China is also pushing for preferential access to the deep sea port of Kyauk Pyu on the Bay of Bengal , according to two sources familiar with the government 's position .
Kyauk Pyu is the entry point for a Chinese oil and gas pipeline and the two countries are close to starting pumping oil through it . The pipeline will provide China an alternative route for receiving Middle Eastern oil .
For a graphic on 'Key Chinese investment in Myanmar ' , click - tmsnrt.rs/2nCocII
( Additional reporting by Antoni Slodkowski , Wa Lone , Simon Lewis , Soe Zeya Tun in MYANMAR , Michael Martina in BEIJING and David Stanway in SHANGHAI ; Editing by Lincoln Feast )
April 5 Delmar Pharmaceuticals Inc :
* Delmar pharmaceuticals provides val-083 updates from the ongoing American Association For Cancer Research ( AACR ) annual meeting
* Delmar Pharmaceuticals Inc - VAL-083 is active in cells with t790m and KRAS mutations indicating that agent can overcome TKI-resistance
* Delmar Pharma- poster demonstrates that val-083 has differentiated moa with a dual signaling pathway to cause permanent DNA damages in NSCLC cell lines Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice ( GMP ) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration , for pills ( condensed pills ) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11 , 2022
WASHINGTON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Currency stability around the world is contributing to global growth and investment , David Malpass , the Treasury 's under secretary for international affairs , said on Friday .
“ There is an opportunity now as the world grows faster and the financial system is stable to recognize that the stability that has been occurring on exchange rates is a result of good policies , and it contributes to growth and investment around the world , ” he told the Center for Strategic and International Studies . ( Reporting by Lesley Wroughton and David Lawder Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
São Paulo , March 31 The judge overseeing the in-court restructuring of Brazilian phone company Oi SA dropped PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PWC ) as court administrator on the case , the biggest bankruptcy filing in Brazilian history , according to a court document reviewed by Reuters on Friday .
Judge Fernando Cesar Ferreira Viana said in his decision that he had lost trust in PWC after it asked for an extension and committed a `` gross error '' in compiling a list of Oi 's creditors . The judge appointed BDO Consultoria to replace PWC on the case , working in conjunction with law firm Arnoldo Wald . ( Reporting by Ana Mano ; Writing by Brad Haynes ; Editing by Daniel Flynn )
CINCINNATI ( AP ) `` Prosecution testimony is nearing an end in the Ohio murder retrial of a former University of Cincinnati police officer .
A county coroner 's office official is expected to testify Wednesday in Ray Tensing 's case . Tensing , who 's white , is charged in the 2015 fatal shooting of Sam DuBose , an unarmed black motorist .
Attorney Stewart Mathews on Tuesday questioned witness Grant Fredericks ' conclusion that Tensing 's body camera footage does n't support his story that he shot DuBose to stop him from using his car to try to kill him .
Mathews said there are n't multiple video angles like in an NFL replay and referred to Fredericks ' testimony as `` 20-20 hindsight . ''
Advertisement
A use-of-force expert for the state testified Tuesday that the shooting was n't justified .
Tensing 's first trial last November ended in a hung jury .
May 2 Societa Cattolica di Assicurazione Sc :
* Said on Friday that Giovan Battista Mazzucchelli resigns as CEO of Cattolica Assicurazioni
* Board appointed Alberto Minali CEO who will be in office as of June 1
Source text : bit.ly/2p15AT7
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Tyrone Chambers , charged with killing Hamilton teen Brandon Musgrave , says witnesses at the student party where it happened are mistaken when they testify he fired his gun that night .
`` I know I did n't shoot anyone , '' Chambers told the jury during his testimony in his own defence on Monday .
Chambers , 31 , is accused , along with Joshua Warner , 29 , with second degree murder and aggravated assault in the shooting of Musgrave and of two other students who survived .
The victims were guests at a March 12 , 2010 spring break party given by Columbia International College students living at 53 Dundurn St. S .
Court has heard Chambers did not like the music being played and Musgrave , 18 , was trying to calm the situation . The dispute continued and got heated until Chambers drew out his gun , wrapped inside a sock , and pointed at people .
But Chambers said repeatedly during questioning that he did not fire his gun . He testified earlier that it was Warner who did all the shooting .
Chambers , as he often did while on the stand , spoke directly to the jury when giving answers to his lawyer , and to Warner 's .
He told the jury he came into the court process expecting all the witnesses to say he was not the shooter .
`` Because I had a firearm out , everyone assumes I did the shooting , '' he said .
`` I did n't shoot , period . ''
COLDWATER – Versailles ' Joe Spitzer won the high school boys race during the Coldwater Lions Invitational cross-country meet on Thursday in Coldwater .
Spitzer finished in 15:44.15 , defeating Fort Loramie 's Joe Ballas by 39 seconds for the individual championship in a race that included 256 runners from schools including Ansonia , Bradford , Mississinawa Valley and Versailles .
Led by Spitzer , the Versailles boys finished eighth in the team standings . Also for the Tigers , Brooks Blakeley finished 33rd overall in 18:01.50 , Stuart Baltes finished 49th in 18:34.27 , Noah Barga finished 68th in 18:53.34 , Ryan Subler finished 75th in 18:58.96 , Brian Heitkamp finished 81st in 19:02.46 , and Caden Schulze finished 97th in 19:19.84 .
Bradford 's boys finished 13th in the team standings . The Railroaders ' Jay Roberts finished 23rd overall in 17:36.21 , Johnny Fike finished 25th in 17:39.24 , Jackson Moore finished 77th in 19:00.68 , Ethan Saunders finished 134th in 20:09.31 , Jared Shellabarger finished 189th in 21:46.65 , Kurt Hoover finished 190th in 21:47.09 , and Shane Bryan finished 201st in 22:16.21 .
The Ansonia boys finished 15th in the team standings . The Tigers ' Brayden Swabb finished 42nd in 18:20.21 , Logan Warner finished 63rd in 18:47.47 , Michael Hall finished 148th in 20:26.68 , Garrett Kaiser finished 164th in 20:58.40 , Kyle Thornhill finished 181st in 21:24.52 , Daniel Shaner finished 219th in 22:57.75 , and Jacob Vietor finished 252nd in 27:25.06 .
Mississinawa Valley 's boys did n't have enough runners to record a team score . The Blackhawks ' Michael Rammel finished 199th in 22:12.12 , Roman Dircksen finished 210th in 22:34.37 , and Shawn Wogoman finished 218th in 22:53.43 .
Fort Loramie won the boys team championship in a race that included 19 schools while Minster won the girls team championship in a race that included 17 schools .
Versailles ' girls finished sixth in the team standings . The Lady Tigers ' Kenia McEldowney finished 23rd overall in 20:36.56 , Kennedy McEldowney finished 38th in 21:01.02 , Maria Mangen finished 42nd in 21:13.72 , Liz Watren finished 47th in 21:21.47 , Hannah Bey finished 53rd in 21:33.18 , Dana Rose finished 55th in 21:36.84 , and Tori Schulze finished 56th in 21:44.24 .
The Bradford girls finished ninth in the team standings . The Lady Railroaders ' Karmen Knepp finished third overall in 19:10.50 , Skipp Miller finished 11th in 19:50.17 , Olivia Daugherty finished 83rd in 22:35.62 , Mercedes Smith finished 85th in 22:36.75 , Chelsea Gill finished 128th in 23:38.22 , and Abby Gade finished 209th in 26:51.90 .
Ansonia 's girls finished 16th in the team standings . The Lady Tigers ' Olivia Wright finished 44th overall in 21:15.78 , Lydia Snyder finished 127th in 23:36.43 , Katie Werts finished 131st in 23:40.08 , Mariah Troutwine finished 146th in 24:23.41 , Kassie Weyant finished 171st in 25:12.68 Breena Hall finished 193rd in 26:22.17 , and Amber Bergman finished 211th in 26:55.06 .
Mississinawa Valley 's girls did n't have enough runners to record a team score . The Lady Hawks ' Maria Ojeda finished 204th in 26:38.84 , Gabby Rammel finished 220th in 27:51.58 , and Piper Phillips finished 247th in 31:00.96 .
Minster 's Emma Watcke won the high school girls race , which included 257 runners , in 18:18.81 .
For complete results from the Coldwater Lions Invitational , visit http : //www.baumspage.com/cc/ccevent.php ? peventid=105 & table=C .
Spitzer http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_Joe-Spitzer-WEB-1.jpg Spitzer
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ dailyadvocate.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Soccer-China reveals player levy level ahead of transfer window
HONG KONG , June 14 - China 's top soccer clubs have until Sunday to respond to plans to introduce a transfer levy in an attempt to curb spiralling expenditure on overseas players .
( Adds Citi revised predictions , Candriam Investors Group , Natixis Asset Management , Nomura )
By Helen Reid
LONDON , April 10 Markets are weighing the odds as France prepares for its presidential elections this month , with far-right , eurosceptic Marine Le Pen among the main contenders .
Surveys widely predict she will make it through to the decisive second round , where many expect her to face the current poll-leader , centrist Emmanuel Macron . tmsnrt.rs/2jLwO20
Below is a round-up of probabilities that strategists and economists at banks and asset managers assign to various outcomes , and financial market scenarios associated with them .
CANDRIAM INVESTORS GROUP ( 101.9 billion euros under management )
Probability of a Le Pen win : 10 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win : `` intense flights of capital '' , France likely to restore capital control . Eurozone equities to drop more than 20 percent , volatility ( VIX ) to jump . French OAT spread against Germany to rise more than 300 basis points , Euro to drop more than 10 percent . Risk of economic downturn in Europe .
CITI :
Probability of a Le Pen win : 25 percent ( revised up on April 10 from 20 percent previously )
Citi changed its base case , which had been a win for centre-right Francois Fillon , to a Macron win , on April 10 . `` We change our baseline to a Macron win ( 35 percent probability ) - Fillon is our alternative scenario ( 30 percent ) , '' the bank wrote .
`` Wild card '' scenario of a win by the far-left 's Jean-Luc Mélenchon : 10 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win : Euro to drop initially , `` possibly sharply '' . Bonds to sell off on perceptions of devaluation scenarios , 10-year OAT-Bund spread to rise nearer to 200 basis points . French equities to fall 5 to 10 percent to end-June 2017 .
Market impact of a Fillon win : Ten-year OAT-Bund spreads to come back down to 35-40 basis points , Euro to rise
DEUTSCHE BANK :
Probability of a Le Pen win : 25 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win : European equities to fall about 15 percent
Market impact of a Macron win : Limited scope for relief rally as valuations already high
JPMORGAN :
Probability of a Le Pen win : 25 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win : French stocks to fall by double digits , French bond spreads to widen 200-300 bps , euro to fall to $ 0.98
Market impact of a Macron win : Eurozone equities to see a return of significant global investor flows , to the tune of at least 10 percent of current assets under management .
LA FRANCAISE ASSET MANAGEMENT :
Probability of a Le Pen win : `` relatively low ''
Market impact of a Le Pen win : France 's blue-chip CAC 40 index to fall by up to 20 percent , French rates to rise 3 percent , euro to drop 10 percent . Euro stocks could fall 15 percent , and Italian assets would also be impacted , with a possible 20 percent drop on Milan 's FTSE MIB .
MORGAN STANLEY :
Probability of a Le Pen win : 15 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win : double-digit losses on European stocks and the euro , OAT spreads widen to about 120 basis points . Italian government bonds have more downside with spreads widening to 300 basis points .
Market impact of a Macron win : French banking stocks including BNP Paribas and Société Générale to rally 15-20 percent .
NATIXIS ASSET MANAGEMENT ( 337.1 billion euros under management ) :
Probability of a Le Pen win : no in-house prediction .
Market impact of a Macron or Fillon win : Spread between 10-year French OAT and 10-year German Bund to narrow to 30 basis points . 10-year OAT , currently at 0.9 percent , could converge to 0.6-0.7 percent . Equity market `` will continue to creep up '' , equities in peripheral markets ( Spain , Portugal , especially Italy ) , to display the best showings .
Market impact of a Le Pen win ( and eventual exit from the Euro ) : 15 to 20 percent drop in French equities , Euro to drop to `` at least '' parity with dollar , spreads with Germany to rise to 300 basis points . Households to transfer savings to accounts outside France .
`` All these elements could take place before or at the moment of the second round of the presidential election , '' chief economist Philippe Waechter said .
NOMURA :
Probability of a Le Pen win : no in-house view . `` The FX market prices Ms Le Pen 's chances at around 13-15 percent , '' strategists said in a note on April 7 .
Foreign exchange volatilities likely to trade higher into the first round , weighing on the Euro . A high first-round result for Le Pen would also drive the Euro lower , Nomura 's FX strategists said .
Market impact of a Le Pen win : Euro to fall 6 percent , 10-year OATs to sell off by 30 basis points . Outflows from OATs into safe havens outside of the eurozone likely . France 's credit rating would be `` at risk , but not an immediate downgrade '' .
Market impact of a Macron win : Euro to gain 1 percent , 10-year OAT yields to ease by 15 basis points .
UBS :
Probability of a Le Pen win : 40 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win : Euro stocks fall up to 35 percent , trade-weighted euro down 10 percent , high-yield European bonds down 17 percent
Market impact of a Macron win : Eurozone assets to enjoy `` substantial '' relief rally , euro to jump 2 percent
( Reporting by Helen Reid ; Editing by Pritha Sarkar and Andrew Heavens )
A Barclays sign is seen outside a branch of the bank in London , Britain , February 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON Barclays shares fell sharply on Friday as investors focused on a poor performance at its markets business , a key part of its growth strategy , that missed out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017 .
The British bank is seeking to press ahead with restructuring plans which have seen it shift towards a transatlantic U.S.-UK focus and an emphasis on investment banking under its American Chief Executive Jes Staley .
In its trading division , income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds , as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business and the impact of exiting energy-related commodities .
Equities trading income also fell 10 percent , driven by lower revenue from U.S. equity derivatives .
By contrast , Barclays ' Wall Street rivals saw bond trading revenues rise by an average of 21 percent in the first quarter , with investors adjusting their portfolios in response to rising interest rates , and elections in Europe .
Deutsche Bank reported on Thursday that its markets business also lagged its U.S. peers last quarter , but reported an increase nonetheless in revenues .
Analysts were unimpressed by Barclays ' results .
`` After a strong set of fixed income results from U.S. and European peers , Barclays Q1 results are disappointing , '' Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts said in a note .
Barclays shares traded 4 percent lower at 0850 GMT , their worst day since the aftermath of the Brexit vote last June .
Staley attributed the poor performance to weakness in the bank 's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year and said that it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter 's performance .
`` You ca n't make a judgement on the investment bank based on one quarter , '' he said on a conference call with reporters .
WHISTLEBLOWING CASE
Staley 's attempts to revitalise the investment banking business have been clouded by probes in the U.S. and Britain and criticism from investors following his attempts to unmask a whistleblower , which Barclays insiders fear could unseat Staley if the investigations ' findings are damning .
Former JPMorgan banker Staley told reporters he had not offered his resignation to the board over the affair and that he was fully cooperating with the regulators .
Barclays said its profit before tax was 1.7 billion pounds , up from 793 million pounds a year ago and better than the 1.46 billion pounds average estimate of analysts ' forecasts compiled by the bank .
But part of that increase was driven by proceeds of sales of a credit card portfolio and a gain in the value of the bank 's preference shares in Visa Inc , with underlying earnings growth more muted .
Barclays still faces a series of regulatory obstacles , with an ongoing probe by Britain 's Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) over its 2008 cash call at the height of the financial crisis and accusations by the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) over mortgage mis-selling .
Barclays also faces a further headache from political upheaval in South Africa , which is hindering the bank 's efforts to sell its business there - a key element in its strategy to boost capital levels to meet regulators ' demands .
Barclays said it would take a one-off goodwill impairment charge of 884 million pounds on its stake in Barclays Africa Group , which it has given itself 2-3 years to sell down .
Its core capital ratio , a key measure of financial strength , rose to 12.5 percent from 12.4 percent last quarter , making it the most thinly capitalised of the major UK banks .
`` The bank continues to ride a capital tightrope , '' Bernstein analysts wrote in a note .
`` UK macro and South African politics will dictate whether Barclays escapes another capital raise , '' they added .
The bank said it would create 1,000 new roles in the UK in operations and technology , with a further 1,000 to come over the next three years .
( Reporting by Anjuli Davies ; Editing by Rachel Armstrong/Keith Weir )
Liberty Global and Vodafone Group have created a new 50:50 joint venture called VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V . Combining Ziggo 's fibre-rich broadband network with Vodafone 's mobile operation is designed to create a stronger converged competitor in the Dutch market , delivering significant benefits for consumers , businesses and the public sector through investment in digital infrastructure and customer experience .
VodafoneZiggo has combined revenue of over €4 billion ( US $ 4.19billion ) with 10 million fixed and five million mobile Revenue Generating Units ( RGUs ) and what is said to be the fastest-growing business-to-business ( B2B ) business in the market . Following the divestment of Vodafone 's consumer fixed business , Vodafone Thuis , the estimated net present value of total synergies for the transaction remains around €3.5 billion ( US $ 3.66billion ) .
Following the recapitalisation of VodafoneZiggo and after taking into account the €0.8 billion ( US $ 0.98billion ) equalisation payment by Vodafone , Liberty Global will receive €2.2 billion ( US $ 2.30billion ) and Vodafone will receive €0.6 billion ( US $ 0.63billion ) in cash payments post-closing .
Mike Fries , CEO of Liberty Global , commented , “ This joint venture is great news for Dutch consumers and businesses . VodafoneZiggo will be the most innovative provider of converged communications services in the Netherlands with a full suite of market-leading TV , broadband , fixed-line and mobile products on day one of the JV . We are also excited about our shareholders .
This is a highly accretive transaction with significant synergies and a predictable dividend stream . When including over €500 million ( US $ 523.46billion ) of cash generated and up-streamed since the announcement of the deal back in February , total proceeds to Liberty will exceed €2.7 billion ( US $ 2.83billion ) . We look forward to deploying that capital to drive long-term growth and investor returns . ”
Vittorio Colao , Vodafone Group chief executive , said , “ Today marks the creation of a strong integrated communications provider in the Netherlands , combining the complementary skills and experience of Vodafone and Liberty to bring a range of benefits to consumers , enterprises and the public sector . The merged operation will be a stronger competitor in the Netherlands – one of our core European markets – and is a further example of Vodafone 's ability to create value for its customers and shareholders through an effective market-by-market convergence strategy . ”
The JV will operate under both the Vodafone and Ziggo brands and will create a nationwide integrated communications provider with 7.1 million homes passed by the fibre-rich broadband network of Ziggo Group Holding B.V. and the nationwide 4G mobile coverage of Vodafone Netherlands . Of VodafoneZiggo approximately 15 million RGUs , 4.0 million are video , 3.1 million are high-speed broadband , 2.5 million are fixed-line telephony and 5.2 million are mobile .
Comment on this article below or via Twitter : @ VanillaPlus OR @ jcvplus
PARIS French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron may delay plans to reduce the share of nuclear power in the French power mix and is considering a UK-style subsidy mechanism to build new nuclear reactors , a source close to the Macron campaign team said .
EDF shares jumped as much as 5 percent in heavy trading on the news , boosting the company 's market value by about one billion euros , before closing 3.7 percent higher .
An official spokesman for Macron said the candidate would stick to the policy outlined in his campaign platform , which specifies he would respect the outgoing socialist government 's target to reduce the share of nuclear in French power production to 50 percent by 2025 from about 75 percent now .
Relaxing the deadline for reducing the country 's reliance on nuclear power would be highly beneficial for state-owned EDF ( EDF.PA ) , already struggling with high debt , which otherwise could be forced to close more than a dozen of its 58 reactors .
A new subsidy mechanism for new nuclear plants would also allow the utility to build reactors at home in the coming decades , and could become an issue in an election campaign where energy has been overshadowed by globalisation and immigration .
The source , who declined to be identified as he is not an official spokesman for the campaign , said a Macron government would make sure that a reduction of the share of nuclear in the mix would not jeopardise security of power supply nor lead to increased carbon emissions .
`` The reduction to 50 percent is a firm objective . What could change , depending on the resources invested , is the date , '' the source said in an interview on Wednesday .
He said the 2025 date was `` not cast in stone '' and Macron would be `` pragmatic '' about how and when France would cut the share of atomic energy . But the source said it was essential for the country to reduce its reliance on one single energy source for reasons of security of supply .
An official spokesman for Macron said the candidate would not deviate from his campaign platform , as he had reiterated at a rally at La Villette , Paris , last weekend .
`` We will respect the trajectory laid out by the energy transition law , '' Macron spokesman Sylvain Fort told Reuters .
LIFESPAN
Industry specialists say cutting the share of nuclear power to 50 percent would be a difficult and costly process and virtually impossible to achieve in just eight years .
But the promise to respect outgoing President Francois Hollande 's energy transition law is crucial for winning green and leftist support for Macron , who is backed by several leading figures in France 's anti-nuclear movement .
In a TV debate tonight , Macron will face his far-right opponent Marine Le Pen , who is strongly in favour of nuclear power and against wind energy .
The source declined to say whether Macron would back EDF 's request to extend the lifespan of its ageing nuclear reactors beyond 40 years , saying the centrist candidate would wait for nuclear regulator ASN 's recommendation on the issue , which is expected by the end of 2018 or 2019 .
He said that if France needed to build reactors to replace existing ones , it would have to consider new support systems because at current market prices no investor would put money into nuclear . The new scheme could be similar to the UK 's 'Contract for Difference ' ( CfD ) scheme .
`` We are thinking strongly about something that resembles what the British have done , '' the source said .
He said there were no plans to ask European Union approval for a support mechanism to upgrade existing nuclear plants , but that a CfD-like scheme could work for new ones .
`` The Contract for Difference has already been accepted by the European Commission , so therefore this mechanism does not pose a problem from a legal point of view , '' he said . It was too soon to go into detail about how a CfD-like mechanism would be applied in France , the source said , but it could closely model the UK contract , under which an energy supplier is assured a fixed price for its power .
For its 18 billion pound ( 21 billion euros ) Hinkley Point project , EDF has signed a CfD with Britain under which it can sell power at 92.5 pounds ( 109.5 euros ) per megawatt hour for 35 years . If the market price is above that level , EDF refunds the difference , if it is below that level it receives a top-up .
The source said Macron supported the UK project and that it was crucial for maintaining the French nuclear industry 's skill base .
EDF shares , which have fallen 32 percent over the past 12 months before Wednesday 's move , were the biggest gainers in the French bourse 's SBF120 index .SBF120 and in the Stoxx Europe Utilities index .SX6P on Wednesday .
( 1 euro = 0.8448 pounds )
( Writing by Geert De Clercq ; additional reporting by Michel Rose ; editing by David Clarke )
HENRICO COUNTY , Va. — Police used a phone left in a stolen car to track down a driver who drove off in a car that was not his .
The car was left running outside a 7-11 on Williamsburg Road around 8 p.m. on New Year 's Eve .
“ The victim stated he left his vehicle running , unlocked , and with his phone in it while he ran into 7-Eleven , ” a Henrico Police spokesman said . “ He was surprised to find his vehicle missing when he came out . ”
Using the phone left in the car , police tracked the vehicle to an address on N. 23rd Street in Richmond .
“ Officers arrived to find Mr. [ Dustin Avory ] Swan driving the stolen car , ” police said . “ During the arrest , Mr. Swan kicked one of the Henrico officers . Once in custody it was determined that Swan was also intoxicated . ”
Swan , 44 , was charged with Grand Larceny , Disorderly Conduct , and his second DWI in the last five – 10 years .
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
March 27 Pivot Technology Solutions Inc
* Pivot Technology Solutions , Inc. reports fourth quarter , annual 2016 results and provides value creation plan update
* Qtrly revenue ( excluding gts ) was $ 398.9 million , up 2.4 % from $ 389.4 million in q4 2015
* Q4 earnings per share $ 0.06 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 12 Ymagis SA :
* Launches CinemaNext North America with Texas-based partner CinTech
* Agreed with Dallas-based CinTech LLC . to form a new , full-service exhibitor services company in North America
* New company , CinemaNext North America , will be created with Ymagis Group acquiring a 75 pct stake and CinTech the remaining 25 pct
* CinemaNext North America will be managed by Stan Hays
* Both parties intend to start operations during Q2 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
At the time , the cases bore eerie resemblances to each other .
`` There have been a series of very similar murders in Toronto in which gay men have been tied up , brutally beaten and killed , '' reads an October 1978 issue of The Body Politic , a now-defunct LGBT magazine .
For the solved murders , police found motives of robbery , fights over payment for sex and violent assault , according to TBP .
But in the cold cases , the community continued to wonder what happened to those men , with a February 1979 issue of TBPpositing : `` Could they have been committed by one man ? The police are n't saying . But the crimes do show a certain similarity . ''
Robin Rowland , an author and former journalist now based in British Columbia , said it was the high-profile murder of bar owner Alexander `` Sandy '' Romeo LeBlanc in 1978 that tapped into this fear in the burgeoning Village community .
`` If you went to the bars , you very seldom saw the cops . After that one murder , you would see the uniforms from 52 Division doing walk-throughs through the bars , '' he said .
Rowland , who was in his early 20s at the time , said he was just coming out in the gay community at the height of these murders . At that time , the suspected serial killer had been dubbed the `` Mad Stabber . ''
A homicide detective identified as Inspector Hobson told The Body Politic that several of the dead men had `` a common denominator : the victim was last seen at the St. Charles Tavern , and met his murderer there . Beyond that we can not say if there is a connection . ''
To improve safety , gay men were encouraged to introduce their dates to friends and communication channels were slowly opening up with police to assist in the investigation .
However , sporadic bathhouse raids in the late 1970s , culminating in the 1981 raids and mass arrests , put a massive wedge between police and the community at a delicate time when investigators were searching for answers to murder cases .
`` All the co-operation that the homicide cops were trying to get with the community , it just shut it down , '' Rowland said .
Here is a summary of the murders , based on Toronto Police Cold Case files , Toronto Stararchives and two TPB reports , one written by an unnamed author and the other by now-deceased journalist Robin Hardy .
Feb. 18 , 1975 : Police attended the apartment of Arthur Harold Walkley , 52 , in response to a 911 call at 3:50 a.m. that day . His roommate discovered his naked body , stabbed several times in the back and chest , though no knife was ever recovered by police . His wallets and credit cards were stolen during the attack . Walkley , a part-time University of Toronto lecturer , died shortly after arriving in hospital .
Dec. 20 , 1975 : Frederick John Fontaine was 32 when he died . Fontaine was found in the washroom of the St. Charles Tavern , a former bar with a landmark clock tower , popular in the early days of Toronto 's Gay Village . Officers attended the scene about 9 p.m. , and found the CBC technician suffering from blunt force trauma . He died several months later in hospital , on July 15 , 1976 .
Feb. 11 , 1976 : Forty-two-year-old painter and decorator James Douglas Taylor was found beaten with a baseball bat in his North York apartment . He was also robbed . Neighbours told police at the time that a pickup truck was seen at the house , where he lived alone .
Sept. 20 , 1976 : Police discovered the body of James Stewart Kennedy , a federal income tax employee , at 8 a.m. on a Monday . The 59-year-old was strangled with a bath towel and suffering from blunt force trauma in his Jarvis St. apartment . He was dead by the time police arrived .
Jan. 25 , 1977 : Described in some media coverage as `` shy and new on the gay scene , '' 25-year-old Brian Dana Latocki , a financial bank analyst , was found tied to a bed in his apartment , strangled , and stabbed to death . The night before he was killed , he was last seen leaving the St. Charles Tavern .
July 28 , 1977 : At 11 a.m. , police responded to a 911 call for an apartment near George and Gerrard Sts . There , they found 23-year-old Randall Frederick Chidwick stabbed to death .
Sept. 20 , 1978 : Perhaps one of the most high-profile deaths was of club owner Alexander `` Sandy '' Romeo LeBlanc , 29 . He was found at 7:20 p.m. , stabbed more than 100 times from head to foot . `` As police walked around the body , the carpet squished from the sound of absorbed blood , and bloody footprints led to an open window , '' Robin Hardy wrote in 1979 . Despite attempts to resuscitate him , LeBlanc was pronounced dead at the scene .
Nov. 28 , 1978 : Just after 2 p.m. that day , police responded to a `` check address '' call for a resident near Bathurst St. and St. Clair Ave . Inside an apartment , they found William Duncan Robinson , 25 , dead from stab wounds . His sister made the call to police after he did n't show up to work for two days . At the time , police believed he may have gone to a gay bar in the Yonge and College Sts . area , and returned home with the killer . A neighbour reported hearing a `` strange hollow sound '' coming from his apartment .
Toronto Star
KIEV , April 10 Ukrainian Central Bank Governor Valeria Gontareva said on Monday resistance to reforms will increase after her resignation but the central bank should stay independent and out of politics .
She also said that continued cooperation with the International Monetary Fund would ensure Ukraine can continue to pay off its state debt for the next three years without affecting the currency market or financial stability .
Gontareva announced her resignation Monday . Her departure will deprive Ukraine of a tough reformer capable of taking on vested interests at a time when the country is recovering from a deep recession . ( Reporting by Natalia Zinets ; Writing by Matthias Williams ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
On Dec. 12 , hundreds of Islamists protested outside Facebook 's headquarters in Jakarta , accusing the social media giant of discrimination for blocking pages operated by hardline groups that allegedly inflame religious tensions .
The protesters , many dressed in white and including members of the extremist Islamic Defenders Front ( FPI ) , marched to Facebook 's offices demanding that they remove the blockage , accusing Facebook of Islamophobia in posters they carried and waved .
In December last year , a photo showing a piece of an agreement paper signed by several heads of local neighborhood Muslim units in Tangerang district purportedly listing several “ Do 's and Don'ts for Non-Muslims ” went viral through Facebook this week , steering yet another brouhaha through Indonesia 's netizens .
Among other things , according to the signed agreement paper , non-Muslim religious groups should be barred from having congregations at home , not allowed to invite preachers , and must bury their deceased within 24 hours , a teaching that is close to Islamic traditions .
Within hours however , the outrage over social media was “ answered ” by higher authorities who amended the agreement , saying it had not been “ discussed , or approved ” by them in its original form .
These scenes of various provocations and propaganda based on religion seem to be pouring straight through Indonesia 's political atmosphere after a tough presidential election in 2014 that delivered Joko Widodo , a Muslim moderate , to the presidency . Throughout the campaign , religious and ideological sentiments were used against him by supporters of his opponent , millionaire businessman Prabowo Subianto , a former Special Forces general and onetime son-in-law of the late strongman Suharto .
These same religious and ideological sentiments intensified against Basuki Tahaja Purnama , an ethnic Chinese Christian universally known as “ Ahok ” during the gubernatorial election in February , which political experts describe as “ the rise of Islamization in Indonesia . ”
Ahok 's election campaign galvanized the country 's conservative base , with some religious groups preaching that Muslims should n't vote for “ non-believers. ” He was mischaracterized during a speech as having blasphemed the Quran , a charge that was widely disseminated prior to the election and played a major role in his defeat by Anais Baswedan , an ethnic Indonesian and Muslim even though he was considered arguably Jakarta 's most effective governor by far .
Months after the election , police arrested three leaders of an organized fake news syndicate known as Saracen that poured hundreds of thousands of bogus hacks onto the Internet , inflaming public opinion against Ahok , who was jailed after the election on the blasphemy charges . Worldwide human rights organizations have objected to Ahok 's imprisonment , calling it a political travesty .
According to research by the Wahid Institute , a moderate research center on Islam , in mid- 2017 , as many as 11 million people are willing to take radical action . The data is based on survey results on radicalism and intolerance by the agency . The survey was conducted with 1,520 respondents using multi stage random sampling . As many as 0.4 percent of Indonesia 's population had committed what they called “ radical ” acts , while 7.7 percent said they would act radically if possible .
“ That means 600,000 people have acted radically and 11 million people want to , including residents of Jakarta and Bali , ” said Jenny Zannuba Wahid , director of the Wahid Institute , who explained that economic disparities and hate-filled lectures are responsible for the development of radicalism in Indonesia .
Unfortunately , many political observers believe that the use of religion-based identities will continue during simultaneous regional elections this year as well as the 2019 presidential election , where Jokowi , as the president is known , will seek re-election .
This perception is fueled by the fact that Jokowi 's administration seems to be “ waging war ” against radicals , religious critics say . That perception has grown after he decided to disband the Hizbut Tahrir Indonesia ( HTI ) last year . HTI has been open about wanting to establish a “ Khilafah ” – a caliphate or Islamic state under former President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono . That has gained ground with the state originally turning a blind eye to their open movement .
However , in mid-2017 , the government decided to disband them for conducting activities that contradict the state ideology Pancasila , which counsels five principles of moderation , as well as the principle of a unitary state of the republic of Indonesia .
The Law and Human Rights Ministry officially revoked HTI 's status as a legal entity on following the issuance of a regulation in lieu of law ( Preppy ) on mass organizations . It was the first group to be disbanded under the controversial regulation , which grants the government the power to disband any groups it deems to be anti-Pancasila .
The Perppu has sparked concerns over potential violations of the right to assemble as it grants the government the power to disband mass groups without due process .
The head of the State Intelligence Agency , General Budi Gunawan , described Hizbut Tahrir Indonesia as a transnational organization that aims to replace the state of Indonesia in a written statement , an apparent reference to its similarity to the Islamic State , which sought to establish a caliphate in the Levant and was defeated by Russian , American , Syrian and Iraqi forces . It has since been disbanded and its brutal adherents have fled back toward their home countries .
The Ministry of Home Affairs has issued a radiogram after the dissolution of HTI by the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights , warning Indonesians to be aware of the possibility of violent activities carried out by former HTI members and their supporters . Local officials are also required to ban all activities that HTI may undertake .
MOSCOW There was an explosion in the southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don early on Thursday , and one person was hurt , a law enforcement source told TASS news agency .
REN-TV cited witnesses as saying that the explosion happened near a school on Sadovaya Street and that a maintenance worker was injured in the blast .
( Reporting by Anton Kolodyazhnyy ; Writing by Alexander Winning , editing by Sujata Rao )
Ponoka RCMP hope to unite a couple with their lost wedding DVD
The DVD was found in a ditch and is from July 23 , 2005 where the couple were married in a hospital
CEDAR CITY , Utah — Brandon Better and Dwayne Morgan combined to score 31 points as Southern Utah rallied late and then held off Idaho State 84-80 to halt a three-game skid in Big Sky Conference play on Saturday afternoon .
Trailing 64-53 , Morgan scored seven straight points to spark a 19-4 run , capped by Morgan 's two free throws for a 72-68 lead with 5:05 left . The Thunderbirds pushed their advantage to 79-72 as they held Idaho State to just four points over seven minutes .
Idaho State 's Brandon Boyd made three consecutive free throws , Jared Stutzman nailed a 3 and Boyd followed with a layup to close to 82-80 with 12 seconds left . Better was fouled and made both free throws to seal the victory as Southern Utah made 11 free throws down the stretch .
Better had 16 points , hitting four from distance , and Morgan added 15 points . Jamal Aytes and Christian Musoko had 12 points apiece for Southern Utah ( 9-13 , 3-8 ) .
FILE PHOTO : FILE PHOTO - A sign adorns the building where mining company BHP Billiton has their office in Perth , Western Australia , November 19 , 2015 . REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
LONDON/SYDNEY Activist hedge fund Elliott Advisors on Tuesday urged BHP Billiton to reconsider its plan to restructure the company , saying it should be discussed with other investors .
U.S.-based Elliott on Monday said it had written to BHP with a plan to spin off its U.S. oil arm , return more cash to investors and ditch its dual corporate structure , but BHP said the costs outweighed any benefits , adding it would consider a more detailed response in due course .
Elliott said on Tuesday BHP had been too quick to reject the proposal and should instead think again .
`` ( We ) struggle to understand the dismissive and premature nature of their response , especially given the considerable detail provided in our published material , '' Elliott said in a statement .
Elliott says it holds a `` long economic interest '' of about 4.1 percent of issued shares in London-listed BHP Billiton Plc , without specifying the instruments used to build the stake . It also says it has rights with its affiliates to acquire up to 0.4 percent of the issued shares in Sydney-listed BHP Billiton Ltd .
It said it had considered earlier meetings with BHP 's management to be `` constructive '' and that the company should broaden the discussion to include all shareholders .
`` Given the plan 's potential to unlock up to $ 46 billion in value , we and no doubt other shareholders of BHP look forward to management providing a more thorough and reasoned assessment of the plan . ''
Brenton Saunders , portfolio manager for funds manger BT Investment Management in Sydney , said the proposed changes to the firm 's corporate structure would not be cost-effective and potentially benefit London investors over those in Australia .
Saunders said he did support the idea of selling BHP 's onshore U.S. oil assets , but that while the approach from Elliott would spur management to reassess their strategy , the hedge fund was unlikely to be able to force its plan through .
`` This is n't a shareholder that has 30-40 percent and can hold things notionally over the company . They are a significant minority at best . ''
With any pressure likely to take some time to build , several London-based hedge funds spoken to by Reuters said they were steering clear for now .
`` I think it 's tough for Elliott , '' said one . `` BHP has looked at this quite a few times and they are not keen to do it , '' citing issues around tax , regulation and governance .
`` I do n't think it 's impossible but I think it 's not going to be easy . ''
Earlier on Tuesday , the Australian government said any major changes to the way the company is structured would need to meet a `` national interest '' test .
( Writing by Simon Jessop , editing by David Evans )
CHANDLER , Ariz. | An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets , according to court documents .
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig , according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix . It says Haig did n't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition .
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people . Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct .
FILE-In this Oct. 16 , 2017 , file photo , ,photos and notes adorn a wall at the Las Vegas Community Healing Garden in Las Vegas . The garden was built as a memorial for the victims of the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas . Two Nevada judges in Las Vegas have ordered the release of search warrant records and autopsy reports related to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history , with some information redacted . ( AP Photo/John Locher , file ) FILE - This October , 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report shows the kitchenette in the hotel room of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock 's 32nd floor room of the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas , an image released as part of a preliminary report by Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo on Friday , Jan. 19 , 2018 , in Las Vegas . The name of a man identified in court documents as a person of interest in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was publicly revealed because of a court error . Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish said Tuesday , Jan. 30 , 2018 , that her staff failed to black out the name in nearly 300 pages of documents released to news organizations including The Associated Press and Las Vegas Review-Journal . ( Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP , File ) Douglas Haig takes questions from reporters at a news conference Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Chandler , Ariz. Haig spoke about his experience selling ammunition to the gunman who killed 58 people and injured hundreds more in the Oct. 1 , 2017 , in Las Vegas shooting , the deadliest in modern U.S. history . Haig , a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years , said he met Stephen Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people and injured hundreds more . Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded . It 's unknown whether the ammunition he sold to Paddock was used in the attack . ( AP Photo/Brian Skoloff )
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets .
The documents do n't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack . Las Vegas police would n't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition .
Haig , a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years , was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where he said he did n't notice anything suspicious when he sold the tracer rounds to Paddock .
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at his home in suburban Phoenix , Paddock went to his car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig , the complaint said .
“ I had no contribution to what Paddock did , ” Haig told reporters earlier Friday , adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought . “ I had no way to see into his mind . ”
A phone message left for Haig 's attorney , Marc Victor , was n't immediately returned .
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock 's hotel room with Haig 's fingerprints had an “ incendiary capsule ” on their noses , the documents said . A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig 's backyard workshop , according to the complaint .
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig 's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition .
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States , including Nevada , Texas , Virginia , Wyoming and South Carolina .
He appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition he not possesses guns or ammunition . If convicted , he could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $ 250,000 .
Haig and his business partner , whose name was n't provided , sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show , according to the complaint .
The next month , Haig said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that he was well-dressed and polite .
He did n't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking , so Paddock contacted him several days later and lined up a sale at Haig 's home .
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded .
Haig 's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a “ person of interest ” in the investigation . Haig 's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents .
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators do n't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when he sold ammunition to Paddock . The official was n't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below .
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale .
Haig said Paddock told him that “ he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show , either with or for his friends . I ca n't remember whether he used the word ‘ with ' or ‘ for . ' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends . ”
Haig , who has closed his ammunition business , said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released .
The FBI did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney 's office in Las Vegas , which declined to comment .
Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and Regina Garcia Cano in Las Vegas contributed to this report .
Follow Jacques Billeaud at www.twitter.com/jacquesbilleaud . His work can be found at https : //www.apnews.com/search/jacques % 20billeaud .
Ethiopia 's new prime minister meets with humanoid robot
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Elias Meseret , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 In this photo of Monday July 2 , 2018 , Getnet Assefa , the Founder and CEO of iCog Labs is photographed with humanoid robot Sophia at the Ethiopian National Museum in Addis Ababa . The robot , made in Hong Kong by Hanson Robotics , is fitted with software in part developed by Ethiopians and has been programmed to speak the country 's official language , Amharic , in addition to English . less In this photo of Monday July 2 , 2018 , Getnet Assefa , the Founder and CEO of iCog Labs is photographed with humanoid robot Sophia at the Ethiopian National Museum in Addis Ababa . The robot , made in Hong Kong by ... more Photo : Elias Meseret , AP Image 2 of 4 In this photo of Monday July 2 , 2018 , humanoid robot Sophia is photographed at the Ethiopian National Museum in Addis Ababa . The robot , made in Hong Kong by Hanson Robotics , is fitted with software in part developed by Ethiopians and has been programmed to speak the country 's official language , Amharic , in addition to English . less In this photo of Monday July 2 , 2018 , humanoid robot Sophia is photographed at the Ethiopian National Museum in Addis Ababa . The robot , made in Hong Kong by Hanson Robotics , is fitted with software in part ... more Photo : Elias Meseret , AP Image 3 of 4 In this photo of Monday July 2 , 2018 , Tesfa Yohannes , a Chief Technology Officer with iCog Labs , is photographed with humanoid robot Sophia at the Ethiopian National Museum . The robot , made in Hong Kong by Hanson Robotics , is fitted with software in part developed by Ethiopians and has been programmed to speak the country 's official language , Amharic , in addition to English . less In this photo of Monday July 2 , 2018 , Tesfa Yohannes , a Chief Technology Officer with iCog Labs , is photographed with humanoid robot Sophia at the Ethiopian National Museum . The robot , made in Hong Kong by ... more Photo : Elias Meseret , AP Image 4 of 4 Ethiopias new prime minister meets with humanoid robot 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia ( AP ) — In one of the world 's more unusual diplomatic encounters , Ethiopia 's new prime minister has met with a humanoid robot .
The chief of staff for Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has shared online a photo of Monday 's meeting with Sophia , who has gained global attention for using facial and speech recognition to help engage in conversation .
The robot , made in Hong Kong by Hanson Robotics , is fitted with software in part developed by Ethiopians and has been programmed to speak the country 's official language , Amharic , as well as English .
`` We need to maximize the benefit of this technology and also prepare to deal with its downsides , '' the prime minister said .
The robot came to the East African country for an information technology expo .
BRDO PRI KRANJU , Slovenia ( Reuters ) - The euro zone 's bailout fund could in the future be at the centre of any restructuring of sovereign debt in the single currency area as part of reforms of the way the zone functions , the head of the fund said on Friday .
The main task of the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM ) now is to lend cash to governments that have been cut off from markets in exchange for reforms that put their economies back on track . It has helped Greece , Ireland , Portugal , Spain and Cyprus over the past few years .
The euro zone currently does not have any pre-defined debt restructuring rules to deal with a situation in which a government loses market access and has had to improvise on a case-by-case basis to crises .
This is partly because until the euro zone 's sovereign debt crisis erupted in 2010 , in Greece , the government bonds of all its member states were considered equally safe and a default on debt was not considered .
During the Greek crisis , private investors had to accept the loss of half the value of the Greek bonds they held - the largest in the history of sovereign defaults and the first in the euro zone .
“ The ESM could play a role in containing risks if member states were to define a Sovereign Debt Restructuring Framework to make settlements with private creditors more effective and transparent , ” the fund 's chief Klaus Regling said in a speech .
AUTOMATIC RESTRUCTURING
Germany has proposed that a euro zone country that lost market access would have to restructure its debt automatically , for instance by extending maturities , to secure an ESM bailout . This would echo the principle of the International Monetary Fund that the IMF does not lend to countries with unsustainable debt . But others in the euro zone are wary of any automaticity .
“ The ( restructuring ) framework should , in my opinion , not contain any automatic extension of maturities , while ‘ Collective Action Clauses ' could be improved to prevent lengthy hold-out battles , ” Regling told a seminar in Slovenia .
Collective action clauses help to prevent a situation where a small group of investors blocks a debt restructuring for all others because they demand better terms . After the Greek crisis , the euro zone introduced such clauses to all its newly issued bonds to help facilitate debt restructuring .
“ If Europe were to agree to introduce such a framework , the ESM could provide the debt sustainability analysis , and help to organise negotiations between creditors and the debtor , with the aim of a fair solution for all stakeholders , ” Regling said .
The Greek crisis erupted because European Union fiscal rules that set limits on government borrowing were ignored .
Germany and several other northern European countries believe that creating a proper framework for sovereign debt restructuring in the euro zone would help improve government fiscal discipline through market pressure .
However , some southern euro zone countries with high debt , such as Italy , are strongly opposed , fearing such discussions may lead to markets selling off the bonds of economically weaker countries and triggering another crisis .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LONDON May 3 British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday accused European politicians and officials of seeking to affect the outcome of next month 's national election .
Speaking in front of her Downing Street office after visiting Queen Elizabeth to mark the dissolution of parliament , the formal start of the election campaign , May said there were some in Brussels who did not want to see Brexit talks succeed .
Over the weekend a German newspaper gave a damning account of talks last week between May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker , reporting that he had told May during a dinner at Downing Street last week that Brexit could not be a success .
`` In the last few days we have seen just how tough these talks are likely to be . Britain 's negotiating position in Europe has been misrepresented in the continental press , the European Commission 's negotiating stance has hardened , threats against Britain have been issued by European politicians and officials , '' she said .
`` All of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election . '' ( Reporting by Kylie MacLellan and William James , editing by Estelle Shirbon )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
BUDAPEST Hungary must ensure that its new policy of detaining migrants on its border does not break EU rules on protecting people in need of asylum , the European Commission said on Tuesday as the legislation came into force .
The European Commissioner in charge of migration issues said the government has agreed to work with EU experts regarding the legislation under which migrants will be held in camps while their asylum requests are processed .
`` In a very friendly spirit of positive cooperation we decided to work together through our experts and ensure that EU rules also are complied with , '' Dimitris Avramopoulos told a news conference after his meeting in Budapest .
`` The European principles have been jointly and unanimously agreed by all member states and should therefore be respected and implemented by everyone too . ''
The U.N. refugee agency UNHCR has said Hungary will be breaking international and EU law if it detains children . The law means anyone above the age of 14 will be held in shipping containers on the border .
Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday that the law would force all migrants `` to go through an unfair fast track procedure while detained in a transit zone . ''
Avramopoulos urged Hungary to ensure asylum requests are processed fairly .
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has called mass migration a threat to Europe 's socioeconomic make up and a `` Trojan horse for terrorism '' .
Hungary has placed 324 shipping containers at the two transit zones on Hungary 's border with Serbia to house migrants while their asylum requests are processed , the Interior Ministry said , adding that they would get three meals a day and access to healthcare .
`` The aim of the tightening is that migrants whose status is unclear should not freely move around in the territory of the country and thus the EU , which should reduce the security risk , '' it said .
Unaccompanied children under the age 14 will be allowed to enter Hungary and will be placed in childcare institutions , the ministry said .
( Editing by Robin Pomeroy )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY , Va. -- Police identified the man killed Sunday night on Brook Road as 46-year-old Charles L. Rogers , of Henrico County .
`` A vehicle traveling northbound on Brook Road struck [ Rogers ] and stopped at the scene . Shortly afterward , a second vehicle struck [ Rogers ] and did not stop . [ Rogers ] was pronounced deceased at the scene , '' a Henrico Police spokesperson said . `` Investigators are still attempting to identify the second vehicle that struck Mr. Rogers and left the scene . It is described as a white work-style van with a silver bumper . ''
The incident was reported at about 9:30 Sunday night on Brook Road near Hilliard Road .
Witnesses can send news tips and photos here . Anyone with information was asked to call Henrico Police at 804-501-5000 or Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000 .
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker 's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident , that was caught on camera , took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu , near Hastings , in July 2015 .
BRASILIA , April 6 The Brazilian government sees chances of intervention in debt-laden telephone operator Oi SA increasing as time passes , Communications Minister Gilberto Kassab said on Thursday .
Kassab added that a decree allowing intervention in Oi may be published shortly , either this week or in the weeks to come . Oi said on March 31 that the company is working to guarantee the sustainability of its business , adding that results have shown the carrier 's `` viability and operational strength . '' ( Reporting by Marcelo Ayres ; Writing by Ana Mano ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
March 28 Genel Energy , one of a handful of foreign oil producers in Iraqi Kurdistan , slashed its reserves estimate for Taq Taq , its largest operational field , by about 66 percent and suspended its 2017 gross average production forecast for the field .
The company said it expected to book an impairment against the carrying value of its holding in the Taq Taq field by $ 181 million in its 2016 accounts , blaming significant uncertainties around the oil reserves in the field .
Genel estimated that Taq Taq had gross reserves of 59 million barrels of oil as of Feb. 28 , down from the 172 million it had estimated in Dec. 31 , 2015 .
`` Reduction in reserve estimates for Taq Taq is a consequence of a reassessment of the gross rock volume above the oil water contact and fracture porosity in the undrained cretaceous Shiranish reservoir , '' Genel said . ( Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru , editing by Louise Heavens )
BERLIN , April 12 German Chancellor Angela Merkel was appalled by the attack on a bus carrying players from soccer club Borussia Dortmund ( BVB ) on Tuesday , her spokesman said on Wednesday .
`` The chancellor was last night , like people in Dortmund , like millions everywhere , appalled by the attack on the BVB team bus , '' spokesman said Steffen Seibert told a government news conference .
`` One can only be relieved that the consequences were not worse , '' he said , praising Dortmund fans for lodging AS Monaco fans after their Champions League match was postponed until Wednesday evening .
Seibert added that investigators were doing everything in their power to track down the perpetrator , or perpetrators . ( Reporting by Joseph Nasr and Paul Carrel )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily Pick 4 ' game
MADISON , Wis. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Wisconsin Lottery 's `` Daily Pick 4 '' game were :
3-6-6-4
( three , six , six , four )
¶ Maximum prize : $ 500
Watch : 6 year old Everett Botright loves Kraft Dinner Star Wars Mac and Cheese . Dean Stoltz reports
6 year old Everett Botright loves Kraft Dinner Star Wars Mac and Cheese .
It is his favorite meal , but he 's now running low and he and his family are seriously concerned about it .
But this is n't a simple case of a child 's pickiness .
Everett has Autism Spectrum Disorder and parents of children with ASD know the struggles all to well .
Their boys and girls restrict or have ritualistic behaviors around the food they eat , so much so that it can result in nutritional deficiencies that lead to weight loss , malnutrition and inadequate growth .
His father , Reed Botright said , “ We purchased things with brands and what not that he might like , taken it home and because of taste , texture , smell , sensory issues he did n't like it . He tried it , taste it and no it was not going to work . ”
Then recently on a shopping trip to Walmart Everett spotted the Star Wars Mac and cheese and said he wanted it .
Everett is a big Star Wars fan .
His father said , “ He loves , I think the marketing really helped , he saw R2D2 , he 's a big BB8 fan and he gravitated towards that and he remembers having Kraft Dinner so he said I want to eat that so we were like whoa , he never does that , we grabbed as many as we could . ”
But , the Star Wars Mac and Cheese was only a limited run product and it soon ran out on store shelves .
That 's when Reed went to social media and soon people were showing up at his doorstep with Mac and Cheese .
“ People have also really shared their stories on my wall on that post about how they 've had children with issues with eating and now they 've had to deal with autism. ” said Botright .
He understands his son 's tastes could change on a dime , but for now he just wants to keep enough of this in the house .
GENEVA Victims of a suspected chemical attack in Syria appeared to show symptoms consistent with reaction to a nerve agent , the World Health Organization said on Wednesday .
`` Some cases appear to show additional signs consistent with exposure to organophosphorus chemicals , a category of chemicals that includes nerve agents , '' WHO said in a statement , putting the death toll at atleast 70 .
The United States has said the deaths were caused by sarin nerve gas dropped by Syrian aircraft . Russia has said it believes poison gas had leaked from a rebel chemical weapons depot struck by Syrian bombs .
Sarin is an organophosporus compound and a nerve agent . Chlorine and mustard gas , which are also believed to have been used in the past in Syria , are not .
A Russian Defence Ministry spokesman did not say what agent was used in the attack but said the rebels had used the same chemical weapons in Aleppo last year .
The WHO said it was likely that some kind of chemical was used in the attack because sufferers had no apparent external injuries and died from a rapid onset of similar symptoms , including acute respiratory distress .
It said its experts in Turkey were giving guidance to overwhelmed health workers in Idlib on the diagnosis and treatment of patients , and medicines such as Atropine , an antidote for some types of chemical exposure , and steroids for symptomatic treatment had been sent .
A U.N. Commission of Inquiry into human rights in Syria has previously said forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad have used lethal chlorine gas on multiple occasions .
Hundreds of civilians died in a sarin gas attack in Ghouta on the outskirts of Damascus in August 2013 . Assad 's government has always denied responsibility for that attack .
Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Moscow and Washington . But Russia , a Syrian ally , and China have repeatedly vetoed any United Nations move to sanction Assad or refer the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court .
`` These types of weapons are banned by international law because they represent an intolerable barbarism , ” Peter Salama , Executive Director of the WHO Health Emergencies Programme , said in the WHO statement .
( Reporting by Tom Miles ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list .
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicola Maduro .
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list .
It 's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government .
Earlier this month , Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic .
On Tuesday , a three-member panel of experts , including Canadian Irwin Cotler , told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro 's administration have committed crimes against humanity .
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela .
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada 's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the `` fraudulent '' presidential elections .
`` Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful , democratic and prosperous future , '' she said in a statement .
Under Maduro , the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed , inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country .
Rugby-Rebels coach McGahan to depart at end of season
MELBOURNE , June 15 Melbourne Rebels coach Tony McGahan will finish his tenure at the end of the season , the struggling Super Rugby team said on Thursday , a decision which both parties said was `` in the best interests '' of the club .
( Repeats story published March 29 to additional clients , no change to text )
By Alexander Cornwell
DUBAI , March 29 Vice Media is bringing its edgy style of journalism to the Middle East to tap what it believes is an underserved market of young , digital hungry consumers .
Vice announced its arrival with a party on Wednesday at the glitzy Armani Hotel in the world 's tallest tower , the Burj Khalifa , in Dubai , the global trade hub where the New York-based company will set up its regional headquarters .
Vice reckons the region 's youthful population coupled with some of the highest smartphone penetration rates in the world in countries such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates make it an ideal market to expand into .
`` That 's just a tremendous opportunity and we think that this is the time that we come in and steal a lot of market share , '' Vice Co-Founder and Chief Executive Shane Smith told Reuters in an interview in Dubai on Wednesday .
Vice , which is aiming for 50 staff in Dubai by the end of the year , will launch a website and digital channel this summer and is in active discussions about a 24-hour regional cable channel to be broadcast from the emirate .
It will produce news and lifestyle content in multiple languages including Arabic , English , Farsi , Turkish and Urdu .
Vice has documented migrant worker abuses in Dubai , won acclaim for a documentary while embedded with Islamic State and garnered widespread attention when it took former National Basketball Association star Dennis Rodman to North Korea .
`` We 're always going to be looking at social justice , we 're always going to be looking at environmental justice , we 're always going to be looking at being on the right side of history , especially with millennials and our audience , '' Smith said .
Vice is likely to run into the same obstacles it has faced elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa , `` where journalists are most subjected to constraints of every kind '' , according to global media watchdog Reporters Without Borders .
Worth $ 4.2 billion at its last valuation , Vice has transformed in 23 years from a punk magazine in Montreal , Canada , into a global multimedia brand .
Its regional partner is Afghan media company Moby Group , whose Dubai offices are a few kilometres ( miles ) from the Trump International Golf Club which featured in a 2016 VICE episode on U.S. cable channel HBO about migrant worker exploitation .
Vice and Moby share a common shareholder in 21st Century Fox and the Afghan company holds a license from the U.S. Treasury 's OFAC allowing it to expand into Iran - a market Vice wants to tap . ( Editing by David Clarke )
AUCKLAND Lock Mark Abbott scored his second try of the match with seven minutes remaining to give the Wellington Hurricanes a 28-24 victory over the Auckland Blues in a scrappy , error-ridden game at Eden Park on Saturday .
Abbott , inside centre Ngani Laumape and flyhalf Beauden Barrett crossed in the first half for the visitors while fullback Jordie Barrett slotted four conversions .
Scrumhalf Augustine Pulu , winger Melani Nanai and lock Scott Scrafton all scored tries for the home side with Piers Francis adding two conversions while replacement flyhalf Bryn Gatland added a penalty and conversion .
The Hurricanes , who had been sublime in the first half against the New South Wales Waratahs last week , looked muddled on Saturday , had their potent running game shut down and lived off the Blues ' errors .
While Hurricanes coach Chris Boyd might be pleased with the win , he will be concerned around his flyhalf 's disciplinary record after Barrett received a first half yellow card for a deliberate knockdown while on defence .
The 25-year-old was sent off last week against the Waratahs after he received two yellow cards for the same offence .
A disciplinary hearing earlier this week decided not to impose any other sanction , though they may take a more dim outlook should he appear before them again .
Barrett , however , had demonstrated how important he was to the Hurricanes attack , setting up first-half tries for Abbot and Laumape , with his pace getting him behind the Blues defence .
He then crossed for his own try when Sonny Bill Williams dropped the ball in midfield and the flyhalf pounced to run 45 metres untouched .
While Pulu and Nanai finished off two of the Blues ' try-scoring chances in the first half , the home side blew several more opportunities that could have put them in control of the game .
The wastefulness of both sides continued in the second half with the only points for the first 25 minutes a penalty to debutant Gatland , the son of British and Irish Lions coach Warren .
Scrafton then barrelled over to give the Blues a 24-22 lead with 15 minutes remaining before Barrett again exploited some space behind the line to launch another counter attack that sparked 16 phases of play and ended with Abbott crossing in the corner .
( Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington ; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly )
Miles Teller to play Goose 's son in 'Top Gun ' sequel
Photo : Brent N. Clarke , Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In a Oct. 25 , 2017 file photo , actor Miles Teller attends a special screening of `` Thank You for Your Service '' at The Landmark at 57 West in New York . Teller was announced Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , as the co-star opposite Tom Cruise in the sequal “ Top Gun : Maverick. ” He 'll be playing the son the of Maverick 's wingman . Goose was played by Anthony Edwards in the 1986 original . ( Photo by Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP , File ) less FILE - In a Oct. 25 , 2017 file photo , actor Miles Teller attends a special screening of `` Thank You for Your Service '' at The Landmark at 57 West in New York . Teller was announced Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , as the ... more Photo : Brent N. Clarke , Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP Miles Teller to play Goose 's son in 'Top Gun ' sequel 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Miles Teller has been cast as the son of Goose in the long-planned sequel to `` Top Gun . ''
Teller was announced Tuesday as the co-star opposite Tom Cruise in `` Top Gun : Maverick . '' He 'll be playing the son the of Maverick 's wingman . Goose was played by Anthony Edwards in the 1986 original .
The film , which will also returns Val Kilmer as Iceman , is scheduled to be released by Paramount Pictures in July 2019 . Directing is Joe Kosinski , who helmed `` Oblivion , '' also with Cruise .
Actors Glen Powell and Nicholas Hoult had been up for the much sought-after part , but Teller won out .
The 31-year-old actor celebrated on Twitter with the first half of a famous quote from `` Top Gun '' : `` I feel the need ... ''
DOCOMO Digital has partnered with Spain 's most popular mobile ticket app to allow customers on the country 's three biggest carriers to buy parking tickets using direct carrier billing . This is said to be a first for Europe .
The service is available for all smartphone devices running either iOS and Android devices . Users just download the e-Park app from the App Store to configure their account . All three of the largest Spanish operators — Movistar , Vodafone and Orange — are connected to this new DOCOMO Digital service .
Mobile operator billing allows customers to charge the cost of digital and physical goods and services directly to their mobile device bill . Mobile Operator Billing also has many security benefits given confidential payment card details are not shared between the consumer , operator and merchant .
Fernando González-Mesones , COO of DOCOMO Digital , commented : “ DOCOMO Digital is becoming the leading digital payment partner for large merchants , such as Google Play in 32 countries , Vice in Japan , and now we are proud to be the payment partner for e-park in Spain . The Mobile Operator Billing services we are launching for a number of services , specifically transport , are making Spain one of the leading countries in terms of smart-city innovation .
“ Our mission is to provide value both for companies and users to ensure more and more people , no matter what payment methods they use , are able to access the many advantages e-commerce and m-commerce brings . ”
Consumers are increasingly using smartphones as their primary mechanism for access and payment of goods and services . The size of the opportunity for Mobile Operator Billing alone , as Ovum predicts is USD 180 billion in revenue which mobile network operators can unlock by working together .
2016 was a banner year for growing mobile commerce , with 35 % of all online purchases coming from a mobile device in Q2 , marking 17 % year-over-year ( YoY ) growth . We are expecting the growth of mobile commerce to increase rapidly as more and more retailer provide consumers with safe , simple and secure forms of alternative payments which removes friction from purchase experience .
Jaime López de Aguilar , executive president of e-park , said : “ In the coming years we will see great changes in the mobility field . With over 30 years of experience in the parking sector , we pride ourselves on developing innovative solutions for consumers . The possibility to pay by mobile is a key feature of our business and once again we are pioneering by introducing direct carrier billing to pay for parking . ”
e-Park has become Spain 's leading mobile service for parking , starting from July , 2013 . Over half a million customers have downloaded the free app for free on their smartphones . Annually e-Park manages 12.5 million tickets and over 5 million bank transactions across 13 Spanish cities where the app is available . e-Park also offers services to help customers to avoid fees and enjoy better control of their parking needs .
Comment on this article below or via Twitter : @ VanillaPlus OR @ jcvplus
Hamilton 's airport management group is looking for a new CEO after the resignation of Vijay Bathija .
Ron Foxcroft , the chair of TradePort International Corp. , the company that operates the city-owned airport John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport , announced the resignation Friday , saying Bathija is `` exploring other options and we are delighted for him . ''
Bathija took over as CEO and president of TradePort in August 2016 after several years working with Air Canada , most recently as vice-president , commercial with Air Canada Leisure Group , which includes Air Canada Vacations and Air Canada Rouge .
Foxcroft said during Vijay 's tenure , Hamilton International saw a 70 per cent increase in passengers .
`` As a result , the airport is on track to welcome more than 570,000 passengers in 2017 . This service growth includes the introduction of a number of new routes and increased frequencies to destinations such as Halifax , Montreal and Vancouver , '' he said in an email .
The forecasted 570,000 passengers at the airport compares to 333,368 passengers recorded in 2016 , up from 312,839 passengers in 2015 .
`` In addition , cargo activity has also steadily increased , with 2017 set to be one of the airport 's strongest performing years , '' said Foxcroft .
Cargo was listed at 439 million kilograms in 2016 , compared to 448.1 million kilograms the year before .
`` Mr. Bathija was actively involved in raising the profile of Hamilton International through his participation in the Southern Ontario Airport Network . In addition , he used his considerable aviation industry experience to leverage the airport 's convenient location and transportation links to attract Canada 's emerging low-cost carrier market and essential air cargo traffic , '' a statement from TradePort said .
Foxcroft said Cathie Puckering will serve as acting president and CEO of TradePort until a replacement for Bathija is found .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Forum Merger Corp :
* FORUM MERGER CORPORATION ANNOUNCES TRANSFER OF LISTING TO NYSE IN CONNECTION WITH BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH CONVERGEONE
* FORUM MERGER CORP - UPON COMPLETION OF BUSINESS COMBINATION , FORUM WILL CHANGE ITS NAME TO CONVERGEONE HOLDINGS , INC Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
* Rouble has risen by over 10 pct since November
* Oil price in rouble terms retreats to Nov levels
* Russia yet to decide on oil cut extension
By Oksana Kobzeva and Vladimir Soldatkin
MOSCOW , April 13 A strong rouble is deflating Russian oil producers ' and government hopes for a revenue boost from a global deal to curb output that was designed to lift prices and reduce inventories .
The price of Russia 's flagship Urals oil blend has risen around 20 percent since OPEC and 11 other large producers , led by Russia , agreed late last year to cut production in the first half of this year .
In the same time though , the rouble has climbed by more than 10 percent versus the dollar , eroding gains for Russian oil . The Russian government 's budget revenues from oil exports also shrink when the currency strengthens .
The price of a barrel of Urals oil blend URL-NWE-E was just under 3,000 roubles per barrel on Thursday , the same level it was at the end of November . It fell to as low as 2,686 roubles on March 24 .
`` The rouble has let the ( oil ) companies down - the first-quarter results will be worse because of the strong rouble , '' Alexander Kornilov of Moscow-based Aton brokerage said .
Russian mid-sized oil company Russneft , which produces around 140,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) , said the oil price rise had not compensated its efforts to curtail output in rouble terms .
`` In comparison to the fourth quarter , the price of a barrel of oil in roubles has been almost unchanged , '' the company said in emailed comments to Reuters , adding that oil prices should be between 3,400 roubles and 3,600 roubles per barrel .
Gazprom Neft , one of Russia 's top three oil producers , said it was sticking to its plans for 2017 to extract 89.2 million tonnes of hydrocarbons ( 1.7 million bpd ) , up 3 percent year-on-year . It declined to comment on the rouble .
Rosneft and Lukoil declined to comment . Surgutneftegaz and Tatneft did not reply to Reuters requests .
The energy ministry said in emailed comments to Reuters that a price of $ 55 to $ 60 was `` absolutely comfortable '' for all oil producers . Benchmark Brent crude futures were around $ 56 a barrel on Thursday .
The ministry declined to comment on whether the strong rouble made the output cut deal less attractive for Russia .
OPEC is curbing its output by about 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months . Russia , the world 's top oil producer , and the other non-OPEC producers agreed to cut half as much . Russia 's compliance with the cuts is around 83 percent .
BUDGET WORRIES
After the pact was signed , Russian President Vladimir Putin said the federal budget could yield 1.750 trillion roubles ( $ 31 billion ) in additional revenue due higher oil prices and that companies could earn 750 billion roubles .
But if the rouble remains steady at current levels this year , the extra oil and gas revenue for government coffers would be 1 trillion roubles , according to Russian Finance Ministry calculations seen by Reuters . The finance ministry has estimated that the rouble is overvalued by 10 to 12 percent .
Energy minister Alexander Novak said on Wednesday he had received no complaints from oil companies so far and that he planned to meet producers this month .
OPEC meets on May 25 and is considering whether to extend the deal beyond June . Most members are leaning towards this if all producers , including non-OPEC ones , also agree , OPEC sources told Reuters last month .
Russia has not publicly said whether it supports extending the supply cut , but is wary about the revival of U.S. shale output due to the higher oil prices .
`` If not for the OPEC deal ... the situation could have been worse off even under a weak rouble , '' Aton brokerage 's Kornilov said .
( $ 1 = 56.9300 roubles )
( Additional reporting by Darya Korsunskaya ; Writing by Vladimir Soldatkin ; Editing by Katya Golubkova and Susan Thomas )
A police officer investigates outside a home in Toronto , Canada , where Bruce McArthur did landscape work . The burly 66-year-old landscaper , suspected of being a serial killer , went on a date with 52-year-old Peter Sgromo last April . Chris Young AP
Researchers from the Department of Electrical and Electronic Information Engineering and the Electronics-Inspired Interdisciplinary Research Institute ( EIIRIS ) at Toyohashi University of Technology have created an ultra-stretchable bioprobe using Kirigami designs .
This is an ultrastretchable 'Kirigami ' bioprobe device . The stretched device ( upper picture ) and the device placed over the biological tissue ( lower image ) . Credit : COPYRIGHT ( C ) TOYOHASHI UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
The Kirigami-based bioprobe allows the user to follow the shape of spherical and large deformable biological samples such as brain and heart tissues . Furthermore , its low strain-force characteristic minimizes the force induced on organs , thus enabling minimally invasive biological signal recording . The results of their research have been published in the December 8th issue of Advanced Healthcare Materials .
High stretchability and deformability are potential properties to boost the applications of flexible film electronics including actuators , sensors and energy harvesters . Particularly , they have significant potential for applications related to 3D soft biological samples such as tissues and organs that display large and fast changes in their surface area and volume ( for instance - a beating heart ) . However , conventional elastomer-based stretchable devices need a large strain-force to stretch it that arises from an intrinsic material feature .
This makes it difficult to follow the deformation of soft biological tissues , thus stopping natural deformation and growth . For device applications relating to soft biological samples , it is very vital to decrease the strain-force characteristic of the stretchable devices to attain low invasiveness and safe measurements .
A research team in the Department of Electrical and Electronic Information Engineering and the EIIRIS at Toyohashi University of Technology has created an ultra-stretchable bioprobe employing Kirigami designs .
To realize the ultra-stretchable bioprobe with low strain-force characteristic , we used a Kirigami design as the device pattern . The remarkable feature of Kirigami is that rigid and unstretchable materials can be rendered more stretchable compared to other elastomer-based stretchable materials . The stretching mechanism is based on an out-of-plane bending of the thin film rather than stretching of the material ; therefore , the strain-stress characteristic is extremely low compared to that of elastomer-based stretchable devices . Yusuke Morikawa , First Author of the article and Ph.D. candidate
The leader of the research team , Associate Professor Takeshi Kawano , said , `` The idea germinated in my mind one morning when I woke up and saw my son playing with Origami and Kirigami . I saw him realize high stretchability of the paper while creating the Kirigami designs . This made me wonder whether it is possible to develop stretchable electronics using the concept of Kirigami . Surprisingly , our preliminary studies on Kirigami-based parylene films by microelectromechanical systems technology exhibited high stretchability of 1,100 % . In addition , we are extremely excited that the fabricated Kirigami-based bioprobes possess the distinct advantages of high stretchability and deformability , and are capable of recording biological signals from the cortical surface and beating heart of a mouse . ''
The research team trusts that the Kirigami-based bioprobes can also be applied to probe tissues and organs that display time-dependent variations in their surface and volume because of growth or disease . This is expected to cause the ultimate realization of a totally new measurement technique that can be helpful in understanding the mechanisms controlling growth and diseases like Alzheimer 's .
A Federal Reserve police officer keeps watch while posted outside the Federal Reserve headquarters in Washington September 16 , 2015 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen attends a news conference after chairing the second day of a two-day meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee to set interest rates in Washington June 17 , 2015 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
The Federal Reserve is inconsistent in the way it monitors big banks and that lack of consistency could make it difficult to identify emerging risks across banks , according to a study by auditors at the U.S. central bank released on Monday .
Each of the 12 regional Federal Reserve Banks nationwide had different guidance for how they continuously monitored large financial institutions , the study from the Office of the Inspector General found .
In fact , monitoring standards could vary from bank examiner to bank examiner within the same team , the study said , warning on how that could make it difficult to identify emerging risks .
The report found that Fed examiners sometimes struggled with `` voluminous documentation '' connected with the monitoring , and struggled to review all the information in a timely fashion .
While extensive data collection was necessary during the financial crisis that began in 2008 , the study questioned whether the same volume is needed now that banks are on more solid footing .
Examiners said they were reluctant to reduce requests for documents and meetings for fear of missing important information . Melissa Heist , the associate inspector general for audits and evaluations at the Fed , sent the report to the central bank 's Board of Governors .
The inspector general also found that when documents were stored within the Fed , they were not efficiently organised , making it difficult for Fed examiners across the system to easily find and organise information across banks .
The report suggested the Fed adopt a framework for managing monitoring documents and improve training and review of monitoring activities to ensure their effectiveness .
Michael Gibson , director of supervision and regulation at the Fed Board of Governors , said in a March 21 letter to Mark Bialek , the Fed 's inspector general , that work was underway to address the specific recommendations .
( Reporting by Pete Schroeder ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
* Formal Brexit process begins
* Sterling under pressure
* Stocks regain footing
By Jamie McGeever
LONDON , March 29 European shares rose on Wednesday , following Wall Street 's late surge , while sterling was the biggest loser on major currency markets ahead of the formal triggering of Britain 's exit process from the European Union later in the day .
Prime Minister Theresa May will notify EU Council President Donald Tusk in a letter that Britain really is quitting the bloc it joined in 1973 , pitching the United Kingdom into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations .
The start of the formal Brexit process comes a day after the Scottish Parliament backed a bid to hold a second independence referendum that would break up the UK , adding another layer of uncertainty for investors to navigate .
`` Details are everything now . We could be in for a rough ride today as currency traders react to the contents of the letter being delivered to Brussels and the language May uses in parliament , '' said Neil Wilson , senior market analyst at ETX Capital .
`` A truly hard Brexit has not been priced into sterling . We could see it move lower still if negotiations take a sour turn , '' he said .
Sterling hit a one-week low of $ 1.2378 and was last trading down 0.5 percent against the dollar at $ 1.2390 .
Elsewhere in currencies , the euro was down a quarter of one percent at $ 1.0785 and the dollar was flat against the yen at 111.05 yen .
The dollar bounced from 4-month lows as a top Federal Reserve official talked of more rate hikes to come . Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer , one of the more influential policymakers with markets , said two more rate increases this year seemed `` about right '' .
WALL STREET RECOVERY
In stocks the leading index of 300 European shares was up 0.2 percent at 1,490 points and Germany 's DAX was up 0.6 percent , mostly driven by broker upgrades and results .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged up 0.2 percent and back toward recent 21-month peaks , while Japan 's Nikkei added 0.1 percent .
The Dow Jones snapped an eight-day losing streak on Tuesday , its longest run of losses since 2011 , in part as a survey showed consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high .
In early European trading on Wednesday , S & P 500 futures pointed to a 0.2 percent rise on Wall Street .
`` Economic fundamentals still remain exceedingly sound here in 2017 and you do not need Trump 's pro-growth fiscal agenda for this to be one of the best years for growth since the recovery started , '' argued Tom Porcelli , chief U.S. economist at RBC Capital Markets .
`` We still think tax reform happens , but you are better off thinking about the timing as an end of year event at best . ''
In commodity markets , base metal prices bounced on more upbeat economic news from China with copper gaining 0.8 percent overnight to add to Tuesday 's 2 percent rise .
Oil prices gained after a severe disruption to Libyan oil supplies and as officials suggested the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producers could extend output cuts to the end of the year .
U.S. crude CLc1 added 1 percent to $ 48.83 a barrel , while Brent also rose 1 percent to $ 51.80 .
Spot gold was little changed at $ 1,250 an ounce .
( Reporting by Jamie McGeever ; Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney ; Editing by Alison Williams )
The top 10 audiobooks on Audible.com
Audible.com best-sellers for week ending June 29 :
Fiction
1 . Something in the Water by Catherine Steadman , narrated by the author ( Random House Audio )
2 . The Woman in the Window : A Novel by A. J. Finn , narrated by Ann Marie Lee ( HarperAudio )
3 . The Outsider by Stephen King , narrated by Will Patton ( Simon & Schuster Audio )
4 . The President is Missing by Bill Clinton and James Patterson , narrated by Dennis Quaid and a full cast ( Hachette Audio )
5 . Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone by J.K. Rowling , narrated by Jim Dale ( Pottermore from J.K. Rowling )
6 . The Singularity Trap by Dennis E. Taylor , narrated by Ray Porter ( Audible Studios )
7 . All We Ever Wanted : A Novel by Emily Giffin , narrated by Dorothy Dillingham Blue , Milton Bagby , and Catherine Taber ( Random House Audio )
8 . The Land : Predators : A LitRPG Saga : Chaos Seeds , Book 7 by Aleron Kong , narrated by Nick Podehl ( Tamori Publications LLC )
9 . Little Fires Everywhere by Celeste Ng , narrated by Jennifer Lim ( Penguin Audio )
10.Then She Was Gone : A Novel by Lisa Jewell , narrated by Helen Duff ( Dreamscape Media , LLC )
Nonfiction
1 . Cognitive Behavioral Therapy : Techniques for Retraining Your Brain by Jason M. Satterfield , narrated by the author ( The Great Courses )
2 . Girl , Wash Your Face by Rachel Hollis , narrated by the author ( Thomas Nelson Publishers )
3 . Practicing Mindfulness : An Introduction to Meditation by Mark W. Muesse , narrated by the author ( The Great Courses )
4 . The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F ( asterisk ) ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life by Mark Manson , narrated by Roger Wayne ( HarperAudio )
5 . Calypso by David Sedaris , narrated by the author ( Hachette Audio )
6 . Pre-Suasion : Channeling Attention for Change by Robert Cialdini , narrated by John Bedford Lloyd , ( Simon & Schuster Audio )
7 . Building a Better Vocabulary by Kevin Flanigan , narrated by the author ( The Great Courses )
8 . Critical Business Skills for Success by Clinton O. Longenecker , Eric Sussman , Michael A. Roberto , and Ryan Hamilton , narrated by the authors ( The Great Courses )
9 . Kitchen Confidential by Anthony Bourdain , narrated by the author ( Random House Audio )
10 . Your Deceptive Mind : A Scientific Guide to Critical Thinking Skills by Steven Novella , narrated by the author ( The Great Courses )
______
Do you find yourself getting upset about the growing number of lines and wrinkles on your face ?
End
-- The signs of aging certainly can not be avoided , although there are plenty of ways ( like makeup and DIY home remedies ) to get rid of the effects . BOTOX Cosmetic just happens to be the most efficient one . BOTOX , an injectable toxin is a popular non-surgical cosmetic treatment used to relax the muscles and smooth out horizontal forehead wrinkles , squint and smile lines , frown lines , and nasal crunch lines . Here is some helpful information that you can keep in mind before undergoing treatment.It invades the nerve cells and releases enzymes that prevent the muscle from contracting . When muscles do not contract , wrinkles relax and soften . BOTOX is popular on forehead lines , crow 's feet and frown lines . However , you must remember that wrinkles caused by sun damage are not reversible . : Besides being effective in reducing wrinkles , BOTOX Medical is beneficial in curing many other issues like heavy sweating , migraines , and even muscle spasms . With the advances in science and technology , a growing number of medical uses of BOTOX are coming to light.The effects depend on various factors such as the area treated , the number of units injected , and the skin type of the individual . On average , BOTOX treatments last for two to six months.If injected by an expert , can give a more youthful appearance . Many see the results of the treatment within three or four days , and the effects continue to show up for about two weeks.To book a free consultation with Dr. Daniel Lazaric , visit the website http : //www.lazaricmedispa.ca . If you are looking for in-depth information on BOTOX as a treatment , we would be happy to provide you with that .
( Reuters Health ) - - Long-term follow-up of patients in a 2014 study confirms that stroke patients recover better if doctors physically remove a clot from a blocked artery instead of just letting the clot-busting drug tPA try to do the job .
The conclusion is based on 500 Dutch patients treated in a landmark study known as MR CLEAN . The findings , reported in the New England Journal of Medicine , may encourage more hospitals to adopt the technique .
In earlier results from the study , one third of patients whose treatment included using a device to extract a clot from a brain artery achieved functional independence by the 90-day mark after their strokes compared to 19 percent given usual care .
Now , two years of data show functional independence for 37 percent of patients with clot removal versus 24 percent with clot-busting drugs alone .
`` We are delighted . It is icing on the cake , '' said Dr. Reza Jahan of the University of California at Los Angeles Stroke Center , who was not connected with the study . `` It confirms the long-term durability '' of the technique and it will encourage more centers to use it , he said .
The MR CLEAN study , combined with subsequent positive results released soon afterward , `` has made a huge difference '' in how doctors treat strokes said study coauthor Yvo Roos , a neurologist at the Academic Medical Center in Amsterdam . `` This is now standard care , '' he told Reuters Health in a telephone interview .
Figuring out which hospitals offer the therapy can be difficult for consumers , however . There is no easy to find list of U.S. facilities , known as comprehensive stroke centers , that are certified to offer the treatment whenever needed .
Jahan said the new study results reinforce efforts to evaluate stroke patients before they even reach a hospital and then immediately get them to one of these comprehensive stroke centers if they are candidates for clot removal .
`` It will get these patients to the treatment they need faster , rather than the current model , where they may go to a primary stroke center to get clot-busting drugs and valuable time is lost trying to transport them to a comprehensive stroke center , '' he said by phone .
The findings apply to patients whose strokes were the result of a blockage in the large forward arteries of the brain , which is the most common type of stroke and affects up to 125,000 patients in the U.S. and 90,000 in Europe each year .
Typically , the clot-busting drugs only open the blocked artery in about a third of the cases , which is why doctors have hoped that removing the clot directly would produce better recovery .
Clot removal is expensive - $ 57,031 for the extraction and for the first 90 days of other stroke treatment , according an analysis published in December in the journal Stroke . Treatment without clot extraction cost $ 44,752 .
With the results showing a long-term benefit with extraction , `` this up-front expense is going to be justified because , in the long term , we 'll see a reduction in medical care , nursing care , home care and rehabilitation care , '' Jahan predicted . `` We 're saving money in the long run . Patients who would have been stuck in a skilled nursing facility for two years , hopefully , are now being sent home . ''
Quality of life scores at two years were higher in the clot-removal treatment group , with the big differences reported in the categories of mobility , self-care and the ability to do usual activities .
The cumulative rates of death from any cause were comparable in the two groups during the two years after a stroke , at 26 percent among clot removal patients and 31 percent among those who did n't get that treatment .
But Roos and his colleagues note that the difference in mortality rates has grown as time passed
SOURCE : bit.ly/2nPkmxE New England Journal of Medicine , online April 5 , 2017 .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 4 ' game
BATON ROUGE , La . ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Louisiana Lottery 's `` Pick 4 '' game were :
3-4-0-5
( three , four , zero , five )
NRG Energy 's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON , Del. , June 14 NRG Energy Inc 's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $ 1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business , according to a securities filing .
PARAMUS , N.J. -- A 16-year-old Northern Highlands High School sophomore from Saddle River who tried to kill himself was hospitalized in critical condition after jumping from the top level of a five-story parking deck Tuesday morning at the Garden State Plaza in Paramus , authorities said .
Police found him on the roadway next to the garage , Police Chief Kenneth Ehrenberg said .
`` He had no pulse , '' the chief said .
Officer Keith Bland , Sgt . Michael Pollaro and Lt. Christine Udis immediately began CPR and used their Automatic External Defibrillator to treat the boy .
The officers were later assisted by paramedics and EMS as CPR continued for about 20 minutes , Ehrenberg said .
`` The officers were able to regain a pulse and resuscitate the victim , who was critically injured from the fall , '' he said . `` The victim was transported to Hackensack Medical Center where he is currently being treated and remains in critical condition .
`` The victim 's family was located and were transported to the medical center , '' the chief said , adding that police found two witnesses .
Police were looking for the boy after he did n't turn up for school . A Be on the Lookout was issued for his vehicle .
Anyone with additional information is asked to call the Paramus Police Department at ( 201 ) 262-3400 .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
A woman from Poland is hoping Southern Reporter readers will be able to put her in touch with her family members who were based in Galashiels .
Ewa Sochacka , who lives near the city of Łódź in central Poland , is trying to find the family of her great uncle , Josef Ciechanowski , who may have been known locally as Joseph Hamilton .
Josef and his family
He was born in 1913 in the small village of Zawady , near Łódź .
During the Second World War , may have served as a tank commander in the Polish army under the command of General Stanislaw Maczek , based in Belgium , England and finally Scotland , where he met his future wife , Agnes McLaren of Galashiels .
Josef visited his brother Adam , who is Ewa 's grandfather , after the war , but his last visit was in 1960 , after which the Polish-based contingent of the family lost all contact with him .
Ewa told us : “ My mum and his sister wrote to the Polish Embassy in the UK to ask for help in tracing Josef , but they could not help them .
Josef , Agnes and some of his fellow servicemen
“ All other efforts to try and trace Josef and his family have failed .
“ I recently managed to find the records of Josef and Agnes 's marriage in 1943 , and the birth records of their daughters – Janette Maria and Kazimiera Freda – on the Scotlands People website .
“ I also have some photographs of the family which would possibly have been taken between 1944-58 .
I am hoping you can help us find out what happened to Josef , and if we still have family members living in the Galashiels area .
Ewa , a teacher who is very interested in her family genealogy , said that it seems that after his marriage to Agnes , Josef changed his name to Hamilton , which was Agnes ' mother 's maiden name . The reasons for this are not known .
If anyone knows what may have happened to Janette Maria or Kazimiera Freda or their families , email kevin.janiak @ jpress.co.uk and we 'll pass on the news .
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY , June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas , Europe and the Far East , the company said on Wednesday . The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers : DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - AMERICAS Maya crude
March 28 Hyundai Dream Together 3rd Special Purpose Acquisition Co Ltd :
* Says it proposes to change company name to KB Dream Together 3rd Special Purpose Acquisition Co , . LTD from Hyundai Dream Together 3rd Special Purpose Acquisition Co , . LTD due to a merger
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/rkmtgv
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
MOSCOW — The Latest at the World Cup ( all times local ) :
3:03 p.m .
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena .
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday . The four were released a few hours later .
Lika Petrovskaya , a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest , said their goal was `` to attract attention to the political repressions , '' including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov . Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov 's release .
Sentsov , a vocal opponent of Russia 's annexation of Crimea , was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts . He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May .
___
2:43 p.m .
After impressing at the World Cup , Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag .
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers ' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander `` has n't gone unnoticed . '' Halldorsson 's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina .
April 20 Kangmei Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay cash div 2.05 yuan per 10 shares of common stock for FY 2016
* Co will pay dividend worth 225 million yuan for totaling 30 million shares of preferred stock
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/QEik67
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
ABUJA The use of children as suicide bombers by the insurgents of Boko Haram has surged in 2017 , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) said on Wednesday .
In the countries fighting Boko Haram in the Lake Chad region - Nigeria , Niger , Cameroon and Chad - 27 children have been used in suicide attacks by the armed Islamist group in the first three months of the year , UNICEF said in a report and statement .
There were nine cases in the same period last year , and 30 children used for bombings in all of 2016 , it said . Most were girls .
The Boko Haram insurgency is now in its eighth year with little sign of ending , having claimed over 20,000 lives . Its child kidnappings gained global notoriety after the abduction of more than 200 girls from the town of Chibok in Nigeria 's northeast in 2014 , three years ago on Friday .
Boko Haram has kidnapped thousands , often raping them , forcing them to become suicide bombers , help the militants in their conflict or marry fighters , UNICEF said .
`` These children are victims , not perpetrators , '' said Marie-Pierre Poirier , UNICEF 's regional director for West and Central Africa .
`` Forcing or deceiving them into committing such horrific acts is reprehensible . ''
One 16-year-old girl from Chad lost her legs after being drugged and forced by Boko Haram to take part in an attempted suicide attack on a crowded market , according to UNICEF 's report .
Though the girl survived , her family initially rejected her `` out of fear of stigma '' .
Children who escape Boko Haram are often held in custody by authorities or ostracised by their communities and families .
About 370 remain in custody , a UNICEF spokeswoman told Reuters , after Nigeria 's military on Monday released 593 people , including children , after clearing them of having ties with Boko Haram .
`` Society 's rejection of these children , and their sense of isolation and desperation , could be making them more vulnerable to promises of martyrdom through acceptance of dangerous and deadly missions , '' UNICEF said in its report .
Children make up 1.3 million of the 2.3 million people displaced by the conflict .
UNICEF said its response to the crisis `` remains severely underfunded '' , hitting efforts to provide mental health and social support , reunite families and offer education , safe water and medical services .
Last year , the group received only two-fifths of the $ 154 million it appealed for .
The United Nations says it needs $ 1.5 billion in humanitarian aid for the Lake Chad region this year , and $ 457 million had been pledged for 2017 by late February .
( Reporting by Paul Carsten ; editing by Andrew Roche )
April 13 Tirupati Fincorp Ltd
* Says to consider appointment of Parth Kanabar as an executive director and chief financial officer Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating his recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see him for FREE .
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see his A fing Tour which is back on Saturday , June 24 .
It is hot on the heels of his two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue 's capacity record for a comedy show , now standing at 12,231 .
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away .
This tour follows his record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone .
BUY TICKETS : Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20 , including booking fee . Buy in person from the box office , call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk .
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 , enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter .
Email your name and details to graham.walker @ jpress.co.uk with # JPcompMF in the subject field .
Or follow @ GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of his # JPcompMF tweets .
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday , June 20 , 2017 , 5pm . Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent ( 5 million shares ) , from 5.4 percent ( 1.7 million shares )
* Koch quits , to be succeeded by digital chief Reichelt
* Axel Springer CEO : Double act at Bild did n't work out
* Bild Europe 's largest paper , but circulation in decline
* Springer earns 70 pct of revenues , profits from digital
BERLIN , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - The editor-in-chief of German red-top tabloid Bild , Europe 's best-selling newspaper , quit on Friday after losing a power struggle with the head of its digital edition .
Tanit Koch , 40 , resigned after two years at the helm of publisher Axel Springer 's flagship print title . In a message to staff , she said her working relationship with digital chief Julian Reichelt broke down last year .
“ In the year 2017 my readiness to compromise reached its limits , ” Koch said in the email , a copy of which was seen by Reuters .
The management ructions offer a rare insight into the inner workings of Europe 's largest digital publisher , which was founded by the late Axel Springer in 1946 . His widow , Friede , remains the main owner of the company .
Springer CEO Mathias Doepfner said that the double act at the top of Bild had not worked out as intended .
“ We meant the division of editorial responsibilities well , but in practice it did n't work because the setup did n't fit with Bild , ” Doepfner said in a statement , expressing regret at Koch 's departure .
Reichelt , 37 , would take overall charge at Bild .
Bild 's print circulation has halved to around 2 million since the turn of the millennium . Although its advertising revenues were strong in the last quarter , the drift of readers away to online news sites has been relentless .
Digital operations now account for more than 70 percent of revenues and core profits at Axel Springer , which in addition to news is focusing on its faster growing jobs and real estate classifieds businesses .
Springer announced in November it would eliminate some jobs as its restructures its German business into digital and print divisions , seeking to accelerate growth online while maximising profits from its legacy titles .
It has also expanded its footprint , buying Business Insider in a play to target financially savvy millennial readers in the United States and elsewhere after missing out to Japan 's Nikkei in a bidding war for the Financial Times . ( Reporting by Noah Barkin and Klaus Lauer ; Writing by Douglas Busvine ; Editing by Alison Williams )
A firefighter tries to extinguish a wildfire burning near the village of Kalamos , north of Athens , Greece , August 13 , 2017 .
Athens ( Reuters ) - A wildfire close to a village near Athens has damaged dozens of houses and caused people to flee their homes , officials said on Monday .
More than 150 firefighters with 50 fire engines and three water-dropping helicopters battled the blaze , which broke out in Kalamos , a coastal area some 45 km ( 30 miles ) northeast of Athens .
Slideshow ( 4 Images )
A fire brigade official told Reuters that no injuries had been reported but at least a dozen houses were heavily damaged .
`` It was a terrible mess , that 's what it was . You could see homes on fire , people running , people desperate , it was chaos and the fire was very big , '' a resident of Kalamos village told Reuters TV .
Television footage showed hundreds of residents fleeing from the area and heading to the beach to spend the night .
Greek authorities ordered a precautionary evacuation of two youth camps in the area .
The cause of the fire was unknown , but summer wildfires are common in Greece . More than 70 died in 2007 during the worst fires in decades .
BEIJING , March 30 China Construction Bank Corp ( CCB ) , the country 's second-biggest lender by assets , expects its 2017 net interest margin to narrow only slightly over the course of the year , the bank said on Thursday .
The bank 's net interest margin , will drop within 10 bps compared to the end of the fourth quarter of last year , Xu Yiming , the bank 's chief financial officer , told a news briefing .
The lender 's debt-to-equity swaps program was set to exceed 300 billion yuan by the end of the first quarter , bank president Wang Zuji also told reporters .
CCB on Wednesday reported a slightly higher 2016 net profit , amid a squeeze on bank margins . Fourth-quarter profit increased by 2.8 percent to 37.63 billion yuan ( $ 5.46 billion ) from 36.6 billion yuan a year earlier .
The bank 's net interest margin - the difference between interest paid and earned - narrowed to 2.2 percent at end-December , from 2.63 percent in the same period a year earlier .
CCB 's non-performing loan ( NPL ) ratio eased to 1.52 percent at end-2016 from 1.56 percent at end-September . ( Reporting by Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller ; Additional reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
ARCANUM — A black four-door Chevrolet Cruze LT collided head-on with a Harvest Land Co-op tanker truck Friday afternoon , resulting in at least one person involved being transported to the hospital via Careflight . The driver of the Chevrolet was ejected through the front windshield . The crash occurred at about 12:30 p.m. on State Route 49 , just south of the intersection with Oakes Rd , near Arcanum .
A black four-door Chevrolet Cruze LT collided head-on with a Harvest Land Co-op tanker truck Friday afternoon . The driver of the Chevrolet was ejected through the front windshield and transported to the hospital via CareFlight .
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMG_6228.jpg A black four-door Chevrolet Cruze LT collided head-on with a Harvest Land Co-op tanker truck Friday afternoon . The driver of the Chevrolet was ejected through the front windshield and transported to the hospital via CareFlight .
A black four-door Chevrolet Cruze LT collided head-on with a Harvest Land Co-op tanker truck Friday afternoon . The driver of the Chevrolet was ejected through the front windshield and transported to the hospital via CareFlight .
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMG_6231.jpg A black four-door Chevrolet Cruze LT collided head-on with a Harvest Land Co-op tanker truck Friday afternoon . The driver of the Chevrolet was ejected through the front windshield and transported to the hospital via CareFlight .
A black four-door Chevrolet Cruze LT collided head-on with a Harvest Land Co-op tanker truck Friday afternoon . The accident occurred on State Route 49 , just south of the intersection with Oakes Rd .
April 6 Cato Corp :
* Cato reports march same-store sales down 21 %
* March sales fell 22 percent to $ 93.2 million
* March same store sales fell 21 percent
* Cato Corp says `` expect current sales headwinds to continue as we work through our merchandise assortment missteps ''
* Cato Corp says during month of March , company opened two stores and relocated one store
* Cato Corp says march sales were negatively impacted by shift of Easter from March last year to April this year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SYDNEY Australia will this year review visa rules for wealthy would-be migrants , mostly Chinese , a government official said on Wednesday , as the country tightens requirements for granting residency rights .
He did not elaborate on the changes under review but hinted at the need to be proficient in English .
The announcement comes only days after Australia axed a temporary work visa popular with foreigners , replacing it with a tougher programme , and raised the bar for attaining citizenship .
Nearly 90 percent of applicants for the Significant Investor Visas are Chinese who need to bring in a minimum A $ 5 million ( 2.90 million pounds ) to become eligible for Australian residency .
`` The programme has to be designed to meet the Australian economy 's needs . You will have the opportunity to directly have a say in the review and your feedback will be considered by the department , '' Assistant Immigration Minister Alex Hawke said at a Chinese in Australia seminar in Sydney .
`` ... The expectation from the Australian community is that migrants have competent English , '' he said . `` I do n't think that is unfair . ''
Australia has seen the rise of nationalist , anti-immigration politics with far-right wing parties such as One Nation garnering strong public support , while the popularity of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull 's ruling centre-right government has been languishing .
Many Chinese millionaires seek to move to Australia for a better lifestyle , although some may also seek to avoid a sweeping corruption crackdown in China that is prompting many wealthy Chinese to move their money .
Australia tightened SIV rules in 2015 requiring applicants to invest in small-cap and venture capital funds while barring them from direct property investment - a move that many immigration lawyers say has led to fading appeal for the visa .
Hawke emphasised the government was committed to the programme , responding to a question about rumours in China that Australia was looking to scrap the visa .
Immigration is a sensitive issue in Australia which maintains a strict policy of not allowing asylum seekers who try to reach the country by boat to settle there , instead detaining them in controversial camps on Nauru and in Papua New Guinea .
( Reporting by Swati Pandey ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
In Monday night 's sportscast :
Sean Robertson puts a wrap on the 5th year of Redskins training camp in Richmond
Virginia Tech head coach Justin Fuente explains his decision to name Josh Jackson the team 's starting quarterback
Wrestling legend Ric Flair is recovering from surgery in an Atlanta hospital
LJUBLJANA May 3 Italian investment fund Palladio Holding Group will buy Slovenian car parts maker Cimos after it pulled out of a similar deal in February , Slovenian daily newspaper Dnevnik reported on Wednesday .
Cimos , which employs about 4,000 people in Slovenia , Croatia , Bosnia and Serbia , was put up for sale by Bank Asset Management Company ( BAMC ) , Slovenia 's state-owned `` bad bank '' which is also Cimos 's biggest shareholder , in 2015 . Dnevnik said Palladio has already paid 100,000 euros ( $ 109,000 ) for Cimos and will also take over 110 million euros of Cimos debt . Palladio will inject 20 million euros in Cimos immediately after the takeover and another 50 million in the next three years , according to the report .
It said Cimos 's shareholders were due to approve the deal in the coming days .
Palladio Holding and BAMC gave no immediate comment .
Palladio pulled out of buying Cimos in February due to a disagreement over repayment of part of Cimos 's debt held by the Croatian Agency for Deposit Insurance and Bank Resolution ( DAB ) .
Dnevnik did not say how that issue had been resolved .
BAMC , which was established in 2013 , acquired 47.5 percent of Cimos over the past few years by taking over Cimos 's debt . ( $ 1 = 0.9158 euros ) ( Reporting By Marja Novak ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
BEIJING U.S. President Donald Trump 's warm words for Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping as a `` good man '' will reassure Beijing that he finally understands the importance of good ties , but risks leaving America 's regional allies puzzling over where they fit into the new order .
The budding relationship between the two leaders appeared highly unlikely when Trump was lambasting China on the campaign trail for stealing U.S. jobs with unfair trade polices .
In December , after winning office , he upended protocol by taking a call from the president of self-ruled Taiwan , which China regards as its own territory .
A few months on , after meeting Xi at his Florida residence earlier in April , Trump appears to have done a complete volte-face , praising Xi for trying hard to rein in nuclear-armed North Korea and rebuffing Taiwan 's president 's suggestion of another call .
But the big question is whether the rapprochement will last . Trump also expressed admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin during the 2016 presidential campaign , but that relationship has since chilled .
Chinese officials will no doubt be pleased by Trump 's overtures , said Jia Qingguo , a leading academic who has advised the government on foreign policy .
`` People will say that the only thing we know for sure about Donald Trump 's administration is uncertainty and unpredictability , '' said Jia , dean of the School of International Studies at the elite Peking University .
`` But judging from what he has been saying and doing , it 's quite reassuring as far as China is concerned . Certainly I think people have developed more positive views about the Donald Trump administration here and we have a lot of expectations that we can work together constructively . ''
For China 's neighbours , it is a little more complicated .
On one level , a healthy relationship between the world 's two biggest economies suits everyone .
`` It 's hugely positive that there 's been a reasonably constructive start to the bilateral dialogue between those two countries , '' Tom Lembong , Indonesia 's investment chief and close aide to President Joko Widodo , told Reuters .
But long-time allies may also be wondering just how far Washington still has their back .
Shashank Joshi , senior fellow at the Royal United Services Institute in London , said countries such as Japan and South Korea could lose influence if Trump 's focus on enlisting Xi 's help over North Korea creates a `` sort of U.S.-China G2 '' .
`` There are competing instincts within Trump pushing him in opposite directions , '' said Joshi .
`` His nationalism pushes him towards competition with China , but his deal-making instinct , his openness to personal influence , and his affinity for strongmen pushes him towards Xi , especially if he can show results on North Korea . ''
But Trump , who has long touted his deal-making ability as a real estate developer , has also made clear his approach to China is transactional . He is so focused on securing cooperation against North Korea , his top national security priority , that he has even publicly promised to go easier on Beijing over critical trade issues in return .
Some of Trump 's aides doubt , however , that China will do enough to restrain North Korea 's nuclear and missile programmes . Some experts believe the thaw between the economic rivals could be fleeting if Xi fails to come through on the North Korean issue .
SOUTH CHINA SEA
Singapore-based security expert Ian Storey said he believed Trump 's remarks would be closely scrutinised by Southeast Asian leaders looking for signs of an emerging Asia strategy .
`` Most would welcome a calm , co-operative relationship between China and the U.S. , but they will be deeply concerned at anything that looks like Trump will give Xi a free hand over the South China Sea dispute , or elsewhere , '' said Storey , who is based at the ISEAS Yusof Ishak Institute .
The administration has so far sent out mixed rhetorical signals over the hotly disputed South China Sea . China 's extensive claims to the vital global trade route are challenged by Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines and Vietnam , as well as Taiwan .
The U.S. has increased naval deployments in the South China Sea in recent years amid roiling tensions and extensive island-building by China but , under Trump , its warships have yet to challenge China with so-called freedom of navigation patrol close to disputed islets and reefs .
A Trump administration official has told Reuters the United States wants to avoid antagonizing China on sensitive issues like the South China Sea for now while waiting to see how far Beijing will go tightening the screws on North Korea . But the official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said this did not mean abandoning efforts to counter China 's growing military and economic might in the Asia-Pacific region .
Admiral Harry Harris , the chief of the U.S. Pacific Command , told the U.S. Congress this week that he expected to be carrying out such patrols in the South China Sea soon , and repeated earlier concerns at China 's continued militarisation of the area .
`` Given Trump 's newfound friendship with Xi Jinping , it might make it significantly harder for the Pacific Command to get its plans approved for the next freedom of navigation patrols , '' Storey said .
UNPREDICTABLE
In Japan , often at odds with China over what Beijing views as Tokyo 's failure to properly atone for World War Two , a Japanese government source sought to downplay any impact the burgeoning Trump-Xi friendship might have on Japan-U.S. ties .
`` Trump 's softened approach to Xi may seem to be some kind of shift in the balance of power but security cooperation between Japan and the United States is extremely stable and has been confirmed in the face of the current crisis situation in North Korea , '' the source told Reuters .
The tricky issue of Taiwan has not gone away either , and is one of several that could upset relations .
Democratic Taiwan has many friends in Washington who will not want to allow autocratic China to get its way with the island , and the United States is bound by law to provide Taiwan with the means to defend itself .
Wang Dong , associate professor of international studies at Peking University , said China would remain on alert for another change of direction by Trump .
`` There are reasons for optimism , but we are still being realistic . There are still issues out there , from Taiwan to the South China Sea , '' he said .
One Beijing-based Western diplomat told Reuters that , while China might be pleased to see Trump hang ally South Korea out to dry with his criticism of their free trade deal and demand Seoul pay $ 1 billion to host a U.S. anti-missile system China has strongly opposed , China should not have any illusions .
`` He 's so unpredictable who knows what he 'll say next week or next month ? '' said the diplomat , speaking on condition of anonymity . `` His mood turns on a pin . ''
( Additional reporting by Michael Martina in Beijing ; Linda Sieg in Toyko ; Kanupriya Kapoor and Karen Lema in Manila ; Sanjeev Miglani in New Delhi ; Greg Torode in Hong Kong ; Matt Spetalnick and David Brunnstrom in Washington ; Editing by Alex Richardson and Frances Kerry )
FILE PHOTO : The logo of SK Hynix is seen at its headquarters in Seongnam , South Korea , April 25 , 2016 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo
SEOUL A consortium led by South Korea 's SK Hynix Inc has offered to pay more than $ 9 billion ( £7.3 billion ) for a majority stake in Toshiba Corp 's memory chip business , the Maeil Business Newspaper reported on Wednesday citing unnamed sources .
The South Korean media report said SK Hynix has partnered with Japanese financial institutions to bid for the Toshiba business . The paper did not name those Japanese investors .
SK Hynix could not be immediately reached for comment .
( Reporting by Se Young Lee ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
Florida State AD Stan Wilcox has busy agenda for 2018-19
Photo : Joseph Reedy , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Feb. 19 , 2017 , file photo , Florida State athletic director Stan Wilcox , left , congratulates coach Mike Martin after Martin got his 1,900th win , defeating VCU 11-2 , in Tallahassee , Fla. Florida State University has won national championships in three sports since Stan Wilcox took over as athletic director in August of 2013 . Wilcox 's biggest moves though are expected to take place over the next 12 months . less FILE - In this Feb. 19 , 2017 , file photo , Florida State athletic director Stan Wilcox , left , congratulates coach Mike Martin after Martin got his 1,900th win , defeating VCU 11-2 , in Tallahassee , Fla. Florida ... more Photo : Joseph Reedy , AP Florida State AD Stan Wilcox has busy agenda for 2018-19 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. ( AP ) — Florida State 's athletic department is thriving under Stan Wilcox .
Since Wilcox became the Seminoles ' AD in 2013 , Florida State has won national championships in three sports . Wilcox is n't standing pat , he 's already made one major hire and is expected to make another over the next 12 months .
Wilcox hired Willie Taggart last December as Florida State 's new football coach , a move he made less than a week after Jimbo Fisher resigned to go to Texas A & M . It marked Wilcox 's first major coaching hire at Florida State and the first time the school went outside the football program to get a head coach in 41 years .
Wilcox 's second major coaching hire will happen once next year 's baseball season ends and Mike Martin retires after 40 seasons as a manager . Martin has the most wins in college baseball .
The AD can only hope his choice for baseball will go over as well as his Taggart hire . The Palmetto , Florida , native , who grew up a Florida State fan , has energized the football fan base that had grown tired of yearly reports of Fisher seeking greener pastures . The April 14 spring game — Taggart 's first — drew a program-record crowd of 60,934 .
`` He already knows the level of play that the Seminole family has come to expect , and as well as our current and future student athletes , they know that , what is expected of them , '' Wilcox said of Taggart . `` Now he 's set the stage and all he has to do now is come in and win games and we 're back . ''
Wilcox and university President John Thrasher also expect to announce plans for a football operation building by the Sept. 3 opener against Virginia Tech . The building , which would include coaches offices , a weight room and meeting space for players , could be constructed next to the indoor practice facility .
University officials also have discussed renovating the Moore Athletics Center , which is attached to Doak Campbell Stadium , for football only , but that would require relocating the athletic department and the College of Communications . Taggart said following spring practices that he favors a new facility instead of renovations .
Wilcox is also looking at ways that a football facility could benefit all sports .
`` We still want to have a hub central location for all the academic activities as well as a training table for that all our student athletes can come to , and be able to eat a meal together , '' he said . `` So it 's not just your teammates , but you 're getting to know the student athletes in other sports . ''
Wilcox is pleased that Martin will coach one more season for two reasons : Martin is 13 wins away from becoming the first NCAA coach in any sport to get 2,000 victories and it allows fans throughout college baseball a chance to honor Martin for what he has done in and for the sport .
The Seminoles have made the College World Series 16 times under Martin but remain in search of their first national title .
`` The positive is that Mike has created it to be a very desirable position . The negative is that whoever comes in has big shoes to fill , and very high expectations of that person coming in the door , '' Wilcox said . `` Sometimes that next person is not always going to end up being successful as you want them to be , and you may have to take a little while to get the right person . So but we 're going to try to do our due diligence to make sure that we find the right person . ''
Despite football having to go on a four-game winning streak to avoid its first losing season since 1976 , Florida State finished ninth in the Directors ' Cup Division I standings , which is a benchmark that entire athletic programs are judged by because it awards points based on each school 's finish in up to 20 sports . That is the first time FSU has finished in the top 10 in the standings since 2011-12 . In Wilcox 's first four years , the Seminoles average finish was 14.5 .
The reasons for the high finish was softball winning the national championship , women 's beach volleyball reaching the final and men 's basketball getting to the Elite Eight for the first time since 1993 . The ninth-place finish is also the highest among Atlantic Coast Conference schools .
`` It 's amazing that this year has turned out the way it has . It started out looking bleak , but it 's ending up very positive , I think , for everybody , '' Wilcox said .
March 29 Dreamscape Networks Ltd :
* Asx alert-Dreamscape Networks to acquire Net Logistics-DN8.AX
* Signed binding share sale and purchase agreement with owners of Sydney based internet hosting company Net Logistics Pty Ltd
* Dreamscape Networks will acquire Net Logistics for $ 2.55 million cash
* `` Net Logistics is forecast to contribute $ 2.5 million of bookings and $ 800,000 of EBITDA in 2018 financial year '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON , Ont . — Chris Merchant threw for 300 yards and two touchdowns as the No . 4 Western Mustangs crushed the Carleton Ravens 51-14 on Friday night in U Sports football action .
The win secured Western ( 7-0 ) top spot in the Ontario University Athletics conference standings . The Mustangs will receive a bye into the conference semifinals and have home-field advantage throughout the post-season .
Merchant finished 20 of 34 and was intercepted twice .
Alex Taylor ran for 142 yards on 15 carries with one touchdown . It 's his third consecutive 100-plus yard game . He also caught four passes for 50 yards and one score . Cedric Joseph added two rushing TDs after carrying the ball 10 times for 81 yards .
MUMBAI India captain Virat Kohli has recovered from his shoulder injury and is fit to play in the Indian Premier League Twenty20 tournament for the Royal Challengers Bangalore , the country 's cricket board ( BCCI ) said on Thursday .
Kohli missed the franchise 's first three matches as he underwent rehabilitation after injuring his right shoulder while fielding during the third test against Australia at Ranchi .
The injury forced him to miss India 's series-sealing final test win over Australia in Dharamsala but the BCCI said on Thursday the 28-year-old has regained match fitness .
`` He will now be available for RCB 's next match against Mumbai Indians on April 14 in Bengaluru , '' the board said in a statement .
`` The Indian captain had undergone rehabilitation after sustaining an injury to his right shoulder and has now recovered to be able to participate in IPL 2017 . ''
Kohli 's side , who have lost Australia paceman Mitchell Starc and India opener Lokesh Rahul to injuries , have lost two of their three matches in the April 5-May 21 tournaments .
( Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly ; editing by Greg Stutchbury )
JERUSALEM , April 6 Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI ) signed a $ 2 billion deal with India to supply it with air and naval defence systems , a company official said on Thursday .
March 28Comefly Outdoor Co Ltd :
* Says it will invest $ 5 million to set up a Vietnam-based wholly owned unit , named Tianye Outdoor ( VN ) Co Ltd
* Says unit will be engaged in outdoor goods business
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/V2CPJ8
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
The Australian government has announced a move to start issuing monthly fines to parents who do n't vaccinate their children .
The country is strengthening its `` no jab , no pay '' policy . Parents who do n't vaccinate their children will lose $ 30 a fortnight from their tax benefits for each child they do n't vaccinate .
In total , parents will lose about the same they were losing before with one fine issued at the end of the year but the government believes this will be more of a `` constant reminder '' .
Minister for Social Services Dan Tehan says this is an important move to protect public health in the face of the `` anti-vaxxer '' movement .
Advertisement
`` Immunisation is the safest way to protect children from vaccine-preventable diseases , '' he said in a statement .
`` Parents who do n't immunise their children are putting their own kids at risk as well as the children of other people . ''
The new policy came into effect today .
Children assessed to have natural immunity or for whom vaccinations may prove harmful will be exempt .
RICHMOND , Va. – Firefighters quickly knocked out a blaze that broke out in the kitchen of a Southside apartment Wednesday evening .
Lt. Chris Armstrong with Richmond Fire said crews were dispatched to the 3800 block of Guilder Lane ( 3811 ) for an apartment fire just before 6:45 p.m .
When crews arrived six minutes later , they found light smoke coming from a unit .
Armstrong said no one was home , so crews forced their way inside and quickly extinguished a fire in the kitchen .
No additional details were available .
There has been no word on what sparked the fire .
LONDON , April 28 Tottenham Hotspur will play home matches at Wembley next season while they finish building a new stadium on the site of their White Hart Lane ground , the club confirmed on Friday .
Premier League Spurs will use the 90,000-capacity national stadium before moving into a new , 800-million-pound ( $ 1.04-billion ) home , which will be ready for 2018-19 .
`` This marks a momentous day in our club 's history as it is the day we formally agreed the demolition of our beloved White Hart Lane , '' chairman Daniel Levy said in a statement on the club website ( www.tottenhamhotspur.com ) after a board meeting .
“ The Lane means a huge amount to ... us and we needed to gain greater certainty on the delivery of the new stadium before we made the final decision to commence with the decommissioning of our iconic , historic home for some 118 years .
`` We shall ensure that we give the Lane a fitting farewell when we play our last match here on May 14 , '' Levy added .
Second-placed Tottenham , who are four points behind London rivals Chelsea in the race for the title , host Manchester United in their final home league game of the season .
`` Wembley will be our home for a season and then we shall return to ... one of the best stadiums of its kind and the most unique in the world playing host to NFL games too -– a stadium that will be key to our future growth and success , '' said Levy .
( $ 1 = 0.7721 pounds ) ( Writing by Ken Ferris ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
NORMAL , Ill. — Milik Yarbrough , Phil Fayne and Matt Hein scored 13 points apiece and Illinois State held on to beat Evansville 75-71 on Saturday .
The Redbirds ( 13-11 , 7-5 Missouri Valley Conference ) led by one at the break but Evansville went ahead 43-41 on a Ryan Taylor 3 early in the second half . Illinois State answered with an 11-2 run capped by a Fayne dunk to reclaim the lead , 52-45 , with 10:38 to play . The Purple Aces ( 15-10 , 5-7 ) cut it to 59-56 with 6:11 left but a Madison Williams 3-pointer and a 3-point play by Fayne in the final three minutes helped keep the Redbirds on top .
Fayne led Illinois State with 10 rebounds and Yarbrough had seven rebounds and five assists .
Taylor carried the Purple Aces , scoring 32 points with six rebounds . Dainius Chatkevicius led with 14 rebounds in addition to his eight points . The Evansville loss snaps a three-game win streak .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Cherokee Inc :
* JEFFREY BRONCHICK REPORTS 22.1 PERCENT STAKE IN CHEROKEE INC AS OF FEBRUARY 02 - SEC FILING
* JEFFREY BRONCHICK SAYS PURCHASED CHEROKEE SHARES BASED ON BELIEF THAT THE SHARES , WHEN PURCHASED , WERE “ UNDERVALUED‍ ” ​
* JEFFREY BRONCHICK SAYS IN CONVERSATIONS WITH CHEROKEE , MADE SUGGESTIONS ON ENHANCING COMPOSITION OF CHEROKEE BOARD - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2nyJ5qP Further company coverage :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Forget steaks and chocolate cakes - bargain retailer B & M is offering a romantic meal at a rock-bottom price this Valentine 's .
The bargain retailer is offering a `` fuss-free '' meal deal for lovers on a budget .
But we 're not guaranteeing dishing it up on Valentine 's Day will impress the target of your affections .
Because the starter is a packet of prawn cocktail Skips - and it does n't get much better from there , reports the Liverpool Echo .
For mains there is Uncle Ben 's Sweet and Sour rice pots while dessert is Bird 's Strawberry Trifle .
As no meal deal would be complete without a side order , B & M is including Blue Dragon Prawn Crackers too .
At least the whole meal is only priced at £3.88 .
A B & M spokesperson said : “ We 're always being asked if we do a dine-in deal by our customers so this year we decided to create a deal that wo n't break the bank .
“ This is n't any old dine-in deal , this is a B & M dine-in deal ! No fuss or faffing about , just proper good food for you and your lover . ”
The deal is available to buy in stores now . You can find your nearest B & M stores here .
SEOUL , April 10 Korea East West Power Co Ltd ( EWP ) has bought 60,000 tonnes of coal for May shipping via a tender that closed on Thursday , a source from the utility said on Monday . The utility purchased the coal products from South Africa , the source said , but declined to give price and seller details . Other details of the purchase are as follows : TONNES ( M/T ) ORIGIN SPECIFICATION ( NCV ) SHIPPING SCHEDULE 60,000 S.Africa min . 4,170 kcal/kg May 10-24 , 2017 * Note : NCV stands for Net Calorific Value . ( Reporting By Jane Chung ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
Q : What do you do when your 5-year-old child asks Santa for a puppy for Christmas ? I tried to explain that we already have a dog and it might be hard for Santa to bring a puppy . She answers that she 's seen movies where Santa brings puppies , and Santa is magic and can do anything . Help ! I do n't want to ruin the magic of Santa but we ca n't afford a puppy .
A : Christmas is a magical time and , eventually , every child comes to recognize that the story of Santa Claus is a myth . To some , the news is shattering . Many a good parent tries to delay the little ones making this discovery hoping that with age , the realization comes easier . If there are older siblings , keeping the myth alive is even more challenging . It reminds me of the line from Marmion , a poem by Walter Scott : `` Oh what a tangled web we weave , when first we practice deceiving . ''
However , I am on your side and would like to offer a strategy to help .
Agree with your little one that Santa is magic and as such , he must concern himself with the feelings of all living things . Santa knows she wants a puppy but he must also concern himself with the feelings of the other pets in the home .
We want to create a sense of understanding that a wish alone does n't mean fulfilment , and of empathy , by considering how others may be affected .
You can also explain that there are only so many puppies to go around and , in looking at your family situation and the fact there is already a dog , Santa must establish priorities so that every child who wants a dog may have the opportunity of the experience .
This will reinforce the values of empathy and caring for others in your child .
After all , is n't that consistent with the meaning of Christmas ?
Yes Virginia , there is a Santa Claus … and he will grant wishes — assuming they are good for others involved and do n't cause injustices against other children .
Have a parenting or relationship question ? Send it in a brief email to question @ yoursocialworker.com . Due to the volume of mail , not all questions will receive a reply .
March 31 Rapier Gold Inc
* Rapier Gold announces results of shareholder meeting , election of new board
* Rapier Gold Inc - David Lotan was appointed as interim chief executive officer of company , replacing Roger Walsh
* Rapier Gold- new board consists entirely of directors nominated by Delbrook Capital Advisors Inc , which holds about 17 % of co 's outstanding common share
* Rapier Gold-board intends to conduct review of co , determine what changes , if any , would be desirable in light of `` such review and existing circumstances '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
* To meet all ethnic leaders , stakeholders next week Thursday
Acting President , Prof. Yemi Osinbajo Wednesday told people of South East not to panic over recent quit notice given to them by the coalition of Arewa youths to leave the 19 Northern States on or before 1st October , saying that the Federal Government has made adequate arrangement to protect every citizen of the country .
This is as Prof. Osinbajo has said that he will be meeting with the leaders of all ethnic groups in the country as well as stakeholders to discuss issues on the continuous unity and existence of the country .
Recall that the Acting President had on Tuesday while meeting with the Northern Elders including the Arewa Consultative Forum , vowed that the Federal Government would deal with any person or group that threaten the peace of the country through hate speeches .
The Federal Government has also explained that the series of interactions lined up with the relevant stakeholders in the Nigeria project that started on Tuesday , will be rounded off on 22nd June .
Briefing journalists after the Federal Executive Council , FEC , presided over by the Acting President , Prof. Osinbajo , the Minister of Information ; Alhaji Lai Mohammed said that the Acting President will be addressing traditional rulers and leaders of thought from the South East on Friday .
He explained that the idea behind the consultative meeting was not just to assure that the administration was doing something about the quit notice to the Igbos to vacate the North before 1st October , but that the situation was under control .
According to the minister , “ On the 22nd of June there will be a joint consultative meeting of all the groups , that is the traditional rulers , religious leaders and leaders of thought from both the south eastern part of Nigeria and the northern part of Nigeria , ” he said .
“ The call for people from certain parts of the country to relocate to their region is generally very disquieting voices .
“ We just want to assure Nigerians that the federal government is on top of the matter . ….Yesterday ( Tuesday ) , the Acting President addressed leaders from the northern part of the country . At 4 p.m today ( Wednesday ) he is going to address leaders from the South Eastern part of the country .
“ The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control . To assure Nigerians that any Nigerian anywhere is save , the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and that they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct is believed will create instability in the country .
“ So there is no need for anybody to panic , there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country . The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic . ”
Also briefing journalists , the Minister of Finance , Kemi Adeosun said that she presented a memo that was approved by the FEC to sign a multilateral convention for the implementation of tax treaty related matters .
She said , “ I presented a memo which was approved by council today and permission was granted to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent us prevent base erosion and profit shifting .
“ In simple language , this administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection . One of the means by which major companies evade is a
practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to a country that has little or no tax .
Last week I wrote about how St. Jacobs is losing The Art District Gallery co-op back to Kitchener . The grand opening was last night .
Meanwhile , another culture-related endeavour has set up operations — Wall 's Piano Gallery , a newly authorized Yamaha dealership serving `` Kitchener , Waterloo , Cambridge , Guelph and surrounding areas . '' The grand opening of the location at 2-4 Hachborn St. W. , St. Jacobs , is today , from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m .
This is a story with all sorts of connections to our region 's cultural scene .
Let 's start with the founders : Paul Wall , and his wife Jackie , who has been my main contact .
Paul grew up surrounded by music : His father was a music director and choral conductor for Mennonite churches and colleges in Paraguay and Brazil before he moved to Canada . That was in 1966 , when Paul was 10 years old . He met Jackie soon afterwards , studying violin with the same music teacher .
Paul also took up the trumpet playing with stage and concert bands in high school as well as violin at Eastwood Collegiate and the KW Youth Orchestra .
Jackie also played in the youth orchestra , as well as the Concordia Club Orchestra and the University of Waterloo Orchestra while still in high school . She and her five sisters were taught piano by their mother , a local piano teacher .
They both went on to study music : Paul at Bethel College in South Bend Indiana ; Jackie at the Vienna Conservatory of Music . As Jackie tells the story , `` being very much in love , the couple decided to return home after their first year in music school and got married . ''
A turning point for Paul Wall came at the age of 21 , when he was offered a job at a local piano dealership doing piano service work . He took advantage of every opportunity to learn the craft , and became involved with the Ontario Piano Technician Guild . This led to a position as head technician at the Yamaha Canada store in Winnipeg .
But Waterloo was home , and after four years in Manitoba they moved back . After a few years back at his old job , Paul started his own business : Wall 's Piano Tuning . He did the service work ; she took care of the administration . Wall 's Piano Tuning customers include the University of Waterloo , the KW Chamber Music Society , KW Symphony Orchestra , Centre in the Square , Grand River Jazz Society , the Perimeter Institute , and , in Guelph , the River Run Centre , Guelph Jazz Festival and the Youth Music Centre .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
With Facebook dealing with an alleged data breach crisis , the Chief Information Security Officer of the social network , Alex Stamos , is planning to leave the company by August , according to a report in The New York Times.Facebook is facing a backlash as a data analytics firm that worked with Donald Trump 's election team allegedly harvested millions of Facebook profiles of US voters to influence their choices at the ballot box . ( Image courtesy : AP/Wikipedia ) The social network announced in mid-March its decision to suspend Strategic Communication Laboratories ( SCL ) , along with its political data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica , for violating its policies and commitments , but refused to call the incident a `` data breach '' .The impending exit of Stamos reflects heightened leadership tension at the top of the social network , The Times report said.Citing versions of some current and former employees of the social network , the report said that much of the internal disagreement is rooted in how much Facebook should publicly share about how nation states abused Facebook 's services.Stamos reportedly met with resistance by colleagues when he had advocated more disclosure around Russian interference of the platform and some restructuring to better address the issues.In December 2017 , Stamos 's responsibilities were reassigned to others , following which he expressed desire to leave the company . But he was convinced to stay until August to help see through the transition of his responsibilities , according to the report.His group , which once had 120 people , now has three , the current and former employees were quoted as saying.Responding to the report on Monday , Stamos in a tweet said that he is still fully engaged with his work at Facebook , while avoiding divulging details about whether he intended to leave Facebook or not . `` Despite the rumours , I 'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook , '' he tweeted . `` It 's true that my role did change . I 'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security . `` Following the reported data leakage of its 50 million users for alleged political purposes , Facebook suffered the biggest one-day drop of its stocks by seven per cent on Wall Street on Monday in four years , Xinhua new agency reported.Cambridge Analytica received user data from a Facebook app years ago that purported to be a psychological research tool , though the firm was not authorised to have that information.Facebook admitted that an estimated 270,000 people had downloaded the app and shared their personal details with it .
Last week , the new leader of Zimbabwe , President Emmerson Mnangagwa , announced his new cabinet . Members of cabinet were sworn into office on Monday this week .
By Alex Magaisa
There are a lot of reactions to the announcement last week , with many expressing scepticism over the inclusion of lots of faces that have previously served under former president Robert Mugabe 's governments . Among the members of cabinet are suspected kleptocrats whose appointment seemed to contradict the new mantra of anti-corruption . Others pleaded in defence that the Mnangagwa 's team should be judged on performance and therefore , it should be given a chance . However , the Ccabinet announcement was also conspicuous by the legal missteps which were easily avoidable . Such missteps do not project the new government in good light .
Excessive non-MPs in cabinet
The first and most significant one was the appointment of an excessive number of persons who are not members of parliament , which forced the new president into a quick revision and reshuffle . In terms of Section 104 of the constitution , as a general rule members of the cabinet must be drawn from parliament . The exception is that the President is allowed to make up to five appointments from outside parliament .
These five are to be “ chosen for their professional skills and competence ” . The rationale for this is that the pool of eligible members of parliament may be short of certain skills and competences that a president needs to run his government . The reasoning is that in order to fill those gaps , the president should be allowed some leeway to choose ministers from outside parliament . These five do not become MPs but they can sit and speak in parliament although they wo n't have the right to vote . There is , of course , a risk that a president may use this facility to appoint and recuse cronies who might have lost elections .
A little background on this provision is useful for context . During the constitution-making process , the MDC parties had proposed that a president should , without any restrictions , have the power to appoint ministers from both within and outside parliament . In other words , he should not be restricted to the pool of parliamentarians . Under this scheme , all proposed presidential appointees to cabinet would be vetted and approved by parliament before assuming office .
However , this proposition was opposed by Zanu PF . They argued that ministers should only be selected from parliament . In the end , due to the diametrically opposed positions , a compromise was reached where the majority of ministers would come from parliament but the president would have the liberty to select up to five from outside parliament . The irony is that this resistance by Zanu PF has restricted Mnangagwa 's choices when he could have done with more freedom to appoint more fresh faces from outside parliament .
As it happens , in his bid to appoint new faces while rewarding loyalists , Mnangagwa had a significant legal misstep when he named far more than the five ministers he is permitted to appoint from outside parliament . This forced his office to make a swift somersault just 24 hours after the appointment .
Lazarus Dokora was a major casualty of the reshuffle , losing the Ministry of Primary and Secondary Education . Petronella Kagonye came in as Minister of Labour , boosting the gender equation which was grossly unbalanced with only three women in cabinet . Three non-MPs who had been appointed were de-listed as ministers and named as special advisers to the president .
It is not certain that the renaming affects the substantive nature of their duties . They could be ministers in all but name . If that is the case the re-naming is no more than a technical veil for compliance purposes . Still , there is a view that the number of non-MPs is still far in excess of the limit . This embarrassing episode so soon after assuming the reigns of power could have been avoided .
One way to cure this is to appoint the non-MPs as senators filling any vacancies that may arise if Zanu PF decides to sack or retire some its serving senators . Senators are appointed on the basis of proportional representation , so there are no by-elections , which the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission ( Zec ) has now called off until the next election in accordance with Section 158 of the constitution .
Dissolution of cabinet
The Office of the President and Cabinet ( OPC ) had already made its first legal misstep when it announced the dissolution of the last cabinet by the president last Monday . The press statement issued by the Chief Secretary to the OPC stated that the new president had dissolved the old cabinet . He cited Section 108 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the constitution as the basis of that dissolution . This was incorrect . The president could not have dissolved cabinet because it had already been dissolved by operation of law the moment that he took the oath of office on November 24 2017 .
Section 108 ( 1 ) ( c ) states that : “ The office of a minister or deputy minister becomes vacant … upon the assumption of office by a new president. ” This means cabinet positions automatically became vacant when Mnangagwa became president . Thus the president had no power to dissolve something that had already dissolved automatically by operation of law . The fact that the OPC had to issue a statement proclaiming the exercise of a power that the President did not have demonstrated gross oversight and a misunderstanding of the constitution .
Appointment of serving generals
There is nothing wrong with former military personnel assuming roles in government . It happens even in the best and oldest democracies . However , there are rules which are intended to separate the military from the civilian arms of the state . Thus , one must retire from the military first before assuming civilian duties . This much is evident in Section 208 ( 4 ) of the constitution which states that “ serving members of the security services must not be employed or engaged in civilian institutions except in periods of public emergency ” .
No public emergency has been declared in Zimbabwe . To prevent a legal misstep , the appointment of Air Marshall Perrance Shiri and Major-General Sibusiso Moyo , both serving generals as cabinet ministers , should only have been done after their retirement from office in the security structures .
It is difficult to understand the occurrence of these basic errors and legal missteps which are easily avoidable .
The Attorney-General is the principal legal adviser to the government and is responsible for advising the OPC in such matters . Such basic errors do not show the new president and his government in good light . While still at it , there is one more point , which could qualify into a significant legal misstep if it is not attended to . This is the issue of the appointment of the vice-president/s .
Appointing the vice-president/s
The appointment of the vice-president/s is provided for in Section 14 of Schedule 6 to the constitution . Section 14 ( 2 ) states as follows : “ Without delay the person elected as president in any election referred to in subparagraph ( 1 ) must appoint not more than two vice-presidents , who hold office at his or her pleasure . ”
Although Mnangagwa was not elected , this provision applies to him since his nomination by the ruling party resulted in him assuming the office of president . In any event , authority to make such appointments can be found in section 342 ( 3 ) which provides that : “ A power , jurisdiction or right conferred by this constitution may be exercised , and a duty imposed by this constitution must be performed , whenever it is appropriate to do so. ” It is arguable that the exercise of the power to appoint a vice-president is appropriate in these circumstances . Mnangagwa therefore has both a right and obligation to appoint a vice-president/s .
In this regard , the key words are that this appointment must be done “ without delay ” . Although this phrase is not defined , at law , it means the appointment must be done within a reasonable time . The new president took office on November 24 2017 and he appointed his cabinet nearly a week later . He is yet to appoint his vice-president/s and it has been suggested that he is waiting for his party 's extraordinary congress scheduled for December .
It may be argued that the delay is not yet unreasonable . However , he must be reminded that further delays would not only suggest indecisiveness , but it may stretch the boundaries of what is reasonable . A vice-president has an important constitutional role , particularly in the event of absence of a president or in the worst case scenario , where a vacancy arises by reason of death , resignation or removal , as evidenced in the last three weeks when Mugabe was forced to resign .
No obligation to appoint two VPs
Second , contrary to common belief , it is important to emphasise that the president is not obliged to appoint two vice-presidents . The provision refers to the appointment of “ not more than two vice-presidents ” , which means he is two is the maximum but it is not necessarily the minimum . This is why Mugabe appointed Joice Mujuru as the sole vice-president between August 2013 and December 2014 when she was sacked . The new president should follow suit and avoid the monstrosity of two deputies .
Since the appointment of old faces in cabinet has been justified on the basis of cost-effectiveness , it actually makes more economic sense for Mnangagwa to name just one vice-president . The idea of having two vice presidents in a country of 14 million people has generally been about political expediency in the wake of the 1987 Unity Accord between Zanu PF and PF Zapu , but it is an expensive luxury that a poor country can ill-afford .
Since he has leeway to appoint just one vice-president , Mnangagwa should make use of it . After all , they will only be in office for less than 10 months .
The magnitude of the cost becomes more vivid when considered through the lens of pensions for vice-presidents . According to Section 102 ( 3 ) of the constitution , a former vice-president is entitled to a pension that is equivalent to the salaries and benefits for sitting vice-president . If Mnangagwa appoints two new vice-presidents between now and the next elections in less than 10 months , that will be an addition of two new potential recipients of salaries and benefits of a vice-president for life .
Needless to say , Zimbabwe can not afford it . This also means whoever he appoints as a vice-president now , must be the same person whom he would appoint should he win the next election . Although it makes sense for him to appoint just one vice-president between now and the next election , he will probably be swayed by the politics of expediency to appoint two given that the election is not far off and he has some balancing act tom perform and keep all constituencies happy .
Conclusion
In conclusion , if the AG 's Office has been involved in these legal missteps , it needs to step up on its advisory role . However , if officials in the OPC are not consulting the AG or have been ignoring advice , they need to review their approach .
The president may also consider having a panel of advisers to help navigate the legal labyrinth . This will help avoid unnecessary errors which damage the standing of the highest office in the country . It is unprofessional to commit such basic errors as are on show .
Second , the president must abide by the constitution and appoint a vice-president without further delay or it will count as another legal misstep . If his nomination as president was done with such haste and did not have to wait for the special congress , there is really no justification why a vice-president should be conditional upon the outcome of that congress . The delay is unnecessary .
Finally , rather than appoint two vice-presidents , Mnangagwa should consider appointing just one vice-president for the short period between now and the next election in less than 10 months . It makes economic sense , but I fear this will give way to political sense .
Dr Magaisa is a lawyer and a lecturer at the University of Kent in the United Kingdom . — wamagaisa @ gmail.com
* OPEC lobbies for extension to cut output beyond H1 2017
* Relentless rise in U.S. output undermines OPEC efforts
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE , April 28 Oil prices stabilised on Friday but were on track for a second straight weekly loss on concerns that an OPEC-led production cut has failed to significantly tighten an oversupplied market .
U.S. West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude oil futures were trading at $ 49.21 per barrel at 0036 GMT , up 24 cents , or 0.5 percent , from their last close . However , WTI is still set for a small weekly loss and is down more than 8 percent from its April peak .
Brent crude futures , the international benchmark for oil prices , were at $ 51.59 per barrel , up 15 cents , or 0.3 percent . Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak and is also on track for a second week of declines .
Traders said that Friday 's slight rises came on the back of statements by OPEC that it was keen to find a deal that would ensure a drawdown of excess global fuel supplies , which have weighed on markets for over two years .
Such a deal would likely mean an extension of a pledge by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and other producers including Russia to cut output by almost 1.8 million barrels per day ( bpd ) during the first half of the year .
Despite this , ANZ bank said on Friday that `` traders remained worried about increasing supply . ''
This is largely due to a persistent rise in U.S. crude oil production C-OUT-T-EIA , which has risen by 10 percent since mid-2016 to 9.27 million bpd , to levels last seen during the height of the oil glut between late 2014 and early 2016 .
And analysts expect U.S. production to keep rising this year .
Consultancy Rystad Energy expects U.S. shale oil output to grow by 100,000 bpd each month for the rest of this year and into 2018 , well above estimates by the U.S. Energy Information Administration for monthly gains of about 29,000 bpd in 2017 and 57,000 bpd in 2018 .
`` We see a risk for a weaker oil price towards the end of the year ... because shale is delivering so much oil and OPEC might fight back , '' Jarand Rystad told Reuters earlier this week .
Outside the United States , rising output in Libya , an OPEC-member exempt from the cuts , was adding to plentiful supplies .
( Reporting by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by Richard Pullin )
LONDON , March 28 British tour operator Thomas Cook said it expected to hit its full-year operating targets after seeing early signs that tourists were returning to troubled markets Turkey and Egypt .
Thomas Cook , which unnerved investors in February when it issued a cautious outlook , said trading for the group was progressing in line with expectations . While it saw some margin pressure due to more competition , demand for summer holidays was strong .
`` After a slow start to the season and a tough year in 2016 , we 're seeing early signs that customers are beginning to go back to Turkey and Egypt , '' it said .
( Reporting by Kate Holton ; editing by Costas Pitas )
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A drink-driver from Derby fled from police before losing control of his car and careering through walls and gardens .
Omari Hodges ' actions saw his silver Vauxhall Astra clip a kerb then crash into a lamppost and end up on its side in Warwick Avenue .
The 26-year-old , of Alvaston , was left trapped in his vehicle and had to be freed by firefighters who pulled him out through its boot .
He suffered a suspected broken right hand and gave a roadside breath test of almost twice the drink-drive limit , admitting he “ panicked ” when he overtook a police van knowing he had been drinking .
( Image : Google Maps )
But Derby Crown Court heard how when he got to hospital he failed to supply a sample of blood .
Now he has been disqualified from driving for 18 months but has been spared a prison term because he has no previous convictions or cautions of any kind .
Handing Hodges , of Harvey Road , an 18-month community order , Recorder Michael Jackson said : “ You were going on the wrong side of the road and bounced across it when you clipped a kerb and hit a lamppost after crashing through a wall and a number of gardens .
“ It is not a lengthy period of dangerous driving but it is serious because you were trying to get away from the police because you knew you had been drinking . ”
Rebecca Coleman , prosecuting , said the incident started at around 12.30am on January 27 at the roundabout Close to the Royal Derby Hospital .
She said Hodges overtook a police van “ at speed ” as he headed towards Derby down Uttoxeter Road before he stopped at a red traffic light signal at its junction with Manor Road .
Miss Coleman said the police van pulled alongside him and its driver “ shouted at him to stop ” .
She said : “ The defendant drove off up Manor Road towards Warwick Avenue at a speed that they ( the pursuing police ) lost sight of him .
“ They continued looking for him and spotted the vehicle on the opposite side of the road where it had crashed .
“ The driver was still in the car and could not get out as it was on its side so the fire service had to free him from its boot .
Miss Coleman said Hodges blew a reading of 61 ( micrograms of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath ) at the roadside when the legal limit is 35 .
She said : “ He said to them ‘ I have been drinking and I panicked because of that ' .
“ But once in hospital he failed to provide a blood sample for analysis .
“ There were no eye witnesses to the crash but it is accepted that he was driving at speed on the wrong side of the road towards the roundabout at Stenson Road .
“ He then clipped or collided with the kerb and lost control going through walls and a number of gardens before hitting the lamppost and coming to a stop with the car on its side . ”
Hodges pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and failing to provide a specimen of blood .
As well as the 18-month community order and road ban he was ordered to pay £340 costs and an £85 victim surcharge .
He was also ordered to undertake a six-month alcohol awareness course and to carry out 140 hours unpaid work .
Nicola Hunter , for Hodges , said her client was unemployed but did occasional work .
She said : “ He is not really in employment and relies on the generosity of his girlfriend and mother . ”
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
April 10 Ford Motor Co
* Ford continues drive to be global electric vehicle leader , reveals industry 's first pursuit-rated hybrid police car
* Investing $ 4.5 billion and introducing 13 new electric vehicles globally in next five years
* Introduces second of 13 new electrified vehicles company plans to introduce in next five years .
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage :
Evacuation levels lowered for wildfire near Trinidad
TRINIDAD , Wash. ( AP ) — Authorities have lowered evacuation levels for homes southeast of Wenatchee from evacuate immediately to be aware and ready to evacuate because of a wildfire .
The Grant County Sheriff 's Office says the fire started Tuesday afternoon near Trinidad and quickly grew to 500 acres , threatening homes , crops , range land and orchards .
The Washington State Patrol closed Highway 28 at Trinidad temporarily in both directions Tuesday afternoon . The highway was back open before 7 p.m .
WITH the clock ticking down to the end of the regular season , the pressure is now on all teams to try and move up the League tables .
For the four Galway teams in the Super League and Division One , there are big games this weekend with four must-win battles taking place – three of which are on home turf .
First up , NUIG Mystics will be hoping to bounce back after their loss down in Cork to Singleton SuperValu Brunell last Sunday afternoon , as they welcome third-place DCU Mercy to the University at 3pm on Saturday afternoon . Mike Murray 's charges will need to battle hard though to overcome an in-form Mercy side , who have been enjoying a solid run in the Super League this season .
At 5pm , action moves over to Oranmore and Calsanctius College where one of the biggest games of the weekend tips in as local side Maree takes on BFG Neptune . Both of these teams are top of their respective conference tables , and have suffered just one loss each – Maree to Ulster University Elks and Neptune to Keane 's SuperValu Killorglin . This is a hugely-anticipated clash and will leave the winner in prime position going into the business end of the season .
Elsewhere in the Men 's Division One , Galway side Titans will also play at home in a must-win clash with ITC Basketball . Both sides are bottom of their respective conferences , with ITC Basketball going into the game with two wins and 10 losses following on from their shock win over Ej Sligo All-Stars last weekend in Carlow . Titans meanwhile , have just one win under their belts from 12 games and will need to pick up a win this weekend .
The last game of the weekend with Galway interest will be the Men 's Super League clash between Belfast Star and SSE Airtricity Moycullen in Belfast at 7pm on Saturday evening . This game is set to be a thriller , as not much separated these two teams in both their Cup and League clashes of late , with Moycullen coming out the better from both . Belfast will be looking to avenge these losses as they bid to move further up the Super League table , but Moycullen will take confidence from a big win at home last weekend against UCC Demons and will be hoping to secure another win this weekend on the road .
Basketball Ireland – Galway fixtures
Basketball Ireland Women 's Super League :
NUIG Mystics v DCU Mercy , NUIG Galway , 15:00 ;
Basketball Ireland Men 's Division 1 :
Maree v BFG Neptune , Calsanctius College , 17:00 ;
Titans v ITC Basketball , Colaiste Iognaid , 18:00 ;
Basketball Ireland Men 's Super League :
Belfast Star v SSE Airtricity Moycullen , Methodist College , 19:00 ;
